{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T16:03:14Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 574953, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115346-the-mysterious-valley-report-may-1994-chris-o-brien.pdf", "source_sha256": "fbbc0daacbb794c97b7825289a8352765720ca36b9b1abea7d34ef282662a9f9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 638, "chars": 4132, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Volume 1
April through May 1994
Number 3
The Mysterious Valley Report
A Complete Time-line of Anomalous dotivity in The San Luis Valley, Colorado-New Mexioo
Written and investigated by Christopher O'Brien
Sightings Continue Valley-wide
Unusual Aerial Activity and Cattle Deaths Continue
Welcome to The Mysterious Valley (Dates and times of sightings are in Bold)
The response I've received from readers of The Mysterious Valley Report is greatly appreciated. Thank you. Your helpful
suggestions and comments are being integrated into future issues.
I have been asked to include maps of the San Luis Valley for readers not familiar with our remote region of the Rocky
Mountains, so I've included a detailed map supplement to enable you to accurately locate the exact areas where our activity is
taking place.
Other suggestions include publishing photographs, covering other sightings elsewhere in the Rocky Mountain region, and a
suggestion to include important historical information. Good ideas! I plan to scan photos for inclusion in future issues and will
also work to include a section on sightings in the other Rocky Mountain States starting in June/July. I've also had several -
inquiries concerning the status of my 90-minute documentary which I'm currently editing. It will be completed and available
later this summer.
Overview:
April and May are traditionally two of the most active months (in the greater San Luis Valley region) during years of
heightened activity. 1994 is no exception. From April 1 through May 31, there were 19 sightings of anomalous objects and/or
lights, three reported unusual cattle deaths (a reliable unreported case of two, possibly three cattle deaths complete with a 12' X
12' rectangular burn-mark nearby) and numerous sightings of helicopters and military vehicles. The usually subtle presense of
"those who watch" became much less translucent this spring. Local law enforcement officials profess to be as mystified as ever.
San Luis Valley residents are becoming very aware of our unexplained activity due to local and regional newspaper coverage of
some of our sightings and, specific areas (where these strange occurrences are happening) are buzzing with stories and rumors.
Generally, most people seem to be curious as to what is (has always been) going on. It appears, to this investigator, that the
locals are slowly gaining the courage to report these sightings to law enforcement and reporters. Unfortunately, we still have a
long way to go in this regard. There is evidence to suggest that the vast majority of our unexplained activity is still going
unreported for fear of ridicule, but the sheer number of events, witnesses, and the law of averages is allowing more and more of
these cases to be reported and investigated.
Sightings
My daylight sighting of an apparent rounded object, March 30, at 10:45 am, (covered in MVR #2) was followed by three
reports of our "cheap firework" aerial displays on Friday and Saturday April 1 and 2 at just after 10:00 pm. These curiously
baffling displays are usually bright bluish-white and appear to be just above tree-top level. They are only reported in a 10-mile
wide corridor extending from the Blanca Massif-north to Valley View Hot Springs on the western facing slopes of the Sangre De
Cristo Mountains (which run north to south along the eastern side of the San Luis Valley; see #1 on map #2) These displays are
not meteors and have the appearance of a large bottle-rocket, hense my name for them. They primarily occur between 9:00 pm
and 11:00 pm DLST, during periods of other anomalous aerial activity. These three sightings (two on the April Ist, one on the
2nd) were all described as being within 100' of the observers and traveled east to west entering over the Sangres and blinking
out as they reached the foothills surrounding the town of Crestone. (See #2 on map #2) One witness stated that the display he
observed blinked out a mere "25" directly over his backyard." As I mentioned last issue, these displays tend to be clustered
before and after outbreaks of sightings, with a few reports when other activity is. occurring.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 901, "chars": 5843, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
These glowing orbs remind me of an fast-moving are-welding torch viewed at night. There is (almost always) an intense point
of light surrounded by a bright corona and a four-pointed refraction, similar to a star-lense effect on a video image of a light
source. They leave a glowing streak behind them and travel much slower than a typical meteor flash. I have personally seen
these displays dozens of times since I moved here five years ago, including several impressive larger fireball-types, and I repeat,
they ARE NOT meteors or mundane celestial objects!
I have a hunch that the seven large "fireballs" that were reported by dozens of witnesses between November 30 and January 17
(including the January 12, NORAD event, which was the fourth) could possibly be exalted versions of the more humble "cheap
firework" displays. There may be a direct relationship. The larger "fire-balls" (which have been reported in several southwestern
states) have been documented here in the San Luis Valley since the 1940's. The larger variety enter over the Sangres in the
before-mentioned cooridor (like the smaller ones) but because of their larger size they streak east all the way across the valley to
the western side before blinking out. You can compare these "fireball" flight paths (in relation to the "cheap fireworks") to a
large plane needing a larger landing strip than a smaller plane. I never witnessed these unexplained "cheap fireworks" displays
during 30 years spent outside of the San Luis Valley.
Attention Diverted Elsewhere
The eastern-side of the San Luis Valley, at the base of the Sangres where I live, traditionally has consistantly had more reports
of anomalous aerial objects than the rest of the San Luis Valley. This pattern ended abruptly last December (See MVReports #1
and #2). The western-side of the valley continues to now have it's share of sightings; however, the 'epicenter of this activity has
moved northward in April and May (See #3 and #4 map #2).
On Thursday, April 7 at 10:00 pm, a large bright-orange light was seen by three witnesses, rising above the La Garita
Mountains in the west, east of Creede. (The location, according one observer, was at #5 map #2,) The light hovered 30 degrees
above the horizon for almost ten minutes before "blinking out." It was described as brilliant" and "much larger than a planet."
On Saturday, April 9 at 9:30 pm, "several bright lights hovering low in the western sky" were seen by the Koon family in
Moffat, 12 miles west of Crestone (See #6 map #2). The Koons (trained observers) have. a spectacular view of the entire
western/southern horizon and have had more than their share of sightings since moving to Mofatt in July 1993. The remote
unpopulated area near Creede, where these two sightings were observed, is a large minimum-intensity. aeromagnetic anomaly
area that's rumored to 'have a possible underground facility (see #7 map #2).
"Oni Thursday, April 21, at around 6:00 am, there were two reports of a "large jet flying low over Monte Vista" (See #8 map #2).
The military is attempting to expand the La Veta Military Operations Area (see #9 map #2), and according to Public Relations
officer Maj. Tom Schultz of the Colorado Air National Guard, "We have more pilots than planes" and as a result, pilots are
careful to fly according to regulations to keep themselves from being grounded. Regulations include staying subsonic and
well-above 500' to avoid noise complaints by area residents. According to witnesses, the "huge jet" lumbered "less than 200'
above the trees."
The Sphere Returns
On April 30, at 10:00 pm, life-long Crestone resident and local historian Jack Harlan witnessed something he'd "never seen
before" in his 70-plus years.
"It was large and round, like a sphere," he told me the next day. "There were red and green lights
blinking (in sequence) around the underside." Another witness, a neighbor who had just stepped outside of his Crestone
residence, also thinks he saw the strange craft. "I had just stepped outside when I saw a large bright light going straight up and
out, (to the southeast) with sparks shooting off it!" According to this second witness, "Jack (Harlan) said it was so close he
could see 'two raised ridges on the underside that were lit up by the bright blinking lights." Curiously, Harlan told his neighbor
that he felt unusually fatigued the entire following day. The mysterious silver sphere being seen by many San Luis Valley
residents would return later in May.
CSETI Conducts Training in the San Luis Valley
Dr. Steven Greer, founder and head of the Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intellegence, (CSETI) conducted a Rapid
Mobilization Investigation Team (RMIT) training May 5 through May 9, here in the San Luis Valley., Greer arrived in the late
morning of Wednesday, May 4, after flying into Denver, and observed "two large camo'ed dropped-bellied semi's" near Villa
Grove (see #10 map #2) at the northern end of the San Luis Valley as he drove south on State Highway 285 towards Crestone,
headquarters for the RMIT training. "We saw similar (military-esque) activity when we were in England," he told me.
The next morning Thursday, May 5, Greer observed "a bright silver sphere hovering silently over the (Sangre De Cristo)
mountains" while jogging in the Baca development. The sphere did not leave any vapor trail (unlike the mundane aerial traffic
also observed at the time) According to his description, the sphere hovered silently for several minutes before heading east, out
of sight. Greer was unaware at the time that a similar sphere had been reported five days before by Jack Harlan and Harlan's
neighbor. He was also unaware that similar objects had been seen during the same time period near the towns of Blanca and Ft.
Garland (See #10 map #2) and he was unaware of my March 30, sighting.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 850, "chars": 5555, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RMIT-head Sherry Adamiak and Dr. Greer instructed over a dozen CSETI-ites in the system of protocols that Dr. Greer has
devised to elicit contact with extraterrestrial craft and their occupants. The CSETI regime for "vectoring-in" craft includes
remote-viewing, group meditation and blinking powerful spotlights, thus inviting craft and their pilots to land for possible
boarding by CSETI members. Aspiring RMIT team members included Bootsy Galhbreth, wife of United States Ambassador John
Kenneth Galhbreth and George Lamb, who is a top administrator for Lawrence Rockefeller.
The CSETI agenda appears (to this investigator) to be a well-intentioned, well thought out, step forward out of the morass
UFOlogy finds itself in." A real-time investigative presense in "flap" areas of heightened activity makes a lot more sense to this
investigator than yet another re-hashinging of the Roswell case. CSETI has had some success in attracting craft to specific
locations in the United States, Mexico and England but, no boardings have occurred. SETT's expedition into the mysterious San
*Luis Valley couldn't have been timed more perfectly.
On Saturday and Sunday, May 7 and 8, the group had several additional sightings of unknown lights/objects. More on these
sightings in next months issue.
These CSETI sighting reports pointedly coincide with Blanca and Ft. Garland residents reporting unknown lights in the sky on
Saturday and Sunday night, May 7th and 8th, 30 miles southeast of Crestone (see #11 map #2), and the flurry of reports 40
miles to the west of Crestone, four miles north of the town of Monte Vista (See #12 map #2). The CSETI group witnessed several
curious unknown objects during those two stormy nights. Maybe the CSETI group inadvertently gave our "visitors" vague
directions. Something appeared to have been "vectored-in" to the San Luis Valley on May 7 and 8.
Cars Were "Lined up Watching It"
Saturday and Sunday, May 7 and 8, at 10:30 pm (as reported by Mark Hunter in the Valley Courier) six Monte Vista residents
reported to Rio Grande County Undersheriff Brian Norton a fast moving brilliant "white strobe-light" low to the ground in the
area of Rio Grande County roads 4N and 3W, known as "Maxiville" to the locals (See #12 map #2). Norton himself saw the
light which he described as being "just above the trees and really moving!" He said, "It had to have been traveling at least as fast
as 200 to 250 mph." Norton said the Rio Grande County Sheriff's office received two calls Saturday night and four calls Sunday
night officially reporting the unusual low flying "strobe-light." Valley Courier editor Mark Hunter told me "cars were lined up
along, (State Highway) 285 watching it." Norton said those (witnesses) present "refused to go on-the-record" about the sighting.
The Undersheriff said the light seemed to mirror his actions when he and others tried to get close enough to identify it. "I would
chase it north, and it would head south. I would stop, and it would stop. Then I made a U-turn and headed back south, and the -
light immediately headed north." Norton also mentioned seeing a "dark unmarked helicopter" the next morning (Monday the 9th)
while investigating the location where the strange strobe-light was seen. He said, "The chopper appeared to be buzzing the area
where the light was seen" during the previous two nights.
Three additional sightings of the strange "strobe-light," in the same area, were reported as being seen on June 5 at 2:30 am.
More on these additional sightings next issue.
"He Doesn't Want to Scare Folks!"
Several reliable sources (including the before-mentioned local law enforcement official and local reporter) told me that it had
been rumored that a Maxiville-area farmer had two, possibly three, cows "mutilated" on Monday night, May 9th, These sources
also mentioned a landing by some sort of craft on the farmer's property. The landing traces allegedly consisted of "a 12' X 12'
rectangular burn mark" in the farmers freshly irrigated field. According to his neighbors, he (the farmer) doesn't want to öfficially
report these cattle deaths and landing because "he doesn't want to scare folks." Does the farmer's reticence sound familiar?
Evidently the farmer quickly disposed of the carcasses and possibly the evidence of a landing: Over flights of the area by a local
pilot revealed nothing. I don't normally cover "rumors" but this one is too juicy and credible-sounding to pass up. I am attempting
to investigate this one as expeditiously as possible.
Speaking of rumors, and at the risk of sounding sensational, I am also hot on the trail of a rumor pertaining to the January 12th,
NORAD event." It could be a bombshell! (Hopefully) more on this developing "rumor" next issue.
From Eagle (Colorado) to Eagle's Nest (New Mexico)
The field of "mute-ology" (as coined by. long-time Gardener, Colorado mutilation researcher Izzy Perkins in 1979) seems to have
a propensity for perceived "name-game" synchronicity. The father of muté-ology, Tom Adams, loves to point this out. Tom
quickly observed the latest "name-game" twist to me recently as I told him about our recent "cattle mutilation" activity. He
• instantly observed that our three recent unusual cattle death cases in Eagle, Colorado, last November and December (See MVR
someone (or something) sending blatantly subtle messages to the befuddled? When investigating this (blood-based) unsolved
serial crime spree of the century, one must scrutinize the evidence from as many angles as possible. Clues, dear Watson, clues.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 882, "chars": 5613, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The two cows that were found on May 10, next to a lake, 25 miles east of Taos, in Eagles, Nest, New Mexico, at the extreme
southern end of the San Luis Valley, were found with your "classic mutilation" incisions, rear-end cored out, etc., and represent an
historic first (of sorts). New Mexico paranormal investigators Gail Staehlin and Gene Neiry, New Mexico cattle inspector Philip
Cantu, vetenarian Tim Johnson and the world's only known "mute" pathologist, Dr. John Altshuler, were all on scene together
within ten hours of discovery. To my knowledge, there has never been such expertise on-sight in the history of the unusual cattle
death phenomenon. I sincerely hope that this is a harbinger in regards to future investigations/cases nation-wide. Initial results
derived from preliminary forensic testing indicated cooked hemoglobin and cauterization of the incisions
Who, Pray Tell, Has Taken Charge of Publicity?
The area just beyond the southern end of the San Luis Valley (in north-central New Mexico) has quietly undergone a wave of
unusual cattle deaths since the fall of last year. I am still in the process of documenting all the particulars. One rancher, whose
ranch is situated over the mountains south and east of Taos, has "lost (and reported) ten head since September." (!) He is only one
of several ranchers in the area that are been plagued by the mysterious cattle surgeons of late.
How ironic that these cases (including the cow found last March right in Taos, New Mexico see MVR #2) should be a convenient
prelude (publicity campaign?) to the "Animal Mutilation Conference" presented by Gail Stachlin, Gene Neiry, Vic Brown and
yours truly, May 21, 1994, right in Taos. The conference was publicized in the area for three weeks and somebody evidently saw
Proper forensic, post-mortem photographic and general investigative techniques were presented to a dozen ranchers, two state
cattle inspectors and a local veternarian over the course of the five-hour gathering. In the words of Eli Hronich, the rancher who
has "lost ten head since September...I've been around cows all my life and I've seen hundreds of cows that have died from various
causes, but I have never seen cows that have been' cut up like the ones I lost...It's unnatural the way they died...I don't care who
says different; I know!"
The local Taos press presented a well-written, objective article covering the proceedings the following week. This type of
networking with ranchers and local officials is crucial. Expediency is of paramount importance when investigating unusual
animal deaths. In the words of Gail Stachlin, "somebody's got to help these folks!" We all have to somehow work together 1o
solve this and other mysteries.
_Standardized Classification of Unusual Animal Deaths
The field of UFOlogy has several systems of classification including the Hynek "CE I-IV" and the Vallee addition of the "effects
of Anomaly, Fly-By, and Maneuver" classes of UFO sighting/encounters. (Do YOU use them?) With the number of unusual
animal deaths climbing towards a supposed 12,000, (by the way, who came up with this figure?) isn't it about time that a system
for classifing these on-going mysterious deaths be devised? Not 1o mention a needed system to document the potpourri of other
unexplained mysteries that continue to take place in the San Luis Valley and other regions around the world. Standardization and
education of the public is essential. These are no longer "closet" subjects, there IS something going on and above the world
around us. It seems there always has been.
Who Sets the Speed Limit?
The idea of a national data base for documenting all of these sightings and animal deaths and other mysteries is inevitable. The
much-vaulted "information super-highway" holds tremendous promise. Or does it? Obviously, several questions leap to mind
when considering this pivotal information, i.e:, Who will devise the system and organize/judge the information? What about the
predictable dis-use of system by hoaxers and dis-information agendas leading to garbage-in, garbage-out. It would seem likely
that a devised system of access to data is a logical next step forward for UFOlogy and every field of study in this age of
information, and the potential for gross mis-use may be insurmountable. Certain UFO groups can be compared compared to
"black-holes." In a perfect world...
"I Heard What I Heard"
As reported by Mark Hunter in the Valley Courier on Tuesday night, May 17, at 9:30 pm Monte Vista residents Stephanie
Malouff and Debbie Jiron reported secing a "huge bright light with lots of little bright lights around it." Malouff and Jiron saw
the large object ("far too large" to be a conventional craft) flying in a northerly direction south of the town. They also observed
that the larger object was being chased by a second smaller object at high speed. As the smaller object closed in on the larger
one, the larger one appeared to turn from bright-white to red, as it "all of a sudden made a 45 degree turn to the west and
disappeared over the mountains near Greenie." (See #3 map #2). According to. Hunter, the two witnesses were excited and
understandadly puzzled about their sighting and told him, "You couldn't miss it. It was bright and it was huge."
As per the norm around here, there is a strange twist to this one. Malouff told Hunter that although the objects were silent, she
heard a "pinging sound" like bullets "ricocheting" off metal. Was the smaller "object" shooting and hitting the larger one?
Malouff didn't care to speculate about this twist, but insisted, "I heard what I heard."

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 844, "chars": 5362, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Malouff said she called several relatives to see if anyone had seen the strange objects and one woman told her she had seen a
similar object the previous night Monday, May. 16, at around 2:00 am.
Those Who Watch
On that same Monday, 7:00 am, a Colorado Springs station KKEM apparently broadcast a "Live" UFO sighting report of a strange
silver object hovering over Colorado Springs. According to a friend who told me of his hearing the broadcast, a similar object
had apparently been spotted the night before over Trinidad, Colorado. I have heard, but not seen in print, that the object was a
"600 foot long weather balloon flying at 100,000 feet" (?) My sources said that it was launched by the National Weather Service
"out of New Mexico." With the activity that was reported during the next two nights, could "those who watch" be watching more
than just the weather? I'm digging around on this one, the timing is more than a little suspect. Anybody out there have an in at
the NWS? Supposedly it was launched on the 15th, in "northern New Mexico" and it drifted east, towards Trinidad, then it went
north (?!) towards Colorado Springs. Knowing a little about the weather patterns around here and factoring in our activity during.
the following two nights leads to some interesting speculation. Oh, by the way, has anyone ever heard of a 600 foot long weather
balloon? Just curious...
The Sphere-look is In This Spring
According to Rio Grande County Undersheriff Brian Norton, he received a report from a Southfork resident of a 20 to 30 minute
sighting on Tuesday, May 24, from 9:30 pm to 10:00 pm of our large silver sphere (the one with the multi-colored lights
blinking around the underside) flying south down the Rio Grande between South Fork and Creede. (See #5 map #2). Evidently
this sphere is getting around. That makes five sightings since March 30, of what appears to be the same (or same type) craft that
has been reported periodically in the San Luis Valley for the past 30 years. As the month of May progressed, I wondered if our
activity in general would vanish as usual in June and July. So naturally that night on May 25, at 9:35 pm, I witnessed the most
bizarre "cheap fire work" display out of the dozens I have seen to date:
OK, I'm Not Convinced!
As I like to point out, these (almost at times comical light displays really intrigue me.
I have puzzled over them with my
customary scepticism (natural vs. un-natural explanation/scenario) since I moved here, and I confess, I'm more confused than ever!
Our house sits 200 feet above the valley floor and I was standing on our 2nd story deck that has a commanding view of the entire
- northern and central portions of the San Luis Valley: There was a completely over-cast sky with uniform cloud-cover 7,000 feet-
above the entire central and northern valley floor. I was looking directly south, out over the southern part of the Baca Ranch
when I saw a bright blue light appear (30 degrees below the horizon) that appeared to travel/fly in a slight are parallel to the
ground 50-100 feet above the tree-tops. It was about a mile or so away traveling at a lower elevation than my vantage point! I
was actually looking down at it as it flared for almost a mile over the pinon trees 100'-150' below me. These objects are real, and
I only have a couple of theories. We could be witnessing an as yet undefined natural phenomenon like some sort of static
' discharge. Or, they could they be an effect caused by something else like a craft, i.e., a jet produces a contrail. They come in all
sizes, the smaller ones tend to be bluish, the larger models are greenish and orangish. The real comical tiny ones (that are only
reported as occurring very close to the observer) are especially puzzling. One witness last year said the one he saw looked like
"Tinkerbelle crashing."
Will Our Activity Continue in June and July?
Historically, reported anomalous activity in south-central Colorado/north-central New Mexico seems to drop off completely during
June and July. Last June and July 1993 were customarily very quiet. I only received a couple of reports during this time period
last year including two witnesses seeing the huge (and very rare) Great Sands Dunes light-beam on July 6, 1993.
Up until November 1992, our prior winter activity also seemed to vanish completely during the December through February
time-period. This changed dramatically in 1992 and, as most of you know, we've had incredible waves of activity these past two
Next Issue
Tom Adams, when informed of our January 12, 1994 NORAD event, immediately recognized a synchronistic parallel between the
mystery fires, explosions, and fireballs surrounding the events that occurred around Gallup, New Mexico, on January 12, 1983: I
had hoped to publish (in this issue) a detailed analysis comparing our seven recent fireballs and the events surrounding the
NORAD event and the eerily similar Gallup Incident, but with the continuing levels of activitiy we've experienced this spring,
space was not permitting. I will include it in the next issue if our activity holds to tradition and vanishes in June and July..
A detailed report of the May 7 and 8 CSETI sightings will also be covered, along with general Rocky Mountain region news in
addition to regular coverage of The Mysterious Valley.
Your suggestions and comments are welcome!

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 328, "chars": 2365, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To CUNNISON"
+2
#7
ea57
CREEDE
L TORSO WOI CALTT
ARCHUGDIĄ
TAST FOTE
'Summit Peak
ic. Trzy
Squaretop Min
-Buke
mitter MIns.
,Trulibys
345
• MESA M
ISL
LIND
madr ja.
1013
(53))
Jen CONTAÉNTAS
P LANe 4070
HE
19171
Stonn fair
DOsoE
. INDIAN
===]
75/
ERVATION
ştinhing
Laikipi
iRock.
LU
21
Dome
LUDERS ft,
0 E Ą
#6
GARITA"
Mesa Pk.,
#5
Cs TC-
Ştorm King
SAGACH
RIO VISTA ESTATES
Trout Mini
RIO
TORK -
TOLTE
.- -DẾİ
NORTE
NAVA CATERČIG
CROSS
eL. 17978
à Del Nortep
Peak is
D
=*73109
Bennett Pe
4 14
GRAL
UI OLT IL Tot:
TO TEXAS CREEK
1A621
#10
triç Peak
19=9372
K-SILYER
WESTCLFFE
CLIFF
49 (86
Mt. Tyndall
SAA CHe
_Gibson Pea)
SAGUACHE
GRANDE
#2
- CRESTO
122
Carson
1 Trier
175
C'offennseennd
DEVELOA NATIONA
S SANGRE,
LA GARITA
BALA
DANCH
CENTER
COUNTY
10
(112
ICO., ALAMOSA
pollar lotre
LHOTPER
"Hond fete?
моти #,Ч
020#/22
MOSCA
fx.740)
MONTE =
HALEY
GREAT
SAND DUNES 30
*, NATL. MON,
COr-
AND LANOL
MILDERNESS B
CRFAI SANES DASIS
FORE
(150
VISTA
FORESTI
:#8
63)
hio
ЗASC HOMELAKE
Greenle
/285
MHD:
HUNTE VOIG
KATIONA
,1 #CLOLIFL
254
TRAII
#
HUERFANO
#
MOUNTAINS
HErUUG
ALAMOSA
101
'OUNTY
-(368
LESTRELU
-MAYAO
KLANG HET
FILOLITE
rusi
ALAMO
1. 7740
BLANCA
GrANor
WESTERA
312
CAPULEN
tA LARI
3E EE 3360 ST. HIS. MON.
(135)
a. Ґ SANFORD
SAN ACACIO S
38
Conejos Pk.
JUAN E. iJISO
FOREST
ON A WIDERNESS
sof
CONEOS CAGL
SPECTACHE LACE CRCK
ROMEO
(152
CHAMA 8
"feadors
thoci.
DReli
CUMBES O
Á IL 1923
Chromo Mtr.
122
41
O CH.ANA
:E1.7860
184
TIERRA
AMARILA
, LOS OJOS
(PARKVIEW)
Heron
RUTHERON 3
FEZ EASEHADA
B6/pin Brazo
LI PUENTE
162) IL. 7460
•TIERRA
ск (112)
(531)
AMARILLA
{64
l0t2o
0170
Mogotes "ESTAS
+ ANTONITO
SCENE A NAE
EJOS
CO
PIL LA
MESTIA
FE los.
CARSOI
8
10 ..
ÁNtonio. Mtri
30g
PEL VADO
CEBELLA
1 Jo345"
Broke Off Mtr
- EL. 1061
S / Jambone Min. e
Inporell op
Lafi
3
HOP WES CARE
2 NATL
YEL, 10911
canjilon Mtn. /
CÁLEON OPC
SCan jilo*
*CANSJEON_.-
TRES PIEDRAS
TANSS,
¡YELLECTOS
PETACA
VETT!!
159
UTNS.
EL ro oPi
COSTN
Ute Mtn.
ASCALLA
Grande
SUNSHINE
SAT RIO
ratir Peak
CERRO
"CARSÓN
Cerrõ de la Olla te ceuc Ca
O ETa Laka,
er breste
CHIPO
2 RED
LOEE NARNYEE
saND auery-
VISIOR CENTEN
HITLE
• ASANE SPA, CA DD
LANTAPT CAGLI
TCHA HD ETU
MACHARS
ELo PI
Flag Mi
SKOLA SARENES CAGA o (522)
SK1
OSAM CRIST-ERL
• Loso Peres n
Mrna ALDy
cycato Whecler Pk.
ARROTO, SECO" NATE:
ARROYO 20
HONDO
* teblo PK®
TROS PUEBLO II
64
403
SILOS PUEBLO
RIDE 108 | ARON, 7
149
