{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T21:32:28Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 778716, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115344-letter-to-steven-greer-from-john-petersen-10-21-93.pdf", "source_sha256": "4da189cc84b10c16d8d690da8abda84d8f50415617f20b9617d35774b1ad97d9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1677, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Memorandum
THE ARLINGTON INSTITUTE
To:
Steven Greer
From:
Date:
21 October 1993
Subject:
Project Starlight
I very much appreciated our time together in Ft. Collins and am honored to have been taken
into your confidence. I hope that I can be of some help to your most important endeavor. By
the way, a copy of my report, The Road to 2012, has been sent to you separately.
I have given some thought to your upcoming project and offer the following:
Assumptions:
A CSETI press conference with former US government employees will be held to
establish that the USG has been aware of and dealing with ETI for some time, and that the
incidents of ETI contact have been increasing significantly in the recent past. This press
conference will be held within eighteen months (probably in February) and may or may
not have government support. If USG support is forthcoming, it may be at any of a
number of levels varying from behind the scenes acquiescence to a jointly coordinated
effort that includes a statement by the President changing the USG policy vis a vis ETI.
In anticipation of the press conference, CSETI has begun what is planned to be a series of
confidential briefings for selected leaders of different sectors of the society. If government
cooperation is obtained, these briefings may include international sessions including
some with foreign heads of state.
CSETI sees this event and its associated briefings as setting the stage for the initial formal
contact between humans and ETI, which is likely to transpire within 36 months.
From SETT's point of view, the objective - the output - of this project is:
[Steven, can you articulate this clearly and succinctly]
•
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 473, "chars": 2863, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONSIDERATIONS:
• This is probably the most important thing that anyone dealing with this project - from
he President on down — has ever done in his or her life. The implications and
potential fallout from this event have profound importance for the future of humar
life on earth. The project demands extraordinary effort and calls for unequaled
diligence.
• It is important that you do not lose contral of the process, either to the USG or to other
groups or individuals. When it begins to take off, there will be unbelievable pressures
that will, if they are given in to and not anticipated, fragment and capture the message.
The most powerful people in the world will use every resource available to them to
attempt to accomplish their personal objectives relative to this matter - what ever those
objectives happen to be.
• This is a big - a huge - deal that will require involving a significant number of very
good people (the absolute best that you can find) to bring their expertise to bear in
carrying out what needs to be done. A small core group of professionals will need to
be engaged to help think through the process: legal, marketing, public relations, etc.
You cannot afford to make mistakes that are obvious to those who understand well
those areas into which you must venture. I can help you with some of these folks.
• Additionally, you will need a couple or three close confidants who are your strategists
and message-minders. It will be increasingly hard for you personally to maintain an
arms-length, objective relationship to what is going on as the tempo increases. You
need wise counselors who are knowledgeable about every aspect of the process and
have your confidence.
• A serious attempt must be made to think through and identify every potential track that
this process might take, therefore making it possible to plan for those contingencies.
You must not be blindsided.
• You must not think too small. Most of the approaches and techniques that we are
familiar with work for much smaller issues than what is being contemplated here.
This is a global issue and we must not either get too fixated on either the US or
approaches that are comfortable and obvious. Some new ground will have to be
plowed. We will have to invent some of this.
You cannot just take this up through the press conference... and attempt to walk
away to pursue the formal contact phase. That would be like throwing warm meat to a
pack of starving dogs. This project must include planning for the post-conference
period - probably at least six months. This whole beginning of this transition to this
new era must be carefully orchestrated.
• This could be overtly used to bring rogue countries back into the fold. The correct
overtures to Syria, Libya, North Korea, Iraq, Burma, and Iran could have profound
implications on the future of global geopolitics.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 354, "chars": 2297, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE MESSAGE
1. The most important aspect of this project is the positioning of the message.
How the message that is delivered at the briefings and press conference is designed and
characterized will have everything to do with its success. If it is positioned incorrectly, it will
immediately produce negative images in the minds of some of the audience - images that will
be very hard, if not impossible, to change.
Industrial societies (and I suspect lesser developed societies as well [ can find out]) have three
general psychological groups within them: inner-directed, outer-directed, and sustenance-driven.
The inner-directed look within themselves for direction; they march to the beat of their own
drummer and start all major social trends. They respond to personal growth and altruism.
Outer-directed individuals look outside themselves for their sense of meaning and sense of
accomplishment. Life is a ladder to be climbed and one's position on the ladder, indicated by
brands, activities and reactions by important" people is what life is about. This group drives
fads and fashion (short-term trends.) They respond to power.
Sustenance-driven people are risk- and change-adverse. They are driven by the need for
security. They are followers who are the last to change and will change only when threatened.
They respond to fear.
These three orientations exist is all of us, but in most cases, one is dominate. They are
psychological characteristics are independent of income, education and social status - there
will be a broad cross section of people within each category.
The message must be structured so that it is positioned for each of: personal growth/altruism,
power, and fear. It must have three facets that nest cleanly with these three areas of
motivation.
Everyone must hear his or her own message, and that message must clearly encourage movement
toward our objective and set up blocks against alternative interpretations.
2. The message must be easy to understand and unambiguous.
The ideas must telegraph immediately and should probably be couched in terms of images that
parallel human life, e.g. visiting a foreign country and meeting new friends, etc. Historical
mistakes, such as our past dealings with native Americans, should perhaps be remembered to
the audience.
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 435, "chars": 2612, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3. There must be high levels of quality control to protect the integrity of the message.
It is important, to the extent that it can be influenced, that the content of the message remains
the same as it is passed deeper and deeper into the society. To that end, you should consider
producing a video cassette that contains the "official" message. Perhaps this could be
coordinated with the White House and include a message from the President. A way of
producing mass quantities of them and distributing them very rapidly should be investigated.
If it was possible to pull it off, you might consider doing some focus groups to probe likely
responses to the final message. They could probably be cast as investigations into reactions to
possible endings for a new Spielberg movie.
The media will play a pivotal role in this regard. A section of this memo therefore deals
specifically with media affairs.
THE STRATEGY
This project should be the subject of at least one three-day strategic planning workshop. The
key participants should be brought together to go over and think through every possible
aspect of how this should be executed. This is important not only for logistical but for
team-building reasons.
Some initial considerations:
1. The process must be executed quickly
Time is the enemy. You must assume that because of the immense interest in this subject,
people will find it hard to not talk about what they have heard from the briefings. If you are
giving regular briefings, it will only be matter of time (7-14 days) before the whole process
takes on a life of its own. You will be able to get heads of state and Kissinger-like folks to keep
quiet, but at some point someone will pull the plug out of the dam and the whole thing will
cascade. Therefore, this phase must be very carefully scheduled and efficiently executed.
My guess is that at the beginning (for the first 10 days), you can do one or two briefings a day
with very high level people. The last three or four days would be a crash of five briefings per
day culminating with the press conference. The Congress and the press should be near the end
of the process. Anything printed that you pass out will very quickly be copied and distributed,
regardless of whether the recipients say they won't or not.
2. Understand the dynamics of this process
We should find a good social psychologist to help us think through the strategy, presentation,
etc. There are probably a couple of dissertations out there about how new information travels
through the social groups, and at least one academic who could be helpful.
3. Get government help
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 456, "chars": 2773, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
If the government gets on board, Dave Gergen could provide valuable input to the strategy
design process. He has a very acute and accurate sense about how to do things like this.
THE BRIEFINGS
1. Communicate highest level of seriousness
It is important that the briefings communicate the highest level of importance (and
significance) to those who attend. It would be helpful to have a little cover in the briefings
(which will happen before your press conference and the eyewitness testimony) that
establishes your bona fides with the US intelligence and policy communities. To that end, it
vould be good if you could get the CIA to give you a knowledgeable guy to come to each
najor briefing and say, "I have clearance from the highest authority to support this endeavo
and tell you that the U.S. government believes that the time has come for a change in policy
regarding ETI." (I may be able to help you do that through a meeting with Jim Woolsey - but
ultimately you would need the President's commitment.) Perhaps the USG would provide
some declassified pictures that you could show - but not give -- to the briefees.
We must develop a brief, but clear image of the worst case situation (if the message gets out of
hand) and find the appropriate way to communicate it easily so that recipients understand
what is at stake here.
2. Briefing sequence
You must first target the opinion leaders and then work down from there. The objective is to
talk first to those whom others will want to listen to for advice. That means that a well thought
out plan should be developed that, over a two-week period, will systematically saturate those
that most influence the decsionmaking in this country. For the press, for example, it is not
enough - in one sense, not that important - to brief the TV anchors, because it is the
commentators -- the hired guns - who will opine most about this event. We must identify the
producers, reporters, commentators, anchors and network heads, and work them in the right
sequence. It would be helpful to find a couple of producers that we could work with who
would steer us to the appropriate commentators and resource people.
Similar strategies must be developed for other social segments - government, academia,
business, the general public, etc.
3. Keep quiet as long as possible
As long as possible, the participants should be asked to maintain this information in
confidence. It will begin to leak before you get through all of the briefings (and perhaps give
you an advantage in having peaked the interest of some of the downstream prospects), so the
whole process should be orchestrated with that in mind. I know some people who, at the right
time, could be brought in to help on thinking about this.
4. Protect the press conference
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 2745, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
You should think about whether the briefees should be told about the coming press conference.
It might be better for them not to know it is coming (and therefore not be encouraged to
upstage the President, etc.)
5. Post-conference briefings
There will be a post-press conference requirement (after you have stirred up the hornet's nest)
for a flurry of additional briefings. Newspaper editorial boards, Larry King, etc. will demand
additional information. [By the way, you will essentially be out of the trauma medicine
business forever starting about a month before the press conference.] You should use some
time between now and the press conference to think through what that message will be and
anticipate how you can use the high level of interest to provide the sustenance for your efforts
up to and after the time of format contact.
THE MEDIA
The media must be understood for who they are - the deliverers of your message. As such
your precious communication is completely in their hands. They can deliver it accurately or
not - you have no control over them. The best message in the world is valueless if
miscommunicated, therefore considerable thought must be given to how to deal with the press.
1. A media strategy
We must think through how the different communications media, ranging all of the way from
word of mouth to television, should be used to promulgate this message. As best we can, we
must try to be there first with the information and images rather than having people find out
about this from second- and third-hand sources.
Television is most important. The news programs, daytime talk shows (Opra, Donohue, etc.),
issues shows (Meet the Press, McLaughlin, etc.), CNN, and all other important outlets must be
caretully woven together into a scheme that reaches out and envelopes the globe.
We also must think about how to use CNN, Star TV and other international outlets to reach the
rest of the world during and after the press conference.
Perhaps we could get a station to run the briefing video every hour on the hour for two or
three days. The video should be dubbed in a half-dozen languages and made available to the
international press.
2. The press is in the business of not keeping a secret
Keep in mind that all of the motivation and incentives for the press is to tell a secret first.
Therefore, you should understand that when you brief them (even on deep background), it will
only be a matter of time before they find a way to get their people working on this "biggest
story in history."
3. Give them a lot of information
Most journalists will use what they are given. Therefore, every attempt should be made to
answer every significant question and provide as much back-up information as possible before
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1545, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
chedact. We matto our best upage he metoby prodi as far beter any more
sole, source for info on this trend.
4. Managing the media process
You will absolutely need a media coordinator and small staff to provide a point of contact for
the media. They will do anything they can to get interviews and information; the crush will be
immense and someone experienced should be responsible for it or you will alienate the press
and force them to look elsewhere for information (because they have deadlines). You might be
able to hire this service.
5. Treat them all the same
In general, you should establish some rules that would tend to provide equitable access to all
legitimate press. We must not make them angry. The combination of anger, and fear or
apprehension (from the significance of this issue) could produce very unfavorable results
They are all competing with each other and must think they are all being treated fairly.
THE BRIEFING LIST
[I have included some names where I know them. All of the right people can be identified.]
The Press
Print Publishers & Editors
U.S. News & World Report
Newsweek
TIME
The New York Times
The Washington Post
The Boston Globe i
The Chicago Tribune
The Los Angeles Times
The Philadelphia Inquirer
The Dallas Morning Herald
The Christian Science Monitor
The Wall Street Journal
Major Foreign Press Reps in Washington
Selected Columnists
William Raspberry - The Washington Post
Anthony Lewis - The New York Times
Anna Quinlan -
[there are about a half dozen others here]
Television Network and News Heads
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 138, "chars": 954, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CNN
CSPAN
ABC
NBC
CBS
Turner Broadcasting
Fox Broadcasting
Wire Services
UPI
AP
Reuters
Personalities
Opra Winfrey
Phil Donohue
Ted Koppel
Dan Rather
Peter Jennings
John McLaughlin
John Chancellor
David Brinkley
Geraldo Rivera
Rush Limbaugh
Paul Harvey
Robert McNeil
James Lerher
Bernard
(CNN anchor)
Regular Program Participants on:
Meet the Press
Face the Nation
The McLaughlin Group (Mort Kondracke, Fred Barnes, Eleanor Cliff, Jack Germond)
Washington Week in Review
McNeil/Lerher News Hour
The Capital Gang (Michael Kinsley/Pat Buchanan/John Sununu/Robert Novak)
Commentators/Resource People
MG Perry Smith - CNN Military correspondent
LTG Bernard Trainor - Security Studies Program, Kennedy School, Harvard
The Internet and other Computer Networks
These entries into international cyberspace reach deeply into academia and other communities
and perhaps are now second only to the press in general importance and ability to reach
thinking people.
8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 145, "chars": 1113, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
Electronic Freedom Foundation (Mitch Kapor/John Perry Barlow)
The Well - Howard Rheingold, Peter Schwartz, Stewart Brand
CompuServe
Delphi Network
Prodigy
America Online
Usenet (interest group heads)
Think Tanks
Brookings -
American Enterprise Institute
Center for Strategic and International Studies
The Heritage Foundation
The Cato Institute
Economic Strategy Institute -
Major Religious Groups
Evangelicals - Christianity Today - Publisher Harold Myra plus the editor, Philip Yancey
Billy Graham, Pat Robertson,
Mainline Protestant - The Christian Century - Publisher & Editor, James Wall
Catholics - Joseph Cardinal Bernadin - Chicago
The Pope
The Military
Chairman and Vice Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff
Secretaries and Undersecretaries of Services
Service Chiefs and Vice Chiefs
Secretary of Defense, Deputy Secretary of Defense, Under Secretary (Policy),
Asst. Sec. (Strategy/Policy)
State Department
Secretary of State, Deputy Secretary of State, head of diplomacy area.
White House
National Security Council: Anthony Lake, Sandy Berger, Robert Bell
David Gergen, George Stephenapolos, Mack McLarty
9

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 1601, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
:
OTHER THOUGHTS
Series, e here. A are keistory ood i proces should be documentery book, film, television
2. This project should have a code name. You will find it valuable to be able to refer to this in a
shortened/ cryptic form in a number of situations. My contribution: Project Starlight'
3. You should start thinking now about, and perhaps start putting things in place for, the
4. You should consider whether you want to use this extraordinary exposure to build a
funding base for CSETI. There are thousands if not millions of people who would love to give
five or ten dollars to help assure this transition to a new era goes well. You should never, ever
ask for money, but you will constantly be asked in interviews about how CSETI is funded, and
that could present a particularly good opportunity for a low-key comment about "some
individuals think it is important that this be done right and choose to help us."
5. Although I dislike doing this, for lack of a better device I am sending along a copy of my
resume. It will give you a bit of an idea of who I have been.
6. I will provide any help to this project that I can and you desire.
7. I will send a clean copy of this to you in the mail.
8. We return from China late at night on 8 November. I have kept open most all of the 9th for
you (I have an 8:00-9:30 a.m. meeting.) If you want me to meet you somewhere, send me a fax
[keep in mind that others may read it before I do] and I'll pick it up that evening. You're
welcome to come by here - whatever is convenient. I'll pick you up at the airport if you'd like.
Just let me know.
10
