{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T06:48:52Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 380061, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115387-kofi-annan-un-secretary-general-letter-from-dr-steven-greer-july-6-2001.pdf", "source_sha256": "5598f3775835d8246d4166ab8a6270304a2fb8c01a843bbe2c6f8a4ae2dab96f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 370, "chars": 2429, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The
DISCLOSURE PROJECT
July 6th, 2001
UN Secretary-General
United Nations Headquarters
X
Dear XXXX
Enclosed please find important briefing materials regarding classified projects connected to extraterrestrial intelligence
and UFO events.
The Disclosure Project has identified over 400 top -secret military and government witnesses to such projects and
UFO events. We are in the process of releasing this information and testimony to the public and feel that as an
important world leader you should be thoroughly briefed on the matter.
The subject has the most profound implications for the future of the human race. We can prove that rogue, unacknow-
edged and constitutionally illegal projects are holding back from humanity the definitive solutions to the energy
nvironmental and global warming problems. These are connected to UFO technologies that have been develope
within these classified projects. Once released for peaceful applications, these technologies would replace all fossil
fuel use in the world.
Of greater concern is the covert deployment of weapons systems that have tracked, targeted and destroyed objects of
extraterrestrial origin. Such unsupervised projects are engaging in activities that are a threat to world security and are
connected to the efforts to place weapons in space under the guise of the National Missile Defense System in the US.
It is critical to world security that you be informed on these issues as they pose the gravest threat to the security and
future of humanity. There is no evidence the extraterrestrial civilizations are hostile, but there is abundant testimony
(see enclosed Briefing Document) that they are concerned with human warfare and weapons.
As Director of The Disclosure Project, I am requesting a personal meeting with you and your senior staff at the earliest
possible time to discuss these and related issues.
We also ask that you support a general disclosure on this subject and support an international ban on the weapons in
pace, insofar as it can now be proven that we are sharing space with other intelligent life forms. We are als
ecommending that the UN conduct an immediate open investigation of this subject so that the internationa
community may be adequately informed.
A proper disclosure of this subject will give humanity the technologies to correct the global energy and environmental
Respectfully,
Steven M. Greer MD,
Director, The Disclosure Project

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 431, "chars": 3022, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Kofi Annan, Secretary-General
Page 1 of 2
KOFIA. ANNAN
SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE
UNITED NATIONS
Biographical Note
Statements
Kofi Annan of Ghana is the seventh Secretary-General of the
Jnited Nations. The first Secretary-General to be elected from th
anks of United Nations staff, he began his term on 1 Januar
1997.
Mr. Annan's priorities as Secretary-General have been to
revitalize the United Nations through a comprehensive
programme of reform; to strengthen the Organization's traditional
work for peace and development; to encourage and advocate human rights, the rule of law
and the universal values of equality, tolerance and human dignity found in the United
Nations Charter; and to restore public confidence in the Organization by, in his words,
"bringing the United Nations closer to the people"
Mr. Annan was born in Kumasi, Ghana, on 8 April 1938. He studied at the University of
Science and Technology in Kumasi and completed his undergraduate work in economics at
Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota, U.S.A., in 1961. From 1961 to 1962, he
undertook graduate studies in economics at the Institut universitaire des hautes études
internationales in Geneva. As a 1971-1972 Sloan Fellow at the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, Mr. Annan received a Master of Science degree in management.
Mr. Annan joined the United Nations system in 1962 as an administrative and budget
officer with the World Health Organization in Geneva. Since then he has served with the
UN Economic Commission for Africa in Addis Ababa; the United Nations Emergency
Force (UNEF II) in Ismailia; the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for
Refugees in Geneva; and, at UN Headquarters in New York, as Assistant Secretary-General
for Human Resources Management and Security Coordinator for the UN System (1987-
1990) and Assistant Secretary-General for Programme Planning, Budget and Finance, and
Controller (1990-1992). In 1990, following the invasion of Kuwait by Iraq, Mr. Annan was
asked by the Secretary-General, as a special assignment, to facilitate the repatriation of
more than 900 international staff and the release of Western hostages in Iraq. He
subsequently led the first United Nations team negotiating with Iraq on the sale of oil to
fund purchases of humanitarian aid.
Before being appointed Secretary-General, Mr. Annan served as Assistant Secretary-
General for Peacekeeping Operations (March 1993 - February 1994) and then as Under
Secretary-General (February 1994 - October 1995; April 1996 - December 1996). His
tenure as Under Secretary-General coincided with unprecedented growth in the size and
scope of United Nations peacekeeping operations, with a total deployment, at its peak in
1995, of almost 70,000 military and civilian personnel from 77 countries. From November
1995 to March 1996, following the Dayton Peace Agreement that ended the war in Bosnia
and Herzegovina, Mr. Annan served as Special Representative of the Secretary-General to
http://www.un.org/Overview/SG/sg7bio.html
7/6/01

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 1581, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Kofi Annan, Secretary-General
Page 2 of 2
the former Yugoslavia, overseeing the transition in Bosnia and Herzegovina from the
United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR) to the multinational Implementation Force
(FOR) led by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).
As Secretary-General, Mr. Annan's first major initiative was his plan for reform, "Renewing
the United Nations", which was presented to the Member States in July 1997 and has been
pursued ever since with an emphasis on improving coherence and coordination. His April
1998 report to the Security Council on "The Causes of Conflict and the Promotion of
Durable Peace and Sustainable Development in Africa" was among several efforts to
maintain the international community's commitment to Africa, the most disadvantaged of
the world's regions. He has used his good offices in several political situations, including an
attempt to gain Iraq's compliance with Security Council resolutions, and his missions to
help promote the transition to civilian rule in Nigeria and to resolve a stalemate between
Libya and the Security Council over the 1988 Lockerbie bombing. He has also sought to
improve the status of women in the Secretariat and build closer partnerships with civil
society groups, the private sector and other non-State actors whose strengths complement
those of the United Nations.
The Secretary-General is fluent in English, French and several African languages. He is
charied to Nane Annan, of Sweden, a lawyer who is now an artist. They have three
###
http://www.un.org/Overview/SG/sg7bio.html
7/6/01
