{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T23:17:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 141399, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115450-witness-10876-presidential-steward-for-president-kennedy.pdf", "source_sha256": "693fe0df4fcab9da6f1afa8d13147300c6b97320a838de7cb2200aa54304a539"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 463, "chars": 2623, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Unknown interviewer: All right, what is your full name and where do you live? What do
you do? What is your military record all about?
: Okay. My name is
r, and I live in Victorville,
California. And as far as that, I'm the chairman of the board of
International, a Delaware
corporation and
Realty Group.
Capital Group. I am also affiliated with the >
and I'm a real estate developer and also marketing
real estate. My previous history with the air Force was from 1962 to 1977. I was an enlisted
aircrew member, both as a flight steward and loadmaster. My serial number at that time was AF
Surprisingly, I can still remember that after all these years. And where would you
like to go from there?
Unknown interviewer: Your service experience and how did that connect you to the UFO
phenomenon?
I would have to take us back to 1963 while I was stationed in Germany. I
was with the
Group, and we were a VIP flight group that flew General ?, and
General Alexander and General Ford around throughout Europe and any other VIP flights. I had
the pleasure of flying in June of 1963 with President Kennedy on his European tour. And while I
was on that trip, I shared with him a local newspaper in Germany where they had just sighted a
UFO and also had some other sightings in other parts of Germany. And this led into some
conversation between us. And he asked me and he said well young man, what do you think about
it? And I said, I think it's terrific. I think it's exciting.
And for us to think that there is no other you know, no other beings and no other power,
Yeah, I think would be ludicrous. And I in turn and says, well, what do you think about it? And
everything, and he says, well, I would have to agree with you. And, and just kind of left it at that.
I left Europe. I should back up a minute as far as that. One of my trips was with a gentleman that
was a flight officer and a pilot with the Canadian Air Force down in? And this was probably in
1964. And he told me of some encounters that they had had some sightings and that they chased
him with the F-104s, and that they could not keep up with him and could not maneuver the way
the craft did.
And I had heard some stories as far as regards to Air Force pilots and others that had seen
similar, but they were basically told, you haven't seen it, you don't know where it is. And if you
continue to talk about things like this, we'll see if we can't find another job for you. I was
transferred from Germany to Colorado Springs to the Air Defense Command headquarters at
Peterson Field to the flight division and I had been there not quite a year. And I was called on.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 677, "chars": 3905, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I was transferred from Wiesbaden Air Force base, Germany, to Colorado Springs, Colorado,
to Peterson Air Force Base, which is the flight division for Air Defense Command. And during
my tenure there from 1965 to 1967, I had two experiences that were, I would have to say were
extra ordinary. I was transferred from Wiesbaden Air Force Base, Germany, to Peterson Air
Force Base, Colorado Springs, Colorado, which was the Air Defense Command flight and flight
headquarters. And during my tenure there from 1965 to 1967, I had two experiences that kind of
awakened me to the true extraterrestrial flight and sightings phenomenon. My first experience
was where we were briefed ahead of time, and they had selected me because of my security
clearance. I had to top hat, which was from my presidential clearance times.
I was transferred from Wiesbaden Air Force Base, Germany, in 1965, the summer of 65, to
Peterson Field, Colorado Springs, Colorado, which was the Air Defense Command flight
headquarters. During my tenure of duty there from 1965 to 1967, I had two special missions that
allowed me the opportunity to become, I would say, informed as to the extraterrestrial and UFO
phenomenon. The first one we had a special briefing on at our command, and it was a minimum
crew, we were told as far as that, what you see, you forget, you don't know. It never happened.
And we were required to sign a 20-year non-disclosure statement with full penalties. From there,
we began the mission. We flew back to Washington, DC, to Andrews Air Force Base. We picked
up a contingency of both military and civilians and went to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in
Dayton, Ohio. We picked up a brigadier general and some civilians and other staff and then flew
from there to Alamogordo, New Mexico, down to the White Sands area. We were offloaded, we
were all kept together and we were told no recording devices, no cameras. And we were put on a
bus and we rode somewhere between 45 minutes to an hour out off of the base into a desolate
area and as far as into a box canyon. One of the things that surprised me was the fact that the
security, number one was not in any type of uniforms that I had seen before.
It was not it was not an army, you know, security force or Air force security. But they had
kind of a blue green uniform. They were armed and it was a security checkpoint. We rode in and
rode in through the box canyon, and then it opened up. Once we had cleared the security
checkpoint, we drove on into the box canyon, and it opened up into just a large area. It had
runway, some Quonset aircraft hangars and some buildings in the background. You had kind of a
treat area up on the hillside and in some trees around the buildings. The two enlisted, myself and
the flight engineer, were required to stay with the bus and the driver, the rest of the entourage
went on across to the flight line and which was about 100 yards away from us. What was most
interesting about this was the fact that there was a UFO an ET vehicle that was on the on the
ramp.
There were two individuals that the way I would have to describe them that knowing that the
general was somewhere around 5'10" to 6 foot tall, that these people were equally about as tall
as he was. They were an ashen gray. The uniforms that they wore were all one piece and kind of
a metallic light silver. Silver. Silver. Gray colored. I did not see any distinguishing marks, so I
did not see any hair. As far as the. The hands were basically, from what I could see, five fingered
but longer thinner and the neck was longer. And the head was as far as kind of elliptical is the
way I would describe it. And the eyes were not pure oval but kind of like so. And the mouth line
was almost straight across. I could not tell as to whether there was actually any conversation
going on between the parties, but we could see that the whole entourage was around them.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 666, "chars": 3657, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
They went around the space vehicle and it was elliptical shaped and was standing on basically
like three pods. When we this when we got back together again, it was I would have to say about
mid-afternoon we were there for all of about, I'm going to say about 4 hours. I would say that the
excitement level was definitely there. The I had been asked as far as if there were any
conversations going on between the between the members of the party that we had brought there.
Basically, there was nothing discussed on the ride back nor on the air on the flight back. And I
would have to say that my curiosity was definitely up. But protocol required me not to ask
questions and it would have been quite improper of me to do so. The next experience occurred,
I'm going to have to say the following year, and we had the same type of a briefing, same type of
situation. The next experience was the following year we had a similar briefing, similar non-
disclosure statement, and we flew back to Washington and this time we were using a C-118, one
of our four engine aircraft, flew back to Andrews Air Force Base, picked up the contingency,
flew back into Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, picked up a general officer and staff, and we
flew to Los Angeles, picked up some people there out of Air Force space systems there, and then
on out to Hawaii.
We arrived in Hawaii somewhere around midday and we were told that we would get back
together and departing at midnight. So, we prepared and when we left at midnight, we flew for
about 3 hours and 35 minutes and landed. And I told the engineer, I says, we're back in Hawaii,
says. I says nah. Excuse me. I said, We're back in Hawaii. I said, there's nowhere we can fly this
airplane for three and a half hours and land other than Hawaii. Johnson Island was too far away.
Guam was definitely too far away. And so, you know, I said, we're back in Hawaii somewhere.
So anyway, we got off the off the plane. We were all gathered together. We were put on a bus.
We went over to a staging area that we could hear the waves and all like that. And about 6 a.m.,
we were all gathered together on an observation deck, which was basically concrete and block
wall looking to the west. The sun was coming up from behind us, so I knew that we were looking
to the west side of the island and we had been there maybe a half an hour and all of a sudden
right out of the water came this vessel that went up like this. And bam, just like this, hovering up
out of the water about 100 feet off the water.
And it was elliptical shaped and it had a band of light that was that was oscillating on it. And
there was no sound, nothing. You could not hear anything as far as coming from this vehicle, as
far as how it you know, how it propelled itself, whatever, stayed there for a few moments and
then it just instantaneously vanished. And then it came back and then it basically moved up,
down, cross back and then back in front of us and then just back this way and back into the
water. What was interesting about this was that was the fact that both coming out of the water
and going back into the water, it's not like throwing a rock into the water or anything like this. It
was like just cutting right through like a knife, through butter. It was just very smooth transition
into the water. Needless to say, there was a considerable amount of excitement and you could
hear the you know, everyone was talking about it and observations. When we got back on the
airplane and our return trip, nothing in my presence was discussed is who it was, what they were
doing, where this where this vehicle had come from and nor what its purpose was.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 613, "chars": 3499, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Those were basically my two experiences in my as far as in this period of time, I did not have
any other type of encounters to where I physically saw vehicles or saw ETs. But I had a personal
experience that occurred in 1970/1971 and I was stationed down Patrick Air Force Base, Florida,
and one evening I was out fishing on the Banana River and I kind of like qualify something here
as something so that you don't think that me and a bottle of wine or whatever. And I succumbed
to a very nice hallucination. I do not drink. I do not smoke. I've never done drugs in my life. And
I haven't just inhaled. It was a full moon. And as far as that, I've been fishing and I just kind of
laid back and relaxed. And I would have to say that somewhere between 4 to 6 hours, I could not
account for. But what I could account for was an experience that basically I was taking up into
an extraterrestrial vehicle.
And the way I would have to describe this was that I was lying on a platform horizontally and
with my head at this in my feet at this end. And there were three individuals to my left, I would
have to describe them as one taller. And the two just about a head shoulder length shorter, that
they were the same ashen gray color, basically the same shape as far as the eyes, the lip and two
small holes as far as that would be to me, the breathing apparatus. There was light in the room,
but I saw no light fixtures. There was opposite my feet and up on the wall was an emblem that
was just the most beautiful blue I had ever seen. And within the plane of that emblem, there were
three gold stars that were set up like so. And I never felt threatened. I never felt that I had to
worry about my life. I was extremely comfortable and I felt as if I was being conversed with. But
I did not hear anything, as if they were they were taking information from me and that I was
contribute willingly.
And I would have to say that I had no ill feelings. I had nothing at all that would that would or
has affected me to date that I am aware of. I did not share this experience with anyone. And I can
imagine if you ask why, why not? I did not share it with anyone until later in years and I have
done so openly now, especially with the release of more information and then finding out that
after doing some research that we're finding out that there is a large cover up, there is absolute
denial on an international basis, and yet there's too many incidences that we're not that were not
disclosing to everyone that in fact, the extraterrestrials do exist and that there are UFOs. And
then as far as that, there are vehicles that have the capability of movement without sound and
tremendous speeds and things like this. So, yes, I am excited and I am looking forward to being
involved in a full disclosure of these matters.
Unknown interviewer: Have you ever discussed with other colleagues and military colleagues
the nature of this information? Has anyone confided in you similar experiences while in the
service?
; Not while I was in the service. Okay. Other than the fact the information that I
shared with you occurred in Germany and this was where I was dating a Canadian pilot's
daughter down in X. And he had shared with me the facts of chases that they had had and in turn,
some other like when Ramstein, where we were told about some fighters up there that had had
chased vehicles, they could not identify those kinds of things. But as far as personal, personal
sharing and experiences, no, I have not.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 511, "chars": 3036, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Unknown interviewer: Do you feel like you want to include any of the substance of the
conversation with President Kennedy in this videotape at all?
Other than the fact that I feel that what I would like to do is to maintain what is
relative to our subject, which is regarding the extraterrestrials and the fact that, uh, he had asked
me a direct question as to what I felt about it. And I feel that his response back to me was he was
aware it was stated in such a fact that it was positive and that, uh, that's all I can say about it.
Unknown interviewer: Do you think that your conversations with the President had anything to
do with your inclusion in two operations that obviously had similar overtones and objectives?
That would be interesting, but unfortunately, President Kennedy died in 63 and
these two instances were in 65 through 67. So, it was after his time. I think that was the reason
that I was included, was the fact that I was the only enlisted flight steward loadmaster that had a
top hat clearance on it, which was presidential access, and that that security clearance allowed
me to be with kind of dignitaries that I was with at that time. And the nature of the material.
Unknown interviewer: I think it's important to allow viewers to understand that you've served
with several presidents, beginning with President Kennedy.
I served with President Kennedy, President Johnson. I flew with Hubert
Humphrey as far as into Europe in 1967. A number of dignitaries that have been Princess
Radziwill, Robert Kennedy, the Ford family. I've had a number of dignitaries, officer star officer
dignitaries that we have flown that were both national and international. I served with General
as his steward for two years in Europe. I served with General
in Central
South America, stationed out of Panama. I had flown with a number of star officers and with
General
down out of Patrick. I have been called in many times as far as
working with the international dignitaries that were at the presidential level, kings and queens
and various dignitaries.
Unknown interviewer: If you were to characterize the nature of the UFO experience to the
American public and to the world, how would you describe it? Is it beneficial? Is it scary? Is it
something that people should look forward to in their lives personally?
: Oh, all I can say is it was the most phenomenal experience I ever had.
Personally, I think it should be done on a universal basis. I think it should be absolutely open. In
my belief there is one God and that we are all created by him and that as far as that is not just
here, there's too much proof. I've seen it with my own eyes. And yes, I think everyone should
know about it. And if you if you went out there today and I think as the average American off the
street, do you believe that there are UFOs and that there are and Til use the vernacular aliens,
extraterrestrials. I would have to say that better than 60% would say, yes, I believe there are. And
I think it would I think we should have open disclosure.
