{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T23:39:37Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 24, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 881249, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115405-developing-a-global-positioning-for-cseti-project-starlight-coalition-s-announcement-about-ufoextraterrestrial-information.pdf", "source_sha256": "b69c8e00ead8ba6df47035e250f0bc39135fb973888df944cd45390c3429038e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 19, "chars": 187, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Proposal For Research
DEVELOPING A GLOBAL POSITIONING FOR
CSETVPROJECT STARLIGHT COALITION'S
ANNOUNCEMENT ABOUT UFO/EXTRATERRESTRIAL INFORMATION

September 18, 1995

The Wirthilry Group

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 48, "chars": 453, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE WIRTHLAN GROUP
TABLE OF CONTENTS
• INTRODUCTION TO THE PROMOSAL
Organizatich
2 METHODOLOGY
Oyarview :
information Chertues
Fedwark Markers
Summary of Rescarch Approach
Details on Mesyn, Implemenator, and Analysis -
1. ABILITY TO TENFORM WORK
Corporato Capabilies
Research Tran
4 PROARCT SCHEDULE
F PROJECT BUDGET
* GENERAL PHOVISIONS
• • |
Page
..1
1
2
2
5
7
• 7
...8
... 15
15
16
... 19
20
22
CSETI Global Positioning
Roponal - S4plammunt IN. 1904

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2320, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE DIATHLIN
• OROUP
METHODOLOGY
Overview
The Genter for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence: (CSETs a non-profit tax-exempt
research and educational organization uncorporated in the state of North Cardina with
members worldwide. CSET is funded trough charlable donations and memberships and
has an all volunteer staff headed by Intemational Director, Steven M. Gieer, MD
reeds tomory goals are to
i establish a real-time diplomatic and research initiative to contact extraterrestral
civilizations, leading to a sustainable, peacetul and mutually benenctal relationship and
i educate all sectors of numan society about this subject in a credible and non-harmful
manner
lening OSETnas eften in effecting a non-hamll discosure on the UFO/E Tissue in the
near Mature is The Project Starlign Goalion (PSO a voluntary association of researchers,
scientisis, word leaders and concerned citizens Since its inception in July 1993, the PSC
nas developed a strategy to coordinate a nigh level disclosure on the UFO/ETI subject. anc
has successfully been able to bret numerous world gaders Tney have found that wide
consensus exists among senor political, scientific and militaryanteligence ligures lon a
punic acknowledgement of the really of UFOs/ETI.
Together (SET and PSC ersion the process of disclosure to go forward in four phases
• Collection of evidence and the testimony ul senor govertment, multary anti
inteiligence witnesses on the UFO/ET! subject, development of strategy: Suilding
networks and eally pre bretry of semer word leaders.
I Upon linalization of evdance and witness testimony collection. the formal breting
plucess Vali bagt
the brenng procase, l begin jus prut to d prole disclosule.
will be geared towards lie words sent govement scienthe, Guitoral and
religious leaders, and organizalong
in The Public Announcerent wil maude at event covered by the word's media were
the best evidence ingh qually, mutiply winessco UHO/ETI cases, Glidl
documents: pholos, «deo, movies, Diological samples) and wiineases will be
presanted puolicy, making an undomable case for the reanty of UFOs all.
IIV
The Pos! Announcement Cra As tolow-up tu the announcement concerning the
detection of ETI, a continuing ellent ul bullie uducatun, witeres and t-depti
CSET! Global Positioning
Proposal • Septembar 19, 1935
2

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1545, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE
WIRTHLIN
GROUP
INTRODUCTION TO THE PROPOSAL
This proposal contains The Within Group's recommandations for resdarch la Support a
global positioning and communications project for The Center lor the Study of
Extraten estral Intelligence (OSET) pertaining to the joint OSk T/Project Starlight Coalition
(PSC) arnouncement of extiatemestral activity on. Larh. The pomary purpose of the
research is la address CSETUPSO's teed to communicate informalion aboul the existence
of extraterrestrials on earth to the general poolic and govemment and business laders.
whit the mico Suites and around toe word.
Organization
This propusdl is meant to bela working document Includes discussen of why this project
le bang undertaken, how l will be implemented, and how the results can be used in
support of a mutt-laceled strategio commurucations plar To help anderstand how the
trees li logether, We following bulline summarzes the key ports of each section of thas
nihposal
• Methodology: This section provives an overview of our approach lo postuning
researen, identhes the information golecuves for the study, and recommends fieldwork
markets and respondent li concludes with a summary of the research approach and
dotaris on design, unplemenlation, and analysıs
• Ability To Perforny Work: This secon provides an overvew of The Wirl Growu's
unique corporate capabilities Ine secton diso introsucas the research team propused
• Project Budget, This section vulnes the uvesment requed for the pardel,
CSETI Global Positloning
Proposal
Septontier 18, 1995

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2648, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE WIRTHLIN GROUP
briefings will occur This continued educational program is to ensure a calm, erderly
and utmately construchve assimilation of the knowladge that we are nol alone in
the universe and to empower Ihe world community to assure open responsibily
for management of the sulject, thus ending cartent exclusive covert control.
Many of the tasks in Phase I and Il have been completed CSET and PSC are now
looking for assistance for Phase I!!: CSET's decision to select an outside resource to
siralagically, lactically, and creatively provide the expamse needed in guiding CSET/PSO
rough the globa postening process of disclosing information about UFOs/ET indicates
Mat SET/PSC is developing a well thought-out communications strategy that helps to
buld recognton and postive associations with their organizations and the UFO/t If issue
This global positioning research project supports the communications strateyy developmert
process We use the muntary andiogy that an army depends on gond intelligence. As m
the military, the unformation to be generated by this research project should serve several
purpnses:
It should provide guidelines for strategic positloning.
li should provide more tactical intormation on specitie siluations Issues and
geographies which may require special altention.
It should be replidable so that i can nep OSET gauge progress in the fulbre so trot the
program can be modified as prontes dictate.
I should provide information which would be used to counter expected disinformation
currimunicatons campagns by opposing organisatons.
The Withun Group has developed a concepual framework for approaring such an image
assessment effort, as is articulated below.
Managing Image
Whether ornet a company or an associatión actively manages in virtually all organizations
have an aye. This image is not formed solely from & set of hard attroutes conveyed
drecly by the organization. For example. Eastern Europeans, Asans, and Africans who
have limited access to Western market goods have been found to recognize and have
conceptual images ol the tons of Wester consumer cuiture. Goke, Disney, McDonald's,
sto in the US. consumers stopped on the streot and asked if (name al company; were
an animal! what would if bo?" very trequently make assucatioes with companics thal reveal
underlying lages that might or might not relate to that which the companies memselves ty
to project Procter & Gamble goula; Johnson & Julisen teddy beat, eid/ giter
companies are assigned the mage if their industry, or they rheat an image by defau
Bul mage can and should bo managed.
©SETI Global Positloning
Proposal • Sapromber 10, 1995
3

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 276, "chars": 1924, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE WATHLIN GHOU
yve Summarize pustusig mage and how it ought to be applied with the following
atatements,
•A produelcompanyissue's image the set ofydeas and impressions, both rational and
emotional, thal major stakeholder form about the product/compary/issue,
A produc companyissue's image is its personally, or persona.
A "product company issue's personsity" derved from the image should constitute the
essence of a communications strategy, and provide the framework for all
whether on the ovaral levei or for specific
products services comments offered by is individual aris.
Understanding Current Image
By ganny a thorough underslanding of key audiences perceptions of "who CETIPSG Is
and where they stand on the UFO/ETI issue, ine associalion can leverage 1f5 sirengins and
identity where expectations are not being mel in order lo correct perdeptions. Also by
hiderstandiny the competition's agovernmentinternational cover uphusmess proliting by the
historical cover up) strengths and weaknesses, Coe IPSC can petermine dow to positio:
iselts dusition on: Me issue versus the competition.
Bulabüshing this understanding is an important first step in any postonny/mage
coromunications proglam, because helps the orgarization or those commutating Tre
wit it necds to comedicate,
• dum aggressay to communicale, and
*i to whom the communications shoud be targeted
The study's core objectives are io.
1. understand the rational and emolional associations toward UFOs/E It as it relates to
people a lives
this goss beyond just determining awareness and atlaces toward
2 determine attitudes and perceptions aboutussues that are likely lo affect benet oi
UOsETi as CBEIMPSC. makes is presentation of the lacts and endence. and
3 dentify 4unдue ownable positioning for G3C H/P'SO which is mable for getting is
massages out's a systematic, belovable and credible fashion.
CSET Giobal Positioning
Proponni: Raptember 10, 1995
4

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 1967, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE WIRTHLIN GHOUP
The research should also help determina the degree of global consistency in stralegy that is
called for and how much regranal or cultural adjustment is needed
Information Objectives
Thia project will provide intormation that helps CSET/PSO develop a cordinated
communicatuns strategy. Wille The nal mormation agenda will he developed when
CSEMESO authorzes The Wirhin Group to proceed, the following outline provides the
general framework
1 Determine and understand how to improve on tow me FO/ 1 Issue is perceived
today, relative to compettors (ine disinformation campaign agas, the existenne nt
JFÜs), among target autonce subgroups general putlic and goverment and
business leaders)
- Awareness; familiarity, lavorability; strengihs and weaknesses:
2 Identify the underlying molvations which drive current perceptions of UFO/ETIs
which could form the basis for a compelling posilioning
i Undersland differences which exist by region of the globe or ditterent cultures mind
target audience subgroupe lo support the existence of UFO/ETis.
* demity what pulential positiorung(s) and image altebutes wil strategically Strengthen
and dilferaufiale CSET//PSG relative to its competitors (governments, science.
Cuver groups]
= Idently who mutt be the best spokespeople tor OSETIPSC in releasing this
infamnation
The bolter une gujective re lo provide information on pestoning, message ormulaton and
largeting tal can le used lo effechvely compunicate a message lo the general public,
goverment ano business leaders about the existence of UTO/ETs
Fieldwork Markets
In seleuing markers tor the research, we delt i important to considar thie following!
Geographic and cultural diversity. A mix of courtres around the globe, on
different continents, andlin different climales wil maximize the generalizabity orle
research Selecting anarkets with diverse cutural traditioms wal alsolensure than any
CSETI Global Positloning
Proponri - Septomber 18, 1905
5

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 180, "chars": 1157, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"HE WIRTHLIN DROUT
posloning we denve from the research will apply across disparate cultural and
religious groups, and forma of goverment,
With this culena, in mind, here are markets we belleve would be good ones for the initial
research mat is amen at developing a global positioning tor CET/PSG and a statement of
the reasons why that market was selected
United Staten Largest media market in the word Many of the witnesses are lon
the U.S. and much of the evidence has been studied here by our government. The
Ug has a highly developed economy and has a great mix of all types of cultural
and religious backgrounds.
Japan Japaris almosi cenanly the most influental market in the Pache Rim and
offers a cullure that Is extremely dittarent from me U.S. Japan has a highly
developed economy-
Turkey Nommally a European country, Turkeys culture is predomantly both
Mediterrantan and Midde-Eastem in favor. Turkey's has a developing economy,
Brazil Firsily, Brazil is a South Amencan country, with a developed economy with
a distnctively Latino culture and ethos.
Indla Mdia is an Asian country and has the targest Hindu population.
•Prank Sapil Pay 18, Ting

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 251, "chars": 1836, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE WITHIN GROUn
Respondents
For the untral research, we believe it is unportant to sample widely from the vanous
connum alakeholders
Far thus reason we have designed the tist part of the research
(3e0 Detals on. Design section beiow to include the following groups in every markel that
We USE
Business, Government and Other Opinion Leaders in Finance and Media
While tase are separate yroupsin the United States and other simary structured
economies, the lines between the groups may be blurred elsewhere. Individuals in
those positions often occupy either tacilitator or gatekeoper positions in areas where
SETUPSO hopes to communicate its messages. It is crucial to consider their points
of view when developing a global positioning for SETI.
General Public: It is important to gol a mix of demogrannie groups among the
general public such as education, age, income, gender and region
Summary of the Research Approach
Step 1: Develop Global Positioning Alternatives
Planning meeungsidiscussions branstorming win OSETIPSO research team
Finalize Research Design
Step 2. Select Global Positioning (Tentative Design)
3 Qualitative xploratan for positioning developmen .- United States.
• VISTA' (U.S. general publis, goverment and business leaders), and
4. Quantative validalion al the VISTA findings by using the Wirthlin Group's
Natoral Quarum-
5 Presentation discussionuse of results to CSETIPSC research leam
Step 3. Define Implemontation Process - Informaton Holt-out/internallonal
press happening (tentative Design).
5 Review of tsaults/planning for communication uses and implementatica l
quantalive tracking as an ongoing process,
7 Quantiative research to extend learning to a wordwine soope and to
benchmark key audiences (Worldwide general public, goverment and business
CSET: Global Poslioning
Pronopal: Roblember 18. 1995
7

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 2200, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TRE WARTRAIN AREDP
leaders worldwide). (Step 7 is fully dependent on budget restraints and
CSET/PSC desire to gain an internatlonal view of the Issue)-
8. Presentation of quantitative results to the CSET/PSC research earn.
9
Work with OSE T/PSG to assist in adjusting, communicating and Implementiny
findings internally and extemally
Details on Design, Implementation, and Analysis
Whenever faced wilh global research needs, the issue of scupe must always le addressed
The Wirthin Group has developed a reserich design, which will upütride the necessary
püsitioning requitements on a global scale, but without the need to do interviewing in every
country, bullding on prior research to the extent possile. Again, & global scope wil of We
taken i CSER/PSC chooses to lake that douse of action.
We take chosen to address the postonog issue on ä regional Less, Whereby selectng mey
Countres in eech reglon to represent Mat area. We leel mis design wil tellect the dested
level of coverage rogured geographicay in arder to develop a wotemue pusiliping al A
regional level without creating an overly massive research undertaking,
VISTA™* Worldwide
Values (VISTA') reseanch will be conductedito carty our underslanding el underiving
motivations: of members of the general public and goverment and business leaders with
regard to the UFO/ETI issue We recommend that interviews of conducted in the United
States, cine country in the European region Qurkey, one country in the Pacific Fine region
flapan,, one countryts central Asia findal and one country fram am emerging regim la
Bouth Amenca (Braziy. Further discussion with the CSEPSO team may dantity
acdilignal or alternative countries far this key pnase of researen.
Philosophy
the lollowng proples are used by The Within Group for the development of a strategi
cap munications program. Since they are an integral part of our study, our issearcr rosults
vill audress each point
Fist, inessages do nol operale i a vacuum Messagos mist be evaluated ni hytil
alruner competing messages and the strengins ofather compensors
Sacond, a stategy snoute build upon any posive impressions Wat cumontly exist
CSET Global Positioning
Proprant - Saptambar tH, 1905

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 311, "chars": 2092, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Third. the strategic positioning for communicalion of an organization a positen mural
De broad anough to endure over a long pericd of time and under a variety of
Fourtti, the communication strategy must be consummer deven, Farget sudlerce
research provides us with knowledge of audience concerns as they are expressed
Ly the audien
Fitth, the communication strategy should not oversell However, the strategy Lin
and should raise the asprational levels and the strengths of the communicator
among target at diences
Sixth, the communications strategy should be unified, despite a vanely of audiences,
channels, and programs, in other words; is various executions must be based upti
a common strategic underpinning that will resonate with all stakehokter groups
• Finally, the communicaton strategy must not be easily countered by the moden of by
competitors It must be built to withstand hestife fire
The Wirthun Group has developed an approach which assts clients in a stratego
communications assessment. The basic philosophy of the Values In STrateg: Assessment
¡VISTA", approach is as follows.
There are 20-25 personat values which drive behavior in humanity and sver tew
These values include, bul are net limited lo. self esteem, personal security, sell
preservation, eternal salvation, love of family and peace of mind, etc
We must identify the personal values. that are most dominant i dring balavict for
a giver decision (such as whether one believes in UFO/ETs),
* We must also Identify the tangible aspects of the idea offered which drive Liese
personal values and the consequences or bonelts which result from the tangible
We can then understand the "pathways of thought" whch duve benarit
By postoning an idea which triggers these moortant "pathways of thought of
"perceptual orientations" .. and -. by communicating to audiences in a way that
friggers these important personal values, we can actually aftect the audiences
choice and behavior Furthermore, We can so this information to drive decisions
*иd costions a the future
OSETI Global Posttioning
Prisponal- Suptombre 18. 1995

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 324, "chars": 2112, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE WIRTHLIN GROUP
Melhod
The data collection technique is calied VISTA"/Values Interviewing. These are intensive,
in-depth. one on-ane interviews.
They are conducted by Within Group interviewers who
are skilled in psychological intervewing techniques Throughout the interview, a process
referred to as "laddering" is used to identify each respondent's pamways of ought. For
example, the interviewing protocel may include a question such as:
"What do you consider to be the most important aspect of the UFO/ETI
disclosure:?"
the interviewer records the differences cited, then uses probes to develop a "ladder", For
example, let's say that a respondent feels that SETI/PSC has provided them information
which allows them to make up their own mind on the lsdue.
The merewer would use probes such an the following.
Tell me more about "being able to make up your own mind on the issue."
Is it an important issue to you?
What difference does it make to you personally?
Why is this an important issue in your lifa?
A hypolelical duder might be as fellows
Alrinure: ( Tangible Aspeci)
"Release of intormation about extraterrestrials "
Consequences/Banali's
"Maybe:we can leam from them: We might make
new/innovative/startling scientific discoveres which might
vastly improve the medical field! We could find cures to many
diseases We would be able to Ave better and feel more
healthy."
Value
i leel better about my life: 1 can do more with my tome
heve peace of mind!"
(Values triggered = Secunty, Accomplishment. Peace al Mird)
Importartly. it is not the end point (value) which alone is consequential. Instead, it is
lentifying the entire set of dominant linkages (attributes to consequences/benefits to
values) which is critical and which will ald in the development of an effective
Communications strategy
i the above hypothetical example were in be a dominant (re. frequently cited) ladder in the
researtli versus the competton, we would recammend that OSET/PS incorporate ll in e
values-driven postening/communication. Our philosoptiy is thal values driven
==
CSETI Global Positioning
Popotal September 10, 1005

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1640, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE WIRTHLIN GROUP
communication should enable the communicator to "persuade by reason and motivate
with emotion," Todd su, one would do the following based on the hypothetical example
"'apvanton an ather rammunication. expicly denunsate the attroutoc pro
onsequences (benefits) of the revelation of being able to cure disease and sav
lives
Implicitly convey emotional consequence of less worry and the underlying values of
Sucily, Accomplishment Peace of Mind Visual cues can be effective in
communicating these underiving dimensions.
Each inerview is expected to last 1 - 1/2 hours in order to collect the information needed
Sampling
Gwen the intensitv and depth of the interviews and the quantitative rigor of the analysis, sur
experience shows that conducting 15-20 interviews per audience category, queues a
numben of locations, provides adsyuate linkages interpretariane for eacn targat audience.
ent country. Munaval, because win want to start in the lnited States where are messag
vould probably onginate and be soutinized first, wo propuse that more intrviows be don
in the US. Below is the number of interviews by target audians and sue location,
U.S.
Sample
Japan
Sample
turkey
Columbia Indie Total
Sample
Sample Sample
Target
Audionce
reneral Fubht 40
Goy/Bus Laaders Ai
15
15
15
15
15
15
15
100
100:
Liner deras legending the methodology folfow
Recruding is carefully controlleci to ensure profiles which conade with actual population
• Amphorane
iraining
Interviews wilbe conducted uponew two locatione ln overseas countres and un up fr
tree orators in the United State,
=
CSETI Global Positoning
Forbura!
Amatect on those
11

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 325, "chars": 2210, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
this pre-test to evaluate and refine the interviow protocol and process.
Though olent observation is always encouraged after the pre-test during the actual
Interviewing phase, The Within Group reserves the right to be present with observers ar
all such unrences. It requestod, additional time, travel cosis. and laulities' clangos
will bo added to that phase of the pruject.
• Once the intervewing is completed, we recommend holding a do-breting session with the
interviewers to obtain their lupul nd" reaponaco to tho information thay lamert
Typieslly this worke hast in a face-to-lane meeting. but a conference call could be
establshed as well,
Analysis
At the conclusion of the values recearch, CSET/PSC wili have a very thorough and complete
understanding of target audiences perceptions about the UFO/ETI issue One of the primary
deliverables for this researen will be comprehensive Valuds mape These maps depict thie
damment pathways of thought with regard to how consumers think about OSETI/PSC.
sutraterestrals and the affect of this intormation on their dally lives, reigious Delete
ano the
govettimaril
• These maps reflect the assoclations consumers make when selecting or tankin about
extraterrestrials. The association will provide guidance for how best to build
CSETS's positioning Ly tapping into the attributes and beratits which are important
o ine target audler The dascosmont will alco address communicatinns issues
inclustry recommendations for a communications strategy (and message elements)
which will be most effective in motivating audience support (based on the values
laddering).
• A byprurtant of this procegs will also be a detered lexicon, preving sign as to how
respondents think about and amiculate their feelngs about UFOs and ETe.
After the conclusion of this phase of research, OSET/PS will have the elements critical to
the development of an ingematonal positioning.
An assessment of the critica drivers toward pelet of extraterrestrals on a global
basis
" An Assasant of altonative positioningo.
in total. these intormation components will be wond to develop and aupport the global
positioning imperatives for SETIPSG.
CSETI Global Positioning
Prupani Soprembar If 1092
12

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 271, "chars": 1937, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE WIRTMLIN GAGOR
Quantitative
Quantitative research will then be used globatty, completed first in the U.S., to further define
awareness and perceptions of extraterrestrials and to provide a benchmark against which
target audiences can be trackedun the future.
Purpose
The objective of the quantitative research is to provide an ongoing process to validate and
extend our knowledge of SETI/PS's messages with qualitled respondents throughout the
world to determine the best, most motivating, and most relevant positioning for bringing out
CSETIPSC's information about extraterrestrială. This phase of thre research, when
Lon bared with data from the VISTat
nhase will also provide a benchmark for subsequent
tracking of SETUPSG's communtuations.
Specile objectives of this research are as follows:
1 To quantity targot audience awarness and bercections of extraterrestrisis,
2. To define the specific elements which drive laryl aules persepliano st
extraterrestrials and the opposing views.
3 To assesa similarities and differences beiween and against public perceptions from
ditterent areas of the globe
* To identily the positioning which will have he most salience for CSET/PSC in terms
of believability of their information about extraterrestrials.
5. To benchmark, these opinions and attitudes with metrics that can be tracked in
subsequent research to assess CET's positioning and communication efforts.
Method
In the initiat phase of research, we recommend including a number of metries designed to
quantity the key elements of communicating thie extraterrestrial Issues to the public. As
mentloned earlier. these results will be used in the design and implementation of subsequent
phases of research. We will work with CETIPSC to ensure that the selected
measurements provide a valid and comprehensive basis for benchmarking public perceptiun
DA communication clements.
CSETI Global Poaltioning
Рзрова| - Saplember 18 1995*
13

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 271, "chars": 1984, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE WIATELIN QRQUP
Implementalion
To quantify, benchmark, and track perceptions deyond the values phase of research, we will
uso the Wirthlih Group's Nallional Quorum. A shared cost omnibus telephone survey whict
Ils rumvice a menth. This survey has a sample size of 1000 and is inly representative ot
the U.S. population. We would expect to ask approximately 15 closed-and questions and 2
open-ended questions
II OSETI/PSO chooses to validale the VISTAIM findings internationally: we would use a
quantitative methodology known as Q-Sort. Survey methodologles in these other countrigs
require an in-person, one-an-one approach.
What is Q-Methodology?
Q-Methodology was developed in the 1950's by William Stephenson, a psychologist who was
eludying family dynamics. Q-Methodology has two components Q-Factor Analysis and Q-
Sort, the method of collecting the data
Unlike tha more famlliar R-Factor Analysis, which collapses across respondents fer various
measures taken ahone point in time. G Factor Analysis produces factor scores foreach
respondant burgo all factora, idi, collepaing durés ioaugo fur tesponderits taken ariono
pont in time Importamiy, other methods of analysis may also be used with data collected
using the O-Sort technique
O-Sort allows respondents lo simultaneously evaluate a large number of objects (concepts)
in terms of two anchoring concepts Through a sequential sorling process, respondents
arrange these items in a quast-normal distribution. For analysis purposes, numerical valtes
are assigned items or groups of items. Through careful selection of the tems to. ba
soned, varous hypothesis can be tested using multivariate analyses: Because successive
sorts, ether by different respondents of by the same respondent using diffarent concepts,
produce dentice distributions - squal means and standard deviations - It ts very easy to
make compansons auross respondents, items, and anchoring concepts
CSETI Global Positioning
Proposal - Septamber 18; 1995
14

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 319, "chars": 2272, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE
WIRTHLIN
ABILITY TO PERFORM WORK
Corporate Capabilities
Since ile inception In 1069, The Wirthlin Group has conducted research for many of
America's largest corporations, including over 50 Fortune 100 firms. While well known for
political polling, the firm primarily serves corporations, industry associatons, non-profit
organizations, government organizations, consulting tims and advertising agencics. Tha
Wirthlin Group has completed approximately 7,000 rescarch projects to date.
Why Wirthlin?
While we hope that this proposal and the associaled discussions provide testimony to Wity
The Within Group represents the ideal research partner tor OSETI on. this undertaking, we
want to brielly summanze those aspecis of our corporate persona thal make this so
1. We are experts in positioning research. The Within Group has been a pioneer in the
use of atitude research lo model corporate and organizatonal image We have
successfully conducted projacts similar to the current one for over 80 organizalions
and individuals. Wa utilize innovative research techniques lo identify underlying
motivations which go far beyond traditional survey methuds.
2. We are experts in multi-country research. The Wirthlin Group has conducted
numerous studies which span five or more countries: We develop alliances with the
best research companies across the world and work closely with them to ensure that
studies we have conduced are included in this proposal.
3: We achers to the highest quality standards. In fact. The Wirthlin Group was selecter
by the Amencan Quality Foundation as a rassarch partner.
4. We help our clients. Our capabilitles gu beyond simply conducting research: rather.
we work with our clients before and after the research is conducted to aselst in
implementaton, internat and external communication and orner important components
which will impact the total success of the program
8. Our slatf. represents a wide range of talents and experlence In order to provite our
clients with & bibed understanding of image and positloning, our staff members come
from a vanety of disciplines. Including marketing, intemational sifalis, economies,
advertising, psychology, politics publishing, and others.
- -
-
CSETI Giobal Positioning
Proposal : Saprember 18, 1945

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 395, "chars": 2807, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE WIRTHLIN GROUP
Research Team
The hey merber of the lesearch team indude Di dames A Hoskie, Di. Julg Nurtun,
James Granger. and Chris Moessner. Dr. Richard B. Wirthlin and Dr. Tom Reynolds will be
available for strategic advice throughout this research program.
Members of the team are predominantly from the Communications and Marketing Tean ai
The Wirelin Group. John Norton ts from our "think tank" organization, Wirthlin-Reynolds.
and wil actively participate in the design and analysis of the values research.
Other research staff members and technical specialiets of The Wirthlls Group will be Involved
al appropriate stages. To aid the process, The Within Group will provide schedule updates
and progress reports throughout the project.
Dr. James A. Hoskins, Vice President will serve as the principal investigator for CSETI's
research program and will be responsible for the overall management of the project leam
and their research activities, dim has more than twenty-two years of experence in designing
conducting, and leading technical, cross-funetonal research studies, providing policy advice
to senior gövernment and corporate leaders.
Since Joining The Wirthlin Group in 1989, Jim has designed and directed more than 120
separate studles for corporate and government clients and has acted in liaison with a number
of public relations and advertising firms. Jim has conducted studies that focus on
erytonmental issues, agricultural policy and product positioning, corporate image modeling.
advertising design and testing, emplayes studies, and customer satisfaction
• Jim Is the Program Manager for computer assisted telephone interview (CATI) studies:
conducted with Department of Defense employees through an indefinite quantities
contract with the Uniled States Ait Force, From 1990-1994, he was alsu lue curpurate
point-of-contact for the Master Agreement with the United States Postal Service to
perform customer satistaction and markating research,
• Jim was selectedity the American Quality Foundation to lead a joint The Wurtin Group
The University of Michigan effort lo design and prototype the American Customer
Satstaction Index
• As part of The Wirthlin Group executive team charged with developing a major
sommunicaton straiegy for an industry leader, Jim participated in the design and
analyses of surveys among goverment representatives, corporale leaders, and the
general public in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, and France. The focus:ol
the communication strategy was Intemational corporate reputation and international trade
Issues
•Most recently, um has conducted research to help set strategic direction and
communications supporting public affairs and corporale advertising. Current television ad
CSETI Global Posittoning
Proposal - September 18, 1995
16

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 3021, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
encyketat de gas helded develop indlude Chemiat Tvianufar lurers Asouviatiun,.
American Plastics Council, and a major paper and forestry products company.
• Jim has bean the principal investigator for a number of multi-language paper and pencil
suiveKs
• In addition, Jim was the principal investigator for a major chemical company's customer
salisfaction study. The study invelved telephone interviews, tocused-group discussions,.
and in-person interviews with management, workers, and customers. The overall
, abjentiun af han suty wan io Aurildio din bompany'n hurinor unit maagy tor Malacin
Baldrige National Qualty Award as the crema to gauge success.
Jim allended the Linited Staten Air Force Academy, where he was awarded e Bachelor of
Scenoo degree in Economics He has received a master of Arts degree in sconomics tram
the University of Califoma al Los Angeles and a Doctorate of Philosophy mh Econonhus: witt
a minor in Industrial Engineering from lowa State Universily. His areas of specialization
indlude intemational trade and finance, econometrics, and agricultural tinance.
im was a member oi the National Academy. of Sciences. National. Research Gouneil.
Committee on. Military Enlistment Standards from 1991-1994, and he is a charter member of
The Conterence Board's Council of Human Resources Executives. He is published in e:
number of professlonal joumale and iş coguthor dllan award poing book examimny
recruting and manning alteratives for the Uniled States Air Force
Dr. John Norton, Vlee President of Wirthlin-Fcynolds will assist in the design and
analysıs of the Values research.
F t ta p tun Wir fers ds s prose JUl Nott selved Un
the faculties of George Mason University's Sottool of Business Administration, the Graduate
School of Business of the University of Chicago, and the Darden Graduate School at the
University of Virginia, At those schools, he taught industrial and Governmental Marketing,
Marketing Management, and Marketing Research His research into aspets of industral
markeing management appears in such pumals as Management Science, Marketing
Science, Sloan Management Review: IEEĘ Transactens on Engineering Management, and
The internatinnal inumal of Forarasting He was tha raceriniant in 1987 of the Institute of
Manageme Duernes di"t O.O. Md Atror dul Me deal Naptr Me Baw bl tenkd
science, In addition to his scholarly research. he s the author of numerous cases and
technical noles, and cu-author of a set oi courseware entitled Advanced Multivarate
Statistics for Marketing Managers. His leaching awards include the First Wachovia Award lor
Excellence in 1989 and the GMU MBA Association's Outstanding Teacher Award in 1994.
Jobti has exteneive management development oxperlence, particularly in thie area of
business-lo-business marketing management, Aclive in GMU's pilot axecutive development
programs wilhi: OSETI, he served as a designer, discussion factator, and faculty leader tor a
rumber of those programs.
CSETI Global Poltioning
Propouel - September 16, 1895

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 508, "chars": 3522, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE NATALIN GROHO
PROJECT SCHEDULE
We are prepared lo start this assignment when authorization is given. Our ability io
complete the program ul researn will be ted lo CSET/PS's ability to raspond at crifical
Junctures in the schedule, as noted Also; the schedule will have to werk around the
availably of our highly trained, prolessional, interviewers and the holiday seasons as they
are celobraled around the world. Barring these issues. we anticipate the VISTA™ and
quantițative research will be comploled within 4 months.
GLOBAL POSITIONING
THE WIRTHLIN ARGUE
John's stills and eepedenue ralevant to the current project include familiarity with fuels
Jubricants, and distilates marketing. specitically with regard to CSETI. and generally with
rogerd tothe petroleum mdustry. tus work with advertising assessment, academic studies
involving mathematical modaling of distribution systems, executive development projects, and
economic studies with applications to governmental pollcy. In 1991, be and Alan
Bechenslein, an economist al the University of Virginia, conducted a study under the
sponsorshup of the Virginia Peroleum Council Their findings. published in "A Report to the
Jont Subcommittee studying Retal Divorcement and Representalive Offering Legislation,"
were osed to defuse pending divorcement legislation in Virgirun and elsewmere,
fond tamed a degro i Psychology irom the University of North Texas, and his MS and
Ph Din Management Scence wth a ming in Slapstes at the University of Texas at Dallas
Chris Moessner, Research Manager, wilt assist the primary research investigator in
coordmanny lhe dally rasks: Chris wil also assist in the design of he insuments, sampling.
fieldwork. data processing, analysis, report writing
Chrs has successlilly drected over 50 separate slueles and nas played a key role in studies
for corporate and association clients His focus is corparate communicatong, customer
salisfaction product development, and omployee and community issues. Mr Moessner nas
ser five years of expenience bonusty telephone focus groups, and in person intervinws
Clins has expunene witti several corporate communcaton projects where strct tmennes
mero adhere to i order to prescal Tenely, actonable results in addition. Chris has
conducted alphasen at'a boreal nationwide values and compuler assisted telephone
surveya dun The Chernical Mamuldturers Association, the Amencan Plasties Counci, and a
leading tuesty and pup abducts cmpany Chus also has experence n the health
insurance, boat cary, artuntma dustries.
Crap cared evergadhale degrees un both Soodlogy and Marketing from Roanoke
Collego
Field Services
te Worry Group will work with a local market rustarch cumpany in each city teountry).
Our in house hold cordation stall, headed by Phyllis Rundquist, has extensive expenence
wit old service around the wotld and routinely selects services on the tues of ther
general expense coupied wilt the caperence and lamarty with the specific type of
marketing research being requdsled In addition, all cumpanies are well-respected for their
nonesly and trement of contential pomalion. Communication with the U.S. is facilitated
by the Eriglish fluency of senor research personnel of all non-English speaking countries.
Addilionally, The Within Group has senior professionals who are tient in French, German,
Spanish Japaneso, and Turkish: Phyllis and her statf are our dally laison with each of the
field services we use for research.
CSET! Global Positioning
Propamal : September 18. 1995
18

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 154, "chars": 1225, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
compiete the program at research will be tied to CSE TIPSC's ability to respond at critical
junctures in the schedule, as noted. Also, the schedule will have to work around the
avarabilty of our highly tramed professional, interviewers and the holiday seasons as they
are celebraled around the world Baring these issues, we ancipate the VISTA™ and
quandalve research will be completed within 4 monihs.
GLOBAL POSITIONING
VISTA™" and QUANTITATIVE
Cumulative y
Week Number
1
23
3-4-5
67
8-4-10
12: 15
18
EXTERNAL AUDIENCES
EMPLOYEES
Meeting/Develop Alternatives
Screener development
Screener approval
Fleld preparalion
Recruting
-
Develop protocol and quesionnaires
Protocol Questionnaire revisions
Protocol/Questionnaire approval
Frotocol/Questionnaire refinement/translating
Interviewer trairing bmeling
Distbution of paper & pénui questionnare
Values and in-person interviewing
Questionnaires being filled out and relumed
Values and in person interviewing
Translating
Interviewer debriefing
Gade building Coding
Dala entry
Initial data processing
Oode collapsing
Map generation analysis
VISTA™ and Quantitative rexearch
premary presentation
FINAL PRESENTATION
Stategic Imperatives & Positioning
Preparat Spat has ta ning
19

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 166, "chars": 1256, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE WIRTHLIN GROUP
PROJECT BUDGET
Global Positioning (VISTA™)
and
Quantitative (In-Person)
Tusk
VISTA*/Quantitalive Research in United Statee
VISTA" teidwork and anaiyais
VISTA* validator/quantitalive in US
Cost Estimates
$127,800
$ 27.500
$ 20.000
It SETIPSC requests an International Valldation
Internaliunal Coprdination]
Quantilaovo validation of VISTA:*
findings by country
Japan
Toirkry
India
Bradl
$ 58,500
'$ 24,500
$ 35,700
$ 28.000
Full report of Findings/Presenlation of lindings
$ 12.500
Note The total cost estimate will he based on the selection of countries lur he VISTA"
and quantitative research. All United Stales-based coss are subject lo & plus un
nunus 10% contingency and a 20% contingency is placed on all overseas: based
costs
These cosis assume the up-front planning meetings as well as weekly updates, a preliminary
presentation, and a presentation (to a larger audience) to overview the lindings and
implicatons. Additional meetings. work sessions or presentations will be bifled at houtiy
This price quolation will remain valid for 00 days from the daie of the proposal Travel
expenses will be billed separately at cost Estates of travel costs wil be provided upon
guest
CETi Globai Podilloning
Pennosal - Septembur 10; 1995
20

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 111, "chars": 709, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE WINTHLIN GROUD
The foreign components to these separate research steps are subject to varances in
exchange rates. Its agreed that verances in exchange rales will be reevaluated by both
parties al the time of authorization of each phase.
The With Group will Submit and Client will pay invoices according to: The Within Group
standard policy sixty percent (60%) upon authorization of each phase of the project and
forty perdent (40%) upon delivery of final materals lor that phase: Should either party cancel
the projector any reason al any une. The Wrtin Group shall only ivorce for services
porfumod on the project up to the point of cancallation
CSETt Global Positioning
Proposal - September 18, 1995
21

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 408, "chars": 2530, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE'WIRTHLIA GROUP
GENERAL PROVISIONS
The resaaron price and timing commitments fem The Within Group on this study are based upon the delatis
summatized in this proposal Inched in the researen pride are two questionnaire revisions and one tewsion ol
the grat or the hal repod, Changes in project debrition could necessitate budget and schedule revisions Any
oranges louts agreement shall been walng and signed by authorized representalives of both The Wirtun
Group and ine Chen Notwistang the above, the Chant provides tor granges for a thid party to provide)
¡he sample to be used forge research re be conducted, Glent agrees to rembuse The Wirthin Group tor all
adatiena costs incurred by The Within Group as a resull of erroneous or ecomplete sample tornation or
Mes lo thalextent me sample intormation or Mles are not cons sent wintre defined sample specificallons
Outwrik for Clans is always conducted on a contentel basis and we inal all normation developed for the
BAsreguneasy The Code diStandaris of the Councy of Annencan Suvey Resnare Organgamnes (CASHO).
we meanina anonymmly elour responuents Watermann wil beveleased that any way might eveal the
te thily si testador
Grent may show any repon produced by The Within Grout in its emitely to interested partes, prouded
however high any reproduction of any panto The Within group stepon for use dude the Chemt is subject to
The warm Group's pupper approval Theresendings and report prepared by the Wussin aroup 3n
cecame CST shallpete proper el LSE Te Wit Group agrees colto use ma malermanen lovery
hugh intonmetino prov ded terendet mil be based span osten and protessional sampling mierewing and
analytical rode ardectinguts, The Within Stop Shabn under this contract, any, shall be lited to acts
alignuss negligence and shall be funherlmedito the reseamh price and in particular The Within Groun Shall
WinnIE Gree from any and an gros wick may de brought yard pades argurg out of spy saves
The Withho Cardup May dapnse al the nterven iteratis generated thra chuect six months alter compiener of
the sudy uness Gent specially teques inhense in anting
MILeS SeAT and elbeg meres for due cate the dare s pop and png tall penns 11 412% Wer
Shouldany depute wRaSdev are between The Wintm Compand the Client winders Can tract bett,
Ane WinSoup i nocessars and gove medio the purs of the men apatra Associaion, whose
deston ManGe Inal and bang upon pompanies Funkier, delosing party snail beer air boss of any such
CSETI Global Positloning
Proposal - September 18, 1995
22
