{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T23:12:50Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 859081, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115549-cseti-rapid-mobilization-investigative-team-mission-to-monterrey-mexico-12-11-12-16-1994.pdf", "source_sha256": "2e7c7c4571f29da401e2bc03b2ce739db1f523284339f5b7d204b7fa60c3470b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2388, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
CSETI RAPID MOBILIZATION INVESTIGATIVE TEAM (RMIT)
MISSION TO MONTERREY, MEXICO
DECEMBER 11-16, 1994
By:
101995
After seeing a tape of a "Hard Copy" program showing an active wave of UFO
activity in Monterrey, Mexico - the third largest metropolis in Mexico - we made an effort to
contact the researcher who had taken those videos. Santiago Yturria is a thorough researcher
and skilled videographer who, along with Diana Perla Chapa, the host of a popular live talk
show on Mexican network television, has had a UFO group for over 20 years in the state of
Nuevo Leone.
Dr. Steven Greer, international director of CSETI, activated the RMIT to Monterrey
to investigate this current flap. Santiago, Diana, and the entire Ovni Club of N.L. assisted
us, took us to sites, shared their evidence and graciously welcomed us to Monterrey. Dr.
Greer, myself, a woman from New York and a man, also a videographer, from Minneapolis
made up the CSETI team.
Lucid dream activity played a significant role in the events that unfolded in
Monterrey. Three of the team had dreams that proved to be portents of happenings on this
project. I had a dream in the early hours of December 13th. In it, the extraterrestrials were
showing us the spot where we should come in order to have a meeting with them. They
showed me aerial views, in stop motion - each one closer to the ground - and marked the site
with a strobing turquoise laser pattern. They showed me a view from the ground, looking up
at some steep peaks, and showed it to me both in day and nighttime views. The night view
revealed two stars in a particular configuration over one of the peaks. That very atternoon,
Santiago and his friends drove us to Las Mitres mountains, well known as an area of many
sightings of UFOs. As we approached, it dawned on me that it was identical to what I was
shown in my dream. We decided to use the spot as our field research site that night. When
we came to Las Mitres (so named because the mountain peaks resemble a bishop's miter hat)
that night, the two stars were indeed in the sky in the same position as I had seen in my lucid
dream.
The CSETI team had observed some anomalous objects in the sky at two different
sites on the nights of December 11th and 12th, but the next two nights, the 13th and 14th at
10:45 pm, very dense clouds materialized within a minute on parts of the sheer mountain
cliffs.
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 653, "chars": 3813, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
At approximately 1:00 am, Dr. Greer and another team member were standing
slightly down the gravel road when they observed a bright, strobe-like white light to appear
at the edge of the mountain. At about the same time, I had gotten up and walked closer
towards the brush at the base of the mountain. Dr. Greer looked for me to tell me of the
strobe light and found me at the spot where it had appeared. As we stood there, another
round light came rolling down the side of the steep slope. Just then, I felt some invisible
energy that felt as if it were gently pulling me in deeper to the brush. Both Dr. Greer and I
felt there was a presence nearby that, from past experience, led us to feel there was a
spacecraft and extraterrestrial beings very nearby.
Just then, I began to perceive small, square-shouldered beings in the brush around us.
They could be sensed and dimly seen, but a clear view of them wasn't possible. Dr. Greer
sensed the same thing, the same descriptions. The little beings were extremely shy and
reticent. They would scurry close to us, then backtrack quickly into the brush. We could
not hear any brush moving or footsteps but we could dimly see them. To me, they seemed
to have on uniforms that covered their body and legs that were a dull orange-rust color.
They were very short, just up to my knees (I am 5'7"). I became aware of a telepathic
message - they were concerned about our video camera, behind me to the right. I turned my
head and looked. Sure enough, unknown to me previously as I had not seen it in the dark,
was our teammate's professional camera set up on a tripod. I send back the mental message
to them not to worry, the camera wasn't on and we wouldn't let him touch it. I related this
two-way communication to Dr. Greer, who went back to the other three people and instructed
them to stay where they were unless he called them forward. These rich, rare exchanges
with what appear to be extraterrestrial life forms are very delicate scenarios. Any sudden,
rash or extreme emotion or movement can thwart the entire event and bring it to a screeching
halt, and the extraterrestrials vanish. Sometimes our second-guessing of what is needed to
allow an event to unfold in all its possible fullness is accurate; sometimes it is not. It is
almost like hesitant dance partners, longing but afraid to get closer. Until we as a people are
more accepting of close contact with extraterrestrials, our interactions are likely to continue in
this way.
I could mentally 'hear' concerned conversation going on amongst the small beings.
They eventually conveyed to me the message, again mentally, that they were having difficulty
adjusting our energies in preparation for a meeting because my physical energy was
concentrated on my stomach, trying to digest some food. Just before all this began, I had
eaten about a half of a Power Bar, a dense protein energy food. It was cold and hard from
being in my gear bag for hours and I could feel it kind of just laying in my stomach. At this
point, I sent a very deliberate message to the life forms: I give you permission to take it out
of my body. Suddenly, I felt as if someone were standing some distance away with a fishing
line whose hook was inside my stomach. It felt as if someone were slowing reeling in the
line as the food came back out the way it went in. Now, I detest vomiting more than almost
anything and I was struck by the gentleness that was used in removing this food from my
body. It was only mildly unpleasant. Dr. Greer, an emergency physician, asked me if I was
alright. I told him that I was fine and that this was being done with my permission. After
this little purging, the energy felt softer, with less intense vibration.
Soon the little beings sent both Dr. Greer and I the message that if we removed our
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 670, "chars": 3798, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
glasses, we would be able to see them better. Although I normally use contact lenses, glasses
are preferable for field work when wind and dust often gets blown into my eyes, plus the fact
that we are often in the field until the wee hours of the morning. After receiving this
message, we each removed our glasses. One last request from the little ETs - that we
remove our hats (it had been a chilly night.) At this point, I could actually feel a harmonious
flow of energy between us, the little beings, and some other unseen source.
At this point, the small life forms disappeared. Shafts of golden light began to come
from an unknown, unseen source and lay across the bushes in front of us. We learned later
that the three other team members behind us could see this as well, although they had not
been able to perceive the small beings. I could feel one of these shafts of light approach me
and fill my torso with a warm, golden glow. After the light rays faded, a large oval of
bluish fog began to form about ten feet in front of us. As the blue mist began to coalesce,
Dr. Greer and I became aware of a being within it. Although again we could see him only
dimly, he appeared very humanoid, tall, with long and straight silverish hair. He appeared to
be clothed in a light blue and silver uniform. We learned later that one team member saw a
tendril of the blue fog travel along the ground towards her. It frightened her a little until the
mist reached her foot and began to send wisps around her feet. She later told us that there
was a gentle kindness about the fog and all misgivings vanished. However, our American
friend who was not an actual team member became very frightened by the golden light and
blue fog. We learned later that it was all too much for her - something the extraterrestrial
would tell us. For as we stood there facing one another, the tall being sent us a message that
they would very much like to manifest more fully in the physical to meet with us, but that if
they did so, one of our team members would be dangerously frightened. Their caution and
concern were touching. It is important, and interesting, to note that both Dr. Greer and
myself received nearly identical mental messages each time there was a communication from
the extraterrestrial.
Dr. Greet and I consulted one another and decided to send a joint message. We told
the tall being that if they could not come to us, it was okay with us if they could take us to
where they were. We could sense this was being discussed with a 'central command
control', or his more senior team members. Dr. Greer and I saw a copper-gold sphere, ten
to twelve feet in diameter, begin to coalesce to the left of the tall being. It never reached
material solidity but soon began to disperse. The tall being then sent us a message that it
would frighten our teammates just as much to see us disappear in front of their eyes as it
would for the ETs to manifest right there.
At this time, we had no idea that any member of
our team was having difficulty coping with these events.
Finally, after what seemed like a few moments, the tall being sent us a message that
they would not be able to manifest fully in the physical this night. But they sent a message:
"soon again; soon again"
'. At this point, Dr. Greer went back to speak with the other team
members and I stayed put. For the next five minutes, the being and I exchanged blessings to
each other, to our teams. It was poignant and lovely. I cannot recall any of the actual
"words' or specific communications; it was not a left-brained exchange, but was beyond the
bounds of linear thought.
When I joined the others, I learned that our American friend had become extremely
frightened, so much so that she had taken refuge in our vehicle. We had designated the big
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 658, "chars": 3783, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Suburban as the 'safe area". We do this on all our field research - setting aside a specific
enclosure that any team member can go to if unfolding events prove fearful to them. In fact,
it is our policy to send a 'buddy' along, who remains with them the entire time they wish to
stay in the safe area. We divide into buddies at the beginning of our field session so that
each team member is accounted for, and accountable, at all times. She told us that if she had
seen anything more from the ETs, she would have run screaming down the mountainside.
Her reactions impressed upon us the importance of training for each team member. It served
as a strong reminder to us to be more stringent in adherence to our policies regarding
untrained guests who wanted to join our field work.
Much to my surprise, Dr. Greer and I learned from our teammates that we had been
standing there, exchanging communication with the extraterrestrials, for nearly two hours.
We both thought no more than thirty minutes had elapsed. By this time, it was nearly 3:00
am, so we broke camp and went home.
The following day was a busy one with an appearance on Diana Chapa's live TV
show in the morning, a field trip to another site in the afternoon, and a talk at the Ovni Club
that evening. It was about 11:30 pm by the time we were driving up the narrow road to our
Las Mitres site. Interestingly, our videographer teammate was absent from field work. He
had decided to stay in the city to visit his friend and her son. As the Suburban headed up the
gravel lane, Dr. Greer and I simultaneously observed a small, bright light on the side of Las
Mitres. We knew from the previous night that there was no light normally in that area.
Tonight we also had with us our American friend's Mexican husband. He and our driver
assured us there were no houses, no power lines, no roads, nothing on the sheer cliffs of Las
Mitres. As we came to the base of the mountain, Dr. Greer jumped from the Suburban while
it was still rolling. The other woman and I jumped out and grabbed the bare necessities of
field gear: a 500,000 candle power portable halogen light, our night vision scope,
binoculars, a small camcorder, and a hand-held microcassette recorder. Because of the
reaction by an untrained participant the previous night, we sent our driver and his friend
down the road. We told them we could not afford any panic this night. Unbeknownst to us
at the time, the men went to a spot at the bottom of the road where they could clearly see the
events that unfolded.
DI. Greer grabbed the halogen light and sent a signal to the star-like light on the
hillside. Instantly, the light transformed into a gigantic, brilliant round beam that shot light
down the entire mountainside! We were astonished. It came close to being the time we
always joke about - when events are so incredible that we'll wish we had on "Depends"
undergarments! We continued to have a Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind - a human-
initiated or human-interactive experience - with this craft for the next two hours and fifteen
minutes. An exchange like this, with a team in the field, is unprecedented. During the
encounter, we sent light signals to the craft. The craft would signal back to us in the exact
same sequence. Then its lights would extinguish. Within a few minutes, it would again
illuminate and initiate a signal to us. This went on and on. Twice during this time period,
we saw the shadows of beings walking in front of the blinding beam. At times, the beam
would rotate upon itself, appearing to the left of its original position - then back where it
was. Once the light seemed to turn over on itself, illuminating the sparsely forested slope
behind it. This was one of the times when figures were seen to move in the beam. It must
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 647, "chars": 3663, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
....
• be emphasized that this is a very remote area devoid of roads. For anyone to have hoaxed
this event would have required something on the scale of a major motion picture crew.
There was simply no way to have moved equipment like this onto these sheer slopes. It
would have caused quite a commotion in the suburbs below if a crew of that magnitude had
traversed those sheer cliffs that day.
At the end of the two hours and fifteen minutes, the light, which by now had split into
two candle-flame colored round lights, turned to brilliant red, shot out a lightning bolt of
energy and vanished. We saw a golden streak shoot through the sky towards the direction of
the ancient volcano, Topochico. And the energy was gone. It was not until this point that
we fully appreciated that 1) we'd been standing up for all that time, and 2) our hair had stood
on end the entire time. As a side note, I want to report that when we first got out of the
vehicle at the base of the mountain, I heard crickets chirping in stereophonic synchronicity.
One would chirp on our right, then one would chirp on our left. The chirping was loud and
distinct. When I heard it, I told my teammates that it was significant. I had heard similar
chirping prior to another major encounter in the past. It was moments later that the gigantic
craft illuminated before us.
We signalled to our drivers to bring up the Suburban. When they arrived, we learned
that the men had gone to a vantage point and had seen everything, giving us two independent
witnesses. In fact, from their extra distance the light was not so blinding and they were able
to discern the craft. They both reported seeing a very large disc-shaped craft with a domed
top. The men were extremely excited. They said they felt bonded now, like brothers. The
American's husband said that his life would never be the same again.
As we were riding on our 30-minute drive home, Dr. Greer remarked that he felt the
ETs would follow us. Within a minute, the man in front was exclaiming, "la luz, la luz!"
(the light, the light!) We could then see that the gigantic light was visible from the road,
showing itself to us on the opposite side of the mountain from where it had been at our field
site! We stopped at a closed gas station, signalled and videoed (which came out fuzzy and
blurred). You will recall that, of all nights, our videographer was not with us this night.
Coincidence or orchestrated by the ETs? So many such things happen that we have to
ponder the possibility. This time, the light was not appearing as two lights side by side.
Instead, they were two lights stacked one on top the other. We continued to observe it on the
remainder of the homeward ride, stopping twice more to observe.
When we arrived home, we climbed up to our flat roof. We could still see it, even
though the entire valley of the city of Monterrey was now between us, the back side of Las
Mitres and the rest of the range. The lights were still there. They had changed position
again and were now staggered, one atop the other. They had been so bright that we could
see the rock face behind it illuminated. As we watched, the lights dimmed down to about
half their luminosity. At this point, we could clearly see the structure of the craft. It was
indeed a large disc with a sloped dome on top. By measuring with fingers at arm's length,
Dr. Greer determined that the craft was between one-half to one full city block in size.
As the birds began to sing and the sky began to lighten, we bid goodbye and heartfelt
thanks to our visitors for these remarkable experiences and went inside to sleep, and dream of
them.
Executive Director, CSETI
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 122, "chars": 830, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Membership in C'SETI is available to anyone who supports the efforts at establishing a
mutual, sustainable dialogue and relationship with visiting extraterrestrial life forms, and
doing so in a manner lacking prejudgment, ridicule, accusation or terror.
CSETI has developed a training kit for those who are interested in field work using SETT's
proven protocols. The kit includes three audio tapes and over 200 pages of printed material.
The transcript of an entire training session given by Dr. Steven Greer. International Director
of CSETI is complemented with a hands-on field guide written by
There is
an introduction to field work written by
SM.D., our Los Angeles area
coordinator, along with many articles and treatises written by Dr. Greer.
For ordering information, or for a membership form, please contact CSETI c/o
:
6
