{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T07:16:15Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2553689, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115516-project-starlight-strategy-witness-amnesty-feb-1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "1d3a639ee1959053a2524c96980fd76f06e80094bee7b181c45759360afaad28"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2559, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
=
PROJECT STARLIGHT STRATEGY:
PRESIDENTIAL AMNESTY FOR ET/UFO WITNESSES
•...
:
INTRODUCTION:
Part of the evidence being collected for Project Starlight involves the testimony of first hand,
credible witnesses to ET events, including ET spacecraft retrieval and R and D operations,
certain historical military and intelligence operations ( such as military jet pursuits of ET craft
and gun camera footage) and NASA related space events. A number of these witnesses have
been identified, all of whom have signed various national security oaths related to these
operations.
While some of these witnesses are reluctantly willing to testify in violation of these oaths, most
are not, and have requested that we pursue the granting of amnesty (from prosecution for the
violation of these oaths). A number of these individuals are heros of our country; they are
senior government, military and astronautical figures who are convinced that the time has come
for the truth about ETI/UFOs to be told. But they are also afraid of reprisals against them if they
testify without a prior release from their national security oaths. The minimum we owe these
courageous people is an executive order granting them permission to testify publicly about their
historical involvement with this subject.
As outlined in previous Project Starlight strategy documents, the testimony of these individuals
will be combined comprehensively with other high level evidence, including ET craft metal
samples, daylight and unambiguous photographs and videotapes, government documents, and
military and civilian pilot cases of strong evidential integrity. These combined data will
constitute the Briefing Document, which will be used to brief world leaders, scientific panels,
religious leaders, and eventually, the public.
RATIONALE FOR AN EXECUTIVE ORDER:
Normally, release from a national security oath, especially top secret, special access projects,
requires a specific release from the agency or department granting the classification clearance.
Unfortunately, from a practical point of view, this is logistically not feasible because UFO/ETI
witnesses:
›Have received clearances from multiple and diverse agencies and departments
›Were associated with entities of the Government which do not currently have
involvement in this area
Therefore, it would take years, and perhaps decades for all of these witnesses to be individually
released from these obligations from all of the various granting entities, assuming these entities
could be identified or would be willing to cooperate.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 410, "chars": 2692, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
-2-
Neither the Congress nor the courts would have appropriate powers or jurisdiction to release these
individuals for public testimony/ disclosure.
Because of these factors, the only timely and appropriate means for obtaining protection for these
potential witnesses is at the level of the President of the United States, via executive order.
STRATEGIC POLITICAL CONSIDERATIONS:
As set out in Project Starlight documents, and as previously presented to Director of Central
antoinene Win a uni jing and i port l sia de ried ate our intention a roa
be as global and as inclusive as possible, taking care not to alarm or offend any culture or
government. Our overall strategy is designed so that this disclosure will exert a positive, unifying
effect on humanity, thus transcending the usual fractured surface of human life, while
simultaneously establishing the foundation for future inter-planetary relations.
As mentioned in an earlier Briefing Document for the Clinton Administration, given to DCI
Woolsey on 13 December 1993, the historical connection of the US Government to this subject
will come out during the disclosure process. The Clinton Administration would be best served
by positioning itself so that it would appear to be cooperative in the disclosure process.
Otherwise, it may be unfairly accused of 'cover-up'
, even though current operations related to
EȚI are largely privatized, or 'black budget' activities, and not directly linked to the President.
Nevertheless, as legal head of the US Government, the President will be viewed as either a
protector of the status quo, or a courageous leader who, at the minimum, facilitated the disclosure.
of this material.
Since most current operations are largely privatized and/or 'black', and probably beyond practical
Presidential access, the most effective action for the President to take would be to :
1. Issue an Executive Order releasing individuals from their national security oaths related
to this subject, as it pertains to historical involvement before 1975 or 1980.
2. Issue an Executive Order releasing from all Government Agencies and Departments all
documents related to this subject which date from the above period (ie prior to 1975 or
1980)
Since some of these witnesses are willing to come forward even without an executive order, and
since we possess adequate evidence to make a definitive case for the existence of these
spacecraft, which will be presented in the worldwide media, it is in the best interests of the
United States, its government and the President to move decisively in the direction of
cooperation.
Doing so would not only be the fair and just thing to do, but would position the President

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2382, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-3-
favorably both domestically and globally. Such cooperation may even be viewed heroically by
a majority of people.
Alternatively ( and unfortunately) recent information obtained by us indicates that a nonpartisan
approach to this problem may be possible for only a relatively short time. A member of our
Strategy Team, in a direct, personal conversation with a well known astronaut, learned that this
astronaut was approached recently by the shei
* asked him to join a group ofe
who were planning to 'divulge all
the evidence about UFOs and EIT to the public in the very near future. As of Feb. 1, we have
| learned that about 12 astronauts, and various other officials have been approached
Moreover, such an initiative could be used to embarrass the President in particular, and the US
Government in general. This may especially be true if the President appears either uninformed
on the subject, or uncooperative in providing 'amnesty' to the witnesses who we are working with,
Land who are now being aggressively courted by the
Fortunately, the astronaut in question was shocked and dubious that ther
a would
approach him on this subject, and we believe that he is wise enough to know that this process
should not tall prey to di
exploitation. We are not, however, sure that such resolve
and sensibilities will prevail indefinitely.
Another dimension to this is the upcoming Presidential elections in 1996. The .i*
, and various
covert cells may wish to deprive a sitting
President of the honor of presiding over
the release of this information, and instead would do this in a way which would be humiliating
to the President and 'government bureaucrats. We believe that we must move swiftly to secure
an executive order and obtain the cooperation of these witnesses before any
controlled
L disclosure occurs. A rumored date for this
We would strongly recommend that the White House move decisively to work closely, and yet
privately, with the Starlight Coalition, which now has the bipartisan support of respected
scientists, astronauts, and civilian leaders both here and abroad.
RECOMMENDATIONS:
In summary, we would recommend the following course of action:
1. Senior Strategists of Project Starlight should meet as soon as possible with relevant Clinton
Administration officials to brief them on the complexities of the current situation and the subject
matter in general;

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 263, "chars": 1837, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-4-
2. The President should issue an Executive Order specifically releasing current and former US
Government officials and employees from their national security agreements related to UFO and
ET events prior to 1980 or 1975. This executive order may be held in confidence and shown, in
person, to those requiring assurance that they will not be punished for disclosing information
related to historical information on this subject.
3. We would recommend further that an Executive Order be issued ordering the release to the
Project Starlight coalition of government documents pre-dating the above date which deal with
this subject. Relevant agencies include the National Reconnaissance Office, the CIA, the NSA,
the AFOSI, DARPA, the FBI, the DIA, ONI and other governmental entities as warranted.
4. A contingency plan involving the President should be devised in case various covert entities
and the s
• succeed in unilaterally disclosing this information in such a way that is harmful to
national security, world security or the general common good. We have reason to reach the
tentative assessment that such a disclosure would be 'spun' in such a way as to precipitate marked
instability, and world wide alarm, and would attempt to falsely present to the public the idea of
an extraterrestrial threat requiring a space-based military response. The threat to national and
world stability arising from such a scenario should not be underestimated by the Administration.
(See 'UFO/ETI Disinformation: Implications for National Security and International Security
Policy Makers, A Confidential Briefing, 15 Nov. 1994, Steven M. Greer M.D.)
Dr. Greer and other senior Project Starlight strategists would welcome a meeting to pursue these
issues as soon as possible.
END BRIEFING
Steven M. Greer M.D.
Director of CSETI
10 February 1995
--
