{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T01:32:07Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2210823, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115514-letter-to-clinton-meeting-and-executive-order-may-1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "5b46e6c14d887d9acb5055f699e3a34aa167f7804c983aaf55fc8f27519109eb"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 340, "chars": 2383, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MEMO
8 May 1995
TO: President Bill Clinton
FROM: CSETI Project Starlight, Steven M. Greer M.D.
RE: Meeting and Executive Order
Please find enclosed several documents previously conveyed to the Administration via the
Director of Central Intelligence (James Woolsey), the President's Science Advisor and Mr. Bruce
Lindsey regarding the UFO/ETI subject.
As mentioned previously, we feel that a strategy leading to disclosure on this subject should be
urgently pursued, and we are requesting a meeting with relevant Administration officials as soon
as possible. Astronaut Gordon Cooper, Apollo Astronaut Dr. Brian O'leary, John F. Kennedy
Chief Steward for Air Force One, Bill Holden, a prominent NASA scientist, and others could
attend such a meeting.
Our team has had recent conversations with former Air Force Office of Special Investigations and
Naval Intelligence officers and other senior military personnel which indicate that current
handling of this subject constitutes a threat to the national security, to the basic structures of
constitutional democracy, and specifically to the integrity of the United States Constitution.
Long term trends towards increasingly covert, quasi-privatized, 'black-budget' management of this
subject, combined with a concomitant increase in disinformation and public deception, must be
arrested and reversed. Neither the Congress nor relevant and responsible military, intelligence and
Administration officials are receiving honest and reliable information and assessments of this
situation. Legal and constitutionally sanctioned control over this subject appears to have been
diminished, if not completely lost, and this has created a dynamic of covert activities and
programs which threaten the national security.
Multiple military intelligence sources have independently confirmed to us the use of
experimental, SDI related weapons against extraterrestrial spacecraft, with at least two successful
hits. If this has even a remote chance of being true, it would indicate the dire need for a reversal
of the covert management of this subject, and the need for the public and the international
community to dialogue on this subject in a sane and rational manner. Very senior members of
the U.N. community with whom we have met concur with this assessment.
Who speaks for planet earth? We feel that the people of earth should, not a small covert

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2379, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
2
operation which, without consultation, controls a subject which affects the entire planet in vast
and profound ways.
We feel that the Administration should take decisive steps to regain constitutional and
accountable control over this matter, and that a strategy should be developed to effect a well-
thought out disclosure.
We have located a number of military and intelligence witnesses to this subject who require a
Presidential Executive Order releasing them from their national security oaths and obligations on
this subject (see enclosed memo of 10 February 1995). We are urgently requesting that this be
done as soon as possible. If there are no substantial disclosures resulting from these witnesses,
then the subject may be put to rest.
. However, if what we have learned in confidence is true, then
these witnesses can confirm the existence of extraterrestrial life forms visiting this planet, and
help to move this matter into the public domain for dialogue and international consultation, thus
effectively ending the exclusive covert control.
CSETI, Mr. Laurance Rockefeller, Astronaut Gordon Cooper, as well as several other prominent
astronauts and military figures will be convening a meeting of witnesses on June 2, 3 and 4,
1995, and we invite the Administration to send an observer or participant to this meeting. If this
would be possible, please contact Dr. Steven Greer at
A subject this profound in its implications for life on earth must not be allowed to be the
exclusive domain of a covert group which is accountable to neither the public nor recognized
governmental authorities. For secret and covert processes are at great risk for taking on a life of
their own, and in doing so threaten the security of our nation and of the world. We appeal to the
President, the National Security Advisor and others in the Administration to take decisive steps
to effect disclosure on this subject prior to the 1996 election year. In doing so, a great service
will be rendered to the world and its peoples, and this important matter will rightly become the
focus of the world community. We are acutely aware of the courage needed to face this
challenge, but we are equally aware of the risks to world peace and democracy of doing nothing.
Please be assured that our hopes and our prayers are with you.
Sincerely,
Sateens
Steven M. Greer M.D.
Director of CSETI
-
