{"created_utc": "2026-10-09T07:19:08Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 11824977, "source_ctime_ns": 1788303927886413579, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115505-dr-bahman-zohuri-scalar-wave-disclosure-speech-final-edited-3-at-the-washington-dc-historical-conference-6-11-2023.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540494760000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/115505-dr-bahman-zohuri-scalar-wave-disclosure-speech-final-edited-3-at-the-washington-dc-historical-conference-6-11-2023.pdf", "source_sha256": "80a39e231744c16096c41d983d77de313b1be4d4433f2d0157a41d73ac58bb03"}

What are Scalar Waves?
Definition & Applications
           Published By
        Dr. Bahman Zohuri

            Presentation
      Dr. Masoud Moghaddam


                             Dr. Bahman Zohuri
What is a wave?
                                     Examples of
                                    Visible Waves
A wave is a flow or transfer of
energy in the form of oscillation
through a medium, space or mass.
There are two types of waves by
the way we measure and/or
perceive them:

1) Visible Waves: Examples of
visible waves are Ocean Waves,
Wave on a Spring, Tidal Waves,
Sound Waves, Photons of Light and
even movement of tree branches
and leaves in a windy day are
examples of visible waves.
What is a wave?
                                                   X-Rays are
                                                 invisible waves
2) Invisible Waves: Radio
Waves, Microwaves, Infrared
Light, Ultraviolet Light, X-
Rays, and Gamma Rays etc.
are examples of invisible
                                 Ultra-Violet
waves are.                     invisible waves
They are invisible because
they are beyond the spectrum
of our vision capabilities.
Typically, the human eye can
detect wavelengths from 380
to 700 nanometers.
Vectors vs. Scalars

  Vectors in Physics are quantities that are fully described by a
  Magnitude and Direction. Velocity, Momentum, Force,
  Electromagnetic Fields and Weight are examples of Vectors


  Scalars are quantities or phenomenon that exhibit Magnitude
  only (typically a numerical value) with no specific direction.
  Mass, Volume, Speed, Time, Energy and Density are examples
  of Scalars
Characteristics of Waves
 Waves are defined by their
 oscillation and the way they
 propagate. In general, waves are
 characterized by their Amplitude
 and Length through Time.

 There are three types of waves:

 1) Mechanical Waves
 2) Electromagnetic Waves
 3) Matter Waves
1) Mechanical Waves

A) Longitudinal Waves: In such
waves, particles vibrate parallel to
the direction of propagation of the
wave.

B) Transvers Waves: In such waves,
Particles vibrate perpendicular to the
direction of propagation of the wave.
Mechanical Waves (Longitudinal and Scalar Waves)
F/A 18 Super Hornet Breaking Sound Barrier (Sound
         Waves Are Longitudinal Waves)
2) Electromagnetic Waves

Electromagnetic Waves or EM
Waves are created as a result of
vibrations between an Electric Field
and a Magnetic Field. They are a
composition of oscillating magnetic
and electric fields that can be studied
using Ampere Maxwell’s equation.
Radio waves, television waves, and
microwaves are all types of
electromagnetic waves. They only
differ from each other in wavelength.
The Wavelength, Frequency, Temperature & Penetration of
          Electromagnetic Waves Spectrum
How Harmful And Penetrable A Wave Can Be
  Depends on Frequency and Wavelength
3) Matter Waves
Al l ma tte r e x h i b i ts w a v e - l i k e
behavior. Perhaps the best example
of matter waves can be seen in the
infamous double slit experiment
where photons (bits of matter) act
as particles when they are
measured, and act like waves when
there is no measurements. Matter
waves are a central part of the
theory of quantum mechanics.
3) Matter Waves
Al l ma tte r e x h i b i ts w a v e - l i k e
behavior. Perhaps the best example
of matter waves can be seen in the
infamous double slit experiment
where photons (bits of matter) act
as particles when they are
measured, and act like waves when
there is no measurements. Matter
waves are a central part of the
theory of quantum mechanics.
              A Brief History of Scalar Wave
            Nikola Tesla, Father of Scalar Waves
Nikola Tesla, the father of scalar energy,      Nikola Tesla, the father of scalar energy
developed ideas and proposed two types of
energy existed in the cosmos: Scalar Energy
and Electromagnetic Energy. Because of the
lack of technology to detect scalar energy,
electromagnetic energy was more widely
accepted and utilized. To prove scalar energy
existed, Tesla experimented with abrupt
discharges of electrostatic potentials, which
released scalar energy from the vacuum of
space also known at the time as the “Ether”.
Tesla referred to “Scalar Energy” as “Radiant
Energy” and believed that this was the primal
force in the universe.
                  … History of Scalar Wave
Nikola Tesla, also patented some of his ideas
about Scalars and how to transfer electricity
through the air to far distances. At least until
1900 Tesla assumed in his work, that the
e n e r g y t r a n s f e r, e n a b l e d t h r o u g h h i s
assemblies, require a material medium such as
air or earth. Tesla also claimed that such Scalar
Waves can travel 1.5 times the speed of light
which was very controversial at that time
specially considering the speed of light as the
limit in space-time continuum as per Einstein
General Theory of Relativity.
                    Tesla’s "BIG EYE" for remote
                               viewing
Nikola Tesla also planned a very special use for
his Endothermic Scalar Interferometer. He
planned to produce what he called his "big eye
to see at a distance.“ or simply remote viewing.
By displaying the received signals on an
appropriately scanned screen, a representation
of the distant scene in the intersection zone can
be created. Indeed, this is a special kind of
"microwave interferometry," and - with modern
techniques - the imagery obtained might be
surprisingly good.
                  Scalar Waves
A Scalar Wave is a wave that is not presented by any
coordination system and not related to directions and
rotations. As a result, instead of propagating through space
dimension (Euclidian Space, it propagates through “Time”
dimension (i.e., Minkowski Space) or curved space, driven by
Quantum Electrodynamics (QE).
                  Scalar Waves
Scalar Waves form a non-local potential energy that can carry
information through time dimension. As a result, they do not
decay over time and distance, and they travel faster than the
speed of light!

Scalar Waves store energy and information outside of our 3-
dimensional space because they propagate through time
dimension, but their energy can be released in our 3-
dimensional space
                  Scalar Waves
Scalar Waves store energy and information outside of our 3-
dimensional space because they propagate through time
dimension, but their energy can be released in our 3-
dimensional space

Scalar Waves are non-linear, non-Hertzian waves, that have
the ability to carry information. There has been some
speculation that scalar waves can also occur naturally in
nature (like in our DNA and Thoughts) which is subject to test
and verification like any other scientific claim and we have no
proof of it so far.
          Characteristics of Scalar Waves
Since Scalar wave propagate through the dimension time and not through dimension
space:

1) They form a non-local potential energy.
2) Scalar Waves also carry information, and they have a fractal structure.
3) Such waves do not decay over time and distance.
4) Scalar Waves store energy and information in a dimension out of our 3D Space.
5) Energy of Scalar Waves can be released by closing the circuit in our 3D Space.
             Characteristics of Scalar Waves
Some general properties and characteristic of scalar electromagnetic waves (of the
beneficial kind) that could be claimed, includes:

• Travel faster than the speed of light.
• Seem to transcend space and time.
• Cause the molecular structure of water to become coherently reordered.
• Positively increase immune function in mammals.
• Are involved in the formation process in nature.

Not all scalar waves, or subtle energies, are beneficial to living systems.
Electromagnetism of the 60 Hz AC variety, for example, emanates a secondary
longitudinal/scalar wave that is typically detrimental to living systems. Subtle Energy
Science’s energetic encoding technology and scalar-wave entrainment effectively
cancel this detrimental wave and transmute it into a beneficial wave
                 Propagation of Scalar Waves
Since Minkowski space-time is curved in
4 dimensions compared to flat space-
time continuum as per general relativity,
the speed of Scalar Waves are no longer
bound to speed of light limit and in fact it
can be 1.5 times faster than the speed of
light in.    Such a speed as well as
travelling through time rather than a
medium, enables such waves to be used
for treatments of certain brain disorders,
under water communications and
weapon applications where it seems to
be unstoppable by any means of
defense.
    Recent Experiments on Scalar Waves
Around 2001 some experiments were conducted by Professor Konstantin
Christian Meyl of Furtwangen University where he continues a decisive step
further on proving Scalar Waves based on Nicola Tesla’s patent. He claims that
the transfer of energy is not bound to wave broadening, which require a
material medium. According to Prof. Meyl, electromagnetic longitudinal waves
are responsible for the transmittance. These longitudinal waves consist,
according to Meyl, of Electric Potential Vortices, which after the classic electro
dynamic, based on the Maxwell Equations, do not exist. (Referring to
incomplete equations of Maxwell)
         Recent Experiments on Scalar Waves

Prof. Meyl was able to replicate Nicola Tesla’s
experimental devices and claimed that his
demonstrations show:

1. The wireless transmission of electrical energy
2. The reaction of the receiver to the transmitter
3. Free energy with an over-unity-effect of about 3
4. Transmission of scalar waves with 1.5 times the
speed of light
5. The inefficiency of a Faraday cage to shield
scalar waves
                     … History of Scalar Wave

It was until 2018 that Professor Dr. Bahman Zohuri
of University of New Mexico published a
comprehensive book and a few articles with
proven mathematics to solve and complete
Maxwell’s incomplete equations in Scalar Waves
and to show characteristics and behavior of such
waves proving that such waves are travelling faster
than speed of light (in Menkowski Space-time).
Also; he proves that such waves can penetrate any
object since they do not need a medium to travel
through like other types of waves. Therefore; the
Faraday Cage is not        protective against such
waves!
         Scalar Waves Applications
Scalar Waves can have positive and negative uses and
because they can penetrate through any medium, they can
be dangerous if used as weapons.

Scalar Waves can be used to enhance our life if used in
positive ways like healing some mental illnesses, transferring
energy, reducing inflammation in our body, acting like anti-
depressants and improving mental focus etc.
                         Tesla Scalar Interferometry
                                Scalar Wave Driven Concept
Tesla died in 1943 without ever revealing the secret of these
great weapons and inventions. Tesla called his superweapon a
scalar potential howitzer, or death ray, as artistically depicted
in right-hand-side figure. Later the Soviets demonstrated a
weaponized Tesla howitzer at their Saryshagan missile range
during the peak of the Strategic Defense Intuitive (SDI), and it
was mentioned during the SALT treaty negotiations.

Tesla weapons, which Brezhnev undoubtedly was referring to
in 1975 when at the Strategic Arms Limitation Talks (SALT)
talks the Soviet suddenly suggested limiting development of
new weapons “more frightening than the mind of man had
imagined”.
                                                                           Tesla Super Weapon
                                                                    A Scalar Potential Howitzer Concept
A high-level U.S. official considered Tesla’s super weapon to
                                                                        (Multimode Tesla Weapon)
be either a high-energy laser or a particle beam weapon.
Although, he also considered as Tesla’s huge Scalar
Interferometer with four nodes of operations.
     What happened in US Embassy in Cuba
It was first found in Cuba in 2016-17 that some US and Canadian diplomats in Havana
complained about symptoms ranging from dizziness, loss of balance, hearing loss and
anxiety to something they described as “Cognitive Fog”. There were at least 16 staff
members at the US Embassy in Havana reporting symptoms blamed, presumably on an
“acoustic attack” driven by mysterious source, targeting the US Embassy staff and
diplomats. Accordingly British Broadcasting Company (BBC), reports that a 2019 United
States academic study found “brain abnormalities” in the diplomats who had fallen ill,
but Cuba dismissed the report anyway. However, recent incident of similar illness of
American diplomats in Vienna Austria, which has reputation as a center for diplomacy
and espionage, made the United States (US) government investigating a series of
health incidents in the Austrian capital Vienna involving its diplomats and other
administration staff, as well as claiming that some unnatural phenomena was affecting
them. Cases of such condition have been reported elsewhere in the world, but US
officials say the numbers in Vienna are greater than in any other city apart from Havana.
          The Havana Symptoms and Similar
               Cases around the world
The similarities between such mystery illnesses among US Diplomats and Staff in some
places around the world and the very nature of Scalar Waves and its potential to be
uses as a targeted energy weapon, makes the author believe that the cases of Havana
and Vienna symptoms can be results of Scalar Wave Attack. Here are the main
reasons:

1) Scalar Waves are not blocked by Faraday cage
2) Such waves can penetrate through the protective walls of US embassies
3) Scalar Waves can be used as guided waves in different frequencies as a weapon
4) There is ample evidence that our adversaries mainly Russians and Chinese are
seeking the technologies and applications of guided radiation and waves
             Knowledge is Power
   Applications of Scalar Waves as weapons
Like any knowledge and technology, the scalar waves can be used for positive or
negative purposes! Scalar Waves can be used in healing our body, removing
damaged cells, targeting and stimulating a particular gland or small part of the brain
or tissue without affecting other parts to treat certain illnesses. Here are some positive
examples and applications:

1) Scalar Wave can act like Laser beams to erase damaged cell memories and help
   memory healing and recovery in accidents.
2) Scalar Wave can increase the energy level of every single cell in the body to the
   ideal 70-90 millivolt range which improves immune function by as much as 149%
   as proven in laboratory studies.
3) Scalar Wave can be used to heal PTSD, depression and anxiety by targeting and
   regulating certain parts of brain to the optimal frequencies rather than invasive
   treatments.
                          Knowledge is Power
Applications of Scalar Waves Healing PTSD, Depression and Anxiety

 Like any knowledge and technology, the scalar
 waves can be used for positive or medical
 healing approach, such as treatment of Post
 Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), mild to sever
 symptom of Depression or Anxiety as well
 Alzheimer disease in some cases has been
 reported.

 Our solution, driven by Transcranial Magnetic
 Stimulation (TMS) with assist from Artificial
 Intelligence (AI) is preventing any attempt for
 suicide among public and particularly among
 youths and youngsters, globally.
   Applications of Scalar Waves as weapons
Studying the cases with US Embassy staff in Havana and Vienna and the fact that the use of
sonic weapons is not something new, raises many questions and concerns about the intentions
of our adversaries.

Due to the characteristics of such illnesses which happened in a limited and confined space
like US embassies that are built from ground up to be impenetrable against many types of
electromagnetic waves and sonic waves, this author personally does not think that a sonic
attack was involved based on characteristic and behavior of sonic waves and their frequencies,
wavelength, spectrum and ability to penetrate to objects.

However, any other hertzian kind of waves such as Microwave may possibly be a source of
such illnesses. Based on technology of active and denial suggested by defense industries work
under auspices of Department of Defense (DoD) in United States or any other countries such
as Russia and China that are considered adverse and hostile countries to us around the globe
may have been trying to use Scalar Waves as a weapon and try its effects on US Embassies
first.
         Scalar Waves Weapon Applications
Here are some of the Military applications of Scalar Waves:
1) Creating next generation of Radars capable of tracking and detecting Hypersonic missiles
and ultra fast-moving objects in Atmosphere and Outer Space.
2) Deep scanning capabilities for Satellites to find and track objects at any size and speed or
for mining and explorations.

3) Under water communication which is essential for submarines which helps them to have
active communication while still being silent and being undetected.
4) Creating next generation of beam weapons like Scalar Wave Lasers effective in very large
distances.

5) Creating Active Shield technology to protect military vehicles and bases against any
projectile or artillery shells or bullets by destroying any projectile crossing the beam barrier.

The sky is the limit when we master the Scalar Wave technology.
      Hypersonic Vehicle Technology (HVT)

➢ The world has just entered a new
  phase of warfare, where the new
  weapons of tomorrows are engaged
  fighting at speed of light.

➢ It is one, where no potential target is
  safe.

➢ It is one, where the reaction times are
  miniscule.

➢ It is one, where the United States no
  longer holds the technical lead.
            Scalar Waves & Hypersonic Weapons
Why it is hard to detect Hyper Sonic Weapons?!
1) The first issue is the Plasma Sheath that they
create because of their speed beyond Mach 5. The
plasma sheet naturally absorbs the radar waves and
that in turn creates more weak plasma in front of the
moving object which makes it almost impossible to
be tracked by traditional multiband radars.

2) Travelling at hypersonic speeds above Mach 5
narrows down the time window to detect, track and
target them because weak plasma is induced further
by absorbing more energy from high radar energy
beams thus allows the object to continue to travel
hypersonically without losing its speed.

3) The high maneuverability of Hypersonic Weapons
makes them even harder to track and target them at
such high speeds.
         Plasma Sheath Driven Hypersonic Vehicle
1) A plasma sheath, also known as an Ion sheath or electric double
layer, is a region of plasma that forms around a charged object
immersed in a plasma or surrounded by an electric field. It is
characterized by a distinct transition layer where the plasma
properties change from the bulk plasma to the region immediately
surrounding the charged object.

2) When a charged object is placed in a plasma environment, it
creates an electric field around itself due to its charge. This electric
field attracts ions from the surrounding plasma, resulting in a
concentration of ions near the charged object's surface. As the ions
accumulate, they form a dense layer, known as the plasma sheath.


3) The plasma sheath consists of two distinct regions: the Debye sheath and the presheath. The Debye sheath is the
innermost part of the plasma sheath, directly adjacent to the charged object's surface. In this region, the electric field is
strong enough to repel electrons, resulting in a nearly ion-only population. The ions in the Debye sheath are generally in a
state of thermal equilibrium.
   Plasma Sheath Driven Hypersonic Vehicles Simulation

4) The presheath is the outer region of the plasma sheath,
extending from the Debye sheath to the bulk plasma. In the
presheath, the plasma properties gradually transition from the
ion-rich region of the sheath to the bulk plasma. The
presheath is characterized by a steep density and potential
gradient, where the ion density decreases, and the electric
potential increases.

5) The plasma sheath plays a crucial role in various plasma
phenomena and technological applications. It influences the
interaction between charged objects and plasmas, affecting
processes such as plasma etching, surface modification, and
plasma propulsion. Understanding the properties and
dynamics of the plasma sheath is essential for designing and
optimizing plasma-based devices and systems.
               Debye Shielding or Langmuir Sheaths
1) Virtually all terrestrial plasmas are contained inside solid vacuum
vessels. So, an obvious question is: what happens to the plasma in
the immediate vicinity of the vessel wall? In fact, to a first
approximation, when ions and electrons hit a solid surface, they
recombine and are lost to the plasma. Hence, we can treat the wall
as a perfect sink of particles.

2) Now, given that the electrons in a plasma generally move much
faster than the ions, the initial electron flux into the wall greatly
exceeds the ion flux, assuming that the wall starts off unbiased with
respect to the plasma. Of course, this flux imbalance causes the
wall to charge up negatively, and so generates a potential barrier
which repels the electrons, and thereby reduces the electron flux.
Debye shielding confines this barrier to a thin layer of plasma,
whose thickness is a few Debye lengths, coating the inside surface
of the wall.

3) This layer is known as a Plasma Sheath or a Langmuir Sheath. The height of the potential barrier continues to grow as long as
there is a net flux of negative charge into the wall. This process presumably comes to an end, and a steady-state is attained, when the
potential barrier becomes sufficiently large to make electron flux equal to the ion flux.
Plasma Sheath Absorbing Electromagnetic Waves
A plasma sheath can absorb electromagnetic waves under certain conditions. The
absorption of electromagnetic waves by a plasma sheath depends on the plasma's
properties, such as its density, temperature, and the frequency of the incident
electromagnetic wave. When an electromagnetic wave interacts with a plasma sheath,
several mechanisms can lead to wave absorption. These mechanisms include collisional
absorption, Landau damping, and resonant absorption.

Collisional absorption occurs when the electromagnetic wave interacts with the charged
particles (ions and electrons) in the plasma sheath through collisions. The energy of the
electromagnetic wave is transferred to the plasma particles, leading to wave attenuation.
Resonant absorption happens when the plasma sheath contains structures or features
that can resonate with the incident electromagnetic wave. These structures can be
plasma waves, plasma instabilities, or irregularities within the plasma. The resonance
between the incident wave and the plasma structures leads to the absorption of the
wave energy.

The extent of wave absorption by a plasma sheath depends on various factors, including
the plasma density, the frequency and polarization of the incident wave, and the
properties of the plasma sheath itself. In some cases, the plasma sheath can act as a
protective layer, shielding the underlying object from electromagnetic radiation. In other
cases, it can enhance the absorption or scattering of electromagnetic waves, influencing
the propagation characteristics of the waves.
    Longitudinal Scalar Wave Driven Hypervelocity Object Detection

✓ Radars will have less time to detect it
  because of the curve of the Earth. Its
  approach angle is less predictable, potentially
  making it a much harder target for interceptor
  systems.
✓ But hypervelocity gliders have one drawback.
  They glide. This means they steadily burn-off
  speed. The further the warhead must travel
  towards its target, the slower it is upon
  arrival. This could make them vulnerable to
  new-generation point-defense systems (short
  range missiles and guns designed to protect
                                                    Scalar Potential “Interferometry” Driven Detection of
  a specific object, such as a ship).               Hypervelocity Object flying either in form of “Cruise” or
✓ Self-propelled hypervelocity craft are,           “Glide” mode in Real-Time.
  however, in development. These suck air into
                                                    Note: Integrating such technology with an Artificial
  a ramjet or scramjet engine to maintain their
                                                    Intelligence Systems is an extra-ordinary measurement
  speed after being boosted by an ICBM.
          Scalar Waves & Hypersonic Weapons
The race has already begun!
Russians claim to have built their first Hypersonic
Detection Radar and there are reports that other
capable countries like India, Japan, China and
others are working on their own DEWs (Directed
Energy Weapons) whether they are laser based
or (EM) Electromagnetic types of weapons etc.

So, it is very important to understand the nature
of such weapons and other peaceful applications
of Scalar Waves which can be used as means of
directed energy on any target.
               Hypersonic Glide Vehicle (HGV)
China is claiming that, has just successfully
conducted flight tests of the production model
of what is called the DF-17 ballistic missile.
What makes this weapon different from other
ballistic missiles is that it is designed to carry
what is known as a Hypersonic Glide Vehicle
(HGV).

“Hypersonic missiles are a new class of threat
because they are capable of both
maneuvering and of flying faster than 5000
kilometers per hour, which would enable such
missiles to penetrate most missile defenses
and to further compress the timelines for            Images released by Chinese state-run media show what
                                                     appear to be a Hypervelocity Glide Vehicles (HGV), similar
response by a nation under attack,” a recent
                                                     to two successfully tested by new intercontinental ballistic
report from international affairs think-tank         missiles in November 2022
RAND Corporation warns.
  Threat of Hypersonic Glide Vehicle (HGV) from China
Hypervelocity missile breakthrough makes China the
world leader in such new weaponry.

However, these gliders are finely engineered, arrow-
shaped craft capable of carrying nuclear or
conventional warheads at incredible speeds. They
travel so fast through the atmosphere (greater than
5000km/h) they must be built to withstand
temperatures that would melt meteors and must be
engineered perfectly to avoid tumbling wildly out of
control.

Furthermore, not only can they travel unbelievably
fast but also, they may be able to guide themselves
towards an intended target with own generated             A Chinese state-media image representing its
propulsion from within. This renders almost all current   anti-ship Ballistic Missiles in action.
missile defense systems obsolete.
           Chinese Related Hypervelocity Missile Program
✓ China declares success of hypervelocity missile
  program.
✓ The Diplomat reports an anonymous US government
  source as confirming the recent test launch of two of
  the missiles — one on November 1, and another on
  November 15, 2022.
✓ “The missile is explicitly designed for operational HGV
  implementation and not as a test bed,” the source told
  The Diplomat. It was “the first HGV test in the world
  using a system intended to be fielded operationally”.
✓ The tests had been timed shortly after the Communist
  Party’s 19th Party Congress in October where
  President Xi Jinping cemented his hold on power.
✓ The first missile was reportedly launched from the        An artist's impression by the US Defense Advanced
  Jiuquan Space Launch Center in Inner Mongolia. The        Research Projects Agency (DARPA) showing its Falcon
  DF-17 ballistic missile boosted the glide vehicle to      Hypersonic Technology Vehicle 2 being deployed from
  hypersonic speeds during its re-entry phase. This then    an ICBM.
  detached before the unpowered glider used its
  momentum and height to travel the remainder of the
      China Leaping Ahead in Hypervelocity Missile Program
✓ US intelligence agencies reportedly believe the ballistic
  missile/hypervelocity glider combination has a maximum
  range of between 1800 and 2500km. They expect fully
  operational examples to be deployed by 2020.
✓ It marks the end of a successful experimentation
  program which began in 2014. China had conducted
  seven known hypersonic vehicle tests before November
  2022.
✓ In October, images of what Beijing-controlled state
  media described as a hypersonic glide vehicles were
  released for the first time. It is not known if any
  represent the glider carried by the new DF-17 ballistic
  missile, or earlier test craft.
                                                              An image released by Chinese state-run media
✓ China is by no means the only nation striving to achieve    showing what appears to be a hypervelocity glide
  a functional and reliable hypervelocity missile. Russia     vehicle undergoing testing in a wind tunnel.
  has been working on its 3M22 Zircon, planning to
  deploy the weapon system aboard two of its enormous
  battlecruisers — the Pyotr Velikyi and Admiral Nakhimov
  — and its next-generations of submarine.
       United States Hypervelocity Missile Program

✓ The United States has also been working
  on its own designs, as has Australia. A
  series of joint-tests were conducted in
  Outback Australia in July.

✓ But many developmental tests in recent
  years by the US, Russia and other
  nations have ended in failure.

✓ Only China appears to have reached the
  point of mass producing such a weapon.
                                            The US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
                                            (DARPA) Hypersonic Vehicle Technology (HVT-2)
                                            which failed just minutes into a test flight in 2011.
            Hypervelocity Missile Driven Weapon Program
✓ Apart from its speed, what makes a hypervelocity glider
  such a desirable new weapon is its flat trajectory.

✓ Conventional ballistic missiles follow a predictable loop.
  It slowly picks up speed as it arcs upwards before
  plunging back down above an intended target.

✓ This profile makes it vulnerable in its slow boost phase.
  But the trajectory it follows as it comes back down is
  also within the capabilities of interceptors positioned
  near the target, such as the US Terminal High Altitude
  Area Defense (THAAD) and SM6 systems, to rise and
  meet it.                                                     Other forms of hypervelocity missile can carry
                                                               their own RAM or SCRAM jet motors.
✓ A ballistic missile carrying a hypersonic glider can re-
  enter the atmosphere at a much greater distance, and
  at a complicating angle, before loosing its hypervelocity
  glider to fly towards the target at a much lower altitude.
 Wireless Transmission of Energy Driven by Intermarry at a Distance

To illustrate one remarkable though typical
implication of this new breakthrough area, we point
out that, by changing the potentials while keeping
the force-field zero, one can directly produce
energy at a distance as if it were transported
through space in the normal fashion and traditional
way it occurs. Indeed, it may even be possible to
use pure potential waves to “transport” the energy
at any velocity (i.e., not limited by the speed of
light) that will not dissipate at constraint limit of 1/
r2, yet may happen at the rate of 1/r. Because in
some cases a potential, for example, Electrostatic
Scalar Potential (ESP) can be regarded as having
infinite velocity, simply appearing “everywhere at         Illustration of a vector energy zone produced by
once”.                                                     two scalar transmitters driven by interferometry
Electrostatic Scalar Potential (ESP) Driven “Locked-in Stress Energy”
                              Exothermic
Furthermore, the ESP may be regarded as a
sort of “locked-in stress energy” of vacuum, as
can any other vacuum potential. Changing the
potential in a region or at a point changes the
amount of “locked-in” or “enfolded” vacuum
energy available or stored in that region. Yet,
simply changing the potential at that point or in
that region need not involve any local
expenditure of work there; the work may be
expended elsewhere, and the results realized at
a distant region by a change in that regions
potential, according to the Aharonov-Bohm*
effect.
* Y. Aharonov and D. Bohm, “Significance of Electromagnetic

Potentials in the Quantum Theory”, Physical Review, Volume    Exothermic LSW Interferometry (i.e., using HAARP to create
                115, No. 3, August 1, 1959                    explosive steam pockets underground) Exothermic
          Electrostatic Scalar Potential (ESP) Driven “Locked-in Stress
                              Energy” Endothermic
In the remote region, charged particles are
imbedded in vacuum potential by their virtual
particle charge flux, and in the induced potential
gradients, the imbedded particles move, producing
electrical and magnetic forces and fields and
performing work. This is somewhat analogous to
“putting energy in here at point “A” and “extracting”
it out there at point “B” without any travel or losses
i n b e t w e e n — N i k o l a Te s l a ’s o l d “ w i r e l e s s
transmission of energy at a distance without losses”
idea.

Note that, quantum mechanically, we may take the
view that this is a very special class of macroscopic
“energy tunneling” phenomena, as illustrated in the                           Exothermic LSW Interferometry
Aharonov and Bohm original paper.                                                     Endothermic

Y. Aharonov and D. Bohm, “Significance of Electromagnetic Potentials in the
                            Tesla Scalar Interferometry
                                      Scalar Wave Driven Concept
As Figure here, illustrates, the Saryshagan
Howitzer had four modes of operations *. One
continuous mode is the Tesla shield, that places a
thin and impenetrable hemispherical shell of energy
over a large defended area. The three-dimensional
shell is created by interfering two Fourier-
expansion, three-dimensional scalar hemispherical
patterns in space so they pair-couple into a dome-
like shell of intense, ordinary electromagnetic
energy. The air molecules and atoms in the shell
are totally ionized and thus highly excited, giving off
intense, glowing light.
Anything physical that hits the shell receives an
enormous discharge of electrical energy and is
instantly vaporized— it goes pfft! like a bug hitting              The Saryshagan Howitzer Facility in Russia.
one of the electrical bug killers now so much in                   The photo is taken by U.S. High-Resolution
vogue.                                                                  Reconnaissance Satellite, KH-11

* Excerpted from Aviation Week & Space Technology, Jul 28, 1980.
                  Tesla Scalar Interferometry
                           Scalar Wave Driven Concept
The Saryshagan Howitzer Facility in Russia.   The Saryshagan Howitzer Facility in Russia.
The photo is taken by U.S. High-Resolution     Matches exactly with Nikola Tesla’s Scalar
     Reconnaissance Satellite, KH-11           Wave Weapon (Multi-mode Interferometer)
Specific Impulse (Isp) Propulsion Concepts Past 50 Years
Specific impulse (usually abbreviated Isp) is a measure of how efficiently a reaction mass engine (a
rocket using propellant or a jet engine using fuel) creates thrust.

For engines whose reaction mass is only the fuel they carry, specific impulse is exactly proportional to
the effective exhaust gas velocity (V). A propulsion system with a higher specific impulse uses the mass
of the propellant more efficiently. In the case of a rocket, this means less propellant needed for a given
∆V [Velocity] so that the vehicle attached to the engine can more efficiently gain altitude and velocity.

In an atmospheric context, specific impulse can include the contribution to impulse provided by the
mass of external air that is accelerated by the engine in some way, such as by an internal turbofan or
heating by fuel combustion participation then thrust expansion or by external propeller. Jet engines
breathe external air for both combustion and bypass, and therefore have a much higher specific
impulse than rocket engines. The specific impulse in terms of propellant mass spent has units of
distance per time, which is a notional velocity called the effective exhaust velocity. This is higher than
the actual exhaust velocity because the mass of the combustion air is not being accounted for. Actual
and effective exhaust velocity are the same in rocket engines operating in a vacuum.

Specific impulse is inversely proportional to Specific Fuel Consumption (SFC) by the relationship Isp =
1/(go·SFC) for SFC in kg/(N·s) and Isp = 3600/SFC for SFC in lb/(lbf·hr)
Known Propulsion Types
Launch Timing and Mission
Durations: Arrival Geometry


        Orbital Mechanics
Launch Timing: Return Geometry
        One Year Later


          Orbital Mechanics
Launch Timing & Mission Duration:
         Faster Flights


    180 Day Flight                       90 Day Flight

                     Orbital Mechanics
Breakthrough Propulsion Physics
       Research Program

 ●   BPP: NASA program 1996-2002~
 ●   Marc G. Millis
 ●   NASA, DSWA, US DOE, USAF
 ●   Goals:
      ○   Propellant-less propulsion
      ○   Relativistic speeds
      ○   New power sources

 ● Novel ideas; no operational devices
 ● Situation has changed with the EM-Drive
                NASA Patents


  Shawyer EM-Drive: ~0.75MegaWatt/Nt
U.S. Pat. Appl. 20140013724 by Fetta discloses a device wherein a “…
standing EM wave induces a net unidirectional force on the resonant
                              cavity.”
       T. Townsend Brown –
Biefeld-Brown Effect: ~600Watts/Nt


                 U.S. Pat. No. 6,317,310 to Campbell
                    (NASA sponsored) discloses a
                   capacitor module system “…for
                  creating a thrust force” with no
                  expelled propellant based on the
                  previously patented Biefeld-Brown
                                effect.
                                                       60
            Basis for the Betadot Thruster
        Lienard-Wiechert Vector Potential Solution to Maxwell’s Equations:
The Lienard-Weichert potentials φ (scalar potential field) and A (vector potential field) for a
         point source charge q at position rs traveling with relativistic velocity βs:


                    and


                          where                 and
      Whence the Betadot term
              Electric and Magnetic fields from:

                               and
After a little math:


and


          where                    and

                                                   62
Magnetic Acceleration Effect
     Betadot Magnetic Field

      z
          Axis of rotation
                             magnetic
                      y
                             field
ω
                                             P: field point

                 position
                 vector
                      x


                                              charge
charge acceleration                           path
                                        charge q


                                                              64
Lorentz Force on Stator Segment

        Axis of                          Lorentz
        rotation                         Force
                      curren
                      t2
 ω             magnetic
               field                       coil 2
                                           segmen
                                           t
               position
               vector

                                      curre
net current                           nt 1
acceleration                   coil 1 segment


                                                    65
Lorentz Force on One Stator Turn
                         z
      Axis of rotation
                                               y


 rotor coil 1


                 ω
                                                       Lorentz Force
                             position vector
                                                         stator coil 2


    current 1 acceleration
                                                   x
                                                           current 2
                                   current 1


                                                                         66
  Lorentz Force due to βr

                z-axis, ez

                                 β
                 FL              s
           B
                                     stator segment
           r
                                                 ωr
                                                      y-axis, ey


                             ●
                             β
                             r

rotor segment
                             β
                             r               x-axis, ex

                                                                   67
                                Summary
                                        •       •
                                        βr      βr
Rotor angular velocity w acting on charges with velocity b produces
         •
         βr
rotor current angular acceleration      :        = w br ey
                           •                    •            •
                           βr                   βr           βr
   generates a magnetic field component from:

n x ( n x (( n – b ) x   ) = – ( n x b) ( n •   )–K(nx            )

which in turn creates a unidirectional Lorentz Force on the stator coils.

Biot-Savart Law is used to compute total unidirectional force on stator coils.


                                                                                 68
                         Model 1

                                        ROTOR
                                        DISC
          SPIN
          MOTOR


              A                           A


                        Top View                   STATOR COIL
          ROTOR COIL
                                      SPIN MOTOR
STATOR CORE       ROTOR DISC


                        Section A-A
              Model 2


STATOR COIL
               SPIN MOTOR   STATOR CORE


                              ROTOR COIL


              ROTOR DISC
                           Model 3

                             SPIN MOTORS
STATOR COIL
                                           ROTOR COIL

                                             STATOR CORE


              ROTOR DISC
                     BEST MODE

      18                             13
                                          18


                      16


19
           13               17
     18                15                 18
                 1                             17
                 3                                  19
                                     1
                                     6     9


                18
                                 1
                                 5
    Interesting Possibilities

Harold ‘Sonny’ White’s Alcubierre “Warp”
                 Drive

         Chang-Diaz’s VASIMR

         Segmented Capacitor

        Capacitance Discharge


                                           73
Hope for the Future


     Mars Mission Planning
