{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T14:16:13Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2814523, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115557-national-security-implications-ufo-subject-aug-1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "bb04b79c7abb918cc1430e21d2010a381c103f6f5f51aa38021a8b44234b9674"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 437, "chars": 2984, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
National Security Implications of the UFO/ETI Subject:
A Brief Summary
National Security Implications of the UFO/ETI subject are profound and far-reaching, albeit
currently largely unrecognized.
These implications may be considered in separate but related aspects: those intrinsic to ET
activity and those arising from current covert management of the issue.
Historical Background:
Early National Security considerations dealt with concern over public panic arising from the
detection of near earth and earth-landed extraterrestrial spacecraft (ETS)and from the
technological implications of advanced Extraterrestrial material as it may impact the arms race
and cold war. Additional concerns were related to the impact on religious belief systems, the
political order and economic systems.
Importantly, once actual ETS were retrieved in 1947, thereby allowing Extraterrestrial hardware
to be studied and back- engineered for possible human military applications, the need for
complete secrecy regarding the matter was deemed paramount by authorities at that time. Given
the tensions of the early atomic era and the mounting 'cold war' with the USSR, it is
understandable that the introduction of Extraterrestrial technology was thought to be destabilizing
to an already dangerous situation. Moreover, given the history of technological secrets related
to atomic and hydrogen weapons being stolen by agents of the USSR, there was understandable
concern that any technological breakthrough related to Extraterrestrial technology might find its
way into Soviet hands. If such an event enabled the USSR to produce actual military
applications before the US, obviously this would have placed the US military capability in a
potentially catastrophic disadvantage.
Since the 1970's, we have reason to believe that a degree of cooperation on this matter has
evolved with the USSR and the US and perhaps other nations. Certainly the end of the cold war
has largely removed earlier concerns vis a vis technological breakthroughs and the fear of Soviet
aggression.
Moreover, the psychological reasons for secrecy related to public panic are not valid today. At
least 57% of the population accept that UFOs are real and are of Extraterrestrial origin. And 30-
40 years of space exploration by human society has prepared the population for the possible
existence of other Extraterrestrial civilizations capable of space travel. In short, the previous
concerns motivating secrecy are not relevant today.
Intrinsically, there is no reason to believe that the Extraterrestrial presence poses a threat to the
national or world security. If hostility and aggression were related to their purpose here, it is
likely that events congruent with hostility would have transpired long before now. It is our
assessment that the Extraterrestrials are not hostile, but are very concerned with human capability
related to warfare and the militarization of space. Activity by Extraterrestrial assets related to

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 492, "chars": 3459, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the neutralization of ICBM facilities and to containing military oriented space exploration
should be understood in light of their concern over a known history of human aggression which
has been coupled with the advent of weapons of mass destruction and space exploration. Indeed,
given the past history of human miliary assets focusing on and pursuing Extraterrestrial
Spacecraft, we believe the Extraterrestrials have responded with remarkable restraint.
Ironically, the threat to national security exists not with the Extraterrestrial presence, but the
current covert management of the subject. In the absence of Extraterrestrial hostility over 50
years, current secrecy cannot be justified on the basis of fear of Extraterrestrial aggression. A
sclosure related to the Extraterrestrial presence, it calmly and rationally presented, will no
ause public panic in the US or elsewhere. 1995 is not 1945, and world society has evolved t
the point where this information can be assimilated in a positive fashion.
In contrast, the covert and apparently extra-constitutional management of this matter is a real
threat to national and world security, and undermines constitutional freedom and democracy.
. Unless it is terminated, this covert management will greatly harm US national security and the
chances of a lasting world peace.
It is our assessment that the current covert management of this issue involves the following
elements which are a direct, immediate and ongoing threat to the national security:
1. The continued denial of the Extraterrestrial presence creates a situation where a sudden,
undeniable, public Extraterrestrial event could induce panic; since proactive disclosure efforts
which could ameliorate public fears are non-existent.
It is likely that such a public
Extraterrestrial event will transpire within the next 2-10 years or sooner. Therefore secrecy and
denial are a real threat to national and world security.
2. The current covert management of this issue appears to be operating independently and
outside of the constitutional chain of command. The group controlling these operations, which
involve reconnaissance, Extraterrestrial technology back-engineering, and space - based targeting
of ETS (among others) is non-responsive to congressional or Executive branch oversight and
control. This constitutes a real and grave threat to the national security and to constitutional
democracy and freedom.
3. We have credible, first hand sources who insist that extraterrestrial spacecraft have been
targeted by human covert space weapons and on at least two occasions have been destroyed. If
true, the risks to world peace and security are real and imminent, and the continuation of these
covert activities constitute the gravest dangers to national and world security. Hostile actions
taken by human covert assets against Extraterrestrial assets constitute a grave and immediate
threat to the national security. A relatively small, covert entity, acting without consultation with
the United Nations, the Congress, the President of the United States or the public is engaging
in actions on behalf of all humans which endanger the earth and world peace. Unless controlled,
these actions could precipitate interplanetary conflict and a disaster for the world generally and
the United States specifically. This covert management must be terminated and control of this
issue returned to constitutional authority and to the public domain.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 543, "chars": 3729, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4. The concentration of the technological advances related to the back-engineering of
Extraterrestrial technology into the hands of a small covert operation constitutes a grave and
immediate threat to the national security, to world security and to the future of the earth. These
Extraterrestrial technologies, which have been the object of covert research and development for
over 45 years, are potentially of great benefit to humanity if used wisely for peaceful purposes,
but are of immense danger when concentrated into a small covert operation which is unresponsive
to the pubic or the legal and constitutional chain of command. The threat this poses to the US
and world security is great, and the longer this situation continues, the greater the concentration
of advanced technological power in the hands of a relative few. The secret control of such
powerful technologies is inherently a threat to freedom, democracy and to our nation
and the world. Its utilization for covert agendas outside constitutional control represents a grave
danger to our country and must be restrained and reversed.
5. Importantly, secrecy and covert operatives per se constitute a real threat to the national
security, since national security in a constitutional democracy can only be legitimately related to
freedom and democratic government. Only in very rare and well-justified circumstances can
extreme secrecy and covert operations exist, since by nature freedom and democracy cannot co-
exist with unrestrained secrecy and secret power. The profound implications of the detection. of
Extraterrestrial civilizations cannot be allowed to be the exclusive domain of covert operations
which are unrelated to public discourse and consultation. To do so is to undermine the US
Constitution, democracy and freedom, and this constitutes a real and grave threat to the national
security.
6. Finally, exclusive covert control of this matter has resulted and continues to result in the loss
of opportunity for the world to come to terms with the Extraterrestrial presence in a peaceful and
mutually beneficial fashion. This means that the people of the world, the United Nations and
other international and national institutions are deprived of the opportunity to deal rationally with
this issue. National and world security are therefore negatively impacted by the loss of
opportunities in the following areas:
> The Environment, which is seriously at risk for large scale collapse over the next 100
years, would be profoundly improved if extraterrestria technologies could be peacefully
deployed. So-called zero point or free energy systems, which are non-polluting, would permit a
sustainable technological civilization to exist on earth and would transform the earth
environmentally and economically. Establishing peaceful and mutually beneficial relations with
extraterrestrial civilizations would eventually permit us to understand and apply such
technologies.
> World unity and peace will be enhanced by the global realization that we are not alone
in the universe. The acknowledgement of this fact will enhance the awareness that we are really
one people living on the shared homeland of earth, and many of the conflicts currently afflicting
the earth will be seen in a new perspective. This can be achieved without either deifying or
demonizing the extraterrestrial presence, but rather placing it in a fair, scientific and neutral light.
Eventually, world peace and a significant enhancement in the current geopolitical situation may
result from the disclosure that we are not alone. An international infrastructure, and institutions
* capable of dealing peacefully with relations with extraterrestrial civilizations would, of necessity,

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 183, "chars": 1123, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
evolve, and this in turn would strengthen world unity and cooperation.
• ›World culture, ideas, science and many other diverse areas may benefit through the
development of peaceful relations with other worlds. While this process may take decades, if not
centuries, its delay only puts off the time when the people of the earth will be united not only
globally, but with other planetary civilizations as well.
In summary, it is imperative to the national security that the president and Congress undertake
measures to terminate the secret, covert management of the UFO/ETI subject. Failure to place
this matter in open, public discourse and control constitutes the gravest failure of democracy and
government in the history of the world. That we do this is the test of our faith in democracy and
our faith in the people. As the 21st century approaches, we must roll up the cancerous excesses
of secrecy which are the legacy of the cold war and unfurl a new era wherein democracy is
reaffirmed and a lasting world peace is given a chance.
Steven M. Greer, MD
International Director of CSETI
30 August 1995
•
END BRIEFING
***
