{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:05:41Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 177778, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115504-invitation-to-nick-pope-to-attend-the-disclosure-project-press-conference-3-13-01.pdf", "source_sha256": "48386bedc1c6941f3667add840f48c4da9546f5ad0d997d2f47c513da290e722"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 396, "chars": 2494, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Disclosure Project
March 13, 2001
Dear Mr. Pope,
I would like to invite you to participate in the Disclosure Project events to be held in
Washington DC on May 8 -10, 2001.
As an important witness to UFO events, your presence is the key to the success of this
disclosure, which is designed to put this subject on the radar scope of our national and
international leaders, scientists and the mainstream, credible media. While each witness
alone may be unable to establish the reality of this subject, many coming together can -
and will. Here, the whole really is greater than the sum of its parts. Only military and
government first-hand witnesses to UFO events and projects will be present. Collectively,
their testimony will make an undeniable case for the reality of UFOs.
A major Washington DC media firm is handling media relations and we are planning on
a significant response from the national and international media. These May events are
designed as the beginning of a campaign to effect a real disclosure on this subject, and
will be followed up by numerous other events over a 6-12 month period. Numerous
members of Congress have stated that once the public and media become seriously
interested in this issue, formal Congressional Hearings will be possible.
Between mid-April and May 9, we will be briefing select leaders of society, members of
Congress, the Administration and others. They will be provided a videotape of select
witness testimony (derived from over one hundred hours of testimony filmed since
August) and a written briefing document with witness transcripts, government documents
and important evidence and cases. These materials will also be made available to select
news media. Please let me know if you or those in your circle have access to any VIPs
who should be briefed before or after May 9.
A book containing select cases, witness testimony and evidence will also be released
around this time so that the evidence and testimony will remain in the public focus for
many weeks and months. Later, we hope a completed multi-part documentary series will
be available. A sustained release of information, testimony and evidence over several
months will be needed to effectively educate our leaders and the public about his
important issue.
On the evening of May 8, we plan to hold a closed meeting to brief certain VIPs in
Washington. We hope that you will be able to attend this meeting and provide a very
brief summary of your testimony to those assembled.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 215, "chars": 1235, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The media team will also be arranging interviews with serious, mainstream media for the
day of the event (May 9) as well as the following few days. We are recommending that,
if at all possible, witnesses remain in the DC area through the evening of May 10 to
allow for media interviews and follow up briefings with Congress and others.
I assure you that all events will be professional, serious and present only the most
credible evidence and testimony to the public and the media.
We hope you can arrive by noon on May & and stay until the evening of May 10. We
have limited funds for travel and lodging expenses; please let my assistant Linda Willitts
know how we can assist you in attending these events.
If at all possible, please RSVP to Linda Willitts by April 1, 2001. She can be reached at:
Phone:
e-mail:
Street
Linda will be arranging travel and other logistics so feel free to contact her with any
questions or concerns.
& you red to dels these plans with me personaly, feel free to all me at al
Your participation in these events is essential to our success and I hope you will be able
to join the other witnesses in Washington, DC for this historic effort.
All my best,
Steven M. Greer MD
Director,
The Disclosure Project
