{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T20:50:55Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3110908, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/115562-ufo-eti-disinformation-paper-november-15-1994.pdf", "source_sha256": "e427e26851610d6a831c8c260362dacbd413360f1b6a03eda4ae56795265a1b7"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 424, "chars": 3093, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO/ETI DISINFORMATION: IMPLICATIONS FOR NATIONAL SECURITY AND
INTERNATIONAL SECURITY POLICY MAKERS
A CONFIDENTIAL BRIEFING
15 NOVEMBER 1994
Abstract: In advance of a confirmed announcement concerning the detection of extraterrestrial
life forms, it is important for national and international security policy makers to be aware of the
isks to the decision-making process created by certain types of sophisticated disinformation an
overt interventions. These include, but are not limited to: Induction of psychoelectroni
experiences, mass psychological conditioning with false information, targeting of certain key
extraterrestrial threat. Awareness of this by key policy makers would help minimize the risk of
unfortunate events
resulting from policy decisions influenced unduly by this type of
disinformation.
Background: CSETI Project Starlight efforts directed towards the public confirmation of the
detection of extraterrestrial life forms (see Briefing Document Draft) has resulted in our
discovering a number of covert activities which may jeopardize decision making within the
national and international security communities. Since some of these decision making processes
may be adversely affected well in advance of a public announcement on this subject, we feel
morally bound to issue this briefing to advise policy makers of certain risks. Failure by certain
key policy makers (especially the White House, the National Security Council, the Joint Chiefs
of Staff and the U.N. Security Council) to compensate adequately for these risks could result in
the adoption of policies and actions harmful to world security and to the future of interplanetary
relations. This briefing is designed to provide information regarding specific disinformation
processes and their related risks to national and international security.
Overview: Disinformation is false information which is deliberately provided to groups or
individuals for the purpose of obfuscating an issue, and/or effecting a specific psychological
response (such as denial, disbelief, fear, ridicule etc). Covert attempts designed to minimize
accurate knowledge of UFOs/ETI have used disinformation and psychological warfare techniques
for over 40 years, and these techniques and related technologies have become increasingly
sophisticated and effective, especially since the 1960s. The most effective disinformation is
information which is related to a truth, at least in part, but which is then embellished and
deliberately distorted by combining disinformation with the information. The presence of a
minimal but adequate degree of truth enables the false information to be more readily accepted,
or for the intended psychological response to occur.
Disinformation may be divided into two broad categories: Passive Disinformation, which is false
information placed into individual or public awareness via conventional communication means;
and Active Disinformation, which involve false experiences which are induced and which result
in a very sophisticated manipulation of individual and group perspectives and experiences.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 442, "chars": 3115, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
Passive Disinformation Examples: Denial of UFO reports; providing false data concerning UFO
events; engaging certain scientists or authorities to ridicule the subject matter and its proponents;
tase, mısleading or slanderous information about UFO researchers and organizations; providing
information to the public which induces fear, denial, skepticism or repulsion, etc.
Active Disinformation Examples: Hoaxing of certain events to entrap or embarrass researchers
or organizations; use of active psychoelectronic devices to induce false but very convincing
experiences which are designed to control individual and public attitudes towards ETI
(abductions); use of technologies to simulate a false extraterrestrial hostile action, to affect both
policy makers and the general public.
Early covert operations relied primarily on passive disinformation. However, as more evidence
of ETI activity made its way into the public domain and awareness, in the 1960s or "70s, active
disinformation began to play a more dominant role. Most of the active disinformation currently
in use is designed to :
1. Create a scenario which induces fear or rejection of the
phenomenon
2. Bury real UFO/ETI activity under a mountain of superficially
similar yet qualitatively different false events, especially so-called abductions and 'cattle
mutilations.
3. Influence public perception and governmental policy makers to
conclude (falsely) that there is an "extraterrestrial threat" which we must fight.
Active disinformation has become more effective as increasingly sophisticated technologies have
been developed and perfected in the U.S. and former USSR.
Covert special operations,
funded by "black budget' and private sources, have effectively
dominated and polluted the data base in two popular areas:
1. Abductions - Alleged abductions of humans by UFOs have been reported since the
1960s. We doubt that 'abductions' as they are currently understood are actually occurring, but that
a very small number of people have been taken on board ET craft for reasons not yet fully
known. However, no evidence exists to suggest that such events are harmful or of a hostile
nature. Unfortunately, like a true gold nugget hidden under a mountain of fools gold, the real
on board cases have been buried beneath a large volume of human induced pseudo-abduction
events, designed to hide the real events under the cover of false ones, and to affect negatively
public perception and credibility of the phenomenon. These events are being induced by
advanced psychoelectronic technologies which can remotely target an individual or more than one
person and create a convincing but false ET experience.
The existence of M ULTRA and other technologies has been confirmed to us by certain military,
intelligence and high technology sources who contract with government agencies. These
psychoelectronic devices are much more advanced and operational than most would imagine,
and have gone through several generations of evolution and improvement. (See
The
Controllers: A New Hypothesis of Alien Abduction by Martin Cannon, and enclosed bibliography)

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 538, "chars": 3525, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3
Policy makers must not be deceived by these reports, nor should policy making be influenced in
any way by them. Since the data base is hopelessly contaminated by these falsely induced events,
it cannot be relied on as a source of reliable information for policy formulation. We have learned
that a number of researchers in this area have similarly concluded that most (80-90% or more)
of abduction accounts are disinformation, or misidentification of other unusual phenomena.
2. Cattle 'mutilations' : Alleged cattle experiments by ET craft (misnamed 'mutilations' for
disinformation purposes) have been reported since the 1960s. The primary scientists and
researchers in this area have confirmed to us that at least 80% of these cases are actually decoy
cases created by covert operations and have nothing to do with UFO/ETI activity. Our
assessment is that the real cases are understandable environmental and genetic research related
to radiation and chemical pollution and their effect on advanced mammalian systems. We would
seriously doubt a sinister or hostile motive behind these relatively rare actual occurrences, and
feel that the false decoy cases are designed to create disinformation, to conceal the actual cases
and to create an atmosphere of fear around the subject. Policy makers should not be adversely
influenced by these reports, or deceived by them in any way.
Policy makers need to be aware of the potential for advanced technological active disinformation,
both as it affects data bases and as it could potentially be targeted towards policy makers
themselves. We would caution against undue fear in this regard, but do feel that senior policy
makers should be aware of the potential for this type of disinformation and how it could be
directed at them, which include both active and passive targeting.
Simulated ET Events: We have also learned that technologies exist to support the simulation of
false hostile ET events, designed specifically to influence policy makers in a time of crisis, or
to 'spin' any announcement and disclosure process in the direction of uniting the world against
a 'common alien threat. Military and civilian policy makers must not be deceived by such
events, since the stakes are enormous, and decisions based on such pseudo-UFO events would
likely result in negative actions which would be unwarranted. The vast and profound implications
of our future relations with extraterrestrial civilizations must not be influenced by this type of
disinformation, since it would be designed to place the earth on a path of inter-planetary conflict
and would subvert the potential for future peaceful and beneficial relations.
In summary, a number of advanced disinformation modalities exist which policy makers need to
take into consideration as they evaluate data or receive briefings from traditionally covert sources.
CSETI and its affiliated scientists and researchers are committed to obtaining reliable data by way
of direct, real time observation of and interaction with the ETI phenomenon. We feel that
empirical research of this type (see Briefing Document Draft) is more useful, accurate and
reliable than other secondary means which are prone to disinformation contamination. Should
you wish to make further inquiries into the CSETI research findings or assessment, please feel
free to contact the Director of SETI, Steven M. Greer M.D. at X
XWe are available
•..
to you to provide a confidential on-site briefing regarding this subject it this is desired.
END BRIEFING
