{"created_utc": "2026-10-08T10:08:40Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 29193705, "source_ctime_ns": 1788303931073150772, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116079-letter-and-research-to-dr-steven-greer-re-mind-control-lynn-surgalla.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540498790000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116079-letter-and-research-to-dr-steven-greer-re-mind-control-lynn-surgalla.pdf", "source_sha256": "9adc4c325848d1418b9fe026b0e245d6182b065eddf0036457e6242a80c050a2"}

I'


     ~i2: //tt2 977.


     /4 44ea /         4e6tC    act4c%             A2C


       a
                                                3 S zz. c   €r


                   Gwe 1/f     ~jF/Gi,C,C


                        fl


     aa                J44 44enáfrct 64d
                                            (
                                                                                              raSC I UI •t


THIS SEARCH         THIS DOCUMENT           1CO TO
Next Hit            Forward                  New Bills Search
Prey Hit            Back                   'HomePage
Hit List            Best Sections            Help
                    Doc Contents


  GPO's PDF            References to this bill in the      Link to the Bill       jEuii Display - 6,567
  version of this bill Congressional Record                Summary & Status file. bytes.[Help]

Space Preservation Act of 2001 (Introduced in the House)

HR 2977 IH

                                             107th CONGRESS:

                                                 1st Session

                                                 H. R 2977

To preserve the cooperative, peaceful uses of space for the benefit of all humankind by permanently
prohibiting the basing of weapons in space by the United States, and to require the.Presidentlo take
action to adopt and implement a world treaty banning space-based weapons.

                              IN tHE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES

                                             October 2, 2001 "

Mr. KUCINICH introduced the following bill; which was referred.to the Committee on Science, and in
addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and International Relations, for a period to be
subsequently determined by the Speaker„ in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned


                                                  A BILL

To preserve the cooperative, peaceful uses of space for the benefit of all humankind by permanently
prohibiting the basing of weapons in space by the United States, and to require the President to take
action to adopt and implement a world treaty banning space-based weapons.

      Be it enacted by the Senate and House ofRepresentatives ofthe United States ofAmerica in
      Congressassemblect        ,•:;,

SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

      This.Act'may be citedasahe: Space PreservationActof 2001 `


http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query                                                            1/28/2002
                                                                                                                e h.         —


                                                                                                                       I .
SEC. 2. REAFFIRMATION OF POLICY ON THE PRESERVATION OF PEACE IN
SPACE.

      Congress reaffirms the policy expressed in section-1Q2(a) of the National Aeronautics and Space
      Act of 1958 (42 U.S.C. 2451(a)), stating that it 'is the policy of the United States that activities in
      space should be devoted to peaceful purposes for thetbenefit of all mankind.'.

SEC. 3. PERMANENT BAN ON BASING OF WEAPONS IN SPACE.

      The President shall—

            (1) implement a permanent ban onspace-based weapons of the United States and remove
            from space any existing space-based weapons of the United States; and

            (2) immediately order the permanent termination of research and development, testing,  z
            manufacturing, production, and deployment ofiall space-based weapons of the United Stags
            and their components.

SEC. 4. WORLD AGREEMENT BANNING SPACE-BASED WEAPONS.

      The President shall direct the United States representatives to-the United Nations and other
      international organizations to immediately work toward.negotiating, adopting, and implementing
        world agreement banning space-based weapons:                .

SEC. 5: REPORT.

      The President shall submit to Congress not later     90 days after the date of the enactment of
                          90
      this Act, and every days    thereafter; a report on—

            (1) the implementation of the permanent•ban on space-based weapons required by section 3;
            and

         - (2) progress toward negotiating, adopting, and implementing the agreement described in
           section 4.

SEC. 6. NON SPACE-BASED WEAPONS ACTIVITIES.

      Nothing in this Act may be construed as prohibiting the use of funds for—

            (1) space exploration;          t.                        '.   ,   .


            (2) space research, and development;

            (3) testing, manufacturing, or production that is not related to space-based weapons or
            systems; or

            (4) civil, commercial, or defense activities (including communications, navigation,
            surveillance, reconnaissance, early warning; or remote sensing) that are not related to space-
            based weapons or systems:                             -
http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query                                                              , .1/2SI2QQ2
                                                                                                                       rage. to -t


              SEC. 7. DEFINITIONS.

                        In this Aci:

                                (1) The term 'space' means all space extending upward from an altitude'greater than 60'
                                kilometers above the surface .of the earth and any celestial body in such space.

                                (2)(A) The terms 'weapon' and 'weapons sysiem' mean a device capable of any of the
                                following:

                                         (i) Damaging or destroying an object (whether in outer space, in the atmosphere, or
                                         on earth) by—

                                                (1) firing one or more projectiles to collide with that object;   .

                                                (II) detonating one or more explosive devices in close proximity to that objei )

                                               (III) directing a source of energy (including molecular or atomic. energy,
                                               subatomic particle beams, electromagnetic radiation, plasma, or extremely low
                                               frequency (ELF) or ultra low frequency (ULF) energy radiation) against that
                                               object; or

                                               (IV) any other unacknowledged or as yet undeveloped means.

                           —)            (i) Inflictingdeath or injury on, or damaging or destrgying,_a person (or the
                           5             biological life, bodily health, mental health, or physical and economic well-being of a
                       o1'3 ' A~         person

              ~,J              iV    ~~~       (I) through the use of any of the means described in clause (i) or subparagraph
                         e          ,z         (B);
       $1- j8.
                      I P S.         ~~        (II) through the use of land-based, sea-based, or space-based systems using
f    i
    ,,P
           ti
              J          ,(~ tJ
                                    P          radiation, electromagnetic,psychotronic, sonic, laser, or other energies.directed
                                               at individual persons or targeted populations for the purpose of information
b
       tE
             0.
                  ~S,
                  8       ~
                                               war, mood management, or mind control of suchpersons or populations; or

                                               (ll)b54f      lling chemical or biological agents in the vicinity of a person.

                                (B) Such terms include exotic weapons systems such as—
Ail~~g.Il:
                                         (i) electronic; psychotronic, or information weapons;                           -
ll~~
       /                                 (ii) chemtrails;
                                                                 i
                                         (iii) high altitude ultra low frequency weapons systems;

                                         (iv) ~1asma electromagnetic, sonic, or ultrasonic weapons;

                                         (v) laser weapons systems;
                                                               i
             http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query                                                                        1/28/2002
                  (vi) strategic, theater, tactical, or extraterrestrial weapons; and

                  (vii) chemical, biological, environmental, climate, or tectonic weapons.

           (C) The term 'exotic weapons systems' includes v ea ens designed to damage space or
           natural ecosystems (such as. the ionosphere and upper a~rnosp ere orc rmate, wea er, and
           `tectoruc systems with the purpose of inducing damage or destruction upon a target
           population. or region on earth or in space.


THIS SEARCH        THIS DOC[ThftHT         CO To
Next Hit.          Forward                 New Bills Search
Prey Hit           Back                    HomePage.
Hit List           Best Sections           Help
                   Doc Contents                       ,


http://thomas.loc.gov/cØ-bin/queiy                                                           1/28/2002
Bill Summary $ Status                                                                         Page 1 of 1


Bill Summary & Statusfor the 107th Congress


NEW SEARCH I HOME I HELP I ABOUT COSPONSORS

H.R3616
Sponsor: Rep Kucinich, Dennis J.(introduced 1/23/2002)
Latest Major Action: 2/13/2002 House committee/subcommittee actions: Executive Comment
Requested from DOD.
Title: To preserve the cooperative, peaceful uses of space for the benefit of all humankind by prohibiting
the basing of weapons in space and the use of weapons to destroy or damage objects in space that are in
orbit, and for other purposes.

COSPONSORS(7), BY DATE [order is left to right]:          (Sort: alphabetical order)

Rep Filner, Bob - 4/9/2002         Rep Hoeffel, Joseph M. - 4/9/2002
Rep Clay, Wm. Lacy - 4/9/2002      Rep McKinney, Cynthia A. - 4/9/2002
Rep Hinchey, Maurice D. - 4/9/2002 Rep Lee, Barbara - 4/9/2002
Rep Stark, Fortney Pete - 4/9/2002


http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/bdquery/z?d107:HR03616:@@@N                                      4/24/2002
Bill Summary & Status                                                                        Page 1 of 1

                                      ;I
Bill Susnmw'y & Statusfor the 107th Congress


NEW SEARCH j HOME HELP I ABOUT SUMMARIES

H.R.3616
Sponsor. Rep Kucinich, Dennis J.Qntroduced 1/23/2002)
Latest Major Action: 2/13/2002 House committee/subcommittee actions: Executive Comment
Requested from DOD.
Tide: To preserve the cooperative, peaceful uses of space for the benefit of all humankind by prohibiting
the basing of weapons in space and the use of weapons to destroy or damage objects in space that are in
orbit, and for other purposes.

SUMMARY AS OF:
1/23/2002—Introduced.

Space Preservation Act of 2002 - Reaffirms U.S. policy that activities in space should be devoted to
peaceful purposes.

Directs the President to: (1) ban U.S. space-based weapons and the use of U.S. weapons to destroy or
damage objects in orbit in space; (2) terminate research and development, testing, manufacturing,
production, and deployment of all U.S. space-based weapons; and (3) direct the U.S. representatives to.
the United Nations and other intemational organizations to work toward negotiating, adopting, and
implementing an international treaty banning space-based weapons and the use of weapons to destroy or
damage objects in space.


                                        Jj


                                         E


http:!/thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/bdquery/z?d107:HR03616:@@@D&summ2=m&                             4/24/2002
                                                  M


WORK EXPERIENCE
  SCIENTIFIC
      LECTURER AND CONSULTANT, (1994-Present)
      Delivered lectures and consultation to professional organizations on the topics of Bioelectromagnetic, Bioacoustic and .
                                                                                         c. .
      Biochemical transductioq mechanisms from the cellular to the macroscopic level. The physics underlying memory,
      growth, healing and regeneration as well as genetic bioresonance have been explored in relation to the development of
      non-invasive diagnostic and treatment devices as well as to techniques of healing in Complementary Medicine.


         President and CEO
         Developed overall business planning andobjectives. Negotiated contracts and licensing. Supervised researchand product
         development of noninvasive electromagnetic medical.diagnostic and treatment devices. Developed and marketed a line of
         monitoring devices for environmental electromagnetic fields. Conducted research into nonconventional'energy and
         propulsion devices. Marketed a line of IBM-compatible microcomputers and components. Supervised professional
         engineering consultation and monitoring.of environmental energy fields.


            ce President
         Hired, trained and supervised office personnel and engineering employees. Supervised research, development and testing
         of instruments and equipment for use in low frequency, weak A.C. field biophysical experimentation; Projects
         completed; High current variable frequency-ELF pulse generator, miniaturized helmholtz coils and capacitors for realtime
         experimental signal transmission to organicspecimens inside a spectrophotometer, polyvinylidene fluoride piezoelectric
         sensor circuit for detection of molecular deposition and adhesion under water, portable 60 Hz magnotometer, variable
         frequency ELF magnetometer, inertial propulsion prototype; EEG neurofeedback prototype.

         DEPARTMENT OF BIOPHYSICAL SCIENCES, School Of Medicine; &UN.Y.A.B., Buffalo, NY (1985-1989)
         Doctoral candidate: Conducted theoretical research in bioelectromagnetic resonance, nonlinear Dynamics, soliton theroy
         and chaotic dynamics.

         HEALTH INSTRUMENT DEVICES INSTITUTE (New York State Center for Advanced Technology), SM.N.Y.A.B.,
        'Buffalo, NY (1986-1988)
         Kodak Research Fellow
         Conducted research into frequency-specific micromotional effects on biological adhesion; designed, built and tested
         piezoelectric polymer (pvdf) sensors for detection of biofllm deposition and adhesion.

         ELECTRON OPTICS LAB; Roswell Park Memorial Cancer Research Institutes Buffalo, NY (1984-1985)
         Master Of Science Candidate
         Designed and conducted experimental research in frequency coecifkslectromapnetic field effects on active calcium
         transport in isolated membrane vesicles.
                                                                                                                       PAGE 2

    LOCKHEED MISSILES & SPACE COMPANY, Sunnyvale. California (1979-1981)
    Satellite Operations Engineer
    Systems engineering, planning and analysis for U.S. Government satellite systems at Satellite Test Center.
    (VELA system ('79); Naystar Global Positioning System (G2.S.) ('80- '81); expert knowledge of spacecraft subsystems
    and operational requirements; analysis of spacecraft anomalies; command planning; mission control team member,
    provided realtime analysis of telemetry data; advised mission controller for successful completion of support objectives
    and emergency activity; dedicated Planner/Analyst for launches of NAVSTAR IV, VI, VII.

     DEPARTMENT OF PHYSICS, Florida Atlantic University, Boca Raton, Florida (1978 -1979)
     Laboratory Assistant
     Organized and prepared undergraduate laboratory experiments; maintained equipment; assisted research experimentation
     plasma physics lab.

    ROSWELL PARK CANCER RESEARCH INSTITUTE, Buffalo New York (1974- 1975)
    Technical Writer (Medical And & Scientific Communications)
    Prepared research papers for publication in technical and nontechnical journals; wrote press releases and summaries for
    nontechnical publications.

ADMINISTRATIVE/SUPERVISORY, (NONSCIENTIFIC)
   ALLENTOWN YOUTH SERVICES CONSORTIUM,Buffalo,New York(1983 -1984)
   Academic Assessor
   Responsible for delivering an individualized and client, intensive program of academic instruction to youth ages 16-25;
  assessed (diagnosed & documented) each-student's academic strengths and weaknesses through administration and
   interpretation of diagnostic tests; designed-and implemented individualized academic plans and'instructional programs for
   all students (individual, small, and large group claw's); built and maintained a resource bank of self motivating academic
   materials; developed informal predictive tests; scheduled and instructed group lessons in all subject areas; maintained
   detailed academic records; provided academic advisement and counseling to facilitate enrollment into institutions of
   higher learning; supervised all academic activities.

    NBC TELEVISION NET WORK, New York, NY (1976- 1977)
    Erie County Coordinator For Election News Coverage
    Hired, trained, supervised and.coondinated pollsters and reporters for election news coverage in all of Erie County, New
    York (including the Carter/Ford presidential election).

    NORTHEAST YMCA, Snyder, New York{1975. 1977)
    Supervisor Of Women's Health Club
    Supervised activities; instructed in exercise techniques, weight training and nutrition.

TEACHING
   NEW YORK STATE EDUCATION DEPARTMENT, Office Of Vocational Rehabilitation, Buffalo, New York (1982-
   1984)
   Special Tutor/Academic Counselor
   Designed and implemented individual academic services to physically disabled college students (Computer Science,
   Math, English, Biology).

    DAEMEN COLLEGE, Amherst, New York (1982-1983)
    Special Tutor
    Learning center. Instructed small groups and individual college students in computer science, mathematics, biology and
    chemistry.
                                                                                                                  PAGE

         STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK, Buffalo, NY (1982- 1985)
         Instructor (Life Workshops)
         Taught special workshops in superlearning techniques and self-hypnosis to faculty, staff, & students.

         FREDERICK ACADEMY OF THE VISITATION. Frederick, Maryland (Summer Semesters 1970 - 1973)
         Teacher/Activities Coordinator
         Taught English as aforeign language; coordinated andsupervised foreign student activities and travel.

    JOURNALISTIC
       W.M.S.M. RADIO STATION, Emmitsburg, Maryland (1969-1970)
       Editorial Staff (Reporter /Announcer)
       Wrote and delivered editorials and news-stories (live and prerecorded) on various topics.
       FREE LANCE JOURNALISM (Various Publications), (1970-Present)

GENERAL
   MEMBERSHIPS
      American Institute Of Aeronautics And Astronautics
      New York Academy Of Science
      American Association For The Advancement Of Science
      Mathematical Association Of America
      Biomedical Engineering Society
      Society For Industrial And Applied Mathematics
      International Platform Association
      International Tesla Society
      Swiss Association For Free Energy
      World Future Society.
      Planetary Association For Clean Energy.
      National Association Of Student Personnel Administrators
      American Counseling Personnel Association
      Society For Biomaterials
      Bioelectmmagnetics Socie
      U.S. Psychotmmcs Association (Vice President. 1987-1988)
      Integrity Computer Club (Vice President 1
      SUNYAB Biophysics Graduate Student Association (Vice President 1986-1987)
      National AssociationFor Female Executives
      American Society Of Professional & Executive Women

    HONORS
       Intematiorial Leaders In Achievement (1990)
       Directory Of Distinguished Americans (1990)
       The World Who's Who Of Women (1989)
       2000 Notable American Women (1989)
       Kodak Fellowship Research Grant (1986-1988)
       Who's Who In American Women (1988)
       Who's Who In Aviation And Aerospace (1981)
       Maryland State Senatorial Scholarship (1969)
       National Honor Society (1969)
       National Merit Association (1969)

HOBBIES
      Dance. Yoga, Tai Chi, Poetry, Painting. Mathematics, Theatre, Lecturing /Giving Workshops And Seminars, Music,
      Computers
                                                                                                                      PAGE


         Clearance: Secret (CNWDI), D.O.D. (12!79)

PUBLICATIONS
   BOOKS
       • Surgalla, M.J. And Surgalla LA.,
       The Nonsmoker's Companion. Full Court Press, New,Yorlc, 1998
   MASTER'S THESES
       • "A Needs Assessment And Evaluation Of The Applicability Of Microcomputer Use In The Student Affairs Division Of
       The State University Of New York College ACBuffalo",1983
       • "Effects Of Weak, Extremely Low Frequency Complex Electromagnetic Fields On Calcium Transport In Isolated
       Sarcoplasmic Reticulum". 1985                                                                                         -.
   PH.D. DISSERTATION                                                                                                      gz
       • (Proposed): "Use Of Solitary Wave Mechanistic Theory In Prediction Of Specific MacromolecularWeak Extrinsic Field
       Dynamic Conformational Interactions", 1989
   ARTICLES
       • Surgalla LA., "Nonlinear Dynamics: Mathematical Physics For Twenty-First Century Technology (A Tutorial For
       Engineers), Proceedings Of The 1990 Meeting Of The International Tesla Society, Colorado Springs, CO 1990
       • Surgalla, L.A., "Coupling Of Micromotion With Controlled Surface Properties To Minimize Fouling And Scale
       Formation" Proc. Of Amer. Soc. of Civil Engineers (Engineering Mechanics Division) 6th Specialty Conference,
       S.U.N.Y.A.B.,1987
       • Surgalla L.A., "Effects Of ELF Fields On Calcium Transport In Isolated Sarcoplasmic Reticulum.
       "Bioelectromagnetics Society 10th Annual Meeting Aestracts, Stamford, Connecticut, 1988       '
       • Surgalla, LA., "Electromagnetic Field Interactions With Biological Macromolecules," Proceedings Of The U.S.P.A.,
       pp. 77-85,1985.
       • Surgalla LA., "Molecular Mechanisms Of Magnetic Medicine, "Magnets, Vol.3,N4, pp 14-31, April,'1988.
       • Surgalla, L.A., "Surface Micromotional Effects On Bioadhesion," Proceedings Of The 40th Annual Conference On
       Engineering In Medicine And Biology, Niagara Falls, NY, 1987
       • Valone, T.F. and Surgalla L.A. "Progress Of U.S. Psychotronic Research,: Pursuit, Vol.6, N.3,pp 128-131, 1986.
CONFERENCE PRESENTATIONS (VIDEOS)
       • Surgalla, L.A., "Bioelectromagnetic Form Resonance and Energy Transduction Mechanisms In Living Systems," U.S.
       Psychotronics Association, Chicago, Illinois, (K5MB), 1986
       • Surgalla, LA., "ELF Effects On CellularMembranes," U.S. Psychotronics Association, Chicago;Illinois, (J6-A), 1985
      • Surgalla, L.A., "How Mind Forms Mauer From The Fundamental Field: Nonlinear Dynamics Of Psychophysical
       Interaction," U.S. Psychotronics Association, Chicago, Illinois, (Lb0-B), 1987.
      • Surgalla L•.A., "Molecular Mechanisms of Electromagnetic Medicine," U.S. Psychotronics Association Chicago,
      Illinois. (M200.A), 1988.
      • Surgalla, L.A. And Valone, T.F., "Controlling Bioenergy Fields With Applied Biochemistry," US. Psychotronics
      Association, Chicago, Illinois, (139-A), 1987.
         Surgalla LA. "Magnetohydrodynamic Effects In Biological Systems," U.S. Psychotronics Association, Chicago,
      Illinois, (N3-A), 1989
      • Surgalla LA., "Biophysics of Balance: The Healing Path," International Primal Association 25's Annual WA
      Convention, 1997
      • Surgalla LA., "Resonant Fields of Life;" Lily Daily Healing Association, 1996
      • Surgalla LA. & Valone, T.F., "Tantric Yoga," Global Sciences Congress, Denver, Colorado, 1990
TELEVISION PROGRAMS (VIDEOS)
      • Surgalla LA. & Valone, T.F., "Bioelectromagentics & Power Line Radiation" Series; Integrity Research Corp. (1988-
      1989)
      • Surgalla LA., "Powerline Radiation" Series, WKBW News. Buffalo, NY (1991)
                 the dealing Tatk
               Bfopkysics ofBalance
               Sponsored by: The Lily Dale Healing Association
                   *New Prayer Line 24 Hour access (716) 5952278`


                     Saturday, October 4,1997
                            10:00 am - 4:00 pm
                             Lyceum Building
                          Early Registration $40.00
                                (by September 19,1997)
                     Late Registration $45.00 (lunch not included)

This workshop will focus on cellular- molecular communication and
Planetarybiophysics (bioelectromagnetc, bioacoustic, and
biomerhanical frausduction from the cellular to the planetary level).

The physics underlyingmemory, past lives, growth and creation will be
addressed; asvvill the biophysics of breathworlly yoga, pranayama,
natural hygiene and personalfplanetary healing as bioresonance.

                         .£1171Surgal& - is a biophysicist, healer, holistic
                         teacher, and interdisciplinary scientist. She holds
                         degrees in Physics, Biophysics, Interdisciplinary•
                         Social Sciences, English Literature and University
                         Administration. Past vice-president of the U.S.
                         Psychotronics Association and Founder and President of
                         Integrity Research Corporation, Lynn is well known for
                         her work in bioelectromagnetics and psychophysics.

REGISTRATION FORM ($40 bySeptember 19,1997; $45 after September 20,1997)
Name:
         -
Stj&t:
City:                              I.


State:                                  Zip:

Phone H:                Phone W:
Amount Enclosed:
• Lynn Surgalla is the former president and Foundef of Integrity .Research
  Corporation where she directed research in Electromagnetic Medicine as well as
  in non-conventional energy production and detection. Lynn holds bachelors
  degrees in Physics, English, and Social Sciences , a masters degree in Natural
  Sciences from SUNY at Buffalo, a masters degree in Student Personnel
  Administration from SUCB, and a Ph.D. (ABD) in Biophysics from SUNYA_B. She
  was Satellite Operations Engineerfor Lockheed Missiles & Space Co., serving
   on two U.S. mission control teams (1979-1981) and a planner/analyst for Naystar
   IV, VI and VII satellite Launches . Her research work at Roswell Park Memorial
   Cancer Research Institute , in Buffalo (1983-1985), involved the biological effects
   of electromagnetic fields on imng systems. As a member o the Health
   Instrumeirts Devices Institute, a New York State Center for Advance Technology
   she researched, for Kodak, non-toxic system for resonant detection and
   removal of underwater films on ship hulls (1986-1988). She served asVlce-
   President of Integrity Electronics & Research, Inc. Thom 1983 to 1988, and is a
   former Vice-president of the U,S_ Psychotronics Association. She has lectured
   and published extensively on the topics of Bioelectromagnetics, Energy Medicine,
   Alternative energy technologies and electromagnetic. pollution, as well as Yogic.
    Hygiene, Vegetarianism and esoteric healing techniques. She is listed in numerous
    "Who's Who's" and is known for her ability to make abstruse scientific concepts
    clear and accessible, to non-scientists.
f?esonant Fields of Life

(A 5 hour Intensive Seminar in Bioelectromagnetics.)

This, seminar is designed to enable non-scientists and practicing healers to:

- ( Gain an intellectual understanding of the specific mechanisms by which energy
fields interact with biological systems.)

-(Learn about the intrinsic energy structures of living beings.)

-( Gain a clearer understanding of crystal energetics.)

-(Learn about mechanical, acoustic and electromagnetic resonance effects in
Dlologyj

-(Gain insight into the mathematical` physics which decribes biology and life.)

-(Learn how concldusness interacts with the fundamental field to create form.)

-(Couple theoretical understanding with practical knowledge_)

-(Learn which gadgets in the marketplace have a real physical effect (good or
bad) and which ones fall into the realm of "placebo'.)

-(Ask questions , exchange info .and have fun ! )
LYNN A. SURGALLA
DEPARTMENT OF BIOPHYSICAL SCIENCES
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT BUFFALO
BUFFALO, NY 14214


                    ABSTRACT


               THE BIOPHYSICS OF ENLIGHTENMENT
             (AND OTHER STATES OF CONSCIOUSNESS)


CHARACTERISTIC "STATES" OF HUMAN CONSCIOUSNESS -TYPICALLY
CORRESPOND TO CERTAIN "STATES" OF THE HUMAN ENERGY FIELD OR
"AURA." THESE, IN TURN, CORRESPOND TO BIOPHYSICAL CONDITIONS
EXISTING IN THE BODY. THIS TALK WILL EXPLAIN THIS BODY•/SOUL
CONNECTION AND ELUCIDATE SOME OF THE BIOPHYSICAL MECHANISMS
INVOLVED IN SPIRITUAL EVOLUTION. THE BIOPHYSICAL CHANGES
ASSOCIATED WITH THE CLASSICAL "ENLIGHTMENT" EXPERIENCE
WILL BE EXPLAINED. ALSO DISCUSSED, WILL -BE THE EFFECTS OF,.
EXTERNAL ELECTROMAGNETIC FIELDS ON THE PHYSICAL BODY AND ON
THE AURA. SPECIAL CONSIDERATION WILL BE GIVEN TO THE EFFECTS
OF THE. CURRENT SOLAR ENERGY FIELD ACTIVITY (THE STRONGEST
SUNSPOT/SOLAR FLARE ACTIVITY IN ALL OF RECORDED HISTORY) ON
THE BIOPHYSICAL AND SPIRITUAL HEALTH AND DEVELOPMENT OF HUMAN
BEINGS.
                                                "MOLECULAR MECHANISMS
                                                         OF
                                                  MAGNETIC MEDICINE"
                                                                        By LYNN A. SURUALLA
                                                 "DEPARTMENT OF`B1OPhYSICAt'SCIENC
                                                                       SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
                                           ,.STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT BUFFALO:
(Editors Note: LYNN A. SURGALLA, is Vice President of Integrity Electronics and Research, lne.Shc holds Bachelor degrees in Physics, English, and
sociology and Master of Science degrees in Molecular biophysics and in University Administration. She has worked as a Systems Engineer in the
aerospace industry and served on the U.S. Mission Coniiol Team for the.NAVSTAR Global Positioning System of satellites. She is currently
completing her Ph.D. in biophysics at the State University of New York at Buffalo and is conducting research in the field ollioelectromagnetics at
the Health Instrument Devices Institute. a New York State Center for,Advanced Technology.)


     INTRODUCTIDY
     Western science has made some great strides in the
     past decade. It is no accident that the greatest progress
     in recent years has been made in interdisciplinary
     fields such as Bioelectromagnetics, biomedical engi-
     neering, molecular electronics, etc. Indeed these as
     well as several other new academic disciplines have
     recently come into existence precisely because most
     of the new problems in science, engineering and medi-
     cine cannot be defined or solved within the context of
     any one of the traditional, discretely defined, scientific
     disciplines such as physics, chemistry, biology, dcc-
     tronics or mathematics. To solve today's challenging
     problems in medicine, all of these disciplines; must be
     called into play.
     It is a well-recognized and unfortunate phenomenon
     in Western science -that theory tends to dominate
     experimental evidence. Countless stories can be told
     of large bodies of experimental data which were
     accumulated by good researchers and duly replicated,
     but were ignored because the currently held;jhcories
     or "laws" of a particular scientific discipline could not
     explain or predict them: According to the "Scientific
     Method", it is the theories or "laws" which should then
     be revised in deference to experiment. In actuality, it is
     usually the experimental data that is questioned and/or
     ignored until a more comprehensive theory is de-
     veloped.

14    MARNIES                                                 -..nn
Such has been the fate of electromagnetic medicine in      resonant absorption frequency is in the Extremely
the West. Until the-past decade, the,    r'J 'ieit"-t     <.~~'tequenq (ELF) region. For Magnetic Resonance
scientific theories and perspectives which explain and     Imaging, where very strong magnetic fields (on the
predict the experimental data did not exist. Indeed,       order of I Tesla) are used to attain good spectral
they are still being developed; but enough theoretical     resolution, the.absotption frequency is in the radiofre-
groundwork has already been laid to usher in a new era     quenc' .region. NMR cab be used for the accurate
in Western Medicine. It has already begun.                 determination of nuclear- magnetic moments. It can
                                                           also be used in a sensitive form of magnetometer to
Medicaltechnologies can be divided into two cate-
                                                           measure magnetic fields. In medicine, NMR tomogra-
gories: diagnostic and therapeutic. New diagnostic
                                                           phy (MI I) produces images of tissue by magnetic
methods are usually quicker to be accepted and assimi-
lated into convention than are new methods of treat-       resonance techniques.
ment (especially, radically new methods). Such has
been the case with magnetic medical, techniques, Mag-
                                                            ELECTRON PARAMAGNETIC RESO-
netfc Resonance Imaging (MM), which subjects the            NAlYCE
patient to extremely high magnetic fields, has been
                                                            Electron Paramagnetic Resonance (EPR), also cailed .
accepted for years and is widely practiced. Most forms
                                                            Electron Spin Resonance (ESR), is used iii-
of magnetic therapy, however, are still awaiting FDA        spectroscopic methods to locate electrons within tlk
approval (although, in most cases, the fields involved   • -molecules of a paramagnetic substance- This provides
are much weaker than those used irrMki)°`-          ..
                                                            information regarding the bonds and structure of the
This article shall be devoted to: I) a review of the        substance. The spin of an unpaired electron is associ-
known mechanisms of biomagnetic interaction, 2) a           ated with a magnetic moment which can align itself in
review of some known biomagnetic effects, and some          one of two ways with an external magnetic field. The
speculation as to what mechanisms might apply in            two possible alignments correspond to different ener-
each case. Mechanisms which are utilized in or have         gy levels. There is a statistical probability, at normal
been invoked to explain effects in Magnetic Medicine        temperatures, that there will be lightly more electrons
include: 1) Nuclear Magnetic Resonance, 2) Electron         in  the lower state than in the higher. When
Paramagnetic Resonance, 3) Induction of current or          electromagnetic radiation of a resonant frequency is
an Electric Field, 4) Subsequent piezoelectric induc-       absorbed by the electrons, a transition to the higher
tion of mechanical motion, including molecular con-         state occurs. The frequency of radiation needed for
formational change,.5) Magnetohydrodgnamic Effects,         resonant absorption depends on the intensity of the
6) Cyclotron Resonance Phenomena,7)'Electromag-             ambient magnetic field. In EPR spectroscopy, where a
net "Resonance" effects on a macroscopic scale, 8) very strong field is used to attain good spectral resolu-
Weakeningofchemical bonds (affecting rates ofchem-          tion, the frequencies needed are in the microwave'
ical dissociation).                                         range. In the earth's geomagnetic field, the resonant
                                                            frequencies are in the ELF range. The precise energy
NUCLEAR MAGNETIC RESONANCE difference between the two states of an electron de-
Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR)„is the absorption          pends also on the surrounding electrons in the atom or
of electromagnetic radiation at a precise (resonant)        molecule.
frequency by a nucleus-with a non-zero-magnetic mo-
ment in an external magnetic field. The phenomenon
occurs if the nucleus has a non-zero spin (intrinsic        INDUCTION or VOLTAGE:
angular momentum); in which case it behaves as a
small magnet. In an external magnetic field, the nu-        Whenever an electric current flows, a magnetic field is
cleus' magnetic moment vector precesses about the           produced.Similarly, when charge is present in a chang-
field direction but only certain orientations are           ing (time-varying) magnetic field, a current flow is
allowed by quantum rules. Thus, for hydrogen there          induced. When a conductor moves through a magnet-
are two possible states in the presence of a field, each    ic field, cutting flux, a voltage is induced in the con-
with a slightly different energy. Nuclear magnetic reso-    ductor.  When flux cuts across a stationary conductora
nance is the absorption of radiation'at a photon energy     voltage  is similarly-induced. The voltage and the rate of
equal to the difference between these levels, causing a     cuttingthe flux are related by Faraday's law:
 transition from a lower to a higher energy state. The
fregs~ency of radiation necessary to effect this transi-                                  d4>
                                                                               - E_ -
tion depends on the strength of the ambient magnetic                                       dt
field. For atoms in the earth's geomagnetic field, the

                                                                           Cont. on page 26             IM1flIS i5
('on(. Irvin page I S

                                                              Charged particles move in helical trajectories, in a
PIEZOELFCRIC EFFECTS:                                         magnetic field. The'iarticjtlar tce4ucnt1 of particfcs`
                                             i
Piezoelectric induction of mechanical deformation             helical trajectory depends on its charge-to mass;ratio.
occurs when a voltage is induced in certain                   At a given frequency of electromagnetic excitation,
noncentrosymmetric crystals or polymers. Many im-             depending on the value'of the magnetic field and the
portant. biological polymers fall into this category          type of a particle, the particles spiral out from the
(Athenstaedt, 1974)- Subsequent to induction of a             center of a magnetic field at such a rate that their
voltage by an external, time-varying magnetic field,          period of revolution in the field equals the period of
piezoelectrically-induced mechanical motion may               the exciting EM-radiation, maintaining synchronism
occur (including conformational changes in certain            with the accelerating field. This phenomenon usually
piezoelectric macromolecules such as collagen and             involves excitation of large numbers of particles at the
DNA).                                                         same time. Their net response to the electromagnetic
                                                             -radiation-may-significantly-affcct4he-overall dielectric I
                                                              behavior of the material in which they move. A variety
MAGNETOIJYDRODYNAMI C                                         of wave propagation mechanisms may be observed4t
EFFECTS:                                                      which are associated with cyclotron resonancc,.in-
                                                              which electromagnetic energy is carried througtt a
Magnet .ohydrodynamics is the science which deals
with the dynamics or motion of conducting fluid inter-        solid by the spiraling carriers. The,sc,collcctiveex-
acting witlia magnetic field.The conducting fluid and          citations are generally referred to as plasma waves: For
                                                               a fixed input frequency, plasma waves are observed to
magnetic field interact through electric currents
which flow, in the fl uid.                                     travel through conducting solids at magnetic fields
                                                               higher than those required for cyclotron resonance.
The currents are induced as the conducting fluid and           Cyclotron resonance is more easily observed in low-
the magnetic field lines move across each other. In            density systems since collisions are much less frequent
turn, the currents influence both the magnetic field           than in solids. In such systems, the resonance process
and the motion of the fluid. Qualitatively, the.               offers a means of transferring large amounts of energy
magnetohydrodynamic interactions tend to link the              to the mobile ions. Theoretically predicted cyclotron
fluid and the field lines so as to make them move              resonance frequencies for important biological ions
together. The generation of the currents and. their            (Liboff, 1985) have been found to correspond to the
subsequent effects are governed by the familiar laws of        experimental frequencies which accelerate their
electricity and magnetism. The motion of a conductor           transport across biomembranes.
across magnetic lines of force causes a voltage drop or
electric field at right angles to the direction of the        MACROSCOPIC                      RESONANCE
motion and, the field lines. The induced voltage drop
causes a current to flow as on the armature of gener-         EFFECTS:
ator. The currents surround themselves with magnetic
                                                              All forms of matter, ranging in size from subatomic
field lines, heat the conductor, and give rise to me-
                                                              particles to large macroscopic bodies, have mechani-
chanical ponderomotive forces when flowing across a
                                                              cal, acoustic, an electromagnetic resonant frequencies
magneticfield. (Ponderomotiveforces cause thearma-
                                                              which are intrinsically related to their size, shape,
ture of an electric motor to turn). In a fluid, the pon-
                                                              density, and other physical properties. It iswell-known
derotnotive forces combine with the pressure forces
                                                              in physics that two self-oscillating systems, however,
to determine the fluid motion. All biological fluids are
                                                              weak the link between them may be, will become
ionic solutions. Most have been shown to be anionic
                                                              synchronized lithe difference between their frequen-
colloidal solutions 'or loosely .organized fluid-tissue:
                                                              cies is small. When an external frequency (however
(e& blood, saliva, sinovial fluid, etc.). Futhermore; the
                                                              weak) matches or coincides with an intrinsic resonant
flow ofionic currents across cell membranes and along
                                                              frequency of an object or energy field, the resonance
waveguides (eg. neural impulses) are necessary. func-
                                                              effect which occurs is known as entrainment: The
 tions for the existence of life. These ionic currents can
                                                              external field can entrain or drive a system at (or near
 be induced by and can interact with magnetic field in a
                                                              to) the system's intrinsic resonant frequency. Every
 classic magnetohydrodynamic fashion.
                                                              particle, atom, molecule, organelle, cell, tissue, organ,
                                                              and whole organism resonates 'at its own particular
                                                              intrinsically determined electromagnetic frequency.
CYCLOTRON                        RESONANCE                    Electroencephalographic (E.E.G.) measurements
EFFECTS:                                                      show that the electromagnetic field generated by the
                                                              human brain has frequencies in the extremely low
  uwurrn
frequency (ELF) region of the EM spectrum centering          is moments must coincide specifically for the bond to
around, se en pi. e!ght.I:lertz,Jbi' geld is the wave        form. When the two rotating (spinning) particIc-s
envelope of all of the electromagetic activity a'ri'sing     pulled by other forces away from their state of reso-
from all of the cells in the brain. It naturally resonates   nance, the bond "stretches" and, ultimately, breaks.
to, and is entrained by the Earth's intrinsic resonant EM    The faci that an electrons spin angular momentum is
field (the Schumann Resonance), but can also be en-          intrinsically coupled to its magnetic dipole moment
trained by artificially generated EM fields of the appro-    allows a "covalent bond" resonance or bond strength
priate frcqucncies. This resonant entrainment effect         to be affected by an external magnetic field.
can occur in every cell, organ and system of the body.
Effects can be initiated by externally applied time-         EXPERIMENTAL OBSERVATION &
varying magnetic fields which resonate to intrinsic
biological :frequencies. A sequence of events could
                                                             PROPOSED THEORETICAL EXPLA-
then be triggered involving possible piezoelectric in-       NATIOtIS
duction -of motion -or -molecular- conformational
change, altered rates of cellular, enzymatic, or organic     A wide range of biological effects have been induced
processes, altered chemical processes, or overall            by applied magnetic fields in both laboratory and clini-
systemic changes in the organism.                            cal experiments. A few of the most widely recognized _
                                                             and reproducible effects shall now be reviewed in
                                                             relation to the physical mechanisms which best.ex-
CHEMICAL BONDING EFFECTS:                                    plain theiit:

Covalent bonding between atoms to form molecules             ION TRANSPORT ACROSS CELLU-
is, itself •a resonance phenomenon. Briefly, electrons
(as well as all subatomic particles) are topologically
                                                             LAR MEMBRANES:
bounded vibratory patterns arisingfrom a fundamental
unified field which underlies all physical phenomena.        A number of researchers have reported effects of time
Electromagnetic energy manifests as wave behavior            varying magnetic fields on         flux- through mem-
propagating in this "medium" (which, when still, we          branes. Blackman, et al(1982)reported that a 16 I-li
term a vacuum state). Particles have been, traditional-      sinusoidally varying magnetic field caused increased
ly, treated by Quantum Theory as "wave-packets"              efflux ofcalcium ions from chick brain tissue in vitro. It
bounded by "Potential Wells" within the vacuum or            has been purported' in recent papers (McLead and
Fundamental Unified field. This type of mathematical         Liboff, 1986; Liboff, 1985) that the influence of ex-
treatment has been adequate to predict the quantum           ternally applied, low-level magneiic fields on biologi-
behavior of particles, but it is now generally agreed        cal,ion transport can be explained by cyclotron reso-
that a more adequate mathematical model for an elec-         nance theory: The cyclotron resonance frequencies
tron is a complex topologically closed vortex defined        for several biologically important ionssuch as calcium,
by.limit cycle behavior. An electron exhibits intrinsic      sodium, potassium, magnesium, etc:, all fall in the 10-
angular momentum, or "spin". The electron has.mag-           100 Hz range when the static magnetic field is in the
netic properties byvirtue of 1) its orbital motion about     amplitude range of the earth's field: There is a-
the nucleus of its parent atom; and. 2) its own "spin" or    perimental evidence that cyclotron resonance in cells
intrinsic angular momentum. There is a magnetic di-          exists (Thomas, et al, 1986).The calculated cyclotron
pole moment associated with each of these rotational          resonance frequencies of the various ions were found
motions. The classical analog of the orbital magnetic         to coincide with the experimental frequencies which
dipole moment          the dipole moment of a small           induced ion flux through cell membranes (Liboff, '
current-carrying circuit. The electron spin magnetic          1985).
dipole moment may be thought of as arising from the
 circulation of charge (eg. current flow) in the "spin-       ORIENTATION OF CELLS AND
 ning" motion or flow of the vortex. When atoms form
"covalent bonds" with other atoms to form molecules,          BIOMOLECULES IN INTENSE MAG-
 they entrain each other in resonance. We can measure         NETIC FIELDS AND MAGNETIC
 the magnetic resonance of the two nuclei (Nuclear
 Magnetic Resonance, described earlier). Futhermore,
                                                              FIELD EFFECTS ON CHEMICAL
a covalent bond is, itself, a state of resonant entrain-      REACTIONS:
 ment of the two electrons involved in the bond. Their        Alignment of molecular aggregates with sufficient di-
 spin frequencies, their energy states and their magnet       amagnetic anisotropy will occur in intense magnetic

                                                                                                         UAIMIQ en
'. Cont. from page ,—

  fields. Experimental results have been reviewed cottt-      nance mechanism. Piezoelectrically induced con-
  prehensively by' Maret and.Dran9feld ( i977;19.8L).- ~;            ^t^;.a'.:gtrcgw :in calcium pumping proteins.
  Muscle fibers (Arnold,aat, 1958) membranes (Hong,           such as Calcium-ATPase is another possible mech-
   1977, Neuebaur, et a1.1977), chloroplasts (Geacintov,      anism.
  et al, 1971), retinal elements (Chagneux, et al. 1977),
  bacteriophage fibers (Torbet & Maret, 1979), sickled
  erythrocytes (Murayama, 1965);and macromolecules            SUMMARY
   including nucleic acids (Maret, et at, 1977) have di-
  amagnetic anisotropy and have been aligned in in-           A wide variety of both static and time-varying magnet-
   tense, homogeneous magnetic fields. Highly oriented        ic. field effects have been observed in cellular, tissue
  structures can result from     polymerizatron    in an in-  and animal systems. The variety and range of effects are;
   tense field. In addition to polymer alignment, intense     far too great to begin to summarize in this article, bu
   magnetic fields may interact with biomaterials in other    the few examples cited here demonstrate a number o
  _ways: Cell mem-b'ranes are liquid cry"stall and are close' possible biophysical mecliaiiisrris ai work: 7lie tru
   to phase transitions at physiological temperatures.         test of any science is the development of good, soli
   Magnetic fields could affect membrane fluidity or          predictive theory which can accurately guide
   other properties. Magnetic orientation of di-              perimental research. What has begun to emerge intlle
   amagnetically anisotropic domains in artificial phos-      past decade, and is in the process of rapid groat, is
   polipid bilayers has been reported (Gaffney & McC-o^.- i = srrch-souachpt*dictive theory in the field of
   nell, 1974)- Magnetic fields of the order of .01, to .1     Biomagnetism and Magnetic Medicine. With the rapid
   Tesla can affect chemical reactions by influencing the      development ofsuch theoretical tools to complement
    electronic spin states of reaction intermediates           the explosion of experimental data and to guide new
   (Atkins, 1976). These effects can have biological con-      experimentation, we are likely to see a revolution in
   sequences (Swenberg, 1979, Pohl, 1967).                     medicine within the next decade.
                                                                REFERENCES
  CIRCULATORY     SYSTEMIC
  EFFECTS OF MAGNETIC FIELDS                                    Arnold, W., Steele, It, Mueller, H., "On the magnetic asymmetry of
                                                                muscle fibers," Proc. Nati. Acad. Sd USA., 44, 1, (1985).
  ON ORGANISMS:                                                 Athenstaedt, 1-i, "Pyroelectric and Piezoelectric Properties of Ver-
                                                                tebrates," Annals of the New York Academy of Science, Vol. 238,
  Static magnetic fields affect electrocardiograms in           (1974).
  mammals (Gaffey & Tenforde, 1981). Alterations in
                                                                 Atkins, P.W, "Magnetic field effects", Chem. Br. 12,214, (1976).
  the T-wave of rats, baboons and rabbits are reported at
  exposures above 0.3 Tesla and are due to the poten-             Bassett, CAL, Pawluk, R.J., Pilla, AA., "Acceleration of fracture
  tials associated with the flow of blood in the magnetic         repair by electromagnetic fields. A surgically noninvasive
                                                                . method," Ann N.Y- Acad. Sd., 238, 242, ( t974).
  field. As a result of magnetic induction, a conductive
  fluid such as blood will develop a transverse electrical       Blackman, C., et at, Radiation Research; Vo1.92, 510-520. (1982).
  potential when flowing in the presence of a magnetic           Chagneux, It.Chagneux, H., Chalazonitis, N.,"Decrease in magnet-
  field. Several studies with experimental animals have          ic anisotropy of external segments of the retinal rods after a total
  demonstrated the feasibility of exposing the whole             photolysis," Biophys. J., 18. 125, (1977).
  body, or a large segment of the body, to an external           Frankel, R.B., "Biological Effects of Static Magnetic Fields," CRC
  uniform magnetic field in order to measure blood flow          Handbook of Biological Effects of Electromagnetic Fields, Eds:
                                                                 Polk, C, & Postow, K, 169.196. (1986).
  rates in major circulating vessels (Okai & Oshima,
  1975).                                                         Gaffey, C.T., Tenforde, T.S., "Alterations in the rat electrocardio-
                                                                 gram induced - by stationary magnetic fields "BIOELECTRO-
                                                                 MAGNErICS, 2, 357, (1981).
   PULSED' MAGNETIC FIELD                                        Galtney, 8.3., McConnell, H.M., "Effect of magnetic Bdd on phos
                                                                 pholipid membranes, them. Phys. Let[, 24,310, (1974).
   EFFECTS ON BONE IIEALING:                                     Geacintov, N.E., van Nostrand, F, Pope, M., Tuticel,J-B., "Magnetic
                                                                 field effects on the chlorophyll fluorescence," in Chlorella,
   By using magnetic coils placed about a limb containing
                                                                 Biochim, Biophys. Acta, 226,486, (1971).
   a fractured bone, electric fields with a typical strength
   of 0.2 to 2.0 volts per meter can be induced within the       Hong, FT 'Photoelectric and magneto-orientation effects in pig-
                                                                 mented biologic membranes," J. Coll. Interface Sd., 58,471,
   bone tissue. Healing effects are found to be signal-          (1977).
   specific to certain frequencies in the ELF range (Bas-
   sett, eta!, 1974). The signal-specificity suggests a reso-    Kronenberg, ICJ., dagneticWaterTreatment De-MystiBe&'MAG-
                                                                 NETS, V2, NB, 6-15, (1987).
no UM J1I
• I36off, Alt. "Cyclotron resonance in membrane transport; in           Pohl, HA., Quantum Mechanics for Science and Engineering,
 ..(5Mabc:-..:&, Nicolini, G, Schawn,.H.P. (Ed&)t Interactions-Be-      Prentice-Hall, IngIgwood Cliffs N_L. 81. (L%31- -.
   tween Electromagnetic Fields an4 Cells." London: Plenum Press-P      Surgalla, LA., Effect of Weak Pulsed Extremely Low Frequency
   281,(1985).                                                          Electromagnetic Fields     Rate of         Transport iri'Isolated
  Maret,G.Dansficld. K."Biomolecules and polymers inhigh steady         Sareoptasmie Reticulum, Integrity Electronics and Research, Inc.,
  magnetic fields." in Applications ofstrong and I itrastrongMagnet-    Buffalo, N.Y., 5.34; (1985).:
  ic Fields, Herlach, F, (Ed.) Springer Verlag, Basel, (1981).          Surgalla, LA, "Electromagnetic Feld Interactions with Biological
  Marc!, G. Dnnsfield, K, iiMacromolecules and membranes in high        Maciomolecules" Proceedings of the USPA,(1985).
  magnetic fields," Physic{ 8G8BB, 1077, (1977).                        Swcnbcrg, C.E., 7Theoretical remarks on low magnetic field Inter-
  Mclead. B.R., Liboff, A.R.,"Dynamierl Characteristics ofMembrane      action with biological-systems.' in Magnetic Held Effects in
  ions in multi-field configurations at low frequencies," Bioclectro-   biological Systems Tenforde, Te (Ed.), Plenum Press, New York,
  magnetics, Vol. 7, 177-1989. (1986).                                  88,(1979}

  Murayama, M, "Orientation of sickled erythrocytes in a magnetic       Tenforde, T.S., "Interaction of ELF Magnetic Fields with Living
  field," Nature,-206420;(1965).                              •..... ...MattertCRC Handbook.MlBiologicaLEifccts.of.Eleetromagnctic
                                                                        Fields, Eds: Polk, C, & Postow, K, 169-196 (1986).
 .Neugebaur, D.C.. Blaurock, A.E., and Worcester, D.L. "Magnetic
  orientation of purple membranes demonstrated by optical               Thotnas, Jit,,Schrot,J, l4boQ A.R., "Low-intensity magnetic fields
  measurements and nuetron scattering," FEBS Lett, 7831,( 1977).        alter operant behavior in rats," bioelectromagnctics, Vol.7, 349-
                                                                        357,(1986).
  Okai, O., Oshima, M., "Magnetorheohnphy: calculation of blood
  flow, from surface induced potentials," Jpn. Heart J.. 16494,         Torbcrt,J., Maret, G, "Fibers of highly.oriented I'll bacteriophage
 '(1975).                                                               produced in a strong magnetic field," J,-Mol. IMol., 134, 843;
                                                                        (1979).
                                ELECTROMAGNETIC FIELD INTERACTIONS

                                  WITH BIOLOGICAL MACROMOLECULES

                                         •     by.Lynn Surgala, M.S.
                                        State University of NY at Buffalo
                                        Department of Biophysical Sciences


                                                                                                               1
    A great deal of work is now being devoted to experimental studies which show nonthermal, informatidnal in-
     teractions of various biological systems with electromagentic fields — especially with extremely low frequency
    (ELF) field components. Data are.accumulating which show chemical and conformational changes occurring in
    cells, organelles, and macromolecules in response to resonant interaction with various components of weak,
     non-ionizing electromagnetic signals. These changes have been found to be fairly signal-specific              well as
    system-specific with electromagnetic resonance appearing to be a key mechanism. At the same-time, a picture is
     emerging of biological systems as mixed/state, analog/digital micro/macro-electron circuit systems. Cell mem-
     branes are believed to be bandpass filters for electromagnetic signals entering the cell from its environment:and
     for intrinsically generated signals leaving the cell Microtubules have been found to be'waveguides, for solitary
     waves (solitons), as have certain polymers (which are now the basis for "biochips": in biocomputei ;research).
     Many biological organelles and macromolecules (including Nucleic Acids and many.proteins).havebeen;found
     to be highly pyroelectric (transducing"thermal:to electrical energy and vice versa) and:piezoelectric(transducing
     electrical to mechanical energy and vice,versa)..As more and more data is collected, cellular brganelles`.and
- macromolecules begin .to look more like components in electronic;circuifry:'Biological.systeinstapprdrto:be
     specifically designed for the purpose of generating and processing electromagnetic fields! '
     Although experimental data is mounting in the area of weak, non=ionizing;.infonnational iield'iuteiactions with
     cellular. components (organelles and macromolecules), what is seriously lacking is an organized predictive theory
     utilizing the specific biophysical parameters'of.a given macromolecule:(or organelle), e.g.'piezoelectrie'proper-
     ties, mechanical vibrational modes, coupling constants, possible waveguide properties, etc.,, ..to .predict the
     specific signal components with which it will interact in' an informational way (e.g:'conformational change,
     signal transduction,, etc., ... ). I'and my co-workers at the State University of NY at Buffalo:will.attempt a
     systematic structural and electronic analysis .of particular macromolecules coupled with a non=linear elec-'
      trodynamic analysis of potential signal characteristics (including'solitary wave mechanisms) which`.cdUld trigger
     conformational change in the macromolecule:{Most energy transduction effects biological systettis are highly
      non-linear events).
     Calcium ATPase (a calcium-ionti'ansport channel in biological membranes)'is a good eandidata'foi investiga-
      tion because multiple experiments with various systems have shown                  uptake. (against<a'gradient) in '
      response to specific weak A.C. field signals. Thus far; however, research has been mainly on whole;II cultures
      (Pilla, 1984). 1 have undertaken a study, at Roswell Park Memorial Institute in Buffalo, NY, testing ELFsignal
   • effects     the rate of calcium ion uptake by isolated cell membrane (sarcoplasmic reticulum) which.has been
      reconstituted-itto vesicles. The data is, as yet, incomplete and the experiment still in progress.] ivill'attempt to
 - .Sake a theoretical prediction of signal characteristics which should interact with the calclum-ATPase in such a
      way as to induce a conformational change in the channel. I         compare the, theoretical prediction with signals
     'which have, indeed, been found to•catalyzeJon transport and test the theoretically calculated signal (Fig. I). .
    • I would like to now summarize some of the pertinent research (both experimental and theoretical) e»rrently be-
      ing done in the areas of A.C:field/macromolecular interactions. It was reported at a recent meeting of the-
 - American Physical Society in Detroit that', the DNA helix was found to oscillate in resonance with certain fre-
     quencies of microwaves. The finding, by Mays L. Swicord and associates of the National Center for Devices and
      Radiological Health at the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in Rockville, MD, lias prompted the resear-
     chers to suggest_ that nonthermal genetic effects from low level microwaves are possible. Swicord's.group ex
      tracted and uncoiled DNA chains from the Bacteria E-coli. From a saline solution containing DNA chains of
      two specific lengths, the researchers obtained a resonance absorption curve for each length type as the frequency
            of the applied microwaves was varied in the neighborhood' of 3 GHz.°(Theorists such as Earl W.Prohofsky;
            Purdue University and others had predicted that microwaves could'resonantlf dri6e i'lddg'itiidinal' h'biatio:
            mode in DNA chains by electrically coupling with the ions residing on the backbone of the DNA'helix). It wa
            found experimentally that4axn ng of the helix:oscillations by'the surrounding aqueous solution did not occu
            to significant degree: '                                                                e'*= :• :+ .'. >t.`t ,'-.
            in one experiment with a solution containing a mixture of DNA chain lengths: Swicord record&an'ab'so%tioi
            coefficient for the DNA molecules that was 400 times greater than that for the solventaloheat II Gliz`(S'wicord
            1982). Localization of energy and the large;oscillations of the DNA-helix induced at'resonantz                    -ti
             Prohofsky; could'coneeivably result -in a.ntimber of adverse effects•suchias knocking off a'repressohiitilecu6
             that normally inhibits a'.'certain transcription process. Prohofsky has done calculations which indicate tha
             nucleosomesshould resonate at 4O GHz, but experiments.testing this have not yet been completed: Swk&d ha
            some preliminary .data, which indicates that resonance .also occurs in-whole•plasmids:He notes `that' tw other
         - research groups have observed that microwaves can disrupt chromosome-associated proteins ancausc
             chromosomes to uncoil (Swicord, 1983) (Fig. 2).                                                           .
             A.R. Liboff of the Naval Medical.Research Institute in Bethesda. MD reports that human fibroblüts1have ex-
             hibited enhanced DNA synthesis whenexposed to sinusoidally varying magnetic fields for a wide rgjtge of- fre-
             quencies, 15 Hz to 4 kHz, and amplitudes;(flux densities), 2J x 10-6 to 5.6 x 10'' Tesla). This effect;-which'is a:
             a maximum during the middle of, the S-phase of thc-cell cycle, appears to be independent of the time derivativt
             of the magnetic field, suggesting an underlying mechanism other than Faraday's law: The threshold is estimates
             Lobe between 0.5 x 10-5 and 2.5x 10_, Tesla.per second. The range of magnetic field amplitudes tested encom-
        - pass the static geomagnetic field suggesting the possibility of mutagenic interactions directly arising from short-
             term changes in the earth's'field'(Liboff, 1984).
          - Prohofsky believes that the vibrations of DNA are central to the.wacromolecule's interactions with the enzyme≤
+            that unzip the'heh5c and read'the'genetic. code within He also speculates that vibrational mechanisms could be
             the key that activates and facilitates enzymatic processes. In his "lactic dynamics theory_", Prohofsky models the
             DNA as a necklace olbase pair"beads latched together-by mechanical springs with the stiffness+determined by
             the strength of.'the'covalent hydrogen _bond, -and electrostatic forces. This is the same picture used to'inodel
             crystalline solids and simplifies the problem by the use of solid state mathematical techniques. A settof°allowable
             vibrational modes is plotted on dispersion curve, -which-relates-the frequency'of each mode:to'its'allowed
             wavelengths:(For DNA, this is'a`graph of vibrational frequency versus the phase shift between base'pair umts).
             There'are two'classes 'of modes: optical and:acoustic. The four acoustic modes in DNA are at the lower
                  and include a`compressional .mode,..two'transverse;bending motions and a torsional mode: Experiments
           "done at high frecinencies provide inform'atidiiabout• the stronger forces between nearby atoms:The acoustic
             data are used to estimatethe weaker, long-range forces in the DNA helix. It is believed that most of the informa=
             tion relevant to biology and gene expression is contained in .the lowerr frequency motion`:involving the
             cooperative movement of atoms over large sectioris'of DNA. These low frequencymotions due to. b ug-range
             forces enable the different parts of the macromolecule to intercommunicate over a distance (Ffg.:3). =1.-
             Great interest is now being taken in three'types of DNA motion: softening,:melting, and local modes of
                   Concomraitant with the conformation shift's between A-form and B-form and'B-form and Z-form,DNA is
             a dramatic shift in a particular vibrational`mbde of the macromolecule_ : It called the "soft" mode(as'in solid-
             state physics) because its frequency''approaches`zero or "softens" as the:atom geometry rearrangei .When the
             mode softens, the amplitude.'of the vibration grows so large that the original structure is.destablized-and:the
             molecule is drven into a new°geometry. 'By relating the change in water or salt content (dehyiiatingY•B-form.
             gives A-form; reducing salt-content in B4orm-gives Z-form) to dielectric constants that enter into .thc,caleula-
             tions of forces between atoms Prohofsky predicted that in the 'B to .A shift, it is the`lowest-lying'optical mode
             that softens: "The actual mode," he says,:"is:a conglomerate motion which has the backbones beatingagainst
             each other (thereby tilting the bases), coupled:with"breathing or swelling and untwisting of the helve . It looks
             just like the motion-required for-:moving'froni•'one conformation to'another" (Prohofsky, 1982):4Tlie
             predicts that an optical mode of 12 inverse centimeters (cm-+') will softes(*h-en the base'pair•to basbpaiCpltase
             shift is :zero). It has been shown using RAMAN-spectioscopy thaf'a•mode with the same general character (ac-
           . cept with a phase shift not equal to zero) does soften from 22 cm'' to 16•cm- '. (Lindsay, 1982):
             Prohofsky has.also finished preliminary calculations foi'the B to Z transformation; a more cotnplez change in-
             volving an intermediate geometry and hence two soft modes He has             proposed a scheme forDNA melting in
    -        which vibrations from. an enzyme'set the single. DNA strands oscillating against one another, stretching The
             hydrogen bonds in the process. The amplitude of these oscillating stretches progressively increases so the heat
             generated by this motion weakens the bondsLarger amplitudes create more heat until the bonds break. The
             melting of the DNA opens up transcription sites so that the sequences can be read. Prohofsky has identified a
- 'whicli.mn et Ktsubsonic velocities; may couple events in the extracellular doma ii ass::: sutr cet1aiut• j teri?zU.
   reaction-diffusion processes along lipoprotein molecules that extend through ten lipid bdayer-(Fig: 6)':
   Flgure4. COHERENTEXCITATIONS .;,r <`
   Three types of coherent ex      tpJiave becri proposed:.,. ;
        A. Coherent excitati n;' a si' gle'polar mode.
        B. Excitation of a metastable highly pbiat_ state; ibis includes solitons.        -
        C. Vibrations arising from more 'complex processes and giving rise to limit cycles or Lotka Volterra oscilla~iohs
   All three involve essentially nonlinear processes.

    Limit Cycle: The system is in a self-organized state, i.e. a periodic pattern is developed and maintained by nbniinet
                 processes and the influx and efflux of energy. A typical-example are coherent excitations and osadationt
                 and the related, energy storage mechanism.
                 Application offields/irradiated systems          -   -                                           1'
                                                                                                                 2'
   Entrainment: The system is synchronized-tb the external drive. A number of specific effects occur; they offejvery first
                explanation of some specifrc'effects found in biological irradiation experiments. We only mention- the oc-
                currence of sharp resonances, windows; time of irradiation and threshold effects, partial sensitivity losses
                and sensitivity increases. All these effects are weak intensity effects (northermal effects) they are fat
                from being explained..
    Bifurcations: The functional order oC the model systems is reorganized. The occurrence of strongly periodic states with

          1
                  submultiples of the external frequency enables the system to couple to other frequencies or to decouple
                  partially from the driving field.                                    -
       Col apse:..'The -onset of travelling waves causes the system to respond 'to extremely weak external signals, since most
                   of the energy stems from the internal oscillation. A transmission of a variety of signals (messages) is en-
                   coded in the waveforms.


                                                                                                                            ,..
                                                                                          fl'tit~eA~mlcd ~E,.:t
          ' Ll.elronte                                                                                                      dv    sr .
           Eachotlon •.
                                                                                                  . Si.it
                                                                                                             riosd6 nohai
                                                                                               son'
                            VK.ea
              pus


                                                                                                                      itr4em. Lbtes
              squolt


            Sopron

               plus

            CMnnlov
            nudluliun                                                     Sec   th     ed Ennl


    Figure 5. The Davydov model for soliton, formation. `          Figure 6. The biological role of solitons. A hypothetical
 - The "equation" along the left margin illustrates the            chemical event produces energy at one end of a long.
   energy balance in the formation of the soliton wave. The        chain molecule. The energy is transferred in the form ota
  "Cherenkov:radiation" in this figure consists of phonons         soliton along, the molecule and induces a secondary
    produced by the interaction.between the ucitation'mode        -chemical event at the-other end. (From lalviencE and
   and the chain deformation.mode.•The:production of              -Adey, 1981.) ..... . . ..14 - .
 ' phonons associsttd with.the:formation:,of solitons'ac              -         . .:.:... .,
   counts for the Icwer.energy state of thesoltont.and tlius '                                                                           a.
   its stability. (From Lawrence and Adey, 1981.) -
                 Stuart Hameroff and Richard• Watt, of the.University of Arizona andSteven Smith, of Los Alamos Nationa
                 Laboratories, have developed a theory linking.-biological information. processing due to coupling of Davydo~
              "solitons. Fr•ohhcli coherent .oscillations, :and: other..nonlinear electrodynanuc:phenomena:to:conformation
                 states:of the grid-like poly ger4ubstituents of cytoskeletal microtubules:In essence, the microtubules.serve a:
                  waveguides for'solitons,'which piopagate thong their length (Hammeroff, et al, 1984). Microtubules are'alsc
                = known to be Nighty pyroelectric.and pieioelectric.structures which generate an electromagnetic signal (as rhos
                  biological structures do) whenever theychap bconformation. They also change conformation in response to flit
                  stimulus of an appropriately resonant signal (Fig. 9. & 10).


                                                                                                                                                                    -
. ,: t. J -r.. .      •           a. ...J'.-": t'zt   J.       .~.:.. .1 •.t F.?.S LL:•i..lr:'. ::.ter'((. ",. •.
                   Figure 9. Schematic representafon of Lytosi(eletal lattice elements in vicinity of cell membrane. MT: microtubule, M
                   membrane, MP: membrane protein; MF: microfilaments, MTL: 9nicrotiabecular lattice;: GP: extracellnlar'glycoprotein
                   S:R- Ndmeioff, ci al.                                                                               .


                            i                              2                .-gr":-r                        1       -
                                                                                                                        e.     - r-::
                                                                                                                             ~1 ~ a

                                                                                                                             ai'.,tt' . .          .-s   ,z
                                                                                                                                                              •L.
                                                                                                                                                                    C.
                                                                                                                                                                ¼rd61
                                                                                       3a.0
                                                                                                                                            Vr -
                   F'gure 10. Coordinated transport by MT based •ATPase contractile sidearm proteins Signaling.for contractipn'.may oc-
                   cur by solitons propagating through the -MT 9attice:-'Iti'this tepresentation,•inclusion of sidearm base dimers in a dia-
                   mond" (4 contiguous aligned dipoles) :.; connotes-signal tp -contract. Diamonds. or other.structdres::may'dcriv&fioS
                   coherent oscillations (see automaton model) resulting pn solitons. S. R. Haareroff, et at                  ;


                   -The above are `only samplings of some of'ttie applicationsofaecn omagnet c resonance pfienoriienato biological
                    molecular mechanisms. The work being done in this area is progressing rapidly-and the'number:of=ieferai&s is
                    vast. Experimental findings are mushrooming which connect many frequency ranges of the.electromagnetic
                    spectrum with biological resonance phenomena, but one range in particular, the extremely low frequency (ELF)
                    range, deserves particular attention_ Signals in this rangehave.beth lound, experimeatallt1o,affeeS wide
                    range of biological systems, ranging from the whole organism to the molecular level. One possible mechanism
                    for the interaction of ELF fields with'niacroin61ecules resulting in conformational change, involves nuclear
                    magnetic resonance-proton-proton dipole-dipole coupling constants. The net spin of certain nuclei generates a
magnetic moment, causing these nuclei fo act like tiny bar magnets which align with an externally applied field.
(The energy needed to flip the proton depends on the sirength of the field.) When two protons are in close
enough proximity, their spins may resonantly couple. When we read an NMR spectrum, this coupling informa-
tion tells us about the environment of a proton with respect to other protons. This information can tell us the .
three-dimensional conformation of the macromolecule. Most of these coupling constants, which are measured
in Hertz, are in the extremely low frequency range (1-I00 Hz). It is probable that an external AC field with fre-
quency components equal to.the coupling constants at strategic points in the molecule (e.g. an enzyme's active
she) would resonantly couple with it and alter She coupling constants (possibly decoupling the protons and,
hence, altering the conformation — and. function — of the molecule).
I propose to experimentally investigate this possible mechanism by irradiating certain enzymes, which have been
categorized by NMR, with AC field frequencies equal to the dipole-dipole coupling constants present at their a
 tive sites and
             .. measure any change in conformation and/or function.                                             1.
                                                                                                                t


                                                    REFERENCES
 Adey, W.R., "Biological Effects of Low Energy Electro-magnetic Fields on the Central Nervous System", in
 Biological Effects & Dosimetry of Nonionizing Radiation, Eds. Grandolfe & Michaelson, Plenum Press, NY
 (1983).
 Athenstaedt, Annals of NY Academy of Science, (1974).
 Bullough, R.K., Nature, 292, 411-412, (1981).
 Davydov, A.S., & Kislukha, N.I., Phys. Stat. Sol., 59, 465, (1973).
 Davydov, A.S., "Solitons as Energy Carriers in Biological Systems", Studia Biophysica, 62, 1-8, (1977).
 Davydov, A.S., "Solitons in Molecular Systems", Physfca Scripta, 20, 387-394, (1979).
 Davydov, AS., .1. Theoretical Biology, 66, 379-87, (1977).
 Frohlich, H., Bioelectromagnetics, 3, 45, (1982).
 Frohlich, H., mt. J. Quant. Chem., 2, 641-649, (1968).
 Frohlich, H., P.N.A.S, 72, 4211-4215, (1975).                                                  -
 Hakim, M.B., Lindsay, S.M., & Powell, J.J, Biopolymers, 7, 1185-1192, (1984).
 Hameroff, S.R., et al., "Nonlinear Electrodynamics in Cytoskeletons", in Nonlinear Electrodynamics in
 Biological Systems, Eds. Adey & Lawrence, Plenum Press, NY (1984).
 Lane, S.P., "The Modification. of Davydov Solitons by the Extrinsic H-N-C=O Group", Nonlinear Elec-
 trodynamics in Biological Systems, Eds. W:R. Adey & R.F. Lawrence, Plenum Press, NY (1984).
 Lawrence, A.F., & Adey, W.R., Neurot Res., (1981).
  Hasted, J.B., et al, in Coherent Excitations in Biological Systems, Ed. by H. Frohlich & F. Kramer, Springer-
• Verlag, Berlin, Heidleberg, (1983).          I.


 Liboff, At, Science, 223, 818-819, (1984):
 Liboff, A.R., Annals of the NYAcademy of Science, 238, 1974).
 Lindsay, S.M., Powell, J. Biopolymers, 9: 2045-60, (1983).
 Pilla, Journal of Bioelectricity, 3 (1 & 2), 3-18, (1984).
 Pohl, H.A., J. Bioenerg.Biomembr., 3-4, 149-69, (1981).
 Pohl, WA., Nonlinear Electrodynamics in Biological Systems Eds. Adey & Lawrence; Plenum Press. (1984)
PProhofsky, E.W. Biopolymers, 23, 1975, (1984).
 Prohofsky, E.W. Mechanisms Microwave. 7, (1979).
 Prohofsky, E.W. Phys. Letters A., 70, 492, (1979).


 ,,ft   r..   -... a.-_.w:. ...                           ow
Prohofsky, E.W: Coiiiments Mol. Cell Bioto~y;. y, 55; (1983;
Swicord, M.L.;.Bioelectromagnet1cs,.4, 21, (1983). -
Swicord, M.L., Biopotymers, 24, 21, 0984).                      -
Swicord, M.L, Biopolymers, 22, 2513, (1983).
`Swicord, M.L.;. Biopolymers,.21; .2453, (1982).                -


                                                    1U,1,difaur :,
                                          - h eU.itSsws r,7thouonk,Auuciaiion
                                          3459MonttosAnnm e.Cbkijo. UGnoi,W61i
                                                  jZr
                                                                                           2b02—


                                        y joifs
                                 ®rum pmtests
                            By SAMUEL P, NRZE                   "gendinely s
                           mASTacarorartonraraausaAu                               . of .thd`
                                                              •:ilnestt most tnte111 t,
                                 For Monmouth Beach ethidafly and spirifnally
                              resident.. Lynn . Surgalla, beautiful people'on the
                              this ,weekend's gathering planet"'
                             of some Z709 business and - '2f 3s mlprtant
                                                                                        that
                             governn9eatleaders at the people aa ea educated to the..
                             World Ecbnonuc Forum in fact that
                             New York presented a per- of                 tbis:sinall'group
                             fect                                  businessmen is "not.
                                            fly to      ess qualified in any way..to.
                             her discontent,           r ...Sake decisions for the.
                               Sin-galls, along with her other 99
                          .:husband, 9-yea-0jd sou fly" shepercentofhumansaid- "They have
                                                                                             . ..
                                     family friend, at-       Amasond    a huge amount of
                            tanendea                          wealth where ,they think
                            ton Square PPark Fr    ~riday they can buy and sell
                           night and: marched emments,:politicians gov                 and.
                           through the §heels on Sat- mnitaries, including our- .
                           urday t I3rotest what she own."
                           call" he greed and moral
                                                                Among the topes            r .. '
                      r de ent gfeloramtspar                 drscnssion at the'.:forum
                                Pants?epment         -
                                                     ;,w     axeU. %f°r?
                                                   er re- the downside         1~o1iSi?aad:=
                         search scientist, said she lion.                    of globaliza
                         considers;irerself an• envi-           The forum„demonstra_.
                         ronmental. and:•social .ac- tions
                         tivist:::                                  attracted. q W0:pro
                                                            testers at their height on
                       -                 eredted=-•Nero Saturday by some
                       • York ,.Clfy,`pollce-;~                                       esti-
                                                           mates =--
                        for#Ixeir-poise:in monjtor. timafed far belew the es-'
                        tog            rotest                          50,000 who de-
                                        higglwst           scended upon Seattle, and
                            ved her               Praise
                       for fellow::uprotesters, the 100,U01j. who came to
                       wham .,she described'( as
                                                                See Forum, Page 82.


                                  groups pushing for labor rights,
       Forum                      a cleaner environment, peace,
                                  and the rescue of democracy
                                  from corporate influence, Sur-
         From Page Bl             gala said. In general, she said,
                                  the protesters' message shared
Genoa, Italy, for global eco- common        themes: Desire for per-
       conferences.               sonal  wealth should give way to
nomic                                        help the less fortunate
                                  efforts to
   Protests during yesterday's and less money should be spent
fourth day of the forum, which on military operations and
is being held at the WaldorfAs- more on humanitarian aid for
toria, drew small numbers of ac- the world's hungry and desti-
tivists, but resulted in 154 ar- tute.
rests, the largest one-day total
since the forum began- Acts of       In the days before the forum,
civil disobedience and one case    police made a public display of
    vandalism were  reported, but  their crowd -control training.                                             sPECIALTO TIE PRESS
 of
 the streets   remained   mostly                                                           Beach, joins aprotestol the World
 peaceful yesterday.               The Associated Press contributed Lynn Surgalla,Monmomth
                                                                                        York%Washington Square Park Friday-
                                                                     EconomlcporuminNeW
    Among the protesters were to this story
                                                                                                OUTLOOK ©000

                                                                                                 Norseen. it leaves a fingerprint? Rio:.
                                                                                                 Fusionwould reveal the fingerprints of
                            I DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY
                                                                                                iRe      brain byusing mathematical models.

                     John Norseen                                                                1ustTikc you can findonepersonin a mil-
                                                                                                 Iinnthniuglifingerprints,"hesays, }oiF
                                                                                                 Bari find oirc Iliouglifin a million."
  Reading yourniznd-and itzjectingsmart thong!its                                                      it sounds crazy, but Uncle Sam is I is-
                                                                                                  tening. The National Aeronautics and
                                                                  d                              Space Administration, the Defense Ad-
     BY DOUGLAS PASTERNAK                      ciety at large. The former Nayt• pilot
                                                                                                 :aiicedRe arctlrrolectsAgenn•.andtltc '
                                               coined the term "l3ioIunion" to cover Iris
                                                                                                  iGntcs Naliorial"Ground Intelligence

B
      uck Rogers. meet iohn Norseen.           plans to map and manipulate gray mat-
      Like the comic-strip hero, a 20th-       ter, lcaiTtiig tiii7tojics7io ;idvances in         Cenlefi;ii       allawarded small basic re-          ,
      century man stuck in the 25th ccn-       medicine, national security,and enter-             searclicuntracts to Norseen, whoworks for
tun', Norseen feels he's not quite in the                                                         Lovkbtcd Martin's lntellibtnt$vstems                 '
                                               tainment. lie does not do the research but
right time: h is brain-research ideas are      sees himself as the integrator ofd iscov-          CSfTsiunNorseeniswaitinglohearifthe                'P'
simply too futuristic. And he admits his                                                          second stage ofthesecontracts—portions              }
                                               cries that will make BioFusion a reality.
current obsession seems to have been lilt-                                                        uflhent classified—conies through.                 f`
                                                   BioFusion would he able to convert
ed from a Rogers saga. The Lockheed                                                                     Norseens theories aregruundedinSir- j,
                                               thoughtsmtocomputercommands• pre-
Martin neuroengiueer hopes In turn t to                                                            rent scicnct.FNatlinll- g human brain tune-
                                               rlllctsNorseen,bydeelpherintitliLTirams
                                                                                                   h0!Isis now—.---. urinc~lyvicwingabraili -.
electroh}'priomenta iphune,"a mind-            electricalacti:itv.Electromagneticpuls_
readiii machine invented by one of                                                                scan recorded l va magnetic resonance
                                               es would tri erthereleaseollhebrains
Sucksbuddies; rorilscieiice fiction into                  — ~                                   , ia'i,., . ;P:1::') machine, scientists can
                                               own neurotransmitterstofightofflEa-
sc:3nce fact..                                                                                     teiloilatiuc person wasdomgal the tame
                                               easeeniianccicarnrrig,oralterthe nund s
   Norseen's interest in the brain stems                                                           ol'the recording —sat, reading orwriting.
                                               visual images, creating what Norseen has
from a Soviet book he read in the mid-                                                             Emotions fro`ni1ove to hate can be recog-
                                               dubbed "synthetic reality."
1980s, claiming that research on the niind                                                         nized Iron the brains electrical activity.
                                                   The keyisfinding"brainprints." 71rink
would revolutionize the military and so-                                                                Thought police. So could themurderous
                                               ofyourhand touching a mirror,"explains
                                                                                                   thoughts ola terrorist, asserts Norseen•
                                                                                                   who wrote his thesis at the Naval War col-
                                                                                                   lege oil applying neuroscience reseal; h
                                                                                                   ot hititerrorisni. lie has submitted a re-
                                                                                                   search-and-development plan to the Pen-
                                                                                                   tagon, at its request, to identifya tgrror:
                                                                                                   ist's mental profile. A miniaturized
                                                                                                 ltram-napping devfcc inside an airport
                                                                                             ,     mtt- l detectorivould'scceenpnssengers'
                                                                                                   brain patterns against a dictionary of
                                                                                                   brain pdnts.Norseen predicts profilitig
                                                                                                   by brain print will be in place by 2005.—
                                                                                               '7 Apilotcouldilvaplanebymerclytunk-
                                                                                                I ing, says Norseen. Scientists havealready
                                                                                             I 1 (inked mind and machine byimplant-
                                                                                                    ing electrodes into a.para~^ied man's
                                                                                                    brain;he can control a computers cursor
                                                                                                    with hismind. Norseen wottldlike todmw
                                                                                                    upon Russian brain-mimickingsoftware
                                                                                                    and Ai1biiian bTai            iji iii jbreak-
                                                                                                     througis to afI That communication to
                                                                                                     take place in a less invasive way. A mod
                                                                                                     ifled helmet could record a pilot's brain
                                                                                                    .Laves. "When you say nT 090 degrees,"
                                                                                                     says Norseen, theeompiiteF*      iThTscethat
                                                                                                     electrical patternm t&EritnanttiTh 1ie
                                                                                                     jiiane 0         !    . If the pilot misheard
                                                                                                     instructions to turn 090 degrees and was
                                                                                             ~    .thinkii "o80degrees,=the-helmet would
                                                                                                     detect the error [lien
                                                                                                \berviacleitiofnagnetu waves:
                                                                                                                              inj    the right un m-

                                                                                                         lfll s researchpansout,says Norseen,
                                                                                                     "you can beggin to manipulatewhat sonic-
                                                                                                      one ts.thinkin¢ even before theyknow il."
                                                                                                     -But Norseen-sayshe is"agnostic" on the
                                                                                                      moral ramifications, that he's not a mad
 Born: July 17,1954,Pittsburgh. Education: BS„ Penn State, M.S., University of South-
                                                                                                      scientist —just a dedicated one. "The
 ern California. Credo: "To endure, prevail, and conquer." Coal: to be czar of US.Rio-                ethics don't concern me," he says. "but
 Fusion Research.Favorite iv series: The Twilight Zone.Favorite song:"l Cot the Mes-                  they should concern someone else"•
 sage" by ZZ Top. Biggest thrill: being catapulted in a jet off an aircraft carrier.
                                                                                                   68    n.S.Nt3rs&woaLiIREPoRT.JANL'ART3
                              C.s.NElws&%v,'Ru, RF.PORT.JANuART31JAROARy 1(1,2000      (i7
                                             ... GLGBAL NEWS ...
        COMPUTERS READ BRAINWAVES x'                                     :GLOBAL TAXATION SYSTEM ON THE AGENDA
           IN TELEPATHIC NEWS SERVICE                       It wtlf neyerhappet4 ;was the ahno t universal twponseto ourfust ie(wrts on glob-
              ommunication via thought waves and                al taxation neatly a decade ago. The folks at the United Nations however, believe
        C     personalised radio stations will chal-
                                                                    r e
                                                          that it will happen—and soon. In fact, another World Conference ts,being planned. ,
        lenge traditional news media, according to March 82Z 2002,m Monterrey, Mexico, to consider the recommendations of a spd=.
                                                                                                                                                     .for

        an American journalism academic.                  cial Higli I LPanel of .. Financing.for Development,. that has been working since the
           Former New York Times journalist and Millenn um°Summit last year. The preliminary draft report of the panel is now:public
        University of Maryland Dean of and—surprise, surprise—global taxation is among the recommendations
        Journalism Thomas Kunkel told a confer-              Their reportAis~much more comprehensive than just global taxation .it proposes UN
        ence in Brisbane that technology      was   not   controloveraBeconomic        activity. Theentirereportrsavarlableatwwwup.org/esallTd/.'.
        merely   marching  ahead,  it was sprinting.         At  the time,, manyspeople    dismissed this Millennium Declaration as just more hot air
td   ..     "Forget the technology of the 21st cenm-      expelled   by  ego-bloated   bureaucrats.,    In reality,:since it was adopted by he heads of
                                                          state  from  more   tlt      nations    it is carte blanche approval for the United Nations to:
        ry; just in the next five or 10 years we will
                                                          do  whatever   igtak     d'    eveglotizl`govemance
        be confronted with Buck Rogers kind of
                                                             The report'cefaig         major recommendations ranging from poor countries gettingt
        developments," Mr Kunkel said.
                                                           their economic Mouse        icier toa global taxing organisation. These include.              l
            "In the past two weeks I have had con-                                     4"cbuntnes contribute 0.7 per cent of eDP:to'deve!opthn d
                                                             • assunng'tha  dev
         versations with serious people about how                                      nto "common pool" for distribution by the UN ,
                                                                                                                                                 ~
                                                          for developing count
         close we arc to being able to communicate           + creating a glob         nionucSecurity Council as proposed by the Commrssion;oil
         via thought Not telekinesis hocus-pocus, GlobalGovern mr                       y         a
                                                                                                                                                 s «v`
         but through the ability of  computers  to read      • creating an Internntional'Tax Organization                                         s
         individual btainwave fingerprints. Imagine            establishing    an "adequate   international  tax source    namely, the Tobin Tax on cur-
                                                                                        2 K~ gx
         the commercial, not to mention the moral rency exchange     3      e`    ds               x
                                                                                   agl l tax on carbon (thef use of fossil ,fuels)
                                                                                                                                                          ,

         and ethical, im_rlications of that."                These four recommendationsare only the'skeletoniof global economic control ,Other
            He said US researchers had also devel-         recommendations also call for , closer coordination"                               the World'
         oped the ability to transmit super micro Brink, [fie International am~ary          -     ~                 o of such"institutions as
                                                                                                     Fund the           'Trade Oiganiza an the united
         radiofrequencies.                                 Nations:             mU` Program, and "partners from llusmessfcivil             ety and otheç
            "This could open up the prospect of per- inter
         sonalised broadcasting of information.
         your own channel, if you will; directed at
         you only, that operates on your behalf, that
         operates 24 hours a day," Mr Kunkel said.
             He said the changes, coupled with a
          greater emphasis on profits and corporate
          rationalisation, meant journalists and news
          organisations needed to consider more
          carefully the fundamentals of their profes-
          sion—such as news values and ethics.
          (Source: by Paul Osborne, AMP, Herald
                                                        r
          and Weekly Times, July 16,1001)

           SILICON-SPEAK AT LIGHT SPEED
          P a world first for Australian researchers,
          IProfessor Martin Green, who headed a                                         organ.~attonrs ignite: .itiousi
          team from the University of New South                                          Inc.  iii   li  in a ln
                                                                                            E.. , 1 egVi~iulA„~l~

          Wales, has announced that they have found                                        benetiits such an organisattio
          a way for silicon microchips to communi-                                      , for example to ensure thatevi
                        thus paving the way for even                                    toletaxratesruinto 0`ndevh
          ~B
          cate
           aster and more powerful computers.                                            the
            The new silicon devices eliminate the                                       po'liciek"3sieginng'a.foreigli
          need for the circuitry and wiring currently                                     y rt)come'tairsm        oaohfyX;
                                                                                         as of formulating lbba1incc
          used for communicating between chips
            This means.microchips can send signals
                                                                                 snif     cuanty f ~tl'e y person ever in nosgn
          to each other directly, this increasing pro-
                                                                                   an>salron is on the agenda forp the it3a~h tneeung;_~ tYnh tlto i
          cessing speed and because the light is pro-
                                                                                 IonLsThis is real—it is not fantasy—and It Es being promoted"by,the•"'.
          duced by a small amount of energy, the cir-
          cuit can be opened up for new operations.                              Source by Henry Iamb I nvimnmeirat Conservation Organization;'
          (Source: The Weekend Australian, August                                   sH             hfP.aCeco reedomsorg/e12001O901Ygpnhultjj:
          15-16, 2001, wwxjheaustmliaxrom.au)


          NOVEMBER— DECEMBER 2001                                      www.nexusmagazine.com                                       NEXUS New Times • 9
Major Electromagnetic Mind Control Projects                                          Page To1 3


              Major Electromagnetic Mind Control Projects
                          Leading Edge International Research Group

 • Return to Electromagnetic Menu

 •Project•Moonstruck, 1952, CIA:

 Electronic implants in brain and teeth
 Targeting: Long range
 Implanted during surgery or surreptitiously during abduction
 Frequency range: HF- ELF transceiver implants                                             x
 Purpose: Tracking, mind and behavior control, conditioning, programming, covert operation
 Functional Basis: Electronic Stimulation of the Brain, E.S.B.

 •Project MK-ULTRA, 1953, CIA:

 Drugs, electronics and electroshock
 Targeting: Short range
 Frequencies: VHF HF UHF modulated at ELF
 Transmission and Reception: Local production
 Purpose: Programming behavior, creation of "cyborg" mentalities
 Effects: narcoleptic trance, programming by suggestion
 Subprojects: Many.
 Pseudonym: Project Artichoke
 Functional Basis: Electronic Dissolution of Memory, E.D.O.M.

 •Project Orion, 1958, U.S.A.F:

 Drugs, hypnosis, and ESB
 Targeting: Short range, in person
 Frequencies: ELF Modulation
 Transmission and Reception: Radar, microwaves, modulated at ELF frequencies
 Purpose: Top security personnel debreiting, programming, insure security and loyalty
 Pseudonym: "Dreamland"                                   —~v

 • MK-DELTA, 1960, CIA:

  Fine-tuned electromagnetic subliminal programming
  Targeting: Long Range
  Frequencies: VHF HF UHF lv$odulated at ELF
  Transmission and Reception: Television antennae, radio antennae, power lines, mattress spring
  coils, modulation on. 60 Hz wiring. i
  Purpose: programming behavior and attitudes in general population
  Effects: fatigue, mood swings, behavior dysfunction and social criminality, mood swings
  Pseudonym: "Deep Sleep", RH.I.C:1


http://wwwirotas.org/research/projects.html                                              2/16/00
Major Electromagnetic Mind Control Projects                                           Page 2 of 3


 .PHOENIX II, 1983, U.S.A.F, VSA;

 Location: Montauk, Long Island
 Electronic multi-directional targeting of select population groups
 Targeting: Medium range
 Frequencies: Radar, microwaves. EHF UHF modulated
 Power: Gigawatt through Terawatt
 Purpose: Loading Of Earth Grids, planetary sonombulesccnce to stave off geological activity,
 specific-point earthquake creation, population programming for sensitized individuals
 Pseudonym:"Rainbow", ZAP

 .TRIDENT, 1989, ONR, NSA:

 Electronic directed targeting of individuals or populations
 Targeting: Large population groups assembled
 Display: Black helicopters flying in triad formation of three
 Power: 100,000 watts
 Frequency: UHF
 Purpose: Large group management and behavior control, riot control
 Allied Agencies: FEMA
 Pseudonym: "Black Triad" A.E.M.0

 . RF MEDIA, 1990, CIA:

 Electronic, multi-directional subliminal suggestion and programming
 Location: Boulder, Colorado (Location of main cell telephone node, national television
 synchronization node)
 Targeting: national population of the United States
 Frequencies: ULF VHF HF Phase modulation
 Power: Gigawatts
 Implementation: Television and radio communications, the "videodrome" signals
 Purpose: Programming and triggering behavioral desire, subversion of psychic abilities of
 population, preparatory processing for mass electromagnetic control
 Pseudonym: "Buzz Saw" E.E:M.C.

 .TOWER, 1990, CIA, NSA:

 Electronic cross country subliminal programming and suggestion
 Targeting: Mass population, short-range intervals, long-range cumulative
 Frequencies: Microwave, El-IF SHF
 .Methodology: Cellular telephone system, ELF modulation
 Purpose: Programming througli neural resonance and encoded information
 Effect: Neural degeneration, DNA resonance modification, psychic suppression
 Pseudonym: "Wedding Bells"

 . HAARP. 1995, CIA, NSA, ONR:

  Electromagnetic resonant induction and mass population control
hnp:;h%ww_tnt tax.ore research/projects.html                                              1' 16/00
                                                                                  r3irze i bt Y    .t
Major Electromagnetic Mind Control Projects                                            Page 3 of 3 fit '


 Location± Gakona. Alaska
 Frequencies: Atmospheric phase-locked resonant UHF VHF
 Potential: DNA code alteration in population and mass behavior modification
 Power: taiga-watt to Ten-watt range
 Step-Donn reflective frequencies: Approx LI G1k; Human DNA resonant frequcnc~, cellular
 system phase-lock.

 .PROJECT CLEAN SWEEP, 1997,1998, CIA, NSA, ONR:

 Electromagnetic resonant induction and mass ,population..control . ..     ..
 Location: Nationwide
 Frequencies: Emotional wavelengths, data gathering through helocopter probes following
 media events - rehroadcast.in orderto. restimulate population emotional levels for recreation
 event scenarios. Ref: LE#IU8,March 1998
 Potential: Mass behavior modification
 Power: Unknown. Possibly rebroadcast through GWEN. netwwtor cellular tower frequencies,
 coordinated from NUS in Colorado.


  izieezv                             I


                                          if


hnp:: ttt.trntas.or_ -research/projects.html                                               2116/00
  tctromagnetic Warfare                                                                        Page 1 of 6 '
  I


                                Electromagnetic Warfare
   Go tip Electromagnetic Studies Menu
 The Soviets have led the way in learning about the risks of electropollution. and, as     have seen.
 they've apparently been the first to harness those dangers for malicious intent. l-Ib*ever- the spectrum
 of potential weapons extends far beyond the limits of the Moscow signal. and Americans have been
 actively exploring some of them for many years. Most or all of the following EMR'etTects can be
 scaled tip or down for use against individuals or whole crowds and armies:

 The crudest of these armaments would be a sort of electromagnetic flamethrower with a greater range
 than chemical types. Dogs were cooked to death in experiments at the Naval Medical Research
 Institute as long ago as 1955,and high-power transmitters using short UHFwavelengths can severely j
 bum exposed skin in seconds.                                                                        :

 Electromagnetic pulse (EMP) is a term designating the immensely powerful. near-instantaneous
 surge of electromagnetic energy produced by a nuclear explosion. It was first discovered in the late
 1960s. The EMP from one detonation a few thousand miles above the earth would destroy all
 electrical systems throughout an entire continent. In the early 1970s new types of EMR generators.
 emitting power levels ten or twenty times higher than ever before were developed in an effort to
 simulate EMP and help devise communications systems shielded from it. In 1973 these transmitters
 were described m an invitation-only seminar at the Naval Weapons Laboratory in Dahlgren. Virginia,
 where their use for antipersonnel and anti-ballistic-missle energy beams were discussed. No
 information about their subsequent development has since been made public, and the difficulties of•
 long-range missle tracking argue that ABM beams haven't yet become feasible, but there are no such
 difficulties in the way of EMR beam weapons for use against unshielded people.

 At some UHF power densities there's an insidious moth-to-the flame allurement, which would
 increase such a weapon's effectiveness. As discoverer Sol Michaelson described it in 1958,each of
 the dogs used in his experiments "began to struggle for release from the sling," showing
 "considerable agitation and muscular activity," yet "for some reason the animal continues to face the
 horn." Perhaps as part of the same effect, UHF beams can also induce muscular weakness and
 lethargy. In Soviet experiments with rats in 1960, five minutes of exposure to 100,000 microwats
 reduced swimming time in an endurance test from sixty minutes to six.

 Allen Frey's discovery that certain pulsed microwave beams increased the permeability of the blood-
 brain barrier could be turned into a supplemental weapon to enhance the effects of drugs, bacteria, or
 poisons.

 The calcium-outflow windows discovered by Ross Adey could be used to interfere with the
 functioning of the entire brain.

:.In the early 1960s Frey found that when microwaves of 30010 3.000 megahertz were pulsed at
  specific rates. humans (even deaf people) could "hear" them. The beam caused a booming, hissing;
  clicking, or buzzing, depending on the exact frequency and pulse rate, and the sound seemed to come
  from just behind the head.

 At first-Frey was ridiculed for this announcement, just like many radar technicians who'd been told

httpJ/www.futuredynamicadvantage.com/learchives/emf-war.html                                       2/16/00
    Electromagnetic Warfare                                                                        Page 2 of 6


     thev were crazy for hearing certain radar beams. Later work has shown that the microwaves are
     sensed somewhere in the tern oral re 'ion list above and slightly in front of the ears. The
     p enomenon apparently results from pressure waves set up in brain tissue, some of which activate the
     sound receptors of the inner ear via bone conduction, while others directly stimulate nerve cells in the
     audito~pathways. Experiments on rats have shown that a strong signal can generate a sound pressure
     of 120 decibels, or approximately the level near a jet engine at takeoff.

     Obviously such a beam could cause humans severe pain and prevent all voice communication, that
     the same effect can be used more subtly was demonstrated -in 1973 by Dr. Joseph C. Sharp of the
     Walter Reed Atmv Institute of Research. Sharp. serving as a test subject himself, heard and
     understood spoken-words delivered 4o-him in-an echo-free,isolation.chamber.viaa.pulsed-microwave. ,
     audiogram (an analog of the word's sound vibrations) beamed intg his brain Such a device has
     obvithus applications in covert operations designed to drive a target crazy with "voices" or deliver
     undetectable instructions Td-a-progrdmmed as§5ssiri: ThePe are also indications that other pulsed_
     Fre uenctes cause similiar pressure waves in other tissues, which could disrupt various metabolic
     processes. A group under R.G. Olsen and J.D. unsse~ tt at the Naval Aerospace Medical Research
     Laboratory in Pennsacola has already demonstrated such effects in simulated muscle tissue and has a
     continuing contract to find beams effective against human tissues.
                                               i
     In the_ 1960s Frey also reported that he could speed up, slow down, or stop isolated frog hearts•by
     synchronizing the_pulse, arta of a microwave beam with the beat of the heart itself. Similiar results
     have been obtained using live frogs,-indicating that it's technically feasible to produce heart attacks
     with a it designed to penctrate the human chest.

      n addition to the methods ofdama'ing or killin ! 'eoQle with EMR, there are several ways of
   fontr0lling their behavior. Ross Adey and his colleagues have shownthat microwaves modulated in
     various ways can force speck electrical patterns upon parts of the brain Working with cats they
     found that brain waves appearing witty conditioned responses could be selectively enhanced by
S1ii shaping the microwaves with a rhythmic variation in amplitude (height) corresponding to EEG
     frequencies. For example, a 3-hertz mo u anon decreased 10-hertz alpha waves in one part of the.
     animal's brain and reinforced 14-hertz beta waves in another location.

     Some radar can find a fly a kilometer away or track a human at twenty-five miles, and several
     researchers have suggested that focused EMR beams of such accuracy could bend the mind much like
     electrical stimulation of the brain (EBB) through wires. We know of ESB's potential for mind control
     Largely through the work ofJose Delgado. One signal provoked a cat to lick its fir, then continue
   • compulsively licking the floor and bars of its cage. A signal designed to stimulate a portion of a
     monkey's thalamus, a major midbrain center for integrating muscle movements, triggered a complex
  • reaction The monkey walked to one side of the cage, then the other, then climbed to the rear ceiling,
     then back down. The animal performed this same activity as many times as.it.was stimulated with the
     signal, up to sixty times an hour, but not blindly- the creature still was able-to avoid obstacles and
     threats from the dominant male while carrying out the electrical imperative. Another type of signal
     has made monkeys turn their heads; or smile, no matter what else they were doing, up to twenty
     thousand times in two weeks. As Delgado concluded, "The animals looked like electronic tys "

      Even instincts and emotions can be changed: In one test a mother giving continuous care to her baby
     :suddenly pushed the infant away whenever the signal was given. Approach-avoidance conditioning.
      can be achieved for any action simply by stimulating the pleasure and pain centers in an animal's or
      person's limbic system.

    httpJ/www_futuredvnamicadvantage.comllearchives/emf-wathtmI                                        2/16/00
Efectromagnetit Warfare                                                                          Page 3 of 6


 Eventual monitorine of evoked potentials from the EEG. combined.with radio-frequency and
 microwave broadcasts designed to produce specific thoughts or moods, such as compliance and
 complacencv. promises a method of mind control. that poses immense danget to all societies - tyranny
 without terror. Scientists involved in EEG research say the ability is still years away, but for all we
 could        of it, it could be happening right now. Conspiracy theories aside, the hypnotic familiarity
 of TV  and radio, combined with the biological effects of their broadcast beams, may already
 constitute a similiar force for mass standardization, whether by design or not.

  The potential dangers of televised lethargy are no yawning matter. It's well known that relaxed
 .attention.to.any,mildly- involving.stimulus. such as_a movie. or TV..prggram,,.produces a .pnoid state,,
  in which the mind becomes especially receptive to suggestion. Other inducers of hypmoid states
  include light sleep, daydreams. or short periods of time spent waiting for some predetermined signal
  or action:.such as a traffic light.

 The Central Intelligence Agency funded research on electromagnetic mind control at least as early as
 1960, when the notorious MKULTRA program, mostly concerned with hypnosis and psychedelic
 cgs, in- cluded money for adapting bioelectric sensing methods (at that time primarily the EEG) to
 surveillance and interrogation, as well as for finding "techniques of activation of the human organism
 by remote electronic means." In testimony before the Senate Sub- committee on Health and Scientific
 Research on Sepiember 21, 1977; MKULTRA director Dr. Sydney Gottlieb recalled: "There was a
 running interest in what effects people's standing in the field of radio energy have, and it could easily
 have been that somewhere in the many projects someone..was trying.to see if you could hypnotize
 somebody easier if he was standing in a radio beam."

  Hypnotists often use a strobe light flashing at alpha-wave frequencies to ease the glide into a trance. It
  seems, for over thirty years the Communist bloc nations have been using an ELF wave form to do the
  same thing undetectably and perhaps more effectively_ Ross Adey recently lost,most 'of his
  government grants and has become a bit moreloquacious about the military and intelligence uses of
  EMR. In 1983 he organized a public meeting at the Loma Linda. VA hospital and released photos and
  information concerning a Russian Lida machine. This was a small, transmitter that emitted. l0-hertz
  waves for tranquilization and enhancement of suggestibility. The most interesting part was that the
  box had an ancient vacuum-tube design, and a man who'd been a POW in Korea reported that.similiar
  devices had been used there during interrogation.

  Ameriean interest in the hypnosis-EMR interaction was still strong as of 1974; when a research plan
  was filed to develop useful techniques in human volunteers. The experimenter,:J.F. Schapitz, stated:
  "In this 'investigation it will be shown that the spoken word of the hypnotist may also be conveyed by
  modulated electromagnetic energy directly into the subconscious parts of the human brain--i.e.,
  without employing.any technical devices for receiving or transcoding the messages and without the.
  person exposed to such influence having a chance to control the information input consciously." As a
  preliminary test of the general concept, Schapitz proposed,recording the brain waves induced by
  specific drugs, then modulating them onto a microwave beam and feeding them back into an
  undrugged person's brain to see if the same state of consciousness could be produced by the beam
  alone.

  Schapitz's main protocol consisted of four experiments. In the first, subjects would be given a test.of
  a hundred questions. ranging from easy to technical, so they all would know some but not all of the
  answers. Later. while in hypnoid states and not knowing they were being irradiated, these people

http:lhvww.futuredynamicadvantage.com/learchives/emf-war.html                                         2116/00
Electromagnetic Warfare                                                                         Page 4 of 6


 would be subjected to information beams suggesting answers for some of Inc items they'd left blank,
 amnesia for some of their correct answers, and memory falsification for other correct answers. A new
 test would check the results two weeks later.

 The second experiment was to be the implanting of hypnotic suggestions for simple acts,, like leaving
 the lab to buy some particular item, which were to be triggered by a suggested time, spoken word, or
 sight. Subjects were to be interviewed later. "It may be expected;: Schapitz wrote, "that they
 rationalize their behavior and consider it to be undertaken out of their own free will."

 In a third test the subjects were to be given-two personality tests. Then different responses to certain
 questions would•be repeatedly_suggested,-and.nonpathological_persenality.changes would also.be
 suggested, both to be evaluated by new testing in a month. In some cases the subjects were to be
 prehypnotized into talking in their sleep, so the microwave programmer could gear the commands to
 thoughts already in the-brain. Finally, attempts would be made to produce the standard tests of deep
 hypnotic trance, such as muscular rigidity, by microwave beams alone.

 Naturally, since this information was voluntarily released via the Freedom of Information Act, it
 must be taken with a pillar of salt. The results haven't been made public, so the work may have been
 inconclusive, and the plans may have been released to convince the Soviets and our own public that
 American mind-control capabilities are.greater than they actually are. On the other hand, the
 actualities may be so far ahead of this research plan that it was tame enough to release in satisfying
 FOR requirements.

 How many of the EMR weapons possibilities have actually been developed and/or used? Those not-
 privy to classified information have no way of knowing. There are plenty of rumors. Boris Spassky
 claimed he'd lost the world chess championship tb Bobby Fischer because he was being bombarded
 with contusion rays. I recall hearing about one secret American experiment in which a sceintist was
 supposedly set up with invitations to three conferences to give the same presentation each time. The
 first one went line, but at the last two,he was irradiated with ELF waves, reportedly to induce Adey's
 calcium elilux, and he became confused and ineffective;

  Another FOIA release from the Defense. Intelligence Agency in,1976 may be revealing. Prepared by
 .Ronald L. Adams and E.A. Williams ofBattelle Columbus Laboratories, it's entitled "Biological
  Effects of Electromagnetic Radiation (Radiowaves and Microwaves), Eurasian Communist
  Countries' t e p ges re ease merely recount Allen Frey's discoveries•without mentioning his name,
  implying instead that only the Reds would be so dastardly as to„investigate such things for use as
  weapons. Immediately after mention of the blood-brain barrier leak phenomenon, a.paragraph was
  deleted, followed by the tantalizing sentence, "The above study is recommended reading material for
  those consumers who have an interest in the application of microwave energy to weapons." Even
  without this document, considering the relentless pace of arms development, we would have to be
 'very naive to assume that the United States has no electromagnetic arsenal.

 The Soviets may already. be using theirs; however, on ascale far beyond that ofthe Moscow Signal..
 During the U.S. bicentennial celebration of July 4,1976, a new radio signals was heard throughout
 the world. It has remained on the air more or less continuously ever since. Varying up and down
 through the frequencies between 3.26 and 17.54 megahertz, it is pulse-modulated at a rate of several
 times a second, so it sounds like a buzz saw or woodpecker. It was soon traced to an enormous
 transmitter near Kiev in the Soviet Ukraine.


http:IIw w.tuturedvnamicadvantage.com/learchives/emf-war.html                                       2/16/00
- Electromagnetic Warfare                                                                         Page 5 of 6


   The signal is so strong it drowns out anything else on its wavelength. When it first appeared;the UN
   International Telecommunications Union protested because it interfered with several communications
   channels, including the emergency frequencies for aircraft on transoceanic flights. Now the
   woodpecker leaves "holes"; it skips the crucial frequencies as it moves up and down the spectnnn.
   The signal is maintained at enonnous expense from a current total of seven nations, the seven most
   powerful radio transmitters in the world.

   Within a year or two after the woodpecker began tapping, there were persistent complaints of
   unaccountable symptoms from people in several cities of the United States and Canada; primarily
   Eugene..Oregon..The.sensations -.pressure.and.pain.in the head, anxiety, fatigue, i'somnia,_lack of
   coordination. arid numbness, accompanied bya high-pitched ringing in the. ears - were characteristic
   of strong radio-frequency or microwave irradiation. In Oregon, between Eugene and Corvallis, a
   powerful radio signal centering on 4.75 megahertz was monitored, at higher levels in the air than on
   the ground. Several unsatisfactory theories were advanced, including emanations from winter-
   damaged power lines, but most engineers who studied the signal concluded that it was a
   manifestation of the woodpecker. The idea was advanced that it was being directed to'Oregon by it
   Tesla magni ing transmitter. This apparatus, devised by. Nikola Tesla during his tum-of-the-century
   experiments on wireless global power transmission at a laboratory near. Pikes Peak, hasn't been much
   studied in the West. It reportedly enables a transmitter to beam a radio signal through the earth to any
   desired point on its surface, while maintaining or even increasing the signal's power it emerges.
   Paul Brodeur has suggested that, since the TRW company once proposed a Navy ELF
   communications system using an existing 850-mile power line that ended in Oregon, the Eugene
    phenomenon might have been the interaction between a Navy broadcast and Soviet jamming.

    Be that as it may, the woodpecker continues•in'operation, and there are several unsettling possibilities
    as to its main purpose. A former chief of naval research has privately discounted the idea that it's
    directed against the U.S. population. However, Robert Beck, a Los Angeles physicist who regularly
    serves as a DOD consultant,told me that the signal has.a threefold purpose. He said it acts as a crude
    over-the-horizon radar that would pick up a massive first strike of U.S. missles if Soviet spy satellites
    and other detectors were knocked out. Second, the signal's modulations are an ELF medium for
    communicating with submarines underwater. Third, he claimed the signal has a biological by-product
    about which he promised further information. Of course, I haven't been able to contact him since.

      The magnetosphere and it Van Allen belts of trapped particles.produce many kinds of EMR. Since
 • they were initiallystudied through audio amplifiers, the first kinds to be discovered, around 1920,
  _ were given fanciful names like whistlers, dawn chorus, and lion roars. Many of them result from VLF
    • waves produced by lightning, which bounce back and forth from pole to pole along "magnetic ducts"
      in the magnetosphere. This resonance amplifies the original VLF waves enormously.

    Satellite measurements have proven that artificial energies from power lines-are similarly amplified
    high above the earth, a phenomenon known as power-line harmonic resonance (PLHR). Radio and
    microwave energy also resonantes in the magnetosphere. This amplified energy interacts with the
    particles in the Van Allen belts, producing heat, light, X-rays, and, most important, a "fallout" of ..
    charged particles that serve as nuclei for raindrops.

    Recent work with sounding rockets has matched specific areas of such ion precipitation with the
    energy from specific radio stations, and established that the sifting down ofcharged particles
    generally occurs east of the EMR source, following the general eastward drift of weather patterns: In

   http://www.futuredynamicadvantage.com/learchives/emf-war.html                                       2/16/00
Electromagtieiic Warfare                                                                      Page 6 of 6


 1983. measurements from the Arid 3 and 4 weather satellites showed that the enormous amount of
 PLHR over North America had created a permanent duct from the magnetosphere down into the
 upper air, resulting in a continuous release of ions and energy over the whole continent. In presenting
 this data at the March 1983 Symposium on Electromagnetic Compatibility in Zurich, K. Bullough
 reminded the audience that thunderstorms have been 25 percent more frequent over North AMerica
 between 1930 and 1975 than they were from 1900 to 1930, and suggested that the increased energy
 levels in the upper'atmosphere were responsible.

 Since the mid-I970s there has been a dramatic increase in flboding, drought, and attendant hardships
 due to inconsistent anomolous weather patterns. It appears likely that these have been caused in part
 by electropollution and perhaps enhanced, whether deliberately or not, by the. Sovietwoodpecker.:
 signal. It now seems feasible to induce catastrophic climate change over a target country„ and even
 without such weather warfare, continued expansion of the electrical power system threatens the
 viability of all life on earth.


hitp:llwww.tuituredvnamicadvantage.com/iearchiveslemf-war.html                                    2/16/00
Microwave Interactions With Human Tissue                                               Page 1 of 3


                                    Research Notebook
                        Leading Edge Research Croup, P.O. Box 7530, Yelm,
                                       Washington 98597

                    Subject: Microwave Interactions With Human Tissue

                                               Page 1
                             Return to Electromagnetic Menu .j\ext Page -


                    Evidence for Tissue Interactions With
                               Microwave and
                  Other Non-ionizing Electromagnetic Fields
                           in Cancer Promotion
                                             W.R.Adey
                      Veterans Administration Medical Center and Loma Lina
                       University School of Medicine, Loma Linda, California

                  Cell membranes have been identified as a prime site of athcrmal
                  (effects due to nun-heating) interaction with low frequency
                  electromagnetic fields and with microwave fields which are
                  amplitude-modulated at frequencies below 100 Hz. These fields
                  modulate signals to the cell interior initiated at cell surface
                  receptors by hormones, antibodies and neurotransmitters, and
                  by chemical cancer promoters. Cancer promotion may involve
                  joint action of EM fields and cancer-promoting substances at cell
                  membranes, with distorted inward signals from the membrane to
                  the nucleus and to other intracellular organelles.

                                             Introduction
                 Tissue interactions with electromagnetic (EM) fields have been
                 extensively studied in terms of two quite different endpoints; in
                 their thermal effects and in ionization of atoms in biomolecular
                 systems. Only recently, it has become apparent that major
                 biological interactions also occur in the absence of either
                 significant heating effects or ionization. Ionizing radiation poses
                 hazards to living organisms through its destructive effects on key
               • macromolecular systems. It is implicit for ionizing radiation that
                 it must have sufficiently high photon energies to disrupt the
                 atomic organization of the exposed macromolecular systems;
                 since spectrum. (photon energies less than about 12 eV) does not
                 possess sufficient energy to cause ionization, there has been a

•http:! www.trutax.orgfresearch/adevI.html                                                2/16/00
Microwave Interactions With Human Tissue                                                Page 2 of 3


              • persisting view in certain areas of the physical sciences that non-
                ionizing EM fields are incapable of inducing bioeffects, other
                than those by heating.

                This prevalent, though inadequate view overlooks the existence
                of cooperative organization in biomolecular systems, and the
                profoundly important role that cooperativity appears to play in
                the detection of tissue componentys of non-ionizing EM fields.
                The nature of these interactions is so far removed from the
                concepts and models that have guided (orthodox) research in
                ionizing radiation, that expertise in the latteraras can offer little
                in the search for underlying mechanisms; equilibrium
                thermodynamics and the classical models, of.the statistical
               "mechanics of matter appear equally inappropriate in their
                applications to most key questions      the biological effects of
                nun-ionizing EM fields.

                Moreover, far from limited biological'significance restricted to
                considerations of potential hazards, imposition of weak non-
                ionizing EM fields has proved a powerful tool in understanding
                both•thesequenceand the;eriergeticsoftransmembranesignals
                initiated by hormones, antibodies, neutrotransmitters, and
                chemical cancer promoters at cell su•rface receptor sites. We shal.
                note that cell membranes function as                         of their
                first weak interactions with both EM fields and humoral stimuli;
                and that, as revealed by field effects, these interactions are non-
                equilibrium in character. They are consistent with
                           involving long-range interactions between electric
                charges on cell surface macromolecules. Since these studies have
                shown similar sensitivities in a wide range of tissues and cell
                types, we conclude that. these electrochemical sensitivities may be
                a general biological property of all cells.

                    The Electromagnetic Environment and Its Impact on Man

                In the workplace, in the home, and in external environments,
                there has been an exponential increase over the past half century
                in the use of devices and systems employing EM energy. They
                create an almost infinite variety of EM fields that cover a broad
                frequency spectrum extending from below 100 Hz to the
                millimeter microwave bands and the far infrared region. These
                artificial fields typically exceed in intensity the natural.
                background by many orders of magnitude. The proliferation of
                diverse sources has dramatically increased the potential for
                public exposure at virtually all parts of this broad spectrum.


                 IT
http:Ifwwwirutax.org/research/adeyi.htmI                                                   2/16100
                                                                                                                                                                                                      I
                                                                                                                                                                                             n


    P oN                                                                                                                            5•,


                                                jQ4Q: Tesla announces "death ra " invention.
                                                                                                            m
003 a S S
                                                                                               n                                                      L    -
Gi w O O                                                                                                    w                       w --              o
            r                                                                                       a                      c        a                 ~3                                        3
                                                                                                                                    la
=pm    D
     a                                                                                                                                                'c
                                                                                                              ., '
                                                                                                            -'1            fA             A
V a
          3
                                   w                                                           go
                                                                                                                           -a
                                                                                                                                                           ~. 0
                                                                                                                                                              1.x
                                                                                                                                                                                   W
                                                                                                                                                                                                 41
v m o
-I  n -o a.                        0                                                                        •N..           ^        6     M                •mi             W                     r.
       Cr


                     ump saipoau
                                                                                                                                    cv
o
    =>1
                                                                                                                                                           F3«                     --l           Z
                                   m
gom
        mO                         a                                                                o       a a- .4                       r
                                                                                                                                              o            a        O. O           w     `••.
                                   0.                                                                         ., .O.
                                                                                                            .0—^           A                               n
        n                                                                                           O                      N              t                ^        4 .J
                                                                                                                                                                                                 x
of      L   q
                                   H                                                                                 6     -.                 n            ro C            w       D     A
80      0   O                                                                                                S
=>s -
                       0.
                                   w                                                                n                                                                               0~..~y p
                                                                                                     c       o       f     n                                       "       0
z2 0 g+                                                                                                                         ,
                                   0•                                                               fO
~^ z c                 0                                                                                    n<                                w            O7              3        p    O       H
30                      0.
—       r o
          c
                       0           N
                                                                                                                                                                                    C~7o
                                                                                                                           c                               ,. $g


                                                                                                                     o
                      0                                                                             ac             In
                                                                                                                                              0
Paz         f                                                                                                                                              n2  m z . ?
                        N
                                                                                                                     o
                                                                                                                     T
                                                                                                                                                           ~~~
                                                                                                                                                           A r
                                                                                                                                                                 ~~~
    m                                                                                                                                                            krx
    ;a  4                                                                                                                                     3            any
                                                                                                                                                           n
    o p   c                                                                                                                                                                a
    =     2                                                                                         =                n                        to               :~                    dK'Z
     m    j
    o     r                                                                                                                                                    `•                    vi -- O
                o                                                                                                                                                          D
    a
    0
                m                           v
                                            n
                                                                                                    a
                                                                                                    a
                                                                                                                     n                    •I -                 aw n p                A
                                                                                                                                                                                                  x
    9
    m
                ww
                m       0
                                        n   n                                                        O
                                                                                                                                              m
                                                                                                                                              =
                                                                                                                                              n
                                                                                                                                                               c w
                                                                                                                                                               c
                                                                                                                                                                 a
                a
                m                           v
    m           a
    0           m
                         n              0 w
    0                    0-
                                                                                                                                                               2n          n
                                                                                                                                               0
                                                                                                                                              IC               -.          0
    N                                       a
                                            _
                                                                                                     3
                                                                                                        P
                                                                                                                     PS,                          S            N       n       n
                                    caVP-am%
A a41" J
       ^NO+O                                                                                                                          u                                                      •
                                                                                                                                                                                    3 'o
~~oc           ~u;nymmf~                            -                                                                                 D,
                                                                                                                                      O
                                                                                                                                            r.
                                                                                                                                             ~
                                                                                                                                                                                    o r
   m                                                                                                                                                                                S p'
<m a
sap-
               'm
               m      o mooOv—gym                                                                                                                                                   ae
                      t . -<3p!   -  a
                            o
                      as of o~mHHH1~ o                                                                                   o_
' o-'e mu      m
o f sim'c n             a!           3                                                                                   a F      ;                                                 0 i^
               5_     3           a  -c                                                                                               M
                                   •  o                                                                                  A n          O
                                                                                                                                      w                   Q                         v
                                                                                                                           a                                                        O d
                3      m s          m                   a                                                                             p
              +n                    a~yym                                                                                n
              >        a            oP~a                a                                                                  S
                                                                                                                         M   -                      a                               ^
                y                   ~ a a m             -                                                                              N
                                                                                                                                                                                    a>

              ~f ~ Q~.=
              c
              m 2..        ''       a nm 3
                                    O
                                                        y
                                                        o
                                                                                                                         Er
                                                                                                                         3 0
                                                                                                                              =       Izm .. r.. ...y
                                                                                                                                      '< a
                                                                                                                                                    o . ._~d
                                                                                                                                                    ro
                                                                                                                                                           a
                                                                                                                                                                                    C.
                                                                                                                                                                                    0
                                              J                                                                                                                                     4a
                                            Z y                                                                                         g          v                                an
                                                                                                                         o
                                                                                                                         C.             o           Q                                 3
                                                                                                                         a                                                          a            _;.
                                                                                                                              m        fn             a
                                                                                                                                                      Y                             a


                                                                                                                                                  military ideas on environmental
                                                        O                                                         a


              o                     -.
                       m                                a
                                    -           o                                                           o
   m              ^    +$
                       p V          G O         V
              GJ                                                                                                  m> a
   O                   N            y -'                N                                              a    o     a O


                                           u                       m 'a
   O^;            P(VmP                 m^
                                                                     m                   a9
   ~m~            om~~o                 a•o                                                o
                                                                   C                     w
                       m                                             V
   vmm            m                     ^   •                                            - 0
                                                                                         a    -
                                                              u                               n
cmm                   pa                                                                 ^
                                                                                         o a
   amp                          b       a                                                a ^ o
                                        w                                                   E m
                                                                                          a o
                                                              o         D
                                                              a    ~    a                c W -
                                                            n
                                                            a ^       o                  •8 0
                                                                   < 9                    a, --
                                                                                          a
                                                                                          " F
                                                                   to
                                                            00     O
                                                            o m    U                       Zo
                                                             N
                                                             i

                                                              a-
                                                                   ~
                                                                   Us
                                                                   U a
                                                                   q 0
                                                                    E
                                                                                     -         a
                                                                                               a
                                                                                               a
                                                                                               a
                                                                                                                                                                                     a.
                                                              =                                                                                                                      a
                                                              c    F u
                                                                   0                               m
                                                                   m
                                                              D    4 a                             u                                                                                 U
                                                                   010                                                                                      F
                                II                                 a 10
                                                                   aid                             U                                                                                     O
                                                                   a O                                                                                      C.
                                                              O     m ta,                                                                                                                 a.
                                                                   a n                                                                                      m
                                                                       a
                                                                   a"                                                                                       C.
                                                                   as
                                                                                                                                                            m
                                                                                                                                                            a


                                                                       uo ppnq stspuap
                                                                                                                                                            a
                                                                                                                                                            a


                                                                                                                                                             a
                                                                                                           o r
                                                                                                           oP~°
                                                                                                                                                             0                            Lr
                                                                                                                                                             n
                                                                                                                                                                                        1225: HAARP planners to (est
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       'O S r+
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            *                           O
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          o.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Li                         O
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                n                      3'r.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           w
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                y
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               w
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                D n
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Q
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           C
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            a `n
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                n
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0        C.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         N

                                                                                                                                                 ,r       w                 O
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         3

                                                                                                                                                 ~C
                                                                                                                                                  ~- m
                                                                                                                                                        -
                                                                                                                                                      ' A
                                                                                                                                                                            _
                                                                                                                                                                            Y
                                                                                                                                                                                            .my..
                                                                                                                                                                                            •n
                                                                                                                                                                                                 ^
                                                                                                                                                                                                 e
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0
                                                                                                                                                  ^                          AO                  c                                       0
                                                                                                                                                                            ^                    3                                                             a n
                                                                                                                                                  w       ^                 -c                   c                                                             0
                                                                                                                                                                                            IA                                                                   Y
                                                                                                                                    A                                   1ff                 I-
                                                                                                                                                                                                  u
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 y
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               n --1
                                                                                                                              0
                                                                                                                                    0                     OT                0             I2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         C
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         6                     0           v
                                                                                                                                                          O                                                                              A
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           to
                                                                                                                                    n                                       0                      w
                                                                                                                              w c                         l .                                       a                                    C                     A           .0
                                                                                                                                                                                •
                                                                                                                              s~                          3                              S                                                                         m:
                                                                                                                              o                           o                 n                                                            0
                                                                                                                                m                                                        In
                                                                                                                              g 0-                                                      IA
                                                                                                                                                                                         v                                               p                         v o
                                                                                                                                                                            to
                                                                                                                                                                                         n                                               0
                                                                                                                                H                         K                 o                                                            0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   o       0
                                                                                                                                0                                           •w                                                           0                     0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               30
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 a-
                                                                                                                                                          v                  T                                                                                     w o
                                                                                                                                    m                                                                                                    'o                        n o
                                                                                                                                ag                         d                                                                             s                         n .w
                                                                                                                                                                            o                                                                                      0 ,'<
                                                                                                                                a'
                                                                                                                                os
                                                                                                                                                          0
                                                                                                                                                          N
                                                                                                                                                                            e
                                                                                                                                                                            w
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   O
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   m.w _

                                                                                                                                   o                                                                                                     0                     n ~
                                                                                                                                                                            F                                                            O                     ' o
                                                                                                                                0 -to                     'C                w                                                                                    F

                        gg'3nc~Z                                                  o£o                   E3-<~                                                       w     w
                                                                rs
                                                                     c                                                              Ao=
                                                                                                                                                                       sw
                                                                                                                                                                    0100
                                                                                                                                                                        i
                                                                                                                                                                             F E O y_ -^ 0w
                                                                                                                                                                    01=
                                                                                                                                                                            w.    2._.°
                                                                                                                                                                    to , c'
                                                                                                                                                                               m "' A w
                                                                                                        o^c ~                                                       o
                                                                                                                                                                    alEo       o• to o 0 0
0 c w 0^+
u                       ^   w o F ^             w m r           ^    °O z         E           2. Z
                                                                                              an
                                                                                                                       v. s         .        o o Q
                                                                                                                                                                    0 . 'm o
                                °°
                                                                     o:               ~                          w    ''                                                          o CO ^
                                                                W_i  w                      0                o£                                                     q O-          o,
o w" . 3                o m o w" n?^   n                                                 6              0"    3 D                          < n o                                     ~ o o                                                                                     w
o m o m                 o=_3     0 x ~w                          o o m                o -'w-            a   o m D0                      ^ -^on
                                                        O            S                   4                                                                          .~ 0                                                    O       E-                 to
                                                                                                                                        g Kno                                           m
      we 00. Sm t~Y
                 n        ^ v.o
                     E'~: w
                            ,0
                   N S 0 a 0 s
                                                                ,c
                                                                 am c
                                                                    w
                                                                                      so 0•
                                                                                      0~       _
                                                                                                        0A.p
                                                                                                        n
                                                                                                              -
                                                                                                            m 3                         o n o 3                                                                            c,o v
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 m
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ~'O
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               d

0 9 `o                                                          — f                      s.' °                                                                                                                                 3~
                                                                                      v c
                                                                                                                                                                    a                   G'?                                          m^                O
c^     w                                                                                    o           0                                    !            . u
                                                                                                          0;a                                                       ,           r       v3f0E
                                                                                      !".z9             3gn                             ^oo ~.w m
03'0
     nx
       0                    ~-, o o•<o_p                        g -A                                          F                                                                                                                                                        n'
~                           ^.m 0.2 'o ya-~                     .m..^w                =mg                                               ms s.: o0                       O       n                               a                    <9
                                 A          _. n    w   n       O    O`1              O
                                                                                                        ~oEoc
                                                                                                          'v
                                                                                                                                                                                        OT
O     X      G n
            OO                                                                                     n    O:        n    ^                                            0'o                                         U           A        N                 T
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Y
                                                                                                                                                                    .. O                O

      oN
                                 S                                                                                                                    O        ^                                                a
o
       A 0                  3 -0 A A - e £                           ^e m             o Q w
                                                                                                             IWCI                                                                                                                             2w ..
       0" n                                                                                             0 .^.' 0 ,o         D           o°            3' i                                                                 "o
'o c                        o K 0' Q o. o                            , ' -            ..£ '^n_—         3      .n
                                                                                                                p
                                                                                                                O
                                                                                                                o                                                       — n             ^, w                                         _        a
                                                                                                                                                                        0 =0'o    a  Cm
                'c                     00            w               Fi                                                                                                      o g- ^o _ a
0 0              O          ~        n w            'o o                     n        E            'o        S 0 .x• D                                          o
O o         S               n    O:^            O'O     O            G                         0'S                     ^C               p^            ^                   ^. 3 3 o A n wo
                                       S    ^       a   9            G       -m
                            O= -n3                      m            ^'c                                      S+                                                        •           j   S                          j,. tO            C        C. m
                                                                                                                                                                                    -
                                                                     n_,                                     OD             w.          00ws
5^
5000
                            n3Em
                             - o'"
                                                                                       An 0,  .3
                                                                                                                                             09:
                                                                                                                                                                                    -. o 3'-. g   m
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       w    ^        ^        a        4

                   n                            on-                  3 g;                 G
                                                                                          O                  sAam                       a- o                                           -    w£ n G<
                                                                                                                                                                                    A    - e.°^°
n                  n        o                                                n•
                                                                                                                                                                                    < n n   n'o t
 n E E. a                   0 ^ o 'w e                  O
                                                                         E o             ^_
                                                                                       0 0'                        m                    O                                           an
                                                                                                                                                                                         o~
          0                       <     o                                                                                                                                               K                         'O. ^              A                 w
                            `< D '^' y' w to o                                         3 3 o
'e ._ O- n                                                           ^~                                      n' Z s `o'                 3- 0 'w m                                           w l
     a   -°                 ODE o, 0x^~                              0-1                                     0-                              _^-•                                     _g 'n o
      ww 0-                      7x,                                 0.s'                 o w -              o ^' 0 .^^-                .^- .. 0 3                                     <        3 w
 o .0                        0 'o    m£ o A                                                                                             0 ' T Eg                                    a n. n 0 0—
                                                                         ^                     n             3 =a2                                                                  a         -w w
                             2a o' 0 0- O0 -o                                                                                                                                          o ,0 C
d
G
    ~.o,c A
 -. ^ `: m
                   0
                            ~3. 0 ? c o'o-
                            0    A0 -Q,.
                                                                     o, c
                                                                     ~
                                                                     3v
                                                                                          n '..n
                                                                                          x
                                                                                            m =
                                                                                                             ~u0
                                                                                                             -j
                                                                                                                fl r'<
                                                                                                                       0                goo
                                                                                                                                        -^
                                                                                                                                        t,.
                                                                                                                                                   s
                                                                                                                                            m 0^' -0'
                                                                                                                                               E
                                                                                                                                                                                    = ^1aw Ao to
                                                                                                                                                                                                  o
                                                    E       n                0            o. o—              S  y
.^e          1 3            -2o.?                           g            ^.o              on                 m, -EE                         =oE
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                O
                                                                                                                                                                                             !                         m                 A        ^w       m
                                                                                               =-                                                                                   O
    -.-.a          o.            n     -.   ^   0   O O                  0                >    n  pc            u ma
        receivers will be everywhere
soon—in cars, boats, planes, backpacks,
briefcases, purses, jackets, and pants
pockets. The good news is, you'll always
know exactly.where you are. The bad
news is, j       evecy4 nd se..
             OSTJ1UMAN% W H() I IAVE'EV ER I,1V ED•IMV E KNOWN
               roughly where theywere; day by day, year by year. Not
               in abstract `terms, of course, but in the.terms of expe-
               rience and familiarity—by neighborhood, not map.
               For eons, we've known things about ourselves that
               could be expressed in a statement like"I'm standing
               on the threshing floor in the village of my birth," or
   "I'mwalkingacrosc the mid-morning sbadowcast.by Notic Dame"
   Or even "I'm ina part of town I've never seenbefore."Whether
  `we utter it or not, this awareness of "wwereness" is.part of the
   meaning.of being human. But for centuries, a dedicated band of
   mapmakers, navigators, astronomers; inveutors;,and mathe-
 -.matieians has tried to turn this innate sense of place into a more
  ,pretise:determination of position that is intelligible to anyone;
   not just to locals. On one level,this is like the difference between
   knowiog you're coming tothe comer where you always turn left
   on your way to the grocery store and knowing the names of the
   streets that cross at that intersection. On another level, however,
   the pursuit of pure position is about to lead us into aworld that
   i otoneofushaseverseen."Iheagentofclztngewiilbecn—the
   Global Positioning-System, which, like so many tools oldie mod-
   rrn'ivorld, is familiar and'misunderstood at the same time.
      IJntilrecendy, not.a single human-made object has ever known

   ty°Verlyn;Klinkenborg
     ;COVER DECEMBER 7999                       . MACG,0.WRar,mZMAwtnMs
      where it was. Even a venerable tool of navigation like a sex-
       tant knows nothing more about its location than does the
       MonaLna or thepigments ofwhich she is painted. So imag-
       ine a world in which man-made objects know where they are                           PS operates on the geometric principle of triangulatiom
       and can communicate that information to other selfrlocat-                           calculating location by measuring the distance to other
       ing, communicating objects too. This sounds as strange and                          known points. Measuring the distance from a ovs re
       surprising as the Marauder's Map in the Ham Potter novels                         I ceiver to one satellite places the receiver's location'
       for children. The Marauder's Map shows the position and                     somewhere on the surface of an imaginary sphere that is cen-
       movement of every animate creature at the school of wiz-                    tered on the satellite and has a radius equal to that distance.
       anlry called llogwarts. A Mamuder's Map ofthe world would                   Gauging the distance tb a second satellite narrows the locatlon:
       be even stranger. It would show the position and movement—                  to a circle where two spheres Intersect. Factoring in the dis•
       even a history of movements—of man-made objects as well.                    tance to a third satellite.reduces the possibilities to two points,
       This would he an ever-changing map of world filled with ar-                 one of which is likely to be too far from Earth to be a logical lo- '
     'tTTa'cts-busly uintiuncingsomcihingsignitican'taboutihdmi                    cation for the receiver Ill A measurement from a fourth satel-
       selves to each other and to anyone else who cared to listen.                lite helps compensate for potential errors. A ees receiver.
          That world is nearly here_ In August, a company called                   determines the distance from a satellite by measuring how long..
       SIRF Technology, based in Santa Clara, California, an-                      it takes a radio signal to reachIt.But the satellites are equipped
       nounceiTthat it had developed an adv=nccd'GPS chip rio                      with clocks that are much more precise than the clock in a ors
       bier than a postage stamp. KanwarChadha, one ofSiRl s                       receiver. A fourth satellite provldes three more redundant trh : _
       founders, declared, "Our vision is to bringlocation aware-                  angulatlon measurements that are aveiaged out to adjust for
       as to virtually everything that moves." This is a subtle                    any deviations between the receiver clock and Universal time...
       but profound change in the history of GPs technology—a
       change driven, like everything else these days, by increas-
       ing miniaturization anti declining prices for sophisticated circuitry.
        In the past few years, consumers have grown used to the sight of
      .handheld c is receivers, which have been marketed as individual po-
      aitiomng devices li)r anglers, hunters, hikers, and cyclists. But what
       SiRF'and other companies have in mind is conferring upon objects
     :a communicable sense of place. One daysoon, most ca's devices
       will not lie stand-alone receivers used by those dl us who venture
      'off the beaten path but integral components ofcveryday objects.
          Some oftheseobjects, especially the &igoncs, are easy enough
       to imagine,because they exist now. Boats and ships of every kind
       atrcad`incorporatc cPStechnology,sa do somc.automobiles made
       by Toyota, t londa. Lexus, and Cadillac. So do the riewest farm im-
       plements, like combines that allow farmers.to map crop yields Tn
       precise detail. Butsome uses of GPs that are not yet widely available
       wilt soon be common in smaller devices.. Beginning next October,
       for instance, the Fi'deralCommunications Commission will require
 f     cellular  phone serviesprovi~e          Ee able to identify the location
     'cot a cell-phones callerrwho dials 911. This means that.most pc    -hones_
   'i will likely include a tiny GPs chip. So will beepers andwatches and
    i Eandheld&gitill assistantsand,who knows, Game BoyColors and
    LTamagotchis and dog collars and probably handguns too.
          The spreading of technology like GPs is easy enough to predict,
       but it's muchharder to foresee what the efltct ofthat spreadingwill
       be.There's always a limit to how far we can see into the future of the.
       tools we use;especially into a future where those tools become in-
       terliriked. There was a time—only as long ago'as Bill Gates's first
       book—when the valueofcomputerswas believed to lie mainly intheir
     :stand-alone power; not in the networks they might form when linked
       together. N wwe have the Internet and the World Wide Web, whose
       far-reaching implications are only dimly visible but which have already
       transformed the way countries all over the world do business.
          The development of GPs technologies may follow a similar pat-
       tern. It's already obvious how useful GPs is in discrete applications:
       for surveying anti mapmaking, for tracking commercial vehicles,
     .for maritime and aeronautic navigation, for emergency rescue crews
       and archaeologists. But there is simply rio telling what it will mean
       when on a planet full of location-aware objects, a way is found to

704 DISCOVER DECEMBER 1999                                                         reLUSTRArtoN 9y STEVE KELLER
          'dentists have made a wonderland of         receivers that record the vertical displace'       by ionospheric disturbance, and the other,
           cpsThetechnologyis invaluable for re-      ment caused by waves and may help provide          called muitipath interference, is caused by the
           searchers who require mainly a retard      warning of tsunamis. ars is being used to cre=     unwanted reflection of an signals. Ripplelike
           of static position, like archaeologists.   ate a detailed and comprehensive portrait of       variations in the composition of the ionos-
   platting a dig or botanists recording the lo-      nearly all Earth's dynamic surfaces, including     phere result in a signal distortion called wet
   cation of endangered plants. It has also radi-     the zones where tectonic plates meet the slip-     delay. Scientists use this distortion to gather
   caliytransformed the mapping of stationary         page along earthquake faults, and the move-        information about the electron content of the
   Earth features, like the array of mineral de-      ment of glaciers. With cps, scientists have been   ionosphere. They also use it as a means of
   poslts-remnants of old volcanie eruptions—in       able to gather precise geophysical data on         profiling air pressure, temperature, and mois-
   Antarctic blue ice cps really comes Into its       wider scale than ever before, ironically, per-     ture in the atmosphere. Researchers study-
   awn, howevet when it Is used to measure mo-        haps the most innovative scientific use of ops'    ing multipath interference have discovered
   tion and velocity. The Japanese, for instance,     Is the effort to decode two kinds of natural       that it provides useful details about oceanic
   are testing buoys equipped with sensitive an       error that creep into cps signais.0ne is caused    wave height and surface wind speed.-


    coordinate all the dart they send                                                    Just as longitude couldn't.bc e't
    out. Awareness maybe a metaphor                                                       fectively'calculated until 1764, when
   when applied to inanimate objects,                                                    John I larrisons ch'rimometer was
  . but the potential of that metaphor                                                    tested'oiu a voyage to l3arbados, sd
    is entirely literal and, so far, almost                                               cps couldn't be createduntil there
    entirely beyond our ken-                                                              was way to mount highly accu-
            - -
                                                                                          rate clocks in stable orbits. The
    7 N Tl Ili M EAN'I IME, FOR MOST OF                                                   problem with hnt inglongitude in
   ~us,:there is still a more basic ques-                                                 ilarrison's era was making a
    tion to be answered: Where did                                                        chronometer that could keep ac-
    rrs technology come from and                                                          curate time at one location—
    how does it work?                                                                     (irecmvich, England—even while
       cps depends on an array of 27                                                      the ship carrying that chronomc-
    satellites —z4 in regular use, plus                                                   terwas halfway around the globe.
    spares—thing some ii,000 miles                                                        The chronometer provides a con-
    above Earth.Thev were put there                                                       stant frame of reference for the
    by the Department of Defense,                                                         celestial events that shift as a ship
    which'heg:m the NJWSTAR global cvs uses 24 satellites in six orbital planes.          moves eastward or westward.
    positioning system pmgrtm in 1973• From any point on Earth, as many as eight             tax satellites cffirtlessiv pro-
    A version oft an was first tested in satellites are above the horizon at one time.    vide a constant frame ofreference.
    1964 when the Navy depluved a                                                         Each omits three or lour ultra-
    dive-satellite prototype, called Transit, for submarines. It precise clocks svnchromzed toia's time —which is, es-
    could take an hour and a half tir aliansk satellite to saunter sentially. Ctnnlinatcd Univcra1 l ime ([ rc) without the
    above the horizon and then another 10 or li minutes to leap seconds. The satellite clocks are accurate to within
    fix the submarines position. The current generation of one-millionth of a second oft-it: as kept by the G.S. Naval
    satellites was built by The Boeing Company and Lock= _Observatont The Gpti receiver translates the time that
    heed Martin, and each ime orbits the planet in about 12 the satellites transmit into local time. in fact, as far as
    hours, cutting across the equatorial plane at an angle of most civilian users are concerned, GPs is more accurate
    roughly ii degrees. The U.S. AirForce tracks the satellites for time than it is tin position. (Anti, in most cases, OPs
    from Colorado Springs, i Iawaii, and three other islands: is far more accurate for position than it is for altitude)
    Ascension in the South Atlantic, Diego Garcia in the In- in 1764- Greenwich time was available only in Green-
    than Ocean, and Kwajalein in the South Pacific. These wich —on the meridian running through it, if you knew
    ground stations provide the satellites with navigational where that was—anti in the presence of properly main-
    intormation, which the next generation of satellites mill tained chronometer- of which there were two. Now, t:Ps
    beable to supply to each other.Ordinarv,users can track time is available globally to anyone with a receiver.
    thii constelkrion ofsatellites with oneofseveral Web sites       When you turn on a cas receiver, it tunes itself to a ra-
  '•or with an appealing public-domain software program dio signli celled Lt. which comes from any ors satellite—
    called Home Planer, which can map any satellite von usually one of four to eight—coasting above the horizon.
   -clotse. o asor not, against a projection ot;the Earths sur- The American military and other authorized users also                                      z
    tace.Oryou can track the satellites with a t cps receiver.     receive two encrypted signals—one from Lt, another from
        In the world of cis, knowing where you:are. give or take a frequency called Lz. Those extra signals are one of the
    a ft w meters, depends on knotting precisey w-hen you are. reasons militan• users can fix their location more precisely

106 DISCOVER DECEMBER 1999
                                                                                              that military users cnjosc which
                                                                                              inallkinds oftargetingwrapons
                                                                                              is a difference ofdozens of feet
                                                                                              This has been done by selec-
                                                                                              tively and intermittetitl_v in
                                                                                              trodocing error into the
                                                                                             `informationGPs satellites dis-
                                                                                              pense to receivers lacki'ng'ac-
                                                                                              cess to the military's encrypted
                                                                                              signals—in othermxds, to the
                                                                                              receiverswuand lean but One Jr
                                                                                              ofthe'itiany ironies of GPs
                                                                                            "howpvet'isTha2`a sVs[Cni'ilc=
                                                                                              signed mainly for military use
                                                                                             Wand developed through the De
                                                                                              partment of Defense ai a cgstc
                                                                                              ofmore'than $ro billion has
                                                                                              been engulfed by the sin-
                                                                                               mercial market. The result is
                                                                                               that Selective Availability, as
                                                                                              cps's intentional error is called,
                                                                                              will most1itT ~x llased out
   At Schriever Air Force Base in Colorado, Airman First Class Sergio Fernandez monitors within the next.decade.
   signals between a ci's satellite and an antenna on KwajaleinIsland in the South Pacific.       I     more positional signals
                                                                                              a GPs receives, the more accu-
   than civilian users can. By measuring the time it takes a rate it is. That's one reason why last January Vice Presi-
   signal wreath it, a tai's receivercalculates what is called dent 4~ore announced a $400 million inmativc that would'
   the pseudo-range to the transmitting satellite. With at help fund llilitional civilian signals on tai's satellites sched-
   least tiursatelltes in view and hence four pseudo-ranges— uled for launch"in the next decade—a clear acknowledg-
   the minimum for determiningaccurate location plus time— ment of the scientiIc,commercial, and economic
   a darts recover can compute its posttion•using. basic importance of nonmilitary GPs. But even at present, there
   tngonometry It can also calculatevclocity by comparing arc ways.around Selective Availability. Some ta's receivers
   location readingstaken at different poihisrn time.             havebeen manufactured that can also tune in to the Russ_
      The real value of tai's begins to emerge when you con= ian equivalent of GPs, called GLONASS, which operates
   sitter a ca's receiver's ability to compare where it is now without signal compromise but lacks the reliability of
   with where it was moments or hours or days ago. When cats. "Ihe.most common solution is Differential tai's, or
   you begin to move, a GPs springs to life. It announces your ixa's, in which "differential corrections"—indications of
   directional bearipg, avenge speed, approximate altitude, the degree of erioiat one station—die transmitted to
   the estimated time toget to anamed destination, the de- c,P.S receivers via a radio link, greatly enhancing their ac-
         to which Vti6'rc adliermgto a planned path, and the curacy regardless of SelectiveAvailability Even Ix's chips
   distance to your destination—in short, it calibrates the have shrunk to the size of postage stamps.
   iknensionsofyour Dynamism or the dynamismof any-                 The U.S. Coast Guard operates a maritime f c;PS ser-
   thing you attach it to, from a delivery truck to an out- vice available to civilians, and the Federal Aeronautics
   cropping of the Earth's crust.Anavigator's task has always Administntion.is implementing a similar system, called
   been to plot his current position, compare itwith his pre- Wide Area Augmentation System, which uses satellites
   vious days position, and deduce from those two points is well as ground sntions. Once a complementary sys-
   some idea of tomorrow's position.These are the functions tem called Local Area Augmgntation Service is in place.,
   inherent, and almost instantly accessible, in a dynamic at selectedairports, the PAA Wilt eventually be able to turn
   backing system like c:'s. It's no wonder (a'Shas rapidly over the task of flight navigation, from takeofftopreci- F
   made its way into the navigation stations of recreational soon landings, entirely toGPsThe result ofdil isabizarre.1
   boats and commercial ships alike, replacing older elec- iron; in which some branches of the federalgoysmment
   tronic navigation systems as well as celestial navigation. arc working hard to offset error purposely created by an-
      But for civilian can users, there is a catch_ The system is other federal agena; the Department of Defense_
   purposely compromised, its accuracy intentionally de-            c:9, especially Differential tai's, has come as a particu-
   graded. GCS was designed, as the responsible federal agen- lar godsend to geophvsicists, the men and women who
   cies are careful to remind us, to serve "as a dual-use system study the phvsical and dynamic parameters ofplanet Earth.
   with the primary purpose ofenhancing the effectiveness Most of us think of the Earth as an inherently stable plat-
   of l S. anti allied military forces." One way to do that is to form: bedrock_ But to geophysicists, Earth experiences a
   de-enhance everyone else's effectiveness—to deny non- wide range of volatility—some of it very slow, some Of it
   military ours and foreign adversaries the kind ofaccuracy occurring at the rate of days or weeks. Tectonic plates

108 DISCOVER DECEMBER 1999
       von the least expensive cos receivers       seconds of latitude and longitude. You can          tance. You can mark any position you come
 $:    come equipped with a remarkable array       specify ulMfups coordinates Instead oflati-         to—a way point—or you can enter way point
       of features. Information is typically or-   tude and longitude, or you can convert land         coordinates in advance from a map. You can
       ganized screen-by-screen as a series of     miles to nautical miles or to their metric equiv-   call up a list of the nearest way points, a list
pages. The first page presents a diagram of the    alents. You can even specify whether the mag-       of all way points, and a list of preprogrammed
sky overhead, with markers pointing out the        netic heading refers to true north or magnetic      or recorded routes, as well as the sunrise and
an satellites above the horizon, as well as an     north. A navigationpage complements the po-         sunset times at that spot. A map page pro-
indicator that shows the signal strength com-      sition page. Both show approximate altitude,        vides a graphic representation of your track
ing from each satellite. Once the receiver locks   accurate time, grobnd speed, the bearing of         and nearby way points. And if you aimlessly
on to the satellite signals, a page appears        your track, estimated time to a destination,        walk into the wilderness with your cps on, it
showing your position In degrees, minutes, and     estimated time of arrival, and elapsed trip dis-    can create a map you can follow back out.

grind at each other's edges, cresting upward. Portions of                    monitor the movement of commercial trucks ofevery 4
the crust are still rebounding from the weight of long-van-                  scnpnon. 1his is both a form ofinsight to the vehicle,~o(}9n-
ished ice sheets. It adjusts locally to the shock of earth-                  ers and a form of intrusion to the drivers, who find their
quakes and volcanoes. And, as one geophysicist writes,                       movements visible to management in a way they never
"the torques from the sun, moonand planets move the                          were before. cis is also being used in experimental pro-
tnticidn axis (of harth} in space; torques from the at-                      grams to monuor the movcm_ ciitso't parolees. there is
mosphere, ocean, and fluid core move the rotation axis                       onlyidiffcrence ofemphasis between tracking a parolee
rc1ajhc to the crust of-Earth. Both sources ofot ques                        with a GPS and tracking a sales representative with the
changethe rotation rate of Eartlr." GI's offers an extraor-                  same tool. We have learned all too well in the last few
dinary leap in the rate of data collection, with a corre-                    decades that even innocuous information can be assem-
sponding leap in the understanding of Earth's motion.                        bled in ways thaimake it dangerous. Location, movement,
                                                                             and time are not innocuous forms of information.
ASTECIINULOGY BECOMILSPIORESOPIIISru Xl' iD, ITSEEMS                            As technology advances, it abstracts us farther and far-
as though freedom gets defined in more basic terms. GPs                      ther from the eaa i we live on. We inhabit a world of the
offers one version of freedom—knowing where you are.                         senses, a world infinitely full ofsensory clues to our loca-
But it may ultimately threaten a more basic kind of free-                    tion and bearing. Directionality is implicit in our being.
dom—being where you are without anyone else knowing                          Thevery factors that influence Earth's rotation—the sun,
it. Everyone would like to have a Marauder's Map, but no                     moon, p anets, atmosphere, ocean —influence our sense
one wants to appear on the Marauder's Map                                                      of orientation, i uniywecanremember
without approving it. The value of cell phones                                                 how to know them. In his new Ixxk,Par
embedded with GPs chips is obvious when it                                                     ragerojwzeau,Jonathan Raban talks about
comes to emergency services. But the fact                                                      a time before cry, before sextants, even
that cell-phone service providers are able to                                                  before compasses: "Sailing with no in-
track the location of a 911 call means thatcis                                                 struments, the primitive navigator knew
could track the location of every other kind                                                   his local sea in the same unsclf-conscious
ofcalfas well. Already GPs is being used to                                                    way that a farmer knows his fields. The
                                                                                               stars supplied a grand chart of paths
Nevada geologist Abel Ramirez checks his                                                       across the known ocean, but there was
location using a GPs receiver and a topographic                                                often little need of these since the wa-
map (right). Some receivers can be connected                                                    ter itselfwas as legible as acreage fainted
with a laptop for a digital map display (below).                                                for generations. Color, wind, the flight


                                                                                                                                                          TOW BCN M. JOHNS/PHOTO BCSCABCNCBS: BOtTOM: OCLOBMC
                                                                                               of birds, and telltale variations of swell
                                                                                               gave the sea direction, shape, character?
                                                                                                It is far easier, after all, to navigate by
                                                                             pushing a single button and reading the numbers on yet
                                                                             another of the small gray screens that crowd our lives. cis
                                                                             may mean manywonderf it things, but it may also mean
                                                                             yet another death for the powers of human observation.
                                                                                And, too, Gis may be an example of technology that
                                                                              reaches the market the moment it becomes unnecessary—
                                                                  { t    t   ai: least where ordinary consumers are concerned. Now
                                                                             that the nonaqueous, nonarctic globe is mostly paved, and
                                                                             people are as thick upon the Earth as mold on month-old
                                                                             bread, a device has been invented at last that tells you
                                                                             where you are without having to ask strangers. U
Microwaves and Mind Control                                            rage 1 0133


 MICROWAVE HARASSMENT AND MIIVD=CONTROL EXPERIMENTATION


 SUPPLEMENT

 Whither the KGB?                        .I

 PART 1 - THE PROBLEM SURFACES]

 The_Existiflg cited-Energy Arsenal

= BIOEFFECTS OF MICROWAVE RADIATION

 CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT

 PRELIMINARY FINDINGS

 PART II -- OVERT AND COVERT HARASSMENT

 OVERT HARASSMENT

 MIND-CONTROL EXPERIMENTATION

 by, Julianne McKinney
 Director; Electronic Surveillance Project
 Association of National Security Alunnu
 December 1992


 Whither the KGB?


 In February 1974, Georgetown University's Center for Strategic and
 International Studies (CSIS) hosted discussions on the plight of
 dissenters in the Soviet Union, and on a means by which.the U-S.
 Government might most effectively intervene. highlights of these
 discussions are reported in "Understanding the Solzhenitzyn Affair:
 Dissent and its Control in the USSR," (CSIS, 1974).

  KGB strategies were addressed in some detail during these
  discussions. It was noted that the KGB's'success depended on the
  extensive use of infonnant networks and agent provocaieurs; and,
 •following Brezhnev's rise to power, on the use of drags and
  psychiatrists for further purpose of manipulation and control.
  Shadowing, bugging, slandering, blacklisting and other related
  tactics were also cited as serving KGB purpose. Participants in
httpJfwww.webcom.com/pinknoi7Jcoldwar/microwave htnil                     .2116100.
. • microwaves ana lvnna uonuoi


   the conference agreed that the KGB's obvious intent was to divide
   and isolate the populace, to spread fear, and to silent dissenters.

   Agencies of our own government are on record as having employed
   precisely these same tactics on a recurrent basis. The Church and
   Rockefeller Committee Hearings in the mid-70's purportedly put an
   end to these practices. Based on recent developments, it would
   appear that the CIA's and FBI's Operations MKULTRA, MHCHAOS and
   COINTELPRO (the focus of these Senate Committee and Vice-President-
   level Hearings) were instead merely driven underground. We are now
   in contact with a total of 25 individuals, scattered throughout the
   United states; who firmly believe they are being harassed by
 - agencies of the U.S. Government. Others have been brought to our
   attention whom we will be contacting in the future. The majority
   of these individuals claim that their harassment and surveillance
   began in 1989.

   The methods reportedly employed in these harassment campaigns bear
   a striking resemblance to those attributed to the CIA and FBI
   during Operations MKULTRA, MHCHAOS and COINTELPRO: The only
   difference now is that electronic harassment and experimentation
   also appear to be (more blatantly) involved.

   The Berlin Wall is down, Communism is in the midst of a death
   rattle, and the KGB no longer poses the threat which purportedly
   served to justify the U.S. Government's resort to such operations
   as MKULfRA, MHCHAOS and COINTELPRO. The KGB, since 1989, has been
   reduced to an increasinglydistant memory:

   Reactivation of surveillance/harassment/mind-control operations in
   this country suggest that the KGB, as an institution, was never the
   real threat. A KGB "mentality," which is underlying pragmatic
   contempt for civil liberties, appears, instead, to have been the
   driving force behind MKULTRA, MHCHAOS and COINTELPRO, and the
   operations now being reported to us.

    The KGB "mentality" is a matter of personal predilection, not
    ideology. Its objective is power and control, regardless of human
    cost. It is a corrupting, cancerous influence, which feeds on
    fear, conformity and government finding.

    Four months ago, when this Project commenced, we approached these
    complaints of government harassment and experimentation with an
    admitted "high degree of caution." We are no longer skeptical:
    The growing numbers of independent complaints and the similarities
    between those complaints rnnnot be ignored. Under the
    circumstances, the KGB should be proud of itself. As a
    "mentality," the KGB appears to be accomplishing more in "burying
    this country" from within, than it could ever have hoped to have
  httpil*ww.webcom.com/—pinknoirlcoldwar/microwave.html                  2/16/00
•   lvncmwavvs win 1vunu LVuuui                                            rage J ot»


     achieved as an institution. It would appear that this country has
     a serious problem on its hands which needs to be resolved.

     Part I of this ieport, which is reprinted from the June-July
     edition of the association's publication, Unclassified,
     preliminarily addresses the complaints brought to our attention as
     of July 1992. Our objective, as noted, was to weigh the legitimacy
     of those complaints in terms of the directed-energy technologies
     reportedly involved. Part II discncces the overt and covert
     patterns of harassment identified as a result of our
     investigations, to date. A part of our objective, here, is to
     limit the-suceess of such operations in the future;byaccording
     them widespread publicity.            -

     In Part II, we do not identify individuals by name, both to honor
     their privacy and because our investigations have not been
     completed. Part II, like Part I, is a preliminary finding. Our
     focus is on the similarities of the complaints being received —
     similarities which Federal and State legislators, the courts, the
     FBI, local law enforcement agencies, the medical and psychiatric
     professions, and organizations such as the ACLU and Amnesty
     International have so far chosen to ignore.

     We frankly find it curious that more attention and creditability is
     being accorded purported victims of UFO experiences and spectral
     visitations, than to persons who complain of systematic.harassment
     and experimentation by the U.S. Government; involving technologies
     which the U.S. Government is only now grudgingly admitting to
     possess. These complaints require investigation. In due course
     (and provided financial support is obtained), we hope to be able to
     acquire the technology and supportive medical expertise to
     substantiate the claims being made. We also hope to alter the
     institutional mindset that U.S. Intelligence can be trusted.
     History, repeatedly, has proven otherwise.


     PART 1- l 1. PROBLEM SURFACES

     [Reprinted from the June-July 1992 edition of UNCLASSIFIED (Vol.
     IV, No. 3), published by The Association of National Security
     Alumni, Washington, D.C.]

     The August-September 1991 issue of UNCLASSIFIED reviewed Hariilh e
     University's "Public Administration" report on the resolution of ,.
     MKULTRA cases in 1988. Although the shocking details of medical
     ethics abuses by the U.S. and Canadian governments were amply
    httpJiwww.webcom.comi—pinknoizlcoldwar/microwave.html                       2116/00
Microwaves and Mind Control                                            rage ~+ of a~


 detailed, Washington and Ottawa — citing national security and
 goverment privilege — stalled for so long that cases. never came
 to trial, the surviving victims settled for a pittance in an out-
 of-court settlement.

 Since no individuals or agencies were held legally accountable, the
 door was left open for possible resumption of similar "mind-
 control" activities.

 In the context of that article, we mentioned briefly that some
 half-dozen people had contacted us with appeals for assistance in
 ending whartliey believe to be electronic harassment and`mmd=
 control experimentation, possibly involving the CIA. We decided to
 take a closer look at the situation.

 We are now in touch with approximately a dozen individuals
 throughout the United States who appear to be targets of harassment
 and mind-control experimentation involving directed-energy
 technologies. [By mid-November 1992, the number had increased to
 25.]

 Typically, persons who complain of being "zapped by radio waves"
 and of "hearing voices" are stigmatized as psychotic, delusional or
 schizophrenic. Being mindful of this, as well as aware of the
 treatment accorded UFO and psychic phenomena"freaks," we approach
 this subject with a high degree of caution. Based on our
 preliminary investigation, including.interviews withthe affected
 individuals, we conclude that the matter is serious and should be
 pursued further:


 The Existing DirectedEnergy Arsenal

 Our first step was to determine what, if any technology exists
 which might be used for electronic harassment. The information was
 found in a "white paper" published in 1991 by the U.S. Global
 Strategy Council — a Washington-based organization, under the
 chairmanship of Ray Cline, former Deputy Director of the CIA, who
 maintains very close ties with the U.S. Intelligence community.
 The "white paper" describes the foreign and domestic uses foreseen
 for laser weapons, isotropic radiators, infrasound, non-nuclear
 electromagnetic pulse generators, and high-powered microwave
 emitters.

 The term, "non-lethal," used to describe this technology is
 misleading. the energy emitted from all of these. weapons can kill
httn://www.webcom.com/—ninknoizicoldwar/microwave.html                      2/16/00
Mrcrowaves ana Mrna Lonffoi                                               J Ol J.7


  people when appropriately amplified. At lower levels of amplified,
• they can cause extreme forms of physical dicromfort and
  debilitation.

  The Department of the Army (DA) identifies these same weapons as
  "non-conventional." They were so identified an exhibit at DA-
  sponsored symposium on "The Soldier As A System;" in Crystal City,
  VA, on June 30, 1992. Beta wave incapacitators were separately
  mentioned during the symposium as being particular interested to
  the U.S. Marine Corps.

  We discussed these "non-conventional" directed-energy weapons witli '
  Mr. Vernon Shisler, manager of the exhibit and the Army's delegate
  to NATO in matters pertaining to "The Soldier As A System."'Mr.
  Shisler acknowledged not only that directed-energy weapons are in
  the Dod's arsenal, but also that the American soldier will remain
  vulnerable to their effects, should they be employed the
  battlefield.

  The U.S. Global Strategy Council recognizes the issue of
  vulnerability, as well, and urges ongoing research into effective
  countermeasures.

  Interested readers may want to send for the U.S. Global Strategy
  Council's complete project proposal on this subject: (Title:
  Nonlethality: Development of a National Policy and Employing
  Nonlethal Means in a New Strategic Eta, prepared by Janet Morris).
  A number of references in this Proposal to unidentified, elusive
  "enemies" of the U.S. Government and the potential domestic
  applications of this "non-lethal" technology invite serious
  consideration by the public at large.

  The Council's address is 1800 K Street, N.W., Washington, D.C.
  20006, (202) 466-6029.


  BIOEIcFins OF MICROWAVE RADIATION

  Research into biological and psychological effects of exposure
  microwave radiation is voluminous. The U.S. public has been led
  believe that the former Soviet Union leads in this research. The
  fact is, the CIA and DoD [Department of Defense] have jointly
  pursued precisely the same research since commencement of Project
  Pandora in the 1950's. The current primary users of this research
  appear to be the CIA, DoD, the National Security Agency (NSA) and
  the Department of Energy (DoE).
 httØ/wwwwebcom.com/pinknoiz/coldwar/microwave html                       2116/00
                                                                                                        J.7


     The Walter Reed Army Institute of Research (WRAIR) has participated
     in this research since Project Pandora In 1973, WRAIR discovered
     that externally-induced auditory input could be achieved by means
     of pulsed microwave audiograms, analogs of spoken words' sounds.
     The effect on the receiving end is the(schizophrenic) sensation of
     "hearing voices" which are no part of the recipients' own thought
     processes.

     The experiment prompted the following comment in "The Body
     Electric: Electromagnetism and the Foundation of Life," by Robert
     O.Becker,-M:D:; and         Selderr.(Wr:Morrow&Company, NY,1985):
     "Such a device has obvious applications covert operations
     designed to drive a target crazy with 'voices' or deliver
     undetected instructions to a programmed assassin."

     This research has continued, and the results are published
     various publicly available scientific and technical journals.
     Interested readers might consult, for example: Lin, James C.,
     Electromagnetic Interaction With Biological Systems (Plenum Press,
     NY, 1989). Professor Lin, then with the Department of
     Bioengineering, University of Illinois, Chicago, has published a
     number of books and articles on this subject. [He has more recently
     informed us that he had designed the experiment referred above
     Dr. Becker's book.]

     WRAIR has more recently been studying the biological effects of
     exposure to high power microwave radiation. WRAIR presented a
     paper on this subject to a DoD-sponsored symposium on "MW
     [microwave] Weapons" at the Naval Postgraduate School iii Monterey,
     CA, in mid-1989.

     A matter of interest to us is why WRAIR should be experimenting
     with auditory effects of pulsed microwave audiograms. Also, recent
     statements by an Army psychiatrist assigned to the Walter Reed Army
     Medical Center (WRAMC) suggest that WRAIR may be experimenting upon..
     select psychiatric inpatients with microwaves. This, too, is a
     matter to us.


      CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT
s   • The Government's past record of abuses in. the area of civil rights              .
      is well documented. Within the past 30.yeafs alone, we have           •• .           •   :•
      witnessed the effects of Opi..iations MKULTRA, MHCHAOS and
      COINTELPRO.                                                                  .
    http//www.webcom.com/—pinlmoizlcoldwarfmicrowave.html                                           .2/16/00
• Microwaves and Mina Control                                             rage tor»


   Primarily because of MKULTRA, MHCHAOS and COINTELPRO, Executive
   Orders and implementing regulations were published which prohibited
   military and CIA domestic covert intelligence operations.
   Experiments on involuntary human subjects, and the surveillance
   of/collection of personal information on U.S. citizens, except
   under strictly regulated conditions were also prohibited.

   Congressional committees were created oversee compliance with
   these (quasi-) legal prohibitions. We have evidence that this is
   not being done. Moreover, where there are laws and, in this case,
   no laws enacted, There are loopholes, as 'Well as individual and
   institutions who deliberately capitalize upon the existence of
   loopholes. Iran-Contra is one of the more blatant recent examples.
   Loopholes are also found in government resort to "black"
   intelligence and weapons programs, in the use of contractors, and in
   the absence of clear definitions of such terns as "national
   security" and "national security risk."

   Executive Orders and regulations which currently limit U.S.
   Intelligence activities do not extend to non-intelligence
   government agencies or to their contractors. If fact, Executive
   Order 12333 specifies that goverment contractors do not need to
   know that their services support U.S. Intelligence objectives.

   In its report of July 8,1992, the Senate Subcommittee on Oversight
   of Government Management addresses the problem of tracking fiords
   granted to government-contracted research and development (R&D)
   centers: The report notes that the problem is compounded by DoD's
   penchant for creating hard-to-monitor "shell" contractors as
   disbursement centers for funding programs.

   Neither shell contractors nor their subcontractors are directly
   accountable to Congress. Being beyond Congressional oversight,
   they have the license to operate as Government surrogates in
   intelligence operations about which, "officially" they know
   nothing.

   In this context, a publication disseminated at DA's "The Soldier As
   A System" symposium noted that the Army's Research and Technology
   Program sponsors 42 laboratories and R & D centers, employing
   approximately 10,000 scientists and engineers. The annual budget
   of $13 billion is only a small part of overall DoD research
   spending.

   Weapons research, which includes the development and testing of
   "non-Iethal" weapons, is not governed by laws restricting the
   activities of U.S. Intelligence agencies, though it may be presumed
   that these agencies contribute to and benefit from such research.
  httpJ/www.webcom.coml—pinknoizfcoldwailmicrowave.html                       2/16/00
 PRELIMINARY FINDINGS


 I. The technology exists for the types of harassment and
 experimentation reported to us.

  2. About dozen U.S. citizens have informed of continuing
- experiments with effects which directed-energy weapons are
  designed to produce.

 3. U.S. Government-sponsored research into the bioeffects of
 exposure to microwave radiation is extensive and
 continuing.

  4. The U.S. Government has a past record of having engaged in
  mind-control experimentation; and various agencies of the
  Government have a record of circumventing legal
  restrictions upon their activities.

  5. Neither.Congress nor the courts appear willing to look
  closely into "black" intelligence and weapons procurement
  programs.

  6. A number of U.S. Government agencies might have interest
  in testing directed-energy technologies on U.S: citizens
  under non-clinical/non-controlled circumstances — DoD, to
  test ranges and degrees of "non-lethality"; DoE,.to
  explore "safety" limits; CIA, to test "mind-control"
  capabilities, and NSA, for technological.retiinement.


  PART II — OVERT AND COVERT HARASSMENT

  Since publication of the preceding artiele less than four months
  ago, the association of National Security Alumni/Electronic
  Surveillance Project has heard from an additional 13 individuals
  who report both overt harassment and a range of symptoms which
  coincide with the known effects of exposure to microwaves,
  electromagnetic/radio frequency (RF) radiation and/or infiasound.

  The similarity of these symptoms will be addressed in greater
 httpi/www.webcom.com/'-pinknoizlcoldwar/microwavelitml               2/16!00
Nrcrowaves anQ MIDQ uomrur                                             I aSG 7 Vl OJ


 detail in future Project reports. Suffice it to say, at this point,
 that the physical and psychological symptoms being reported to us
 are consistent with the effects which directed-energy weapons are
 designed to produce. Indeed, the numerous afflictions (or
 "inflictions") being reported appear to parallel standard torture
 "sequelae,"(1) (aftereffects).


 OVERT HARASSMENT

 Overt Harassment — which obviously is meant to be observed — may
 be intended to "precondition" individuals for eventual long-term
 electronic harassment. Persons terrified by unexplained overt
 harassment are not likely to cope with the sudden onset of
 electronic harassment in any more reasoned fashion. This phased
 pattern of harassment is apparent in all of the cases now being
 investigated. The fact that the overt harassment continues in
 these cases even after the electronic targeting commences suggest
 that the objective is to maintain long-term extremes of stress.

 Many of the overt harassment tactics discussed below are surfacing
 in cases which (so far) have not involved discernible forms of
 electronic harassment. These are cases involving so-called
 "whistleblowers" who, because of their inside knowledge of certain
 potentially newsworthy events, pose particular threats of
 embarrassment to the Government or to•,govemment-affiliated
 employers. We have noticed that electronic harassment is beginning
 to surface as a form of retaliation against persons who try to
 assist electronic "harassees." Retaliation suggest loss of
 control. Under these circumstances, we are not entirely confident
 that "whistleblowers" will continue to be exempted from this type
 of harassment in the long tern.

 The individuals now in touch with the Project describe their
 circumstances as involving most, if not all, of the following overt
 forms of harassment:
 s Sudden, bizarrely-rude treatment, isolation•and acts of
'harassment and vandalism by formerly friendly neighbors.
 s Harassing telephone calls, which continue even after the
 targeted individual obtains new, unlisted telephone
 numbers.

  # Mail interception, theft and tampering.

http:1Iwww.webcom.coml--pinknoizlcoldwar/microwave.html                      2116/00
tvncrowaves.ana lvirna t,omroi


 s Noise campaigns.

 While unrelenting harassing telephone calls might be, considered in
 this context, other tactics are employed. Blaring horns; whistles,
 sirens, garbage disposal (run concurrently in apartment settings,
 for excessively prolonged periods of time), and amplified
 transmissions of recorded "general racket" have been used on a
 recurrent basis under circumstances intended to persuade the
 individual that he or she is under.surveillance.

 In all of these cases, the individuals' neighbors apparently
 pretend to be oblivious and/or indifferent to these sudden,
 continuous explosions of noise.

 Door slamming is also a popular pastime, particularly apartment
 buildings. One individual reported that, during a peak period of
 harassment, the neighbor across the ball began entering and leaving
 his apartment every 10 minutes, slamming his door loudly on each
 occasion. This was a daily occurrence, encompassing periods of
 several hours, over a period of several months. It•is apparently
 served to trigger a door-slamming "chain reaction".on the part of
 neighbors both on that floor and on the floors immediately above
 and below. When our contact politely asked her immediate.neighbor
 to close her door more quietly, he slammed the door her face.
 Prior to commencement of this harassment, the.neighbor had
 apparently been quite friendly and courteous.

 In another case, the primary door-slammer is an employee of Radix
 Systems, Inc., Rockville, MD, a DoD contractor engaged in the
 "super-secret" research and development of some type of electronic
 equipment.

 Several individuals reported recurrent; loud, strange noises in
 their ventilation systems during the preliminary stages of their
 harassment. One individual complained of being recurrently
 awakened in the middle of the night by the sound of wires being fed
 into his (independent) ventilation system. On checking further, he
 found that a tubular construction had been built into his vent
 system which appears to lead to the apartment upstairs. His
 upstairs neighbor is employed by the Department of Justice..

   A number of individuals report that occupants of upstairs and
   downstairs apartments appear to follow them from room to room,
• tapping on the floor or engaging in other activities which appear
 • intended to advertise an ongoing surveillance.

  The Justice Department employee mentioned above went as far as to
  offer an unsolicited apology to her downstairs neighbor for an
http//www.webcom.conil—pinknoizfcoldwarfmicrowave.hhnl                 2/16/00
Microwaves and Mmd Control                                             rage 11 oI33


 night "pacing about" in her bedroom (in the event he bad happened
 to notice it). She claimed to be an insomniac. The pacing-about
 continued during her recent 36-hour absence from the area When
 her contact politely alerted her to the fact that her apartment had
 apparently been entered during her absence, she told him, in
 effect, to mind his own business and then immediately complained to
 the building manager that he was stalking her.

 She conveniently forgot to infonn the building manager that she had
 assiduously "courted" this individual for several months, without
 success; and that she had been stealing'hisnewspapers on a regular
 basis:(On•one occasion;she handed him a week's accumulatiowof
 those papers, claiming that they had been left outside the door of
 another apartment. Her reason for collecting and saving the
 newspapers which had not been delivered to her directly is
 unknown.)

 * Recurrent confrontations by unusually, hostile strangers;
 and comments by strangers which appear intended to evoke
 "paranoid" reactions.

 In this context, we note that several individuals have reported
 confrontations with "homeless" people who, on closer examination,
 were found to be fastidiously clean, though garbed in offbeat
 fashion (wigs included). The same "eccentric" confronted two of
 the individuals in contact with us, at separate distant location&
 He is reported as having feigned mental illness on both occasions,.
 and as having apparently enjoyed creating a public scene.

 *Entries into the individual's residence, during late-night
 hours while he/she is sleeping, and/or during the day when
 the individual is elsewhere.

 In virtually all such cases, the burglars leave evidence of their
 visits, such as relocating objects, or by committing petty and not-
 so- petty acts of vandalism. In two cases, the burglar's "calling
 card" was to slaughter caged pets, leaving the mangled carcasses
 inside their locked cages.

 In one case, the burglar stole several pieces of correspondence and
 left a packet of crack cocaine behind as a "calling card." Our
 contact in this case - an individual who has no criminal record
 and no history of experimentation with drugs -is also being
 harassed (stalked) by a police officer of her community. One of
 his recent acts was to "frame" her with a drug possession charge.
 After pulling her off the road (a frequent pastime) and subjecting
 her to an illegal search (done, twice, so far), he conveniently
 managed to find a glassine packet of cocaine eight feet away, in
 front of his squad car. He retrieved the packet with his fingers

hftpi/www.webcom.comf-pinknoizcoldwar/microwave.htnil                        21.16/00
Microwaves anti Mina control                                           rage iL Vi»


 and then charged her with Possession. Our contact found the packet
 of crack cocaine in her apartment shortly after this investigator
 reminded the attorney handling her case that the police officer had
 smudged his only piece of evidence with his own fmgerprints. It
 would appear that someone is interested in correcting that police
 officer's oversight.

 In another case, the individual reports that a tremendous amount of
 money has been stolen from a hiding place in her apartment, within
 hours after she had withdrawn the money from her bank. There was
 no obvious signs of entry into her apartment. The police conducted
 a cursory inquiry-which-failed toproduce evidence of aerime.
 worthy of investigation. (This cacP is an anomaly. Money is
 usually not stolen. Documents appear to be the preferred objects
 of theft, when theft occur.)

 In another case, the burglars replaced installed lightbulbs with
 "exploding" bulbs, many of which were 'Made in Hungary.' The
 lightbulbs are now in our possession.

 * Rapidly deteriorating health, generally of a digestive
 nature.

 In two cases of the cases reported, massive rectal bleeding.
 accompanied the sudden onset of sever gastrointestinal
 disturbances. One of these individuals abruptly terminated the
 deteriorative process simply by changing the locks on her door.

 * Sleep disruption/deprivation

 This is achieved by means of overt and electronic harassment.
 Sleep deprivation, as a tactic; invariably surfaces when the
 targeted individual begins exhibiting a strong emotional and
 irrational response to the other forms of harassment.

 * Vandalism of privately-owned vehicles

 Vehicles invite peculiarly ferocious attacks in these harassment
 campaigns — slashed tires, smashed windows, oil drainage, oil
 contamination, destruction of electronic components and batteries
 (frequently involving wildly fluctuating, grounded fuel gages;
 often within range of weapons research facilities and/or other
 microwave emitters); and suddenly failed brakes and clutches
 (possible involving anti-traction polymers, which are also in DoD's
 "non-lethal" weapons arsenal). Recurrent auto thefts have also
 been reported.

 Two individuals reported finding their oil contaminated immediately
 after having the oil changed by reputable mechanics. In one of
httpi/www.webbom.com/—pinknoizfcoldwar/microwave.html                        2/16/00
lcncrowaves ana        controi                                          rage 13 UI»


 these cases, the oil viscosified (thickened) while the individual
 was driving through a remote rural area. Her car ground to a halt.
 Getting the "gunk" cleaned out of her engine proved to be an
 expensive ordeal. (Viscosification agents are also lauded by the
 U.S. Global Strategy Council as serving "non-lethal" strategic
 purposes -- a topic discussed in Part I of this publication. Had
 this woman been assaulted while awaiting help in the said isolated
 area, the"non-lethal" attributes of viscosfication agents might
 have required redefinition.)

  Most of those who have experienced these attacks on a recurring
 -basis•have abandoned driving all together -'an objective
  apparently sought by their tormentors as a means of increasing
  their isolation.
 * Staged accidents.

 The majority of those in touch with us have reported these types of
 experiences. One individual, for example, was tailgated at a high
 rate of speed by two vehicles, while•concurrently being threatened
 with a gun by one of the vehicles' occupants. Two others.narrowly
 avoided what happened to be deliberately attempted collisions by
 drivers who quickly sped away from the scene. One avoided three
 attempts in four days at being run off the. road. One survived by
 being run off the road in two incidents within a one-week period,
 which resulted in "totaling" of her two vehicles. Another narrowly
 avoided being crushed into an expressway retaining wall, on four
 occasions, by an off-duty metro bus, as well as, within the same
 time frame, being "fried" by two suddenly-malfunctioned household
 appliances which subsequently repaired themselves. It should be
 noted that, in some of these cases, "accidental" deaths do occur.
 One individual in contact with. us reported that his mother drove
 off cliff to her death, during a period when he was researching
 evidence that a still-respected, high level State Department
 official had passed A-bomb secrets to the Soviet Government during
 World War II. The accident occurred shortly after her car had
 undergone routine maintenance. She was returning from a dental.•
 appointment when the accident occurred. Witnesses state that it
 appeared that she had suddenly stepped on the accelerator before
 running off the road. The accident served to terminate: this
 person's research project.

  We also look into the recent death of a woman in Lexington, MO, who
  was killed when the brakes on her tractor failed. We are informed
  that she had been collecting affidavits,from persons who believe
  they are the targets of government harassment and experimentation
  when her "accident" occurred. We are also informed that these
  affidavits have disappeared.


ht4t//www.webcom.comf—pinknoWcoldwar/microwave.hUnl
rvneruwaves Wit! IYIIIIU tUIIUW                                         1 OSL 1T V1 J~'


 Suicides might also qualify as "staged accidents,"particularly
 where "plausibly deniable" government involvement has been
 surfaced. We are currently looking into the recent suicide of a
 man in Trappe, PA, who, as early as 1981, had asked the FBI and CIA
 to intervene in his case. We have copies of that early
 correspondence. The man, a former U.S. Army radar technician, had
 a highly technical and -- given date of his correspondence —
 "precocious" grasp of the experimental objectives apparently being
 sought in his case. It is apparent from his correspondence that he
 had wanted to believe that the Soviets were conducting these
 experiments.-The FBI-and CIA; of course; did not intervene. We
 are informed that members of his family have also been targets of
 this experimentation.
 * Isolation of the individual from members of his/her family
 — virtually assured when highly focused forms of
 electronic harassment commence.

 The exception to this is when elderly parents and young children in
 the family become targets for apparent purposes of intimidation.
 This situation has been reported in eight of our cases, to date..

 One individual (driven to extremes of stress by ongoing electronic
 harassment focusing on her children) killed one child in an effort
 to protect her from further pain.(2) It appears that lasers were
 being used in this individual's case. The targeting intensified
 after she called the Soviet Embassy to report the harassment, which
 she believed to be U.S. Government-sponsored. It became even more
 deadly when, in a further show of defiance; she then called the
 representative of the Iraqi Government to portraythe U.S.
 Government's war in the Middle East as "hypocritical.." She is now
 hospitalized in a midwestern facility, where, apparently, the
 experimentation is now continuing.

  (That psychiatric facility is in a State where a disproportionate
  number of complaints of electronic harassment are beginning to
  surface. It is also within range of a U.S. Air Force base which
  houses a "super secret" research facility. We are currently
  looking into infonnation that spouses and children of persons
  employed on that USAF base may be the targets of involuntary
  experimentation involving direct-energy weapons technologies.)

  Another individual, during a telephone conversation, was told by an
  employee of a local power company that, if she valued the lives of
  her children, she would drop her public opposition to the company's
  installation of high power lines. Since receiving that threat, the
  individual's 11-year-old daughter has been reduced to extremes of
  pain, resulting in her recurrent hospitalization for treatment of

hitpi/www.webcom.comkpinknoizkoldwar/microwaveLhtml                            2/16/00 .
                      t


illnesses which cannot be diagnosed. It is also apparent to this
individual that her three-year-old son is on the receiving end of
externally-induced auditory input. (DoE figures prominently in
this case.)

*Progressive financial impoverishment, brought on by
termination of the individual's employment; and compounded
by expenses.associated with the harassment.

 The majority of those now in contact with the Project — educated,
 white-collar professionals -- have lost their jobs. Termination of
 employment-in many of thest cases involved prefatory harassmentby
 the employer and co-workers, which coincided with the other overt
 forms of harassment discussed above.

 The overt harassment tactics are being described as recurrent, non-
 sequential and overlapping. As noted above; the overt harassment
 continues even after the electronic harassment commences.


 FAILURE OF "ESTABLISHMENT" SUPPORT SYSTEMS

 Those individuals who have tried to resolve their respective
 situations through resort to "establishment" channels have
 invariably encountered the following:

 * Apathy, indifference and/or professed helplessness on the
 part of members of Congress and state legislators.

 *Dismissal and/or attempted discrediting bypsychiatrists
 who refuse to include the terms, "government-harassment,"
 "mind-control experimentation" and "torture" in their
 vocabulary.

 Several individuals, thinking the psychiatrists might help to
 alleviate the extreme stress associated with their harassment, and
 accorded "treatment" which clearly pointed to corporation between
 their psychiatrists and members of the U.S. Intelligence community.
 One such psychiatrist, in fact, bragged about being a member of the
 U.S. Intelligence "inner circle," informing our contact that her
 harassment was a "Pavlovian Experiment," intended to "break" her.

   Lack of interest, courage and/or competency     legal
 circles.

 Few of those in contact with us have been able to acquire legal
httpi/www.webcom.conif--pinknoizfcoldwar/microwave.html                2/16/00
mrcrowaves ana mma Lonuoi                                              raga. r o of   3


 assistance — not helped by their straitened financial
 circumstances. Most have found that few attorneys are willing to
 risk their careers by pursuing cases involving what is believed to
 be government-sponsored harassment or experimentation.

 A few attorneys reportedly engaged in egregious violations of codes
 of professional conduct, in what appear to have been deliberate
 efforts at sabotaging our contacts' cases. Subsequent attempts by
 two individuals at obtaining legal redress were met with
 stonewalling, obstruction, and high-level denials of wrongdoing.

 * Refusal of-the mass media to address this topic; except in
 those cases where suspected experimentees. have been driven
 to committing murder or suicide.

 Such cases (particularly where an individual has claimed to be a
 victim of CIA-directed mind-control involving auditory input) are
 treated by the press as "curiosities." Am example of this is the
 individual who shot a Navy officer outside the Pentagon in mid-
 1991.(3) He claimed to be a victim of CIA mind control, involving
 auditory input. According to the press, "he worried 'about being
 run over by trains'..." (ref. incident described in following
 paragraph). He is now permanently residing in a psychiatric
 facility. He, being institutionalized, and others in the :
 preliminary stages of his predicament are no longer of interest to
 the media.

 Another recent case which received short-lived press attention(4)
 involved a woman diagnosed as having "suffered from periods of
 confusion" who climbed over a fence onto araiIroad,track and
 walked into an oncoming train. Because the incident occurred in a
 community in which an unusually large number of mind-control
 experiments have been reported, we are looking.into the situation.
 The woman was reportedly "under a physician's care" because of her
 "periods of confusion." A family member described the physician to
 this investigator as "a psychiatrist." We find that the alleged
 "psychiatrist" is a General Practitioner, otherwise non-accredited,
 practicing out of his home. We find also that thesuicide may have
 been witnessed under peculiarly-timed circumstances by an alleged
 "homeless" person who has since disappeared. Needlessto say, our
 interest has been whetted.

 * Refusal and/or inability of local police to intervene.

 The tendency of local police is to dismiss an individual's
 complaints of government harassment as the ravings of a
 "fruitcake." In one case, discussed above, it is apparent that one
 police officer is actively cooperating in the harassment. Some
 police agencies, while acknowledging the reality of the situation,

httpi/www.webcom.com/pinknoiz/coldwar/microwavehtnil                           2/16/00
Microwaves and Mind Control                                              ua


 hesitate to intervene in cases involving what they believe to be
 U.S. Intelligence. On a few occasions, certain police officials
 did attempt to intervene, based on what they perceived to be
 evidence of a systematic harassment/illegal surveillance campaign.
 Absent a clear mandate to prosecute "stalkers" acting under the
 aegis of U.S. Intelligence, the police obviously had their hands
 tied.

 * Refusal of the FBI to intervene in any of the cases brought
 to our attention thus far.

 FBI spokesmen do acknowledgethat they have received a large number _
 of requests for assistance from "mentally disturbed persons" who
 believe that they are being "zapped by radio waves" and/or "are
 hearing voices..." "from Mars, that is."

 In one case, an FBI spokesman reacted in a angry, defensive and
 bizarre fashion when our contact briefly alluded to PROJECT SLAMMER
 as possibly being related to her surveillance. (PROJECT SLAMMER is
 a CIA-funded study, managed by CIA and FBI behavioral scientist,
 which explores the "mental make-up" of alleged security risks,
 along with their family members and close associates. Participants
 in PROJECT SLAMMER include NSA, DIA, and Army, Navy and Air Force
 Intelligence.)

 Until PROJECT SLAMMER was mentioned, the FBI spokesman's approach
 in this case was to politely and redundantly explain that the law,
 as currently constructed, prevents the FBI's intervening in this
 individual's case. What she briefly pointed out that the.
 surveillance activities might fall under the purview of PROJECT
 SLAMMER, the spokesman's response was to abruptly and angrily
 declaim, "You don't know who is conducting that surveillance! You
 don't know if that is a state police surveillance!..:or a local
 police surveillance! It could be a totally unrelated operation!
 You don't know who is conducting that surveillance! [etc., etc]!"

 It was apparent from that response that the FBI was at least
 acknowledging the existence of a surveillance, if in somewhat
 emotional fashion. The individual in question subsequently
 furnished acquired evidence to the local police, who made it clear
 that they are no participants in the surveillance which; based on
 the evidence, pointedly suggest that our contact is the target.

 * Refusal of inability of the ACLU and. Amnesty International
 to intervene.

 Both organizations acknowledge receiving many complaints from
 persons claiming to be the targets of some type of electronic
 harassment. An ACLU spokes-woman characterized the complaints as

httpi/www.webcom.coin/-pinknoiz/coidwar/microwavehtml                   2/16%00
Microwaves ana rvilna wnnoi                                             rage r a or »


 appearing to be rational, except in a few cases. The complaints
 are not being investigated, she said,because of "limited
 resources." We have to wonder, of course, why the ACLU could
 recently find resources to defend the rights of prostitutes and the
 Ku Klux Klan, yet remains incapable of intervening in cases such as
 we are now pursuing.

 Amnesty International recently informed one of our contacts that
 they could not intervene in her case because their focus is on the
 U.S. Government's treatment of prison inmates. While incarceration
 does appear to be one sought-for objective in this harassment/mind
 control experiments,•we would like tothinkthat protectionby such
 organizations as Amnesty International can be achieved beforehand.


 RELATED COVERT METHODOLOGIES

 The persons engaged in this harassment tend to become careless,
 possibly.the result of arrogance born of an assumption that nobody
 can stop them. "Harassees" who have noted this carelessness have
 furnished us with the following insights into the covert side of
 these harassment activities.

 * Impersonation of military officers.

 One individual found that her next-door neighbor had claimed to be
 a military intelligence officer, assigned to'a space technology
 unit in California, on year-long "TDY" (temporary duty) in the
 individual's apartment building. It is subsequently determined
 that this alleged officer is not in fact a member of the US. Armed
 Forces; and that he had used this bogus status:to acquire
 information from a major defense contractor. Our contact is
 certain that this person's apartment was used as a base of
 harassment operations.

 * Use of concealment devices, and emitters detected to.date..

 Several individuals and supportive associates report having seen
 some of the electronic devices being used in these harassment
 campaigns.

   One'saw electronic equipment concealed inside a false-front
   piano being moved out of her apartment building. She had
 • previously noted that all of her surrounding neighbors had
   identical upright pianos in their apm twents, not one of which was
• ever played.
http/fwww.webcom.com/-pinlmoizlcoldwarlmicrowave.html .                        2/16/00
microwaves ana mina Comroi                                             rage r y or »


 Other suspected participants in the harassment may be concealing
 devices in oversized stereo speakers, measuring approximately 5' in
 height x 3'x3'. Several of our contacts have noted the presence of
 such speakers in adjacent dwellings.

 One individual was told by a resident of her building that her
 upstairs neighbor has "microwave ovens" in his bedroom and
 livingroom, but none in the kitchen.

 Another individual, while standing outside, looked in her
 neighbor's window to find that her bedroom appeared to'bethe
 target of a gray-colored, elongated box-like device, measuring
 approximately 1' in length x 5" in height (side view). A large,
 black-framed lens protruded from the end facing her window. The
 electrical cord, if any, was not visible from that vantage point.
 The equipment was being operated by a stranger in a three-piece
 suit, who appeared to be quite startled to;fmd that he was being
 observed.

 Another was given strong reason to believe that portable emitters
 are being concealed in oversized, extremely heavy, sometimes
 expandable "briefcases" for use in places of public assembly, such
 as meeting halls, auditoriums and restaurants. Smaller varieties
 are apparently being used on aircraft.

 On a 3-hour flight, our contact noticed that the man sitting next
 to her seemed peculiarly intent on keepingthe attache case on-his
 lap propped open with his fingertips, while he gazed "blankly" into
 the distance during the entire flight. She believed that she was
 being electronically harassed while on a flight (a common
 complaint, in most of these cases now being investigated):

 Our contact reports that, when they prepared to land, the man
 opened his attache case to hastily check his contents, thus
 disclosing the presence of a raised, built-in "concealment device"
 covering the entire bottom surface of the attache case. The low-
 slung, lift-off cover did not appear to be capable of concealinga
 laptop computer. At one point during the flight — apparently
 aware that his "reverie" was inviting attention, — the man devoted
 approximately ten minutes to scribbling assorted entries on a sheet
 of lined paper, which he had placed on top of the briefcase two
 hours previously. He devoted roughly ten minutes to the effort
 (obviously preferring a pen to a laptop computer).       attache
 case remained ajar during this process.(5)

 One individual reports that mobile emitters may be installed
 certain oversized, non-attributed medical emergency vehicles,
 possibly for the eventual use in civil disturbances. Her
httpilIwww.webcom.comf—pinknoiz/coldwarimicrowave.html                        .2/16100.
Microwaves and Mmd Control                                               rage to or»


 unsuccessful attempts at following the "medical emergency" vehicle
 which had surfaced in her case ended with a high-speed chase.

   The phony military intelligence officer, when recently moving out .
   of our contact's apartment building, was found to possess a device
   which resembles. an oversized microwave oven, measuring
 • approximately 4' in width x 2' in height x 2 I/2' in depth. A
   subsequent examination of his apartment revealed that he had tapped
   numerous additional lines into existing, in-house telephone and TV
   cables; and that he had gone to great pains to conceal a major
   excavation into one wall abutting the "harassee's." Judging from
 -photographstakenimmediately after this person's departure, the
   wiring suggests that he was hooked by modem into a computer
   network, and at least of some of his electronic equipment was
   situated in a large walk-in closet, again abutting the
   "harassee's "

  When the alleged officer moved out, his equipment (except for the
  oversized "microwave oven") was packaged in boxes identifying the
  contents only as stereo components. During his year-long residency
  in this building, no sounds emanated from his apartment to indicate
  use of this "stereo" equipment.

  * Use of modified license plates and vehicle look-alikes.

  Some individuals have noted that their neighbors' vehicles are
  periodically replaced (during peak periods of harassment) by others
  which qualify as "rough look-alikes." These tags on the latter
  closely resemble those on the homeowners' vehicles, with a
  difference being noted in only one digit or one letter. These
  modified plates appear to have been acquired through State DMV
  channels, thus suggesting government/intelligence agency
  involvement.

 • In one case, where the individual has obtained police assistance,
   tracking of one plate surfaced evidence of a drug connection. The
• plate rapidly disappeared from the vehicle in question, to be
   replaced by another, again bearing a one-letter modification.

  * Use of neighbors' residences as bases of operation and
  training.

  One individual recently saw a team of "technicians" in the house
  behind hers — a consequence of the team's failure to close the
  curtains and/or dim the lights when puttering around the kitchen at
  5:00 in the morning. The three men (strangers to this individual,
  all stripped down to their T-shirts) behaved as if they were
  unaware that they were being watched. Their observer had long
  suspected that this house was being used as a base of electronic
 hnpi/www.webcom.com/pinknoiz/coldwarfmicrowaveJ tml
Microwaves ana Mma t.onuor                                            rage zi 01


 harassment operations. The harassment had been going on throughout
 the night.

 To provoke a response from these men, the individual eventually
 commented aloud on their activities. They responded immediately by
 turning the lights off and switching to the use of flashlights.
 Why they failed to close the curtain is unknown.

 This individual is working with the police in a effort at ending
 this surveillance and harassment, with mixed results.


 Another individual, paying a surprise visit to the apartment
 upstairs, overheard one of her own telephone conversations being
 played on a tape recorder inside that apartment. Lacking both a
 legitimate pretext to enter the apartment and the support of the
 building's management personnel and/or the police, she was
 prevented from pursuing this further. Her upstairs neighbor is
 purportedly employed by Stanford University Hospital, in Stanford,
 CA.

 The target of surveillance and harassment in this case is still
 also trying to recover from the effects of exposure to potentially
 lethal doses of radiation, administered in the 1970's by a
 dangerously "incompetent" dentist. This might explain the
 involvement of alleged Stanford University Hospital personnel in
 her situation.

 The government is on record as having experimented on unwitting
 U.S. citizens with radioactive materials during the 1970's (and
 earlier).(6) The House Subcommittee on Energy and Commerce based
 their investigation into this matter.on a 30-year accumulation of
 documents maintained by the Department of Energy. Under the
 circumstances, it will come as no surprise if it is ultimately
 found that DoE has been involved in this woman's surveillance and
 harassment.
 sts

 Another individual paid a surprise visit to the apartment
 immediately below hers, in the attempt identify the source of
 tremendous racket in her ventilation system. Standing outside the
 door, she could hear an individual moving around, short distance
 from the door. She also heard the sound of rustling paper and the
 steady, sonar-like "pinging" of some type of electronic device. In
 response to her repeated knockings on the door, the person inside
 simply stopped moving about. The sound of rustling paper (perhaps
 a printout of some type) and the steady "...pin-ng!...pin-ng!"
httpilwww.webcom.com/—pinknoizlcoldwar/microwave.html                      2/16/00
Microwaves aria rvrma .,onaui


 sound continued. The occupant of this apartment resumed moving
 about only after it was (incorrectly) believed that our contact had
 departed the area. Typically, this situation could not be pursued
 further.


• All of those who live in apartment buildings report unusual
  patterns of occupancy in the apartments surrounding their own;
  i.e., upstairs, downstairs and on all sides. They have become
  quite convinced — if only because of the highly focused nature of
 ••the•systems being experienced — that these surroundingapartments
  are being used as bases of operation. Perhaps this encirclement
  facilities studies of holographic human telemetries; or perhaps it
  is intended to increase the prospect of brain, entrainment by
  electronic. means ("entrainment" being one published objective
  sought in mind control experiments).(7)

 In examining this situation more closely, a number of individuals
 have found that surrounding apartments are either permanently
 vacant, for unknown reasons, or that they have been "sub-let" by
 the original occupants to persons who are purportedly unknown to
 the buildings' management personnel. In one case, the surrounding
 renters all list two residences in the local telephone book. No
 one lives in the apartment building in question,.though the address
 is identified as one of the renters' places of residence. One
 individual suspects that the original occupants of apartments
 surrounding hers have been simply relocated to other apartments in
 the same (large) building. Another suspects that an adjacent
 apartment, which has been permanently rented to the U.S. Government
 for use by "visitors" is also being used as base of operations.

 One individual found that an immediate neighbor's housemate has the
 same (unusual) name of a university professor who has engaged in
 extensive research on behalf of the government; studying the
 bioeffects of exposure to microwave radiation.

 * Use of informants/agents provocateurs, frequently members
 of the opposite sex.

 As noted in the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Interior
 and Insular Affair's draft report, Alyeska Pipeline Service Company._
 Covert Operation '(7uly 1992), the Wackenhut Corporation's.Special
 Investigations Division adopted this tactic when pursuing Alyeska's.
 critics.

 A number of individuals in touch with us ieport a range of.
 experiences with new "friends" who— apparently posing as
 confidants — used acquired personalia to abruptly end these .
httpilwww.webcom.com/--pinknoizlcoldwar/microwave.html                   •   2/16/00
    Microwaves and Mmd Control                                               rage is En


     "friendships" under deliberately degrading and humiliating
     circumstances. When taken in the context of ongoing surveillance
     and harassment, these exercises appear intended to heighten
     emotional trauma, perhaps to provoke an uncontrolled response
     and/or to enforce isolation.

     * Misuse of covert intelligence personnel (possible. former
     case officers).

     One individual while under contract to the U.S. Government,
     properly reported what he believed to be an approach by a hostile
     intelligence service.Withinzfew weeks, alleged US.
     Intelligence officers contacted this individual. In addition to
     questioning him about his background, these alleged intelligence
     officers asked that he keep in constant contact with them,
     particularly when planning to travel.

     It soon became apparent that the alleged intelligence officers were
     intent only on forcing this individual to report to them as
     directed, and to account for his activities. He was not asked to
     assist the U.S. Government in any form of intelligence operation;
     he was not asked to execute any form of secrecy affirmation
     statement acknowledging the classified nature of these meetings;
     nor was he told why these meetings — involving a total of seven
     alleged case officers -- were necessary.

     When he began to balk at a continuation of this process, one of his
     "handlers" conveyed a threat, suggesting that his continued
     compliance might be "enforced." Finally, when this individual
     adamantly refused to corporate further, massive overt harassment
     commenced and is currently ongoing.

  The operation (clearly intended to bully this individual into
- submissive compliance for purposes which are still unknown)
  involved crude tactics formerly prized by the KGB.

       Whether or not legitimate U.S. Intelligence case officers were
       involved in this activity remains to be determined. Some private
       firms retain former U.S. Intelligence case officers for contracting
       out as "security specialist." The founder and CEO of one such firm
     • (Gerald P. Burke, The Parvus Company, Silver Spring, MD) has
       informed us that the activities of contract case officers are
       neither monitored nor subjected to formal restraint.

      * Use of psychotropic drugs by cooperative physicians.

      Shortly after resigning from the CIA, one of our contacts underwent
      a range of experiences which suggested that she had been massively
•     drugged. One of the alleged perpetrators, whom we have met,
    • httpil/www.webcom.coml—pinknoizicoldwar/microwave.html                       2/16/00
Microwaves and Mind Control                                              rage 24.0133


 alternately claims to be employed by NASA and/or by a firm in
 Miami, handling, "microwave equipment." NASA has no record of this
 person under the name furnished.

 The "experimentee" ultimately sought the assistance of a
 psychiatrist, whom her parents had located as a referral. The
 psychiatrist treated her reported "flashbacks" by immediately
 placing her on a regimen of Stelazine, which quickly aggravated her
 condition. He also made comments to this individual which
 suggested that he had a foreknowledge of her situation, and that he
 was cooperating with U.S. Intelligence. On one occasion the
 psychiatrist intimated that our contact might be employable as an
 assassin; and he repeatedly urged her to move to Great Britain
 where, he said, she would be put in touch with an unidentified
 Member of Parliament.

 Interestingly, he had a tremendous computer system in his office
 suite, which he explained as being connected by modem. into a
 national level system which, in turn, connected.to private
 residences. When showing her this equipment, the psychiatrist
 informed our contact that she had been "CAT scanned," pointing out
 that she was the subject of a vast series of "A's" and "B's" being
 printed out by one of the many terminals at his disposal.

  Our contact also found out that this psychiatrist kept a military
• uniform in his closet which bore the rank and insignia of a three-
  star general.

 The individual ultimately sought psychiatric support elsewhere.
 Her new psychiatrist, formerly employed by DoD, immediately put her
 on a regimen of Haladol Decanoate, Klonopin and Benzatropine. The
 combined effect of these drugs was loss of memory and a state of
 mind which, under other circumstances, might be diagnosed as
 Depersonalization or Dissociative Disorder.. All three drugs proved
 to be highly addictive. Our contact, since severing contact which
 this psychiatrist as well, has finally successfully overcome the
 addiction.
 3s•


   Another individual — the one whose psychiatrist had informed her
   of her role in a "Pavlovian Experiment" — was subjected to
   attempted drugging by Trazodone, one of the strongest sedatives on
   the market. The psychiatrist in question kept no record of the
   individual's outpatient visits, nor of her Trazodone prescriptions.
   Being unaware that the individual was not adhering to his regimen,
- -the psychiatrist urged her rapidly to increase her dosage, renewing
   her 30-day prescription after a period of only I1 days.


httpil/www.webcom.com/—pinknoWcoidwarfmicrowave.html                          2/16/00
Microwaves and Mind Control                                              rage w or Ss
                                                                                         ;i


  Though aware of her heart condition, he failed to monitor her
  condition, dismissing her complaints of (electronically-induced)
  pains in her heart as inconsequential. Trazodone is know to
  aggravate heart conditions. Perhaps the intent was to have this
  individual succumb to a "heart attack" as the result of "imagined"
  government harassment. Neither the appropriate psychiatric society
  nor the FBI would touch this case.


  Another individual (a clear target of retaliation) sought medical
- assistance to counter sudden massive headaches and recurrent
  attacks of vomiting — effects which can Sc produced by infrasound.
  The physician to whom she was referred (an alleged specialist in
  Internal Medicine) placed her on a combination of Compazine and
  Xanax, prescribing dosages which the Physicians' Desk Reference
  warns against.

  Compazine, in addition to being an anti-emetic, is used iii the.
  treatment of psychotic disorders. It can also cause dyskinesia, an
  irreversible syndrome involving loss bfmotor control. Xanax is
  known to induce vomiting. Both drugs can lead to dependance and a
  worsening of the patient's condition. The effects ofall such
  drugs, in fact, can be mutated in high-energy fields, thus
  increasing the likelihood of advers&reactions.

  We have recently found that this prescribing "physician" is not
  licensed to practice medicine in the State of which she has been
  practicing since at least 1989.

• Our contact, being concerned about the long-term effects of Xanax
    and Compazine, consulted another physician in the same office. The
    physician immediately prescribed Prozac, failing to concurrently
  • recommend that her patient discontinue the Xanax and Compazine
    prescriptions. When our contact refused to take any psychotropic
    drugs, the doctor became upset and asked, "Don't you want get
    well?"

  This second physician is a licensed practitioner Internal'
  Medicine, with no background in Psychiatry. We also found that.she
• apparently refers her patients to yet a third physician in the
  office who claims to be a psychiatrist. She, too, is licensed to
• practice Internal Medicine, only. Her receptionist described this
  third physician as having a psychiatric "sub-specialty,"-... "as an
  internist." The receptionist also informed us that this internist .
  "is treating a number of psychiatric patients."

  On pursuing this further, we find that these physicians are in a
 httpi/www.webcom.com/—pinknoizlcoldwarfmicmwave.hml                           7116/00
Microwaves and Mind Control                                            rage zo or .»


 small "medicine group" which is not listed by spec alty in standard
 regional telephone directories. The group bears The same name as
 one of the CIA's most infamous recruited physicians (perhaps best
 described as "the MengeIe of MKULTRA").

 The doctor's offices are located in a bank building, which, we have
 found, is a favored hiding place for security-oriented business and
 government agencies. Two computer firms, co-located with an
 attorney who represents "Island Resort Development, Ltd.," are
 situated immediately beneath the doctors' offices. The prospect of
 fmding island resort developments within 500 miles of this
 attorney's office is limited.

 Our contact, being apprised of these findings, is seeking medical
 help elsewhere.
 s*s

 k two of our cases, urologist took it upon themselves to play the
 role of "psychiatrist"; i.e., they rendered psychiatric diagnoses
 and prescribed psychotropic drugs. One of these•urologist,
 employed by The Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN, prescribed Haldol,
 informing our contact that he perceived her to be "psychotic." His
 efforts at getting a Clinic psychiatrist to confirm this diagnosis
 were unsuccessful. The psychiatrist, apparently a rare, individual
 who subscribes to codes of medical ethics, found nothing wrong with
 this woman, even given the nature of her complaints. The
 urologist's response to this was to issue his own Haldol
 prescription. Sensing that something was amiss, the woman refused
 to have the prescription filled.
 at

 Yet another individual ended up in the hands of a psychiatrist who,
 as a purported means of ending the stress associated with her
 harassment, offered to put her under hypnosis: She described the
 hypnotic state as "equivalent to floating" and (based on her
 overall experiences with this physician) has not ruled out the
 possibility that drugs may have been surreptitiously administered.
 The psychiatrist claimed to be interested in psychic phenomena and
 demonstrated an apparently remarkable ability to read the
 individual's mind.

 While in her "hypnotic state, the individual felthice a sharp,
 painful pressure inside her nose, as if something were being shoved
 up her nostrils to the sinus cavities. She awoke to find blood
 pouring from her nostrils. The psychiatrist casually dismissed
 this as owing to a probable cold.


httpJ/www.webcom.com/pinlmoizlcoldwar/microwave.html                         2/16/00
Microwaves and Mind Control                                            Yage l! oI is


 Shortly after the experience, the individual began to heat loud
 tones in her head, followed in due coarse by auditory input. Brain
 scans have failed to yield evidence of an implant device. (We have,
 recommended that she undergo a scan by means of a suitably adapted
 non-linear junction detector, as a preliminary.) Suffice to say,
 this individual has severed contact with the psychiatrist and is
 continuing to cope with the ongoing overt electronic harassment by
 other non-medical means.

 * Use of medical implant devices.

 The situation just described is not our first encounter with the
 apparent use of medical implant devices in these harassment/mind-
 control cases. Another of our contacts began receiving auditory
 input roughly 15 years after she had a 4 mm. cochlear implants
 placed in her ears. The "voices" claimed 'to be affiliated with the
 CIA and, among other things, expressed intentions of running this
 woman as an agent in denied areas by "piggybacking" their audio'
 transmissions onto standard FM frequencies to avoid detection.

 We have been unable to locate the surgeon who implanted these
 devices, though we do have a copy of his operative reports. A
 recent CAT scan of this individual failed to disclose the presence
 of the cochlear implants.

 Several years ago, the individual (now a psychologist) applied for
 a position with the CIA. She was interviewed by four Langley-
 based, purported psychologist, who allegedly informed her that her
 job would involve the assessments of certain criminals for purposes
 of weighing their purposes for loyalty to this agency.

 During these interviews, she was told to read several books by such
 persons as Philip Agee, Stansfield Turner and Ralph McGehee, all of
 whom were unknown to her. The alleged psychologist claimed that
 these authors had described the CIA "as it really is." Our contact
 was not asked to execute a security affirmation statement
 acknowledging the classified nature of these proceedings.

 The unconventional manner of this interview process suggested that
 this individual was being toyed with, for reason which remain to be
 deternrined. She did not get the job and fact more recently lost
 her job with a state penitentiary. She was fired on the
 recommendation of the prison's psychiatrist, because other
 insistence that she is receiving auditory input from the CIA.
 personnel who persist in feeding her classified information.

 Interestingly, though this individual was. deemed unfit to function
 as a psychologist in the penitentiary system, the State rehired
httpi/www.webcom.com/pinknoWcoldwar/microwavejdnil                           2/16/00
Microwaves ana Mma control                                             rage za or 33


 her, assigning her to a mental health facility where, apparently,
 she is to develop a behavioral modification program for retarded
 adults with a diagnosed mental illness.

 This individual claimed to be receiving and responding to
 externally-induced auditory "advice" while working with prison
 inmates. It may be presumed that the process will continue. Under
 the circumstances, we have to wonder if this case qualifies as a
 benchmark in mind-control experimentation; i.e., employment of a
 mind-controlled psychologist to run the equivalent of mind-control
 experiments on mentally-ill retarded adults. We will continue to
 monitorthis situation.


 The individual we previously identified as having challenged a
 local power company also appears to have ben "tagged" by some type
 of implant device. During a recent symposium, she was approached
 by a man whose business card identifies him as "Program Manager,
 Electromagnetic Radiation Division," DoE. His approach was
 suitably sympathetic. Our contact ultimately accepted this man's
 invitation to continue discussing their common ranges of interest
 in his hotel room. During this meeting, she accepted the offer of
 a drink, blacked out after consuming it, and woke, four. hours
 later, still in this man's hotel room, to find that the back of her
 ear had been punctured and was bleeding. There was no evidence of
 sexual assault. The man glibly evaded .this woman's request for an
 explanation. She has since found two adjacent puncture marks
 behind her ear, which are not healing,properly, and between which
 she can feel the presence of a "wire" measuring approximately 1/3"
 in length. We are pursuing this further.

 The said DoE Project Manager has more recently initiated contact
 with yet another activist in touch with.this Association. HisBall
 was unsolicited. lie apparently wanted to know to. know:if this
 woman would be attending an upcoming conference. We have warned
 the individual to avoid any form of private meeting with the.said
 Project Manager.


 To date, we are aware of three cases involving clandestine behavior
 on the part of alleged DoE employees. The CIA figures prominently
 (if peculiarly) in the majority of the other cases. Two of those
 have been discussed above.

 I another, also involving auditory input, the individual is certain
 that the current Director of Central Intelligence (DCI)
 participated in the "voice transmission" process on at least one
httpi/www.webcom.coni/—pinknoiz(coldwarlmicrowave.html                       2/16/00
mrcrowaves ana ivtma control                                            rage iy or ss


 occasion. She claims to have recognized his voice. When she
 commented aloud on the DCPs perceived involvement in this
 experimentation, the "voice" responded with studdered and stammered
 denials. We are told that this particular ".voice" has not been
 heard from since.
 ***

 In yet another case involving auditory input, the individual has
 allegedly been informed by her "voices" that the technologies being
 used against her were stolen from the CIA by a maverick employee,
 whose group' is not targeting her from distance of 2000 miles.
 She reported this to the DCI's office and was allegedly informed by
 the Deputy DCI that she will be awarded millions of dollars if she
 can produce the equipment and any of the personnel involved in her
 harassment.

 One usually-candid CIA spokesman•also allegedly informed this
 individual that, "while the CIA does not deny having this
 equipment," they "do not use it in this country." Perhaps this
 explains why a number of our contacts have also been electronically
 harassed while traveling overseas.

• This woman has also been repeatedly assured by CIA DDS (security)
  personnel of the Agency's sincere concern for her welfare. During
  a recent telephone conversation with that Office, we confirmed that
  she is indeed known to the CIA. Based on this, we asked that the
  Agency "put its money where its mouth is," so to speak, by
  conducting a long-term electronic sweep of this individual's
  premises. That was two months ago. No sweep has been conducted,
  though CIA spokesmen continue to "sympathize" with her predicament.


 Another individual, a target of harassment and experimentation
 since 1952 (apparently singled out because of his student activism
 while at Penn State University) began hearing "voices" after having
 most of his teeth capped. He has been more recently been informed
 by his "handlers" that implanted devices are no longer used for
 purposes of inducing auditory input. No explanation was offered:
 He was quite visibly surprised when informed by this investigator
 that auditory input can be achieved solely by means of pulsed
 microwave audiograms (discussed in Part I of this report).

 The individual's "handlers" allegedly have also stated that their
 experiments on U.S. citizens are in pursuit of a variety of
 objectives; viz.,
 (1) develop an effective means for creating a perfect,
 "robotized" soldier,
httjxl/w   .webcóm.com/—pinkntcoldwar/microwaveLhtml                          2/16/00
1YLliluwaY'   alit! bmna   wnuus


                                                                                   e


 (2) alter individual sexual performances, such as by turning
 heterosexuals into homosexuals (they allegedly claim to
 be having "difficulties" reversing the process): and

 (3) enhance and destroy levels of academic achievement, at
 will, such as by degrading the performance of otherwise
 brilliant students, and by drastically improving the
 performance of poor students.

 Given the technology at the government's disposal and a
 predisposition of the part of certain governmental agencies to
 "play God" in experimental fashion with citizens' lives, these.
 purported projects do not come across as being totally far-fetched.

 ass

 Another case involves a woman whose experiences suggest.that she,
 too, is an MKULTRA experimentee being kept on the books, so to
 speak. The woman, apparently a "pet" experimentee, found herself
 being introduced to a wide array of prominent individuals whose
 connections with the CIA she believed to be quite apparent. One of
 those she states, was Robert Jay Lifton, a well-known author and
 expert on brainwashing, whose books include "The Nazi Doctors:
 Medical Killing and the Psychology of Genocide" (Basic Books,
 1986).

  Her experiences included a voluntary ("referral") admission to
  Hollywood Hospital, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, in 1973,
  during an era when MKULTRA experiments at the Alan Memorial
  Institute, McGill University, Montreal, Canada; were only beginning
  to capture the attention of the U.S. Senate.(8)

  More recently, in 1990, she was transported to New York
  University's Cameron Medical Center, in Westchester, NY (under
  circumstance which qualify as an abduction), where she.was forcibly,
  wrestled to the ground by approximately         Center staffers and:
  forcibly confined for a period of approximately three weeks. She
  was neither psychiatrically counseled nor formally tested while in
  that facility. The psychiatrists assigned. to her case appeared.
  more intent on forcing her to take a combination of neuroleptic
  drugs, to include Haldol, Navane, and Cogentin. (Haldol and Navane
  can cause tardive dyskinesia.) She resisted those attempts:

  A court ultimately ordered this woman released from the Center,
  stipulating that she was not to be administered drugs. On
  subsequently acquiring her medical records, under conditions which
  prevented censoring or doctoring those records, she found that her
  psychiatrists had planned to inject her with drugs (in defiance of
httpi/www.webcom.com/pinknoiz/coldwar/microwavehtml                      2/16/00
. Microwaves and Mind Control                                            rage ii 01:55


   the court order) on the day of her release. As luck would have it,
   she was released a day early.

   The woman states that she has met Budd Hopkins, of the Intruders
   Foundation, and that she had a long-term, confiding relationship
   with John E. Mack, Professor of Psychiatry, Harvard Medical School,
   and the founding Du cdor of the Center for Psychological Studies
   in the Nuclear Age (previously named, Research Program for the
   Study of Human Continuity; and, still.previously; rumored to have
   cooperated with the CIA in studies of "human ecology").

   At one point their ielatioriship, ProfessorMack apparently
   accompanied this woman to a "support group" meeting of UFO
   abductees, who, she observed bemusedly, "spent their time comparing
   [exiraterrestrially] implanted devices." Professor Mack is on
   record as promoting the perception that UFO    abductions.are
   legitimate.(9)

   We frankly doubt that extraterrestrials who have a means to commute
   intergalactically would stoop to implanting comparatively devices
   in human beings. However, should it be proved that the
   psychiatrist, surgeon and DoE Project Manager above are
   extraterrestrials posing humans, we will be happy to weigh that
   information. If it is similarly established to the vehicular
   "abduction" of the woman discussed above was the work ofan
   extraterrestrial named Kaplan, who was posing as a human with
   Cornell Medical Center connections, we will be.happy to ponder that
   as well.

   In the meantime, it would seem reasonable that the govenmment.would
   want the public to believe that extraterrestrial.visitations are on
   the upswing. Mind-altering drugs, externally-induced auditory
   input, holographic projections (also a DoD capability),(10)
   appropriately focused directed-energy targeting, device
   implantations, special effects and abductions are all within this
   government's capabilities and can be used for purposes of creating
   illusions of UFO experiences. Persons not cognizant of this might
                                  UFO
   be more inclined to fall for the      mythologies now being
   officially "legitimized."


    Other cases, possibly involving U.S. Navy Intelligence, NSA, the -
    Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) and, peripherally, members of the.
  • former Soviet Bloc intelligence services.will be discussed in
    further reports.


 httpi/www.webeom.comt—pinhioizlcoidwar/microwavejitrnl                       2/16/00
Microwaves and Mind Control                                            rage 3201 33   •
                                                                                          a. .


 HARASSMENT OBJECTIVES

 In his book, Psychiatry and the CIA: Victims of Mind Control, Dr.
 Harvey Weinstein quotes the following passage from a book entitled,
 A battle for the Mind: A Physiology in Conversion and
 Brainwashing, by William Sergeant (Greenwood Press, Westport, CT,
 1957):

 "By ineieasing the prolong stress iii various ways, or inducing
 physical debilitation, a more thorough alteration of the person's
 thinking process may be achieved. ..if the stress or physical
 debilitation, or both, are carved one stage further, it may happen
 that patterns of thought and behavior, especiallythose of recent
 acquisition, become disrupted. New patterns can then be
 substituted, or suppressed patterns allowed to reassert themselves;
 or the subject might begin to think or act in ways precisely
 contradict his former ones.

 "'...If a complete sudden collapse can be produced by prolonging or
 intensifying emotional stress, the cortical slate may be wiped
 clean temporarily of its more recently implanted patterns of
 behavior, perhaps allowing others to be substituted more easily"

 Dr. Weinstein then comments: "The parallel with [Dr. Ewen]
 Cameron's theory of differential amnesia is striking, and the
 relationship to brainwashing is abundantly clear."(11) Dr.
 Cameron, employed by McGill University's Allan Memorial Institute
 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, between 1943 and 1964, conducted
 brainwashing experiments upon select, non-volunteer psychiatrie
 patients on behalf of the CIA. Dr. Weinstein's father was:one of
 Cameron's victims.

 Sergeant's theorems and Cameron's associated experimental findings
 appear to be the driving force behind the harassment and
 experimentation now being reported to thisAssociation. All of
 these individuals are being subjected to a series of overlapping
 circumstances which apparently are meant to induce and sustain
            extremes of stress. All of these individuals have been
 effectively isolated Unethical psychiatrists and physicians are
 involved in the majority of these cases. Mind-altering
 prescription drugs are being used for clearly non-therapeutic
 purposes. Evidence of LSD use is also beginning to surface (one of
 Cameron's favored mind-altering substances). And "psychic driving"
 techniques — Cameron's pet brainwashing method — are involved in
 all these cases, to a much greater and mote potentially effective
 degree where auditory input is involved.

httpihv3 Rv.webco tcom!pinknoizlcoldwaarlmiemwave3rtml                      2/16!00
Microwaves and Mind Control                                         rage 33 of 33


 The long-term objectives of these harassment and experimentation
 campaigns appear to be quite fundamental; viz.,

 (1) induce a sense of perverted "loyalty" toward the very
 agencies engaged in the individual's harassment, to
 confuse his or her priorities where the possibility of
 obtaining legal redress might be concerned;

 (2) redirect the targeted individual's feelings of
 hopelessness, anger and frustration toward racial and
 ethnic groups, and toward select, prominent political
 figures, to include the President of the United States;
 and

 (3) force the individual to commit an act of violence,
 whether suicide or murder, under conditions which he can
 be plausibly denied by the government.

 An operation's ultimate success apparently hangs on this latter
 objective. We have successfully obstructed this process in a
 number of cases now being investigated.


hUjxF/vww.webcom.com/-4ñhknoi7Jcoldwar/microwaveJItinl                    2/16/00
how The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harasses Law-Abiding Americans Every::. Page 1 of 44


How The National Security Agency (NSA) Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harasses Law-Abiding
Americans Everyday. How, you ask? Quite simply, actually. It's done by EMF or ELF Radio Waves,
and a technology known as "Remote Neural Monitoring". Haven't you ever wondered about that nnging
in your left ear? Well, here are the reason(s). And just why should the NSA..do this, you ask? To silence
any who who dare to speak out against them or any other agency, or the Government or simply to think
for themselves, and "outside the box", if you will. Think not? Then, read on..........


      How The NSA Harasses Thousands Of
      Abiding Americans Daily By The Usage Of
         Remote Neural. Monitoring (RNM)
                                 John St. Clair Akwei
                                          vs.
                               NSA, Ft. Meade, MD, USA
                    'B

                         r:;
 Table of Contents

  Cover Page
 NSA Mission & Operations

      Communications Intelligence
      Signals Intelligence
      Domestic Intelligence
      Independently Operating Personnel Target Citizens

 NSA's Domestic Electronic Surveillance Network

      Signals Intelligence Remote Computer Tampering
      Detecting EMF Fields in Humans for Surveillance. ..

 NSA Signals Intelligence Use of EMF Brain Stimulation
 Capabilities of NSA operatives using RNM
 NSA Signals Intelligence Electronic Brain Link Technology

       Table: An example of EMF Brain Stimulation

 NSA Techniques and Resources

      Remote RNM Devices
      Spotters and Walk-Bys in Metropolitan Areas
      Chemicals and Drugs
      Intelligence/Anti-Terrorist Equipment

 http://www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214.html                                                           1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Every... Page 2 of$4 • .
                                                                                                           t


Resources

      Further Resources


Cover Page

Evidence for the Lawsuit filed at the US courthouse in Washington, D.C.
(Civil Action 92-0449)

John St.Clair Akwei vs. NSA Ft.George G.Meade; MD

My knowledge of the National Security Agency's structure, national security activities, proprietary
technology,and covert operations to monitor individual citizens.

Table of Contents


The NSA's mission and the NSA's domestic Intelligence
operation.


Communications Intelligence (COMINT)


      Blanket coverage of all electronic communication in the U.S. and the world to ensure national
      security. The NSA at Ft. Meade. Maryland has had the most advanced computers in the world
      since the early 1960's. NSA technology is developed and implemented secret from private
      corporations, academia, and the general public.


Signals Intelligence (SIGINT)


      The Signals Intelligence mission of the NSA has evolved into a program of decoding EMF waves
      in the environment for wirelessly tapping into computers and tracking persons with the electrical
      currents in their bodies. Signals Intelligence is based on the fact that everythingin the
      environment with an electric current in it has a magnetic flux around it which gives off EMF
      waves. The NSA/DoD has developed proprietary advanced digital equipment which_ can remotely
      analyze all objects whether man-made or organic that have electrical activity.'


http://www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214.html                                                           1/23/2002
''How The NSA Illegally And UnconstitutionalIy.Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Every... Page 3 of 44


Domestic Intelligence (DOMINT)

                                          I
      The NSA has records on all U.S. citizens. The NSA gathers information on U.S. citizens who
      might be of interest to any of the over 50,000 NSA agents (HUMINT). These agents are
      authorized by executive order to spy on anyone: The NSA has a permanent National Security
      Anti-Terrorist surveillance network in place. This surveillance network is completely disguised
      and hidden from the public.

Tracking individuals in the U.S. is easily and cost-effectively implemented with the NSA's electronic
surveillance network. This network (DOMINT) covers the entire U.S., involves tens of thousands of
NSA personnel, and tracks millions of persons simultaneously. Cost effective implementation of
operations is assured by NSA computer technology designed to minimize operations costs.

NSA personnel serve in Quasi-public positions in their communities and run cover businesses and
legitimate businesses that can inform the intelligence community of persons they wouidwant to track.
N.S.A.Fersonnel in the community usually have cover identities such as social workers, lawyers and
business owners.

Individual citizens.occasionally targeted for surveillance
by independently operating NSA personnel.


      NSA personnel can control the lives of hundreds of thousands of individuals in the U.S. by u' sing
      the NSA's domestic intelligence network and cover businesses. The operations independently run
      by them can sometimes go beyond the bounds of law. Lons-term control and sabotage of tens of
      thousands of unwitting citizens by NSA operatives is likely to happen: NSA Domint has the
      ability to covertly assassinate U.S. citizens or run covert psychological control operations to cause
      subjects to be diagnosed with ill mental health.

Table of Contents


NSA's domestic electronic surveillance network


As of the early 1960's the most advanced computers in the world were at the NSA, Ft. Meade. Research
breakthroughs with these computers were kept for the NSA. At the present time the NSAhas
nanotechnology computers that are 15 years ahead of present computer technology.
                                          u
The NSA obtains blanket coverage of information in the U.S. by using advanced computers that use
artificial intelligence to screen all communications, irregardless of medium, for key words that should be
brought to the attention of NSA agents/cryptologists. These computers monitor all communications at
the transmitting and receiving ends. This,blanket coverage of the U.S. is a result of the NSA's Signals
                                           I
http://www.iahf.com/nsa/200l02l4.html                                                            I/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Every... Page 4 of 44' .
                                                                                                             i.


Intelligence (SIGINT) mission.

The NSA's electronic surveillance network is based on a cellular arrangement of devices that can
monitor the entire EMF spectrum. This equipment was developed, implemented, and kept secret in the
same.manner as other electronic warfare.programs.

With this technology NSA personnel cannon-obtrusively tap into any communication device in
existence. This includes cornrnuters, telephones, radio andvideo-based devices, printers; car electronics,
an even the minute electrical jelds in humans [for tracking individuals).

Signals Intelligence Remote Computer Tampering


The NSA keeps track of all PCs and other computers sold in the U.S. This is an integral part of the
Domestic Intelligence network.

The NSA's EMF equipment can tune in RF emissions from personal computer circuit boards (while
filtering out emissions from monitors and power supplies). The RF emission from PC circuit-boards
contains digital information in the PC. Coded RF waves from the NSA's equipment can resonate PC
circuits and change data in the PC's. Thus the NSA can gain wireless. modem-style entry into any
computer in the country for surveillance or anti-terrorist electronic warfare.

Radio and Television signals can be substituted at the receiving end with special EMF equipment.
Replacing signals in Radios and Televisions is another outgrowth of the NSA's Signals Intelligence
(SIGINT) mission.

Detecting EMF Fields in Humans for Surveillance.


A subject's bioelectric field can be remotely detected, so subjects can be monitored anywhere they are.
With special EMF equipment NSA cryptologists can remotely read evoked potentials (from EEGs).
These can be decoded into a person's brain-states and thoughts. The subject is then perfectly monitored
from a distance.

NSA personnel can dial up any individual in the country on the Signals Intelligence EMF scannini
network and the NSA's computers will then pinpoint and track that person 24 hours-a-day. The NSA can
pick out and track anyone in the U.S.

Table of'Contents


NSA Signals Intelligence Use of EMF Brain Stimulation


http://www_iah£com/nsa/20010214.html                                                             1/23/2002
     How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harnses Law-Abiding Americans Every... Page 5 of 44


     NSA Signals Intelligence uses EMF Brain Stimulation for Remote Neural Monitoring (RNM) and
     Electronic Brain Link (EBL). EMF Brain Stimulation has been in development since the MKU1tra
     program of the early 1950's, which included neurological research into "radiation" (non-ionizing EMF)
     and bioelectric research and development. The resulting secret technology is categorized at . e National
     Security Archives as "Radiation Intelligence," defined as "infoimationfrom unintentionally emanated
     electromagnetic waves in the environment, not including radioactivity or nuclear detonation."

     Signals Intelligence implemented and kept this technology secret in the same manner as other electronic
     warfare programs of the U.S. government. The NSA monitors available information about this
     technology and withholds scientific research from the public. There are also international intelligence
     agency agreements to keep this technology secret.

      The NSA has proprietary.electronic equipment that analyzes electrical activity in humans from a
      distance. NSA computer-generated brain mapping can continuously monitor all the electrical activity. in
    ,.die brain continuously. The NSA records aid decodes individual,brain maps (of hundreds of thousands-
      of persons) for national security purposes. EMF Brain Stimulation is also secretly used by   military
      for Brain-to-computer link. (In military fighter aircraft, for example.)

     For electronic surveillance.purposes electrical activity in the speech center ofthe brain can be translated
     into the subject's verbal thoughts: RNM'can send encoded signals to the brain's auditory cortex thus
     allowing audio communication direct to.the brain (bypassing the ears). NSA operatives can use this to
     covertly debilitate subjects by simulating.auditory hallucinations characteristic of paranoid
     schizophienia.

     Without any contact with the subject, Remote Neural Monitoring sari map out electrical activity from
     the visual cortex ofa subject's brain and show images from the subject's brain on a video monitor..NSA
     operatives see what the surveillance subject's eyes are seeing: Visual memory can also be.seen: RNM '
J    can send images direct to the visual cortex. bypassing. the eyes and optic. nerves. NSA operatives can use
     this to surreptitiously put images in a surveillance subject's brain while they are in REM. sleep for
     brain-programming purposes.

     Table of Contents


     Capabilities of'NSA operatives using RNM


     There has been a Signals Intelligence network in the U.S. sincethe 1940's. The NSA, Ft. Meade has in
     place a vast two-way wireless RNM system. which is used to track subjects and non-invasively monitor
     audio-visual information in their brain. This is all done with no physical contact with the subject. RNM
     is the ultimate method of surveillance and domestic intelligence.. Speech and 3D sound, and subliminal
     audio can be sent to the auditory cortex of the subject's brain (bypassing the ears) and images can be sent
     into the visual cortex. RNM can alter subject's perceptions, moods, and motor control.

     Speech cortex/auditory cortex link has become the ultimate communications system for the intelligence
     community. RNM allows for a complete audio-visual brain-to-brain link or brain-to-computer link. '

     Table of Contents

     http://www.iah£com/nsa/20010214.html                                                             1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Every... Page 6 of 44. .


National Security Agency Signals Intelligence
Electronic Brain Link Technology


NSA Siglnt can remotely detect, identify and monitor a person's bioelectric fields.

The NSA's Signals Intelligence has the proprietary ability to remotely and non-invasively monitor
information in the human brain by digitally decoding the evoked_ potentials in the 30-50 hz, .5 milliwa
electro-magnetic emissions from the brain.

Neuronal activity in the brain creates a shifting electrical pattern that has a shifting magnetic flux. This
magnetic flux puts out a constant 30-50 hz, .5 milliwatt electromagnetic (EMF) wave. Contained in the
electromagnetic emission from the brain are spikes and patterns called "evoked potentials."

Every thought, reaction, motor command, auditory event, and visual image in the brain has a
corresponding "evoked potential" or set of "evoked potentials." The EMF emission from theirain can
be decoded into the current thoughts, images and sounds in the subject's brain.

NSA Siglnt uses EMF-transmitted'Brain Stimulation as a communications system to transmit
information (as well as nervous system messages) to intelligence agents and also to transmit to the.. "
brains of covert operations subjects (on anon-perceptible level): '

EMF Brain Stimulation works by sending a complexly coded and pulsed electromagnetic signal to
trigger evoked potentials (events) in the brain, thereby forming sound and visual images in the brain's
neural circuits. EMF Brain Stimulation can also change a person's brain-states and affect motor control.

Two-way Electronic Brain-Link is done by remotely monitoring neural audio-visual information while
transmitting sound to the auditory cortex (bypassing the ears) and transmitting faint images to the visual
cortex (bypassing the optic nerves and eyes, the images appear as floating-2-D screens in the brain):

Two-Way Electronic Brain Link has become the ultimate communications system for CIA/NSA
personnel. Remote Neural Monitoring (.RNM, remotely monitoring bioelectric information in the human
brain) has become the ultimate surveillance system. It is used-by alimited number of agents in the U.S.
Intelligence Community.

RNM.requires decodinfl the resonance frequency of each specific brain area. That frequency is then
modulated in order to impose information in That specific brain area. The frequency to which the
various brain areas respond varies from 3 Hz to 50 Hz. Only NSA Signals Intelligence modulates signals
in this frequency band.

An example of EMF Brain Stimulation:


           II                         II             II                                          Ii
http://www.iahf"com/nsa/20010214.html                                                                 1/23/2002
"How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Every... Page 7 of 44


                                       Bioelectric
                                                               Information Induced
                    Brain Area
                                       Resonance               Through Modulation
                                       Frequency

             Motor Control Cortex         10 HZ       Motor Impulse Co-otdination

             Auditory Cortex              15 HZ       Sound which bypasses the ears

             Visual Cortex                25 HZ       Images in the brain, bypassing the eyes

             Somatosensory Cortex        ,09 HZ       Phantom Touch Sense

             Thought Center               20 HZ       Imposed Subconscious Thoughts


This modulated information can be put into the brain at varying intensities from subliminal to
perceptible.

Each person's brain has a unique set of bioelectric resonance/entrainment frequencies. Sending audio
rntormauon to a person's brain at the frequency of another person's auditory cortex would-result in that
audio. information not being perceived.

The Plaintiff learned of RNM by being in two-way RNM contact with the.Kinnecome group=at the NSA,
Ft. Meade. They used RNM 3D sound direct to the brain to harass the Plaintiff from 10/90 to 5/91. As oT
5/91 they have had two-way RNM communications with the Plaintiff and have used RNM to attempt to
incapacitate the Plaintiff and hinder the Plaintiff from going to authorities about their activities against
the Plaintiff in the last twelve years.

The Kinnecome group has about 100 persons working 24-hours-a-day at ft Meade. They have also
brain-tapped persons the Plaintiff is contact with to keep the Plaintiffisolated. This is the first time
ever that a private citizen has been harassed with RNM and has been able to bring a lawsuit against NSA
personnel misusing this intelligence operations method.

Table of Contents


NSA Techniques and Resources


Remote monitoring/tracking of individuals in any location, inside any building continuously,, anywhere
in the country.

A system for inexpensive implementation of these operations allows for thousands of persons in every

http://www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214.htm1                                                             1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And UnconstitutionallyHarrases Law-Abiding Americans livery... Page 8 01 44


community to be spied on constantly by the NSA.

Remote RNM Devices


      a) NSA's RNM equipment remotely reads the evoked potentials (EEGs) of the human brain for
      tracking individuals and can send messages through the nervous system to affect their
      performance.

      b) [Infomiation missing from original]

      c) RNM can electronically identify individuals and track themanywhere in the U.S:This
      equipment is on a network and used for domestic intelligence operations, government security,
      and military base security, and in case of bioelectric warfare.


Spotters and Walk-Bys in Metropolitan Areas


      a) Tens of thousands of persons in each area working ass otters and neighborhood/business place
      spies (sometimes unwittingly) following and checking on subjects who have been identified for
      covert control by NSA personnel.

      b) Agents working out of offices can be in constant communication with Spotters who are keeping
      track of the NSA's thousands of subjects in public.

      c) NSA Agents in remote offices can.instantly identify (using RNM) any individual spotted in
      public whom is in. contact with surveillance"subject.


Chemicals and Drugs into Residential Buildings with
hidden NSA-Installed and maintained plastic plumbing lines.


 ,/   a) The NSA has kits for running lines into residential tap watei and air ducts of subjects for the
      delivery of drugs (such as sleeping gas or brainwashing aiding drugs). This is an'outgrowth of
      CIA pharmapsychology.


Brief Overview of Proprietary U.S.
Intelligence/Anti-Terrorist Equipment Mentioned.


      Fixed network of special EMF equipment that can read EEGs in human brains and identify/track
      individuals by using digital computers. ESB (Electrical Stimulation to the Brain) via EMF signal j7
      from the NSA Signals Intelligence is used to control subjects.

      EMF equipment that gathers information from PC circuit boards by deciphering RF emissions
      thereby gaining wireless modem-style entry into any personal computer in the country_

 http://www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214.html                                                            1/23/2002
nHow The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Every... Page 9 of 44


      All equipment hidden, all technology secret, all scientific research unreported (as in electronic
      warfare research).

      Not known to the public at all, yet,complete and thorough implementation of this method of
      domestic intelligence has been in place since the early 1980's.

Table of Contents


Resources


These publications have only been discovered since December- 1991, after Plaintiff had already notified
authorities (Dept. of Justice, etc.) of Public Comiption by named NSA employees. When no action was
taken against the NSA employees Lresearched the Intelligence.Community electronic surveillance
technology involved and discovered the following publications: The Body Electric

      Electromagnetism and the Foundntion of Life, by Robert Becker, M.D.
      p. 265/313/318. Monitoringeuroelecnic information the brain. E-M wave E.S.B.

Cross Currents, by Robert Becker, M.D.

      p. 70, p. 78, p. 105/210/216/220/242/299/303 EM ESB_ Simulating auditory hallucinations. p.
      274, "Remote computer tampering using the RF emissions from the logic board."

Currents of Death by Paul Brodeur

      p. 27/93. Driving brain electrical activity with external E-M, Magnetophosphenes, Delgado.

The Zapping of America by Paul Brodeur

      DoD E-M ESB, Research, simulating auditory hallucinations.

Of Mice, Men and Molecules, by John H. Heller_ 1963.

      p. 110, Bioelectricity. probing the brain with E-M waves.

The 3-Pound Universe, by Judith Hooper

      p. 29/132/137. CIA EEG research:1 F.FG's for surveillance.
                                         t
In the Palaces or Memory, by George Johnson

      E-M emissions from the brainthe brain as an open electromagnetic circuit.

http://www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214.htm1                                                             1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve.... Page 10 of 44-.


The Puzzle Palace, by James Bamford

     Signals intelligence, most advanced computers in the early Sixties

The U.S. Intelligence Community - Glossary terms at National Security Archives:

     Radiation intelligence - information from unintentionally emanated electromagnetic energy,
     excluding radioactive sources.

The Search for the "Manchurian Candidate," by John Marks

      p. 327. Electrical or radio stimulation to the brain, CIA R&D in bioelectrics.

Secret Agenda, by Jim Hougan

     National Security cult groups.

Crines of the Intelligence Commununity. by Morton Halperin

      Surreptitious entries; intelligence agents running operations against government workers

War in the Age of Intelligent Machines

      NSA computer supremacy, complete control of information

Alternate Computers, by Time-Life Books

      Molecule Computers

The Mind, by Richard Restak, M.D.

      p. 258, EEG Systems Inc., decoding brain E-M emanations, tracking thoughts on a computer.

MedTech, by Lawrence Gallon

      Triggering events in the brain" direct to auditory cortex signals.

Cyborg, by D.S. Halacy, Jr (1965)

      Brain-to-computer link research contracts given out by the U.S_ Govemment

Psychiatry and the C.I.A.: Victims of Mind Control by Harvey M. Weinstein. M.D.

      Dr. Cameron, psychic driving. ultraconceptual communications.

Journey Into Madness: The True Story of Secret CIA Mind Control and Medical Abuse, by Gordon
Thomas

      p. 127/276/116, 168-69. Intelligence R & D: Delgado. Psychic driving with radio telemetry.

http://www.iahf com/nsa/20010214.htm1                                                            1/23/2002
'±1ow The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abidmg Americans Eve... Page 1I 0144


Mind Manipulators, by Alan Scheflin and Edward M. Opton

      MKULTRA brain research for information gathering

The Brain Changers, by Maya Pines.

       p. 19. Listening to brain E-M emissions.


Table of Contents


 Further Resources


These publications have only been discovered since December 1991, after Plaintiff had already notified
authorities (Dept. of Justice, etc.) of Public Corruption by named NSA employees. When no action was
taken against the NSA employees I researched the Intelligence Community electronic surveillance
technology involved and discovered thefollowing publications:
   Modem Bielectricity

       Inducing audio in the brain with a-m waves, DoD cover-up, E-M wave ESB. Remote FFGs.

 Magnetic Stimulation in Clinical Neuropsysiology by Sudhansu Chokroverty

       Magneto-Phosphenes. Images direct to the visual cortex.

 The Mind of Man by Nigel Calder

       U.S. Intelligence brain research

 Neuroelectric Society Conference -1971

       Audio direct to the brain with a-m waves, two waf remote F.FG.

 Brain Control by Elliot S. Valenstein

       ESB control of individuals

 Towards Century 21 by C.S. Wallia

       p.21. Brain Stimulation for direct to brain communication.

 Mind Wars by Ron McRae, associate of Jack Anderson

       p 62/106/136. Research into brain-tebrain electronic communications, remote neural a-m
       detection.

 http:/Jwww.iahf.conilnsaJ200lo2l4.html                                                    . I/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And UnconstituUonally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 120144 g .


Mind Tools by Rudy Rucker

     Brain tapping, communication with varying biomagnetic fields. p. 82

U.S. News and World Report 1/2/84

      p. 88. a-m wave brain stimulation. Intelligence community high tech_

Far Magazine article on extremely low frequency radio emissions in the natural environment, radio
emissions from the human body.
City Paper article on FCC and NSA "complete radio spectrum" listening posts. 1/17/92.
Frontiers in Science -1958 -by Edward Hutchings, Jr.

      p.48

Beyond Biofeedback - 1977- by Elmer and Alyce Green

      p. 118

The Body Quantum by Fred Alan Wolf
Cloning- A Biologist Reports by Robert Gilmore McKinnell

      Ethical review of cloning humans.

Hoover's FBI by former agent William Turner

      p.280. Routines of electronic surveillance work.

July 20, 2019 by Arthur C. Clarke

      Lida, Neurophonics, Brain/Computer Link

MegaBrain by Michael Hutchison

      p. 107/108/117/120/123. Brain stimulation with a-m waves. CIA research and information control.

The Cult of Information by Theodore Rosnak - 1986

      NSA Directive #145. Personal Files in Computers. Computer automated telephone tapping

The Body Shop

      1968 implantation of an electrode array on the visual cortex for video direct to the brain and other
      1960s research into electronically triggering phosphenes in the brain, thus bypassing the eyes.

Evoked Potentials by David Regan

      Decoding neuroelectric information-in the brain


http://www.iahfcom/nsat20010214.html                                                            1/23/2002
allow The NSA illegally And Unconstitutionally Hanases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 13 of 44
                                                                                                              4


      Conversations With Research Scientist Initiates: Brain and
      Technology Update
      01995-1997 Leading Edge International Research Group
      Day One of the Meeting - Part 2 and Day Two
      Dr D: Ladies and gentlemen, I'trust you are all fulfilled now, and since I have been "interrogated"
      repeatedly by many of our distinguished guests, I hereby make the official announcement that
      Chicago-style pizza and beer will be served on Friday night on ly. We don't want any casualties
      before our important Solstice events (boos and multi-lingual insults). Quiet please! Quiet! I need
      to make an important announcement. At lunch one of our American researchers informed us that
      the AMA and FDA are secretly preparing a campaign to target any unorthodox method of                I
      diagnosis, such as alternative medicine, kinesiology/muscle testing and radionics _even by
      licensed chiropractois, etc. Also, all devices using light, sound or EM frequencies in any way thai
      alter brainwayes will be declared illegal.lThis includes all subliminal music, hypnosis ineditaff n
      tapes andself-help modalities. You should know that ahead oftime, because they have
      sophisticated electronic technology to detect where, howand who is using the se devices, and
      possibly raid them or confiscate them. Be aware and know about it now.

      Ms.Dr_ C'. Will they alsobe targeting private individuals using brainwave altering props°
      techniques, etc?

      Dr D: You want to answer that question, Dr_ F?

      National Security Agency Brainwave Targeting Technology
      Dr F: Ok, I will: You see, it is not really the AMA and FDA alliance behind this last outrageous
      plan, but this comes. straight from the National Reconnaissance.Organization (NRO),. the National
      Security Agency (NSA) and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) headquarters, and it is linked
      to satellite elecfronic surveillance arotocols.23 Anyone in a state of profound, self-induced trance
      or altered state of consciousness will not respond to their own subliminal programming and mind
      control protocols.4 That constitutes"loss of control", and that they cannot to erate. d, since, per
      New Age fads, most people rely on external devices6 to attain altered states of consciousness,
      then the logical thing to do is eliminate these devices from the market completely .7 On the other
      hand, individuals using drugs to attain altered'states of consciousness are literally "sitting ducks"
      for immediate control8, because their brains have already been chemically prepared with special
      "additives" introduced on all drugs9 by t he very process of "refining" these drugs for public
      consumption world wide. This was the very basis of the earlier MKULTRA project, using drugs.
      Later, this became refined to MKDELTA, Delta here meaning sleep brainwave cycle and, finally,
      the electronic protocols of todaylo, including Woodpecker, Bunsaw, videodromel l and "holy
      signals". This last one is also secretly coded "Holy. See" Project. Itinvolves the use of holograms
      to create visions of Angels, Light Beings, etc. The research of ONR (Office of Naval Research)
      researcher Qr. Eldon Byrd describes the process behind this project.

      Dr. D: Thank you for a very informative answer, Dr. F. And now, here is Mrs. Dr. L to continue
      her talk. (applause)

       Mrs.Dr.L: Thank you, Dr_ D andDr. F for such vital information. That also affects Chinese
       practice, because the diagnosticmethod using the three pulses has always been regarded by the
       AMA as "highly suspect of quackery"_ Also, I may add that my reseatc h has proven absolutely

 http:I/www.iahf.com/nsa/2001021 4.html                                                          1/23/2002
How TheNSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 14 of 44
                                                                                              •               ray

     with the Mega Arkons and Dr. N have been emphatically telling is - that profound states of altered
     consciousness that are self-induced by the techniques taught to us in the Order, and also
     transcendental meditation, Zen meditation, Taoist Golden Flower meditation, and Flower of Life
     Merkaba meditation do make an individual immune to external subliminal programming.
     Unfortunately, only great masters and advanced Yogis are able,to resist the electronic mind
     control intrusions using scalar wave technology. Our only protection against that powerful
     intrusion is equally strong Scalar, Solitonic and Takyonic force fields.l2 And that we can easily
     do with our own available technology. Other folks worldwide are less fortunate — unfortun ately!

     Magnetic Components of Brain Activity
     Let me continue. I already discussed the importance of the magnetic component of brain activity
     in studying and monitoring brain processes and functions accurately and precisely. Further
     research by our Russian colleagues has also shown that with proper parallel computing
     algorithms, one can plot three-dimensionally the magnetic field configuration and spatio-temporal1
     time-varying fields of the midbrain's thalamus, hypothalamus, hippocampus, amygdala pituitary
     and pineal functions in real time!

     This is unprecedented, because it shows that, as we here have learned in our Hermetic Gnostic
     Order's teachings, the so-called "Cave of Brahma", Dr. N's favourite "hang-out" (laughter), is
     indeed the magnetic and acoustic resonance chamber, its shape being a topological complex
     analogue of an ellipsoidal, prolate spheroid and atoms. In American lingo, I think that is called, a
     doughnut inside an egg? (Laughter) May I have the tine film strip please? Thank you. (Short film
     showing computer graphics is shown).

     This shows a real-time plot of the nested magnetic fields around my own head. This piece of
     research was a little favour from a British•colleague thatlikes to work nights. They call it the
     "Dracula Shift" (laughter). The white lines of the overall conto ur, the green the Hypothalamus
     plus Thalamus field, the red the Hippocampus plus Amygdala cycloid-shaped field ,(semi-
     circular), and the dumb-bell shaped blue is the Epyphisis (Pmealj and Hypophysis (Pituitary)
     combined fields..I wrote this algorithm myse If with the help of Professor Penrose-another
     unofficial favour — to map the magnetic fields using both the SQUID sensor helmets and a special
     helmet designed by Dr. Z having Delta-T and Delta-Wye transforms, having specially designed
     magnetic coils and sensors. This way we could pick up Pico and Nanogauss fields (billionth of a
     Gauss). The combined information is displayed here in three-dimensional coloured.grapliics.
     Notice the external white-lined shape is like an egg. Inside, almost at the centre, is the toroidal
     shape of the Hippocampus-Amygdala combined fields, the red contours. The central tube-like
     "sausage with trumpet-like open ends" looks like what? Anyone? (Chorus: "An Einstein-Rosen
     Brid !") Right!

      The:blue-green combined field.of the Thalamus-Hypothalamus-PituitaryPineal glands forms a
      sausage, like mini hyperspace.tunnel, about 7cm long. The screen image is magnified, but the
      actual side is about 7cm, (reflecting) the.normal brain size.

      Let me pause as minute. Can we replay that part? Thanks. Notice how the overall geometry is an
      ellipsoidal prolate spheroidal cavity containing a sub-space of a toroid traversed by a hyperbolic,
      non-linear Einstein-Rosen bridge. Again, in America n lingo, "an egg-shaped cavity containing a
      doughnut crossed by a sausage". What do these nested fields         like to you, dear friends? (Cross
      talk and comments). A topological analogue of a relativistic, locally curved space-time locus
      around a solar system. Of course! What else? A space-time torus with an Einstein-Rosen bridge
      connecting its median points!
      There, ladies and genfemen...there is the scientific proof that the motto of our Order, the dictum
http://www.iahf.com/nsa/20010214.html                                                           1/23/2002
4How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve...         Page 15 of 44


      p1the ancient sages,"As Above, So Below ... As Within, So Without" is scientifically and
      neurophysiolog cally correct and precisely so! These shapes, wh ich you all recognise as
      hyperspatial four-dimensional plots, are indeed magnetic-acoustical resonance chambers. Notice
      that these amazing geometries are the synergistic effect of the magnetic fields of these six organs
      surrounded by the ventricles, under the roof of the choroid plexus and corpus callosum. Notice
      what happens if! subtract the field of even a single organ, let's say the pineal gland. See how it
      changes the entire structure?13 And, if I add the contribution of the mamillary body, it only w
      idens the tube, right? And if we add the field from the reticular formation, the master circuit
      network, relay and switchboard of the brain where all waves are originated, what do we get? Next
      frame, please? We get a tunnel merging with the main ellipsoid al field. In the screen, it is the
      orange coloured grid.

      To summarize, what is our Mid-Brain or Inner Cavity? It is a relativistic spatio-temporal= cavity fi
      with local enfolded hyperspatial bridges that undergoes harmonic resonances to magnetic and        f
      acoustical stimuli. The implications are almost astronomical, if I may use the term, because a
      model and mechanism based on this novel scientific information-implies that our human brain if
      in reality none other than a biological space-time energy transducer. As such, it creates[not only
      space, but also time. Our and ent Chinese ancestors maintained that "the Tao was in our head", in
      other words, all the Universe was-in our head! My own inference from this study is that space and
      time are essentially biologically modulated, perhaps even formulated, for my equations sh ow that
      possibi ity. oul this intuitive scientific insight be correct; then it would demolish physics,
      biology, philosophy and theology in a single, clean blow.

      Incidentally, I showed this filmstrip and discussed my theory and equations with Professor
      Penrose, who-seemed interested at f.ast, but very politely declined any further comment or
      association with me thereafter.l4 I think he realised the impact of this novel theory. He is still
      convinced that quantum mechanics is the answer to explain brain functions and consciousness. I
      disagree. I think it is General Relativity and Unified Field a la Einstein, pure and simple. Quantum
      phenomena is not the cause,-but merely the effect, and creation is not statistical: It is
      wholeheartedly deterministic; not left to chance, but to precisely formulated potentials, not fields.
      The potentials are the eause, the fields are the effects. In simple-terms,-pure magnetism and s ouffd
      are the potentials. Electricity is the field. Magnetism and sound do not "travel" as such, for they
      are inherently enfolded space and are everywhere. It is the disturbance that travels:On the other
      hand, electrical charge, hence electricity, does travel, because it needs a physical medium. It is
      obviou's that we still don't understand either magnetism or the true nature of sound.

      Sono-Chemistry and Advances in Neurophysics
      To close, I would like to justmention experiments being done combining the novel science of
      sonochemistry'and neurophysics. Amazing altered states of-consciousness have been attained by
      some privately funded researchers using sound and light, a combinat ion of physicsand Yoga.
      From stereochemistry; the precise molecular structure of certain alkaloids have been obtained, and
      their vibrational isomorphic fundamental vibrational frequencies determined. Example: Ammonia
      N113: molecules vibrate at 40,000 cps . LSD vibrates at about 11,000 cps. A tone was obtained
      from this vibrating molecule, and a large poster of its molecular structure was made. By focusing
      on the chemical formula on the poster and playing the sound harmonic/tone of the LSD molecule,
      a fabu bus psychedelic trance was experienced by eight volunteers, men and women. No side
      effects; unpleasant emotions or after effects were experienced. The subjects remained-in
                                                                                            -the Theta
      brainwave through the entire three hour experience. Many OOBE time tray el, and `5dairsenses"
      experiences were reported and monitored. The experiment was repeated at other times with close
      cohtrols, and similar experiences were reported. The information from-these experiments was
      truly, truly amazing, fabulous, fantastic t o put it mildly. Theysychokinetic and telekinetic feats
http://www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214_html                                                            1/23/2002
How The.NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Ilatrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 16 of 44. . y


     were, I think, unparalleled in the history of parapsychological research. A new biochemistry and
     pharmacology can emerge from this study. I have passed this information to our Russian
     colleagues for future study, for it is their specialty -- pamphysics and biological radio. Ironically, }A,_
     the CIA and KGB are familiar with two alkaloid.substances known as telepathine and astraline.
     The former is in the chemistry handbook, the latter is new. Interesting names! Thank you my
     friends. (Standing applause).

      Dr D: Thank you Mrs. Dr. L for a superbly informative presentation. It is almost mind-boggling
      for us non-medical type to understand the intricacies of the brain. Obviously, your research is light
      years ahead of the orthodoxy. Any questions before we move on to the next speaker? Yes, Dr. A?

      Neurological Magnetic Fields and Altered States
      Dr. A: Please explain how the cerebral magnetic fields of the.mid-brain change as a function of
      ASC's, altered states?                                                                          t
      Mrs.Dr.L: Ah, so. Very good. What my associates and I did is to go into various trance states
      induced by the techniques that we all know here (A) Deep Zen/ Taoist meditation, absolute
      stillness, (B) Tai-Chi moving meditation, and (C) Tantra Toga Cobra Bre athing - pulsed powerful
      breath, Yoga Asana (lotus posture). I was the subject tested.

      k (A), all metabolic processes cum.homeostasis are slowed down pronouncedly_ The brain
      emitted EEG peaks in the Alpha-Theta range (11,9,7, and 5 cps .at the lowest). Great Masters can
      descend all the way into Delta, 0.1- 4cps. The amplitudes varied bet ween 60 and 275 microvolts,
      root mean square averages. The magnetic fieldswere actually at a maximum, especially when
      eyes were closed, ranging from about 9.5 to 48.5 Picogauss.(10-8 gauss). The diagrams you saw
      in the tine film were made with measurements of this part (A),.

      In (B), the metabolic processes are increased; but homeostasis is optimised. Brainwaves are
      almost totally Alpha, but some Beta spikes were observed. Again, •a Great Tai-Chi Master would
      be totally in Alpha, maybe. even some Theta. The magnetic fields were somewhat elongated in the
      Y-axis, meaning the length of the space-time tube. This meant that space-time functions are
      altered when doing Tai-Chi correctly. It is said hr Chinese lore that Tai-Chi Masters can arrest,.
      even reverse their aging process, and cause local distortions of space-time, hence.their ability to
      literally propel opponents "flying through the air", 12 feet.into the air, like the legendary master in
      the remote Changu province. Somehow, magnetism and.Chi are related, and are controlled by the
      brain via intent and breath.

       In (C), the brainwaves.are almost totally composed of very unusual spikes that could be Alpha or
      Beta. The magnetic fields were pulsating, or oscillating, which. means some non-linear DC pulses
       created expansion and contraction of the magneticfreld. Curi ously, it appeared.as if it became
       alive and began to"breathe", andthe pulse was about.6 to 8 cycles per second. My interpretation
      .is that here space-time is being pulsed, and time is being accelerated, but externally, not internally.
       In other woids, th a outside time-flow seems to be going faster. Any other questions? Yes, Ms Dr.
       J?

      Ms.Dr.J: What is .the best way to optimise one's own brain functions, especially in adults like us?
      Also, I understand you're a grandmother and won't reveal your age. To me, you look like you are
      about 22 years old! What's your secret?

      Mrs.Dr.L: Thank you for the complement. My answer to that is to be like a child, laugh a lot - and
      this group are all clowns, especially those loud Russians, back theie (great laughter and cheers),
 http://www.iEhf.com/nsa/200 214.html                                                               1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 17 of 44


     and eat Chinese food, especially vegetables, eggs, and a lot of sea weed. Also, I practice Tai-Chi
     and Chi-Kung every day. In China, we walk many kilometers every day. Now, as for brain
     functions, as Dr. N said, do not watch TV or movies, don't use computers or telephones, and        `
     practice your Yoga and visualizat ion/imagination exercises daily. Study of Sacred Geometry(15)
     is the best stimulation for the brain, for the Sacred Forms, angles and diagrams have their space-
     time analogues in the Mind, Soul and Spirit. You saw how the brain forms Sacred Geometry
     magnetic field patterns in our film. That is very significant. Some Hermetic Gnostics of early
     Christianity thought that Angels derived from Angles. You see? Finally, never, never, never
     smoke cigarettes or take drugs. That damages the Thymus and Pituitary, and causes premature
     aging. Also, don't drink coffee - it interferes via purines in brain neurotransmitters. Drink tea.

     Effects of TV and VDT's on Human Genetic Structure
     Dr R: Will you explain how movies, TV, TV screens, computer VDTs and, I suppose, all VDTs
     in scientific equipment affect the brain, and I understand, the chromosomes, DNA and genes as J
     well?

     Mrs.Dr.L: That is a tremendous questionl The effect on DNA, chromosomes and genes has been
     discussed in the open scientific literature, but it is quite controversial. I believe Dr. D has most of
     the papers and references in our technical files, so you can secure copies of those. I will
     summarise this way. It seems that the EMIF from the VDT does interact and interfere with brain
     functions by entrainment of the 60 Hz AC of commercial electricity. In of er wor s, t e synergy
     between the Reticular Formation a nd the Thalamus is responsible for the Alpha spikes that
     indicate that during a normal day, the brain takes a "di "into Alpha 30 times per minute while
     you are awake. Nobody knows why this is so, but I think it has to o wit rep enishment of Vital
     Forc e - Chi - and balance between the rational and intuitive functions. Entrain-ment prevents
     that, for it keeps you all the time at 60 or 50 Hz. Movies and videos contain not only decadent
     material, but also subliminals and encoded secret information. Ther a is another more noxious
     scenario that I am not at liberty to discuss. I have to clear that with Dr. N. Thank you, ladies and
     gentlemen. That concludes my presentation for today. See you at dinnertime. (Applause)

     DAY TWO
     Dr. A: Good morrow, ladies and gentlemen! I trust you are all rested after last nights workshops
     and fulfilled by today's Chinese-style breakfast, per Mrs.Dr.L.'s suggestions for brain food! I
     have an announcement! There will be no evening workshops Thurs day night. Those going to the
     Art Institute in downtown Chicago will come with me in the gray van. Those going to the organ
     recital at Rockefeller Chapel, University of Chicago, will go with Dr. D in the blue van. For those
     staying, we have a quintet play ing Telemann, Vivaldi, Bach and Mozart's clarinet quintet in A,
     K581. We all need great music for tie soul.         wanting to make phone         must do in our
     Chicago quarters. There are no phones in the main house or any other building. We only use the
     DC intercoms.         we have no commercial 1 I0v 60Hz electricity in any of our buildings. Let
     me remind you, once again, to use the electric shavers we have provided, or razors. Ladies, your
     attendant, Mrs H. And Staff,      attend to any of your needs. The 1 ibrary is open all the time.
     Thank you. Dr. D, please?

      Dr. D: Thank you, Dr. A. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Since we are running early
      (laughter), we will run the cine film, shown yesterday, by popular request. It seems that many of
      use here had dreams about these diagrams shown by Mrs. Dr. L yesterda y. Lights, please? ( the 6
      minute cine film is shown) Thank you, Dr. B. We have had a change in speakers, Ms.Dr.0 will
      speak next. You all know her, she needs no introduction. However, let me remind you that she is a
      master of clairvoyance, clair sentienc a and bio-radio (remote viewing). Permit me to welcome
      Ms.Dr.C. (applause).
http://www.iahf.com/nsa/2o01o214.htmI                                                              1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 18 of 4.4 • .


     Ms.Dr.C: Thank you, Dr. D. Gutten morgen, dear colleagues. I wish to begin by asking how many
     had dreams about brainwave diagrams last night. Hands up, ya? Let me see. I count 27? What? On
     yes. 29. About half the group. Gut! I wish to inform you that you were all a part of an experiment
     yesterday. (Laughter)

     Dr.Z: You call this Amerikanish hospitalishe? In CCCP only experiment is to see how much
     vodka you drink. That also gives great dreams! (wild laughter and raucous comments)

      MS.DmC: I am glad we have such a live group of scientists here..Laughtec is ourgreatest cathartic, I.
      as you all know. I just hope that was not a nervous laugh! ( more laughter) The reason what this is
      so important is that unbeknownst to you, we run a "double blind" experiment yesterday to do in
      vivo research. This is perfect time and group for that. I am one of the three researchers involved in
      this brain wave research. The other researcher is back in England; and is not part of this group.
      Only Mrs.Dr.L and I knew about this experiment. We will discuss that later. Now, I wish to have)
      the lights and projector ready. Thank you, Dr. B.

      New Theories of Biological Cell Morphology
      I wish to start with a discussion of the revolutionary research of Herr Professor Doktor Tomas
      Landh,.a biophvsicist and bio-materials scientist. He has advanced a new theory based on solid
      evidence that conflicts greatly with current views on       morphology, especially neuronal brain
      cells. Current theory is.based on  two-dimensional   models  of thin microtome sections of cells
      viewed under optical or transmission microscopy, which states that "the cell's membrane is a
      spherical double layer of fatty lipi ds having their liophobic ends pointing inward, and
      liophyllicl6 ends pointing outwards with.protein structures at either surface or squeezing through
      the membrane. Show the first slide. Next slide. You see here, this shows the protoplasm, in center
      and looks like round circles, ya? Doktor Landh is not arguing cell function, but more the
      structural topology of its true geometry. After reviewing thousands of published fotosin histology
      literature for the past 35 years, he is convinced the current view is•i ucorrect.

      Cell Morphology Has a Six-Fold Symmetry
      What he did, .is not use transmission electron microscopy (TEM), but scanning electron
      microscopyfSEM) with very special dry-freeze techniques to preserve actual celimorphology
      without.preparation artifacts. He.then performed a mathematical topological analysis (MTA) to
      correlate hypothesis with observations, and found that cells: far from being spherical3-D little
      balls, ya?, were in reality very complex 3-D aggregates following a precise topological law known
      as Periodic Minimal nrface (PMS), not t o be confused with female PMS; ya? ( roaring laughter)
      I      skip the details, but Doktor Landh has postulated that the actual cell morphology and cell
      continuum is not a random spherical configuration, but a precise crystalline aggregate of cubic-
      shap ed cells whose membranes show a six-fold symmetry! Traces of the Egyptian Flower of Life
      symmetry, maybe, ya?17 Furthermore, the cytoskeleton or protein skeleton of the cell grows in a
      spir jpattern, very similar to DNA/RNA geometry. I wish to have the n ext five slides, Dr. B.
           see how the cell grows from a two-dimensional circle to acubic ac a ate.if you apply the
      rules of topology, ya. ou see so a repeating pattern, like a crystal, ya? This cubic shape is
      probably dictated by functional cellu lar requirements, and determines the actual cell behavior.

      Finally, his last phenomenal discovery was that, as a materials scientist -like the •Amerikan Dr.
      William Tiller - he was very familiar with metallic and metalloid microstnrcture. When he saw the
      high-angle SEM's at low resolution and high angle, he noti ced the pattern resembled what
      material scientists call a photonic crystal, a lattice structure of atoms or molecules that is sensitive
      to electromagnetic radiation, or light, ya? So he realised, of course! That explains the work of
 http://www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214.html                                                              1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 19 of 44


     Hen Doktor Popp from Switzerland (18) and his photon cell experiments. In other words, the cells
     are morpholo call anan ed like.a PMS structure that maximises its surface per unit volume for
     a sorption of energy. It follows, therefore, that cells, especially neuronal cerebral cells, are
     crystalline electromagnetic transducers - in otherwords, they respond to light, ya?19 That
     explains why not only exodermal,(skin) cells, but deep endodermal cells,. including (those in) the
     ppineal gland, are sensitive to light: The current view maintains that light photons do not affect
     metabolism. Doktor Landh's research contradicts that, and categorically shows how cells are
     structurally and morpholopicaly equipped to act as light transducers, yá? That is the conclusion of
     our own research. ( standing ovation and applause)

      The Phenomenon of Synesthesia
      Ms Dr. C: Dankershen. Thank you, respected colleagues. You know, we may just be a biological
      black hole! ( more laughter) Now, let me go into the second topic of my talk. I wish for, the lights,
      please. Thank you., Dr. B. This topic of brain research verges almost on paraphysics, the
      favourite topic of our CCCP colleagues. ( cheers) A Polish researcher, Dr. Richard Cytowic, has
      been researching an unusual phenomenon known as synesthesia, a condition where one sense
      overlaps with another, such.as "tastihg colours", "smelling.colours", "tasting words", "feeling "
      sensations and emotions in vivid colours", such as sexual orgasms (loud laughter). Background
      question - how can we do that? ( more laughter)

      The phenomenology of synesthesia cannot be explained by the present neurological model of the
      brain that maintains that the cortical regions are responsible for most physical senses. The rational
      cortex is responsible for sensory perception. This view can't explain synesthesia. Instead, Doktor
      Cytowic argues that it is the limbic system or "emotional brain" with its neural networks beneath
      the endocortex that has channels of communication with other parts of the brain via the endocrine
      and hormonal syste ms. It follows from his research that the dominance and pre-eminence of the
      cortex over the limbic system is not perfunctory, and the limbic system is not subordinate to it. It
      appears that it is actually the "central control", the CPU, to use computer 1 anguage, of the overall
      brain function. This would intimate that functionally, the,cortical functions and limbic functions
      are nested, or "multiplexed", and that information and data acquired by the brain can be, or is,
      processed by parallel computation, ya?

      The important implication is that this phenomenon of synesthesia suggests that the learning
      process could be directly linked to emotions, rather that to sensory stimuli alone. The common
      feature of so-called "~ynesthetics"20is that they have phenomenal memories, amazing
      visualisation abilities, like seeing:vivid shapes and colours, and also remarkable psychic abilitie;
      such as precognitions, deja-vu, clairvoyance, telepathy:and•remote viewing and sensing. But,
      unfortunately, these abilities are regard ed as "abnormal" or "strange". So, they playthese down
      and hide them. Ah, I forgot. These people don't do very well .in math, and, they often get lost on
      the streets-- poor orientation. The experimental conclusions, conducted on subjects under
      coptrolle d laboratory conditions, forced Dr. Cytowic to make a courageous statement:
      "synesthesia takes place in the left side of the limbic system, deep in the temporal lobe." This
      confused.everyone in the neurological community. But, we know that what he is talk ing about is
      the so-called "hyperfunctions of the limbic systen2", as yet unrecognised, unaccepted and non-
      existent to orthodox medical and psychological sciences.

       Traditional neurology proposes a hard-wired circuitry of neuronal networks mediating
       neurological functions. The new view requires and proposes.new electrical channels of
       communication: This has been dubbed "volume transmission" in contradistinction to the
       traditional "wiring transmission"'mediated by the normal.axons, synapses, dendrites and spikes.
       Some Eastern researchers, by contrast, regard that "synesthesia" .is a "normal" condition) we are
                                         i
http://www.iahf.coniJnsa/20010214.html                                                            1/23/2002
Tow The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Hanases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 20 of 44.


     born with, but culturally is "blotted out" of our neural functions. Only a few individuals manage
     to maintain this function as adults, who have retained this phenomenon as a conscious awareness -
     even if it appears strange!

     Ironically, thepurpose of training in transcendental meditation (TM) in the Siddhis program, the
     Magiickal training in Hermetic Orders, like our own, and various types of Yogas, is to arouse these
     "synesthetic functions", for they verge very closely with the phenomenology of "psychic powers".
     These parapsychic functions, hitherto unexplained by physics, medicine, psychology or even
     parapsychology, fall, of course, in the realm of "brain hvperfunction", or should we say pre-
     cultural "normal functions", ya ?

      With the research we conducted with Mrs. Dr.L discussed yesterday, and with this overview of
      today's information, I think it is obvious that the present neurological brain models are in-dire
      need of fundamental revision. Comparatively, we know more about the ocean that we know about
      the brain. We understand water, but what about thought?21

      Dr Z: Comrade Frau Doktor C! ( laughter) What mechanism in brain do you suppose will
      explicate the phenomenon of seeing with the eyes closed, or blindfolded, like. Yogins, also KGB
      and CIA special members trained to see in total black at night?

      Ms.Dr.C: Is that a trick question? ( laughter) You are the expert in that field, Comrade Ruski!
      ( more laughter) No? Innsbruck, Ich muss dich lassen'(she begins to sing, and everyone laughs)

      Dr Z: NO! I am serious. I wish to compare theory, because one of my friends here has a different
      explanation!

      Ms.Dr:C: Different from what? (laughter and general pandemonium.)

     :Dr D: Ladies and gentlemen, permit me to interrupt. I think we need a fifteen minute coffee - I
      mean TEA - break!

      (Tea Break)
      Ms.Dr.C: Now, we are all fresh. I wish to continue my lecture. I answer question later, Dr. Z. Did
      Dr. B pass the questionnaires? Gut. We fill them later. Now, I wish to explain the experiment. I
      wish for Dr. B to have the. cine filmstrip ready for show. Thank you.

      Psycho-Acoustical and Luminal Brain Entrainment
      About five years ago, the topic of the effect of electromagnetic fields on humans became very
      notorious due to the books and articles by MrPaul.Brodeur (22), who wrote the most
      controversial articles to this day in the very popular New Yorker magazine. Since then, he wrote
      other books and made video films. Simultaneously, but with less notice, researchers in CCCP and
      Germany were investigating effects of lights, colour and pulsing light, and colour flashes on the
      brain "of animals and humans;as well as on the mind/psyche. I will not go into detail, because new
      technologies emerged from said endeavours, including the brainwave altering machines in France,
      Germany, and their American counterpart, like today you see advertised (Zygon,Voyageretc).
      New to chnolo$es emerged, based on light and sound, based on the research of Drs. Thomas
      Budzynski and Igor Lozanov.•I believe Dr.Z and friends know them personally. Anyway, the
      main theoretical construct behind the so-called "psycho-acoustical stimulation" and "luminal
      brain entrainment", the technologies behind those devices, was the new and revolutionary theory
      of the "holographic quantum mechanical brain", or the "Bohm-Pribram Model", for short. We
      have copies of those research papers if anyone wants them. 23 See Dr. D, ya?
 http://www.iabf.comfnsa/20010214.html                                                         1/23/2002
'How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 21 of 44


      The area explored by Dr. Budzynski was the Theta or "twilight state". To quote him directly, "the
      areas ranging between 4 to 7 cps and the hypnagogic state", or spontaneous imagery that
      supposedly emanates from Jung's "personal and collective unconsciou s" when the mind is
      suitably stimulated. Jung used active imagination and mandalas to reach the "unconscious".
      Modern technology uses electromagnetic and acoustical stimulation. The fields of "subliminal
      pychology" and "psychology of the unconscious" postulated by Carl Gustav Jung are the keys to
      understanding this synergy of brain and psyche. To summarise the brain phenomenology behind
      these novel technologies of light and sound, brain entrainment occurred by (because of) the
      auricular and occular pieces of the machine, and the effect was the alteration of the (levels of the)
      neurotransmitters serotonin, norepinephrine and beta endorphins by Alpha and Theta induced
      states. They published data, which we critically analysed, and found to be incorre ct and
      misleading. But, then, these are marketing endeavours, not scientific.

      However, we did experiment using the very machines on the market and found most interesting
      information. We were our own volunteers, or "guinea pigs" - something all scientists should dc ~
      instead of using animals. ( applause) After we recorded and obtain ed all the info we needed and
      plotted cerebral magnetic fields using the protocol developed by Mrs. Dr.L., we noticed that all
      three of us, plus four other volunteers, had the same dream for two or three nights in a row. So, we
      decided to investigate fur ther. We had the available data, so we gave the three devices to Herr
      Doktor G., the mad scientist with his electronic sniffers (laughter), and he analysed each device
      down to the silicon microchips! We will not discuss the electronic details. That stuff is beyond our
      scope of expertise, but what we did find is that there are multiple electronic functions being
      formulated by the machines that apparently were not in the original set of programs or functions
      advertised. Very curious indeed. Further resea rch by Dr. G revealed that these devices were
      powerful receivers for some form of signals that were not straight electromagnetic waves -
      perhaps higher order electromagnetics24, such as scalar waves. They seem to become more
        ronounced when these machine s were close to an operating TV set or computer VDT screen.
      Keep that info in min or ater.

      Two or three days later, I had a dream about the DNA and RNA molecules dancing to beautiful
      music, but when a strange sound was heard, the music stopped, and theDNA and RNA molecules
      started to go crazy and fight amongst themselves. I awoke frightened, but I recorded the dream in
      detail. Later in the day, I read a paper describing a new technology of DNA and RNA alteration
      based on radio frequencies called "in vivo microsur ems" created by M1RXj .25 I did not pay
      mucTi attention to that, but it was sy nchronistic about my previous dream, ya? But that night,
      when my husband and I were reading and listening to music of Mozart, his flute and harp
      concerto, I fell asleep on the armchair and had the dream about the DNA and RNA molecules
      dancing again, but t his time so beautifully, it was almost like a real-life ballet I was watching.
      Then, I woke up and realised the dream. Sound affects the resonance frequency of the DNA and
      RNA molecules. Certain specific frequencies, timbres, pitch, and characteristic mus ical themes
      create either harmonic resonance or dis-harmonic resonance. Naturally, Mozart, Bach, Vivaldi,
      Telemann and the old masters' music is very beautiful and harmonious, where "modem music" is
      highly questionable.
      Light, Colour and Geometric Harmonics of Brainwaves
      In collaboration with Mrs. Dr. L, we found fight and colour frequencies that were eometrical
      harmonics of the Theta brainwaves emitted aunng lucid dreaming. We used Fourier and Wiener
      transforms to create optical patterns and enfolded them in the colou r graphics showing the
      cerebral magnetic fields you saw in the cine filmstrip. We also determined some resonant
      vibrations of the sound corres onding to melatonin, the neurotransmitter secreted by the pineal,
      and responsible for seep ream cycles. We found it, and chose a harmonic in the near ultrasonic,
 http://www.iahf.com/nsa/20010214.html                                                           1/23/2002
'How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Hanrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 22 of 44 • .


      Ptspectrum, and recordeditnntgthe soundtrack of the cine filmstrip. We projected it, and 50% of
       this group had the dream about the audio-visual stimulus that entrained your brain in about 6
       minutes. Wonderful, ya? Of course, the implications are truly amazing, as this can be used for
       wonderful, non-intrusive, non-invasive healing applications, for it affects the DNA and RNA
       immediately and expediently, per our own research. The simplest and most immediate application
       would be for a person to construct a symbol. or mandala following Jung's or Yoga instructions,
       select a musical piece that one truly loves, preferably harp or flute, like the ancient Egyptians or
       Greeks, contemplate it while listening to the music, and then go to sleep_ Repeating this for a
       week or so will immediately affect the DNA, RNA and immune system, and healing will occur
       almost "miraculously".

        Dr. M: Have you tried this technique on sick people already?

        Ms.Dr.C: Ya vol, we have indeed tried it on many people. Mrs. Dr. L, in her own medical           4
        practice; quite confidentially of course, has tried it with 100% success, both in China and the
        West. Of course, she used Chinese music in China and Mozart in the West. We are using two
        pieces by Mozart as our control music. The harp and flute double concerto and the Clarinet
        Quintet in A, K581, which will be played here Thursday night. We are doing further research in
        this topic, but very confidentially, because of you all know who, .ya? Ya! This may prove to be a
        blessing to mankind, because this simple process addresses the DNA, RNA and immune system
        directly, and according to Mrs.Dr.L, also the thymus and pineal glands. Interestingly; it is the
        locus of the Up per Tan-Tiers and Triple Warmerin Chinese ancient medicine, the Cauldrons and
        transducers of Chi, or Life Force. Fortunately, both Mrs. Dr. L and I have orthodox medical
        degrees, and wear the "white coats of medical approval ( laughter).

        What we do is to make sure our research patients. "entertain" themselves drawing symbols of their
        dreams in full colour, admiring them before they go to sleep, and listening to the music tapes of
        Mozart or Master Ludwig von Fu=Main-Chu (roaring laughter): There 'are some patients in the
        research hospital to whom we can talk frankly about this technique: Most people "respond quite
        enthusiastically about it, and of course, when they are healed, they tell others about their "secret"t
        We are collecting fanta stic information and feedback. We are also experimenting with monotonic
        hamionics, or single frequencies, that      be disguised as "background noise". Very clever, ya?
        Any questions?

        Dr. R: Are you exploring the application of magnetic fields directly to the brain for inducing
        cerebral hyperfunctions, like induced psychic powers,;astral phenomena and time.travel, besides
        healing?
        Mrs.Dr.C: Absolutely! We knowtovemment a • encies have been doing that for years, but we do
 i   kl have totally different goals. Of course, we are all bound by the strict rules of the OrderRemember,
                                                                                                  of absolute
        non-interference. We can't even help our own families wile ss they want to be helped.
      L out Oath of Secrecy is absolute! Alateia Gnosis! (26)
        One "pet project" we have is to help ouryoung children to be "deprogrammed" from the
        influences of schools, TV and radio media, videogames, etc. We do this by inducing creativity in
        them to create their own symbols and mandalas by playing the music while they"are going to
        sleep. We have four children - three of primary school age. I am sure most of you have children as
        well, so this may be of great benefit to our own siblings_ However, the magnetic field research
        requires very special helmets, which Her r Dr.G is building for us. We only have one now, and we
        need at least two more. Our results cannot be discussed at this point. Last question?

        Dr:E: What do you think of virtual reality helmets? What do you think of virtual reality as an
  http://www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214.html                                                              1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 23 of 44


       emerging technology?

       Mrs.Dr.C: Ya! Excellent question. Yes, we have researched it. That imaginary space is still very,
       very far from looking "real". It also affects the brain and psyche very, adversely. Stay away from
       it. Thank you. I see it is lunchtime! Gut!

       FOOTNOTES
       I In deference to government mandated electronic altering of brainwaves, since they want the
       only game in town. Too bad the NWO does not realize it. will be the source of its own undoing.
       When the equipment is shut down and people awake ... wait and see.

       2 Perhaps another reason why these agencies did not like "Pandora's Box", because it gave away
       details about the remote transceivers in televisions and other data.


   K
       3 Note: The recent linkup of McCaw Cellular, TA T. Disney (who is delving into virtual reality
       educational modes), Microsoft, the "information highway", and classified developments in             '
       artificial intelligence, nanotechnology, bioelectronics, hyperfield elec ironies and implant
       technology all point to a concerted effort in this direction. Historically, this kind of process is an
       off-world one that has existed for millions of years. Those of you having access to Sector 9
       Hubbardian material know.

       4 Many of these protocols are detailed in Matrix III Volume One.

       5 This very fact can also be examined in light of the book Celestine Prophecies; in that those
       involved in the NWO Mind Control and Domination program must exist as "energy vampires",
       since they are unable to draw energy from the Universal Source and are finnly grounded in ego
       aggrandizement, power and control in an effort to maintain a parasitic"symbiosis".with the mass
       population, whom they view as having Dasein ohne Leben, existance without life. Extension of
       WWII Nazi Germany, etc.

       6 Instead of "internal technology"; which is infinitely,more powerful.

       711this is done, it will probably be done very selectively; since some devices that are marketed
       are themselves designed to "sensitize" the unknowing to existing or planned electromagnetic and
       scalar protocols. Best to stick with internal modes entirely, folks.

        8. Thus, the rationale for agency trafficking in specific drugs that ground a person to lower brain
        states (opiates and derivatives, street drugs, etc) and fonn a neuro-chemical basis for.sensitization
       rfo nested overlapping chemical and electronic paradig ms. See Matrix Ill, Volume One.

       9lncluding over-the-counter drugs available on a common basis in society.

       IOSupplemented with public attention toNeurolinguistic programming, et al.
                                          I
       I I standard reference electronics for television signals nationwide comes from Boulder Colorado,
       at the fonner'National Bureau of Standards, which interfaces with the rest.

       12We have been advising people about this for a least two years. You know where to get these
       devices if you have been paying attention to your surroundings.

   •   13 Of course, by injecting enough disabling co-factors into the environment, the power structure
http:/ www.iahf.com/nsal200l02l4.html                                                                1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And UnconstitutionallyHarrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 24 of 44. .


         is making sure that the public does not have access to burgeoning psychic abilities and telepathic
         interchange. They'd rather you use your cellular phone.

         14 Which lends itself to the notion that any scientist who is employed, on tenure or steeped in
         academia, cannot truly function as a scientist, since truth and revelation does destroy structure and
         provide novelty - the average scientist, afraid of losing funding and afraid of professional censure,
         cannot publically ackowledge any degree of developmental truth which would collapse a set of
 •       major paradigms upon which employment depends. After all, Penrose doesn't want to be a
         Sheldrake, does he?

         15 See Matrix IV: The Equivideum-Paradigms and Dimensions of Human Evolution and
     -   Consciousness.

         16 Commonly, "hydrophobic" and "hydrophyllic", water-hating and water loving, respectively.

         17 See Matrix IV for further information and explanation.

         18 Editor Note: Dr. Fritz Popp (see Matrix III Vi) did research detailing the photonic emissions
         and electromagnetic interaction relative to DNA/RNA.

         19 Which also lends a new view to the existence of pyramidal-shaped cellular structures within
         the brain- specifically, cells shaped like two pyranlidshase to base - exactly the same
         configuration as the Delta-T antenna. Get it?

         20People who experience synesthesia phenomena:

         21 The paradigm in Matrix III Vi proposes a model for thought, brain attenuation thereof, and
         processes where thought descends into particulate mass.

         22 See New Yorker magazine forJ989, June 12, June 19 and June 26. Paul Brodeurs' three-part
         article entitled "Annals of Radiation", about EMF hazards.

         23 This has been discussed during the past year in the Unified Field and Consciousness series in
         The Leading Edge.

         24 See Matrix III for a review of higher order EM functions and discussion thereof. My own
         persoiial.opinion is that you shouldput your light-sound machine on the floor and jump on it, or
         hit it with a hammer and get rid of it.                   -

         25 As synchronicity would have it, we received data on MRX technology just before receiving the
         data for this presentation. Some of the MItX data is in this LE issue.

         26 Truth and knowledge is foremost!


         III. History of MK-ULTRA. CIA program on
         Mind Control..

http://www.iahf com/nsa/20010214.html                                                                1/23/2002
-How The NSA illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 25 of 44


      -.Started during WWII with research on hypnosis,for interrogation, secure courier duties, and
      reducing fatigue. Also research into effects ofprimitive drugs like barbiturates and cannabis as far
      as dmg-assisted interrogation goes.

      - George Estabrooks was the leading proponent of hypnosis as the be-all and end-all of
      manipulating peoples minds. His book, 'Hypnotism', published in the early forties, has been
      decried as too fantastic and improbable in terms of describing the capabilities of hypnosis with
      certain very suggestible subjects, but his arguments and examples remain valid to this day.


      Estabrooks admitted in 1971 to creating hypnotic couriers and programmed multiple personalities
      for Military Intelligence purposes in this 1971 Science Digest article. MUST READ!!

      - Start of Cold War and Korean War in particular gave a big boost to mind control research with .
      the emergence of'Brain Washing' as a common term. Supposedly a development of the dastardly
      Chi-Coms, the term was actually coined by a magazine writer later found to be on the CIA paytbll
      as an agent of influence. Postulating a'brainwashing gap' The CIA got the go-ahead for research
      into countering communist mind control efforts and developing their own to aid in the espionage
      wars.

      -Hypnosis, drugs, and psycho-surgery; separately and combined, were the tools_of this quest for
      the ultimate truth serum on the one hand, and the capability to create an agent who could not have
      his or her mission tortured out of them; or even be aware that they were carrying secret
      information given to them in an altered state of consciousness. More and more sophisticated drugs
      were experimented with, such as LSD, Ketamine, and Psilocybine. Lobotomy and the
      implantation of electrodes were considered as methods for creating a compliant agent. Electro-
      Convulsive Shock, combined with LSD, sedation for days at a time, and constantly replaying the
      patient's own voice through helmet-mounted headphones was a notorious Canadian researcher's
      recipe for mind control.

      - One of the most remarkable cases of mind control involves a famous model of the late 40's and
      50's named Candy Jones. In the book, "The Control of Candy Jones" the author reviewed hours of
      tapes made by Candy Jones and her husband which revealed a systematic program to create and
      manipulate alter personalities as the foundation for.programmed couriers resistant to torture,
      where the primary personality would not even be aware of the secret information being carried.
      The information could be summoned forth via a post-hypnotic command or response to a pre-
      programmed cue.

      - Research continued into early 70's by CIA's own admission during the Church hearings. John
      Marks, author of the best study of CIA mind control experiments, makes the subtle differentiation
      that the CIA congressional witnesses might truthfully say that all research done by the TSS
      Directorate had ended, since the programs were moved.into.other areas once operational
      #echniques had been developed. Many of the names mentioned in reference to mind control
      research turn up in the few references to supposed dead-end research in ESP.

       There have been persistent rumors of Navy research involving attempts at telepathy_ from
      submarines under water the Nautilus being the most famous of these. Detection of enemy
      submarines, and communicating',with our own, has continued to be an important area of
      conventional research for the Navy, so it no surprise that researching the use of ESP for these
      purposes would be of interest. Communicating with a submerged submarine is the only kind of
      communications where the very act of receiving puts the receiver in danger, since submarines
http:I/www.iahf com/nsa/20010214.htm1                                                           1/23/2002
How TheNSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 26 of 44'


     must normally stick an antenna out of the water for high speed radio traffic, or rely on trailing a
     long wire antenna under water relatively near the surface to receive very slow speed traffic using
     ELF radio waves. Newer techniques may involve the use of blue-gree n nn wavelength lasers, but
     evidently penetration to any depth is still a problem.

      If you look at telepathy as a problem in the transfer of information in a very noisy environment,
     then certain existing•solulions suggest themselves: There have already been experiments in the
     transmission of five distinct symbols via telepathy, namely Zener card symbols. I suggest that
     there is already a way of transmitting information using two symbols only, namely Morse Code.
     Current ELF or VLF radio transmission methods for communicating with fleet ballistic missle
     submarines to issue them their launch orders involve very low data transfer rates] on the order of 3 ;z;
     to 30 bits per minute, if I am not mistaken. Messages arevery short, consisting of pre-formulated
     action or targeting codes. I suggest that telepathic 'Zener Morse' is an operational technique for
     information transfer under severe signal to noise conditions. In fact the use of five Zener symbols;:
     would increase data transfer rates, but at the expense of a higher error rate due to the problems in'
     discriminating between five and justtwo symbols:


     Electronic Mind Control - Remotely Altering
     Our Lives
      "The great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me"


        Contents

      1.0 Disclaimer

      1.1 Introduction - Andrija Puharich

     1:2 CIA Tooth Implants Andrija Puharich (cont.)

      1.3 A Victim of CIA Mind Control: Political Asylum

      1.4 Microwaves and Mind Control in Low Income Communities

      1.5 Extremely Low Frequency (ELF) Transmitters

      1.6 Conclusion / Contact Information

      1.7 Research.Subjects: Articles; Books, and Papers


      [1.1]

      Introduction;

      Our world changed almost instantaneously in the technical capability for mind control with the
http://www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214.htm1                                                             1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 27 of 44


     discovery that electromagnetic beams of energy could be used for three negative purposes;
     influence, disable or kill from a distance.

     One of the first scientists to delve into the effects of electro-magnetics on human organisms was
     the famous scientist by the name of Nikola Tesla, with E.L. Chaffee and R.U. Light quickly
     following his work in 1934 with the adventation of.the monograph; "A Method For the Remote
     Control of Electrical Stimulation of the Nervous System."

     Coincidentally the same year Soviet Union scientist Leonid L. Vasiliev wrote "Critical Evaluation
     of the Hypogenic Method" about the discoveries of Dr. I.F. Tomashevsky and his advanced
     research into remote influencing of the brain through radio waves.

     Andrija Puharich was yet another early scientistlresearcher into the effects of electromagnetics  {
     who delved into the effects of radio waves on animals, working at Northwestern University in they:
     late 1940s. Pucharich was the man who founded a laboratory he titled the 'Round Table           :
     Foundation of Electrobiolo_ gy in what he modestly termed "a barn in the woods" outside of
     Camden, Maine.

      Among Puharich's associates at the Round Table were Warren S. McCulloch, one of the founders
      of'cybernetics' theory, who worked at Bellevue Hospital in New York City. McCulloch was an
      early adyocate of electronic brain implants, and chaired conferences sponsored by the Josiah
      Macy, Jr. Foundation, a channel for CIA mind control funding. Another associate of Puharich's
      was John Hays Hammond, said to have been Nikola Tesla's only student, who was interested in
      the use of electromagnetics to control the human mind.

      After the demise of Andrija Puharich's Round Table Foundation of Electrobiology, he spent a lot
      of time with the famous social engineer Aldous Huxley in Tecate, Mexico, once again studying
      the effects of electronics on the human organization.


      [1.2]

     LCIA Tooth Implants
      Among many of Puharich's many accomplishments was the design and pseudo- implementation of
      what is describe as a "radio tooth implant", the technical specs of which were sold to the CIA. At
      a conference on electromagnetism in September of 1987, Puharich the following invention: "We
      were able to develop a hearing device that fit under the cap of a tooth and we could hear very
      clearly from a small little rela and receiver and transmitter and unfortunately it was promptly
      classi ied by an agency of our government. But we did solve the problem in terms of hardware."

      The radio tooth implantation may _still be in use_ to this day. According to the 'Chemical and
      Engineering News' for February 5, 1996, in a story titled "Hong Kong.professor sues U.S. for
      mind control":

      "The South China Morning Post reported on January 25 that an assistant professor at the
      University of Science & Technology, Hong Kong, has filed a $100 million suit against the U.S.
      government for implanting mind-control devices in his teeth. Huang Si-ming charges that the
      devices were implanted during root canal work in 1991 while he was studying at the University of
      Iowa, according to Morning Post reported Patricia Young. Another student at Iowa University,
http://www.iahf.com/nsa/200102 14.html                                                         1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 28 of 44


     who like Huang, was born in China, had gone on a shooting spree, and the Feds, Huang says, put
     the devices in his teeth to find out if he was involved.

     "The Hong Kong professor says he suffered an Alzheimer's disease-like memory loss that
     hampered his teaching. It stopped, he says, only when he sought legal aid to mount his lawsuit.
     Besides the U.S., the suit names the University of.Science & Technology on the grounds that it
     was involved in continuing the mind-control work. It also seeks punitive damages of $I million
     from the defendants for 'low ethical standards'

     "Huang claims that one of the devices in his teeth can read his thoughts and talk to his mind when /
     he's asleep. A second device, he believes, transmits pictures of what he sees to a receiver for
     recording. The mind controller, he says, can drive him to 'bad' behavior. He gives two examples,
     one of which cannot be mentioned a family magazine."

     Huang is not alone in his complaints about having mind control devices implanted in his teeth. '`
     David B. recounts his story:

     "X-rays revealed a metal object on the left side of my skull under the jaw in the soft tissue of
     neck. In May I996, I finally had it removed, I asked many doctors about the possibility of it
     lling there during an extraction -they said;'possible,but remote'. Most of them thought it
     fa
     punctured my neck from the outside: I sent X-rays to Dr. Sims, and he arranged removal.. The
     strahge thing that came out of this was the discovery of the small object in my shoulder. Dr. Leer
     called after receiving my X-rays and asked if I had ever broken my shoulder, if.I had ever been in
     an explosion. I replied no. He said the reason was that the X-ray clearly showed a screw in my left
     shoulder. He said it looked like an operation for a broken shoulder. I have never broken a bone to
     my knowledge, and called my mother to ask. She said I'd had no operations as a child: This part is
     a complete mystery.

      "During the first six months of torture (extreme at that time), I went to a dentist and reported pain
      under my new dental bridge, installed a few months before the assault. He removed it and I was
      still in contact. So I wrote off my teeth and concentrated on my throat, wrongly. In my X-rays and
      CAT scan, one tooth is very bright and in one frame of the CAT scan it shows rays of white
      emanating from it. People I asked said it       probably an interference.effect with the metal."


      '—References—'

      Mass Control: Engineering Human Consciousness (c) 1999, Jim Keith


      [1.3]


      A VICTIM OF CIA MIND CONTROL: POLITICAL ASYLUM
      by C.P.


      December 4, 1995
http://www.iahfcom/nsa/200102I4.htm1                                                             1/23/2002
-How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 29 of 44


      The I/IIIIIIIi# Consulate
      Houston, TX

      To Whom It May Concern:

      With this letter I am requesting political asylum from your government as an American citizen
      and victim of mind control carried out presumably by the CIA. I am taking such drastic measures
      because I am in fear of my life and safety and because I have exhausted every legal and other
      means available to me. I have received no assistance from the President of the United States, the
      FBI, the CIA, the Attorney General, my Congressman to mention just a few. The fact that this
      technology exists and is being used against private citizens and innocent people like myself no
      one in any position of responsibility in government will officially acknowledge.

      I hope this is an acceptable condition for political asylum. If need be I am willing to relinquish my f
      citizenship and be declared stateless as a means to this end. This is a well thought-out decision
      my part and I am aware of all the ramifications that could occur. Naturally it is not a decision that
      I have taken easily, but under the circumstances it is likely that it is the only one that will prolong
      my life or give me any quality of life.

      I would like to provide a chronology giving the events leading up to this decision.

      As a university student I spent a year abroad in France and Germany and in Paris. I met a German
      university graduate whom I later married. We eventually returned to Germany to live after we
      finished our studies in the U.S. (I did my B.A. and he did a postgraduate degree in international
      business). A few years later we were divorced in Munich, Germany. I then became a graduate
      student and teacher, and resided for almost 10 years in what was then West Berlin, Germany.
      There was nothing unusual in my life until the year 1983. At that time I co-taught a
      parapsychology course in the Community College system of West Berlin. A friend attended this
      class and brought a guest. The guest whom I will call "C.L." and I became friends later. Through
      these people I got to know some other new acquaintances and whether these people are incidental
      to, or pivotal figures in what later transpired is something that I can only speculate about.
      However, a certain pattern would appear to emerge from this.

      One of the people I got to know casually was Peggy Woolsey who had worked as secretary to
      Richard Helms, former head of the CIA in Iran (He was there during the coup). Peggy would
      often tell me about her life in Iran. Once when I was her apartment having a drink I discovered
      at least a inch .of sediment on the bottom of my drink. I commented on this and was told it was the
      "Berlin water." Another time I went to East Berlin in her car with diplomatic plates and felt a
      strange mood of paranoia almost as if! was hallucinating. I remember Peggy asking me where the
      Russian embassy was. I remember thinking, "How should I know?" In fact, I was at that time so
      naive I had not realized there was a Russian embassy in West Berlin. I had crossed the border
      previously primarily to go to the opera or theater or to buy books (German literature classics in
      cheap editions). I had the impression that something strange was transpiring. It was during this
      time that I was on three occasions, at three different locations, talked to during my sleep by people
      I was acquainted with. On these occasions I had awakened abruptly during my sleep and became
      aware of what was transpiring. I went to the U.S. consulate and name names. After this I was
      harassed by a man in a white car who would drive by my apartment and when in close proximity,
      would zap me with an lectrical field of some sort. He was very brazen. I would find my body
      pulsating during my sleep especially at the base of my spine, but my whole body would vibrate as
      well and I would see flashing lights on my wall. I had to go to the U.S. Consulate several times
 http://www.iahf.com/nsa/20010214.html                                                             1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 30 of 44 .
                                                                                                              r .

     and they expressed disbelief in what I was saying rudely stating: Who would be interested in you -
     - you have no important political or military contacts. Ultimately they advised me to return to the
     U.S. and change my name. In despair! contacted a secret service in Berlin and wastreated with
     consideration and respect at least. Ultimately I decided to return to the U.S. where I thought I
     would be able to live a normal life. I think back to those innocent days when I was merely being
     harassed by parties unknown in no way suspecting what would be in store for me when [returned
     to a living hell and unbelievable torture, abuse, and experimentation.

     In retrospect the only conclusion that makes reasonable sense is thatl must have exposed a CIA
     operation. I was then classified as a "write-off' or expendable as a human being. By some
     unfortunate decision I was designated for a constant monitoring, inhuman method of electronic
     incarceration utilizing intra-cerebral microwave induction of voices. This is one of several sadistic
     approaches they have used to destroy my life. So for 13 years now I have never known one
     moment of privacy, or peace. My entire life has been stolen from me. My apartment serves them
     as the cage of a guinea pig.

      What they attempted to do with very crude, unsophisticated human input (not to say criminal and
     immoral) coupled with an electronic technology totally unknown to the public was to set up some
      artificial controls (or "handlers") utilizing voice and emotive responses of some individuals
      recognizable to me and get them to "control" my behavior by the use of positive and negative
      reinforcement. These were not "voices" talking to me live but were a whole catalog of reactions
      that were activated in my brain by some means. For example if! did something they did not like
      they would use the voice characteristics of "C." crying or whining or expressing. despair..: Thus the
      same expression would be played over and over again like canned laughter on TV quiz program.
      I might hear the same emotive phrase played over 5 times in one day however absurd that may
      seem. When they realized that I was not being hoodwinked or deceived into thinking that this was
      areal person} (and naturally they selected the voices of former lovers) they did not attempt to
      project this artifice but instead would harass me with the voices.. Often I was interrupted at what I
      was doing:at the rate of once minute throughout the:day. At other.times it was once every 4
      minutes. Atothertimes every time I made a decision, drew a conclusion from something, or
      followed instructions it was reinforced. The implication being that these.swine'were in charge of
      my behavior and thinking. This reaches the point of fanatic absurdity on their.part. And it still
      continues even as I type this. They are constantly trying to reinforce or keep in place their
      repulsive "program."

     Here are some examples: Through a business contact Lgot to know "S." and every:time I met with
     her it was euphorically reinforced: This was something I could not fathom. I would think why is
     not my friendships with V., E.J.; or others reinforced like this. It did not make sense tome as S.
     was a rather unsophisticated but warm-hearted Iranian hairdresser. Later I discovered,that under
     the Shah, S. had been married to a Judge, connected in high places, had hidden people in her
     home and had had to flee when her husband was arrested. I think that one of the things they had
     planned to use was to start relationships with.certain targeted individuals. They kept up arabid
     campaign to get me to re-establish a contact with a foreign national who reputedly had
     intelligence contacts. I refused but.they never stopped harassing me. They tried to establish a
     whole associational network of things supposedly characteristic of this person to constantly keep
     him in my mind which was revolting in the extreme. So I frequently formed the impression that!
     was.constantly dealing with people who were my intellectual.inferiors, ignorant provincials who
     were in a mad rush to use their high-tech equipment on any designated victim. The irony of all
     this pain and suffering was that the same things could have been achieved by very conventional
     and mundane methods. But this high-tech equipment was being used by individuals very unlike
     myself where I had a feeling!was being corrupted by the association, that I was being polluted by
hupi/www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214.html                                                               1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 31 of 44


     the contact and as a result I feel I have lost or had murdered my spirituality, my refinement, my
     dignity and privacy as a women, my idealism, my joy in living, my sexuality, my feelings of
     freedom, my comfort zone, i.e. all that had once been the essential ingredients of my life. Their
     sadism knows no bounds. They will talk with you and make it a point, of letting you know that
     t ey are watching you while you are on the toilet, for example.

     Needless to say, I attempted suicide but was stopped in the woods by another motorist. .

     I would be more happy to reveal their whole mind control program but there is not enough time
     now.

     What happened to precipitate this decision to seek asylum is that I discovered that there were
     other victims on whom the same or similar technology was being used and began networking with
     them and sharing information with plans of going public and getting organized. I was also able to
     upgrade and expand my technical knowledge and met victims of the CIA's Project Monarch and
     MKULTRA.                                                                                        '

     I then started to get heart palpitations of a severe nature and         would be microwaved so
     that it would pulsate. I would awaken with a field directed to my stomach and intestines (the
     genital stimulation during sleep was by now old-hat) so that my midriff would be sore. When I
     would cover my thyroid with my hands to shield it I would later have arthritic-similar pains in my
     hands. I woke up two days ago with pain in my left armpit and both groin lymph nodes. I am
     afraid I am being "taken out." One of the de-programmers and most knowledgeable persons on the
     CIA's codes, techniques and tactics has been suddenly diagnosed with terminal cancer that
     apparently appeared out of nowhere.           Y


     I fear for my safety. I have gone to extremes to protect myself— trying to set up improvised
     faraday cages, sleeping on the bathroom floor, wrapping myself in copper, aluminum, and the
     dinging is terrible -- the program that gets activated during my REM sleep especially. And last
     night for the first time they actually used some equipment that lifted my body .out of the
     galvanized aluminum shields I had erected. I was actually knocked backwards. I then tried to
     write this letter at home but my electric typewriter malfunctioned -- when I would hit the "n" key I
     would get "q" for example.

      Your speedy attention to this urgent matter would certainly be appreciated.

      Sincerely,

      C.P.

      Austin, TX


      -- References --'


      [1.4]


      Microwaves and Mind Control in Low Income Communities
http://www.jahfconiJnsa/20010214.html                                                           1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Hanases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 32 of 44.


     September, 1995


     "Contel Couldn't Con Churchill"

     Contel Cellulafs attempt at buildinRCellularphone towers in the highly populated Black district
     of Churchill, came to a screeching halt when residents met with Contel representatives to voice
     their concerns. The meeting was held on July 31 at 6 p.m. at the Salvation Army Boys and Girls
     club. Organized by Reggie Malone and Sterling Page, the meeting was to provide a platform on
     the pros and cons of the tower and the health risks involved.

      Contel was supposed to provide evidence that microwave radiation produced by cellular phone
      towers are hannless. That did not happen. I was invited by Mr. Malone to be on the.panel and
      present     research on the effects of microwave radiation and cited several studies from very
      credible sources that microwave radiation is very harmful.

     In attendance for Contel was the Company president Phil Forbes and Richard Biby a so-called
     communications engineer expert who came to the meeting empty handed, with no information,
     only rhetoric. A map of Richmond was the only thing presented as residents began to:tear into
     their backsides for coming unprepared.

      The channel 12 report broadcast at 11:00 p.m. spared Contel the embarrassment of how itreally
      was a landslide defeat given to them by the residents. Channel 12 attempt to lend supportand
      credibility to Contel was weak and full of holes. The organizers Reggie Malone and Sterling Page
      were never even interviewed, in fact Richard Biby was the only panelist that was interviewed. He
      was promoted as an expert that denied any harmful effects from.low-level.microwave•radiation,
      although he provided no evidence to the Churchill residents. I presented several studies myselt;
      with the documentation inmy hand, that microwave radiation is harmful. But channel 12 didn't
      seem very interested.

      City manager Robert Bobb, who was also in attendance, said in the channel 12.interview'that the
      tower would still be built in the community but at a different site after siding with the residents in
      the meeting. You stabbed us in the back again Mr.Bobb.

      Shirley Harvey, the lone maverick of city council always standing against the odds for what she
      believes in, approached Mr. Bobb when I was with her after the meeting about the video, cameras
      on the street comers in Black neighborhoods. He replied he didn't know of them, but he did admit
      to some closed discussions of electronic surveillance. They have obviously been doing more than
      discussing it. (* check the comer of Brooklyn Park & Meadowbridge *)

      At this point we will quote several more sources, articles, and studies on" low-level" microwave
      radiation since that's the reason they give us that cellular phone towers are safe.

      In 1971 the Presidents advisory council issued a report that stated "electromagnetic radiations
      emanating from radar, television, communications systems, microwave ovens, permeate the
      environment" and warned that "the consequences of undervaluing or mislutgmg tale biological
      effects of long-term, low-level exposure could become a critical problem for the pubfi` c ie t h,
      especially if genetic effects are involved."

      The Environmental Protection Agency released summary of scientific reviews in December of
http:/Iwww.iahficomlnsa/20010214.html                                                             1/23/2002
'How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 33 of 44


      1990 which concluded that scientific evidence "suggests a causal link " between (ELF) extremely_
      low frequency electromagnetic fields, (produced by microwave radiations) and leukemia,
      lymphoma, and brain cancer. And "a possible but not proven, cause of cancer in Humans." We
      have found that it is very provable.

      In 1976 Professor Przemyslaw Czerski along with Dr. William M. Leach, chief of the
      experimental studies branch of the Bureau of Radiological Health's Division of Biological Effects,
      told a seminar that convened in Washington on December 15, 1976 by the Electromagnetic
      Radiation Management Advisory Council that it was "easily demonstrable and easily quantified
      microwave effects on the lymphocytes and lymphocytec systems of mice, rabbits, and guinea pigs
      which had been exposed to low doses of radiation."

      Dr. Leach went on to say that up to 20% of the normal lymphocyte cells (white blood cells) in the
      irradiated animals underwent blastic transformation, which means that the cells jew in size then
      divided into two. Dr. Leach then told the audience, "We have a word for that, the word is~cancer."
      The study was conducted for the first 6 months of 1976.

      A study was compiled about behavior alteration caused by ELF electromagnetic radiation by
      William Bise, director of the Pacific Northwest Center for the study ofNon-ionizing Radiation in
      Portland, Oregon. The reportlis called "Radio-frequency Induced Interference Res ooses in the
      Human Nervous System". It was conducted on 10 human volunteers between July 1975 and June
      1976. It states that "biological interference responses in the human nervous system can be elicited
      (caused) not only by pulse-modulated but by continuous wave radio-frequency at power densities
      su st i iIly below those levels that exist in a typical urban environment". In the last section of
      the Bise report he suggested that since approximately 5% of the urban population of the U.S. was
      believed to be living in an environmental power density, his findings indicate "a meaningful risk
      factor for the general population appears to exist".

      The study published by the U.S. Army mobility Equipment Research and Development Center in
      1972 called, "Analysis of Microwaves for Barrier Warfare", states that," It ispossible to1Tidi
      truck- portable microwave barrier s stem that will completely "immobilize" (mind-control)
      Personne in the open
                       P with present day  Y tec nologY an eqwPmen

      In light of the studies and interest in behavior control using microwave radiation and it's effects on
      the nervous system from the army, scientists, and medical specialists, could the silence about the
      real effects of microwave radiation be part of a plan to alter then eventually control the behavior
      of an unsuspecting urban population? Keeping in mind that before someone can control you, you
      must give up control of yourself or be made to lose control o'your own behavior. Are people
      more out of control these days?

       Are individuals being produced who are extremely susceptible to these subliminal microwave
       signals and go out and commit atrocities? They dôiit even know why they did it. Some~cT h to
       hear voices that told them to do things. It is not only possible, it is likely.

      There is great interest in mind-control. Ask Psychotechnologies of Richmond, Va. which owns the
      American right to the soviet mind-control technology that the FBI. was going to use on David
      Koresh during the Waco stand-off. Dr. Igor Smimov who developed it claimed it could be used
      through the phone. (Defense Electronics 7/93) Psychotechnologies is not listed in the directory.

       It is time for people to ignore the rhetoric and examine the facts for ourselves. Muada Shakur
       Minister of Information
 http://www.iahf.com/nsa/200102 14. html                                                          1/23/2002
Hbw The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 34 of 44-


     ed note;

     Although the various reports appear, at first glance, to represent a confused and conflicting mass
     of data, a logical, orderly and meaningful pattern can be evolved in evaluating their data. The
     basic factors which must constantly be borne in mind are:

     (1) that microwave radiation is electromagnetic in nature,

     (2)that the nervous system functions as an electronic network normally shielded or protected from':
     spurious fields and

     (3) that when extraordinary electromagnetic fields are created around neural elements this can
     produce functional or organic neurological anomalies.                                                 j
     Soviet research showed that pulsed fields (such as those which appear around power lines) welt
     more effective than continuous radiation in affecting nervous system pathways.

      'For non-thermal irradiations, they believe that the electromagnetic field induced by the
     microwave environment affects the cell membrane and this results in an increase of excitability or
     an increase in the level of excitation of nerve cells. With repeated or continued exposure; the
     increased excitability leads tora state of. exhaustion pf the cells of the cerebral.cortex. This results
     in the Sechenov inhibition effect which ismanifested by the elimination of positive conditioned
   • reflexes or behavior."

      This is the same result found in studies of the effects of power line fields on human cell samples.
      One hesitates to quote such a source as the National Enquirer; but the response this article elicited
      from the Department of Defense warrants it. On June 22, 91 76, the tabloid reported that since
      1973 the Advanced Research Projects Agency had been sponsoring a program to develop a
      machine that could read minds from a distance by deciphering the brain's magnetic waves.


      [1.5]


      Extremely Low Frequency (ELF) Transmitters

      One field of research that has sparked some interest of mine is that of Extremely Low Frequency
      (ELF) Transmitters and the numerous possibilities involved in possessing one. Lets take a look at
      the possible ethical implications involved in ELF research; for example, if I were carrying an ELF
      transmitter operating at alpha frequencies, would the people around me be affected as well?
      Would these people unconsciously gravitate towards me because they'd become more.relaxed as
      they moved closer? What if a salesman were carrying an ELF transmitter? Would people be
      influenced to buy something because they were more relaxed around the salesman? Could entire
      populations be influenced to be comfortable with ideas they would normally reject?There are
      some serious ethical considerations to keep in mind when working with ELF transmitters, and
      these are only the non-malicious uses for them.

      ELF Transmitters can be used as remote weapons against people and animals...


http://www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214.html                                                              1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 35 o44


     The Soviets have been playing with the effects of Extremely Low Frequencies for over fifty years
     by studying the psychophysiological and metabolic changes and the alterations of brain function
     resulting from exposure to mixed frequencies of ELF radiation. One physiological effect which
     has been demonstrated is heart seizure on humans, dogs, and cats.

     Another possibility is the alteration of the blood-brain barrier. This could allow neurotoxins in the
     blood to cross. As a result, an individual could develop severe neuropathological symptoms and
     either die or become seriously impaired neurologically.


     What specific frequencies do what;
                                                                                                  ti
     Frequency (Hz) I Reaction

     [After 30-60 second "lock-on"]

     6-7 -------> Ringing in ears, increased blood pulse, fatigue, tightening in the chest
     6.6 ------> Causes Depression,in MOST people
     7.83 -----> Makes a person feel "good" (Schumann Resonance; Earth's pulse rate)
     SA ------> Beneficial to a persons learning
     8.6-9.8 ----> Causes tingling sensations / sleep inducing in people
     10.80 Hz --> Causes riotous behavior in people
     17 & 70 (mixed) "Psychoactive", harmful biological effects
                                                                                                  I
     (Note:

     - 6-10 Hertz are the same frequencies produced by the human brain in the
     theta and alpha states. Generally, specific brain wave frequency.ranges
     can be associated with mood or thought patterns in humans.

     - Frequencies below 8 Hertz are considered theta waves, which are said.to be associated with
     creative and insightful thought. When an artist, scientist, or hacker has the "aha"experience, there
     is a good chance he or she is in "theta mode"_

     - Alpha frequencies are from 8-12 Hertz and are commonly associated with relaxed, meditative
     states. Most people are an alpha state during the short time immediately before'they fall asleep
     and when the conscious nervous system switches over to the subconscious.

      Beta frequencies are about 12 Hertz and coincide with our most "awake" analytical thinking. For
     example; if you're solving math problem, your brain is working at beta frequencies. Most of our
     waking hours as adults are spent in the beta state.


     Medical Implications of Extremely Low Frequencies:


     - Over-exposure to ELF radiation can cause loss of shortllong team memory

     - Causes skin problems

     - Weaken the immune system (is there a link between ELF.radiation and AIDS?)

http://www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214.htmI                                                            1/23/2002
HowThe NSA Dlegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 36 of 44


     ELF TRANSMITTER (function generator) EQUIPMENT LISTING:
     [Note; Anyone with the proper electronics knowledge could use this information to build
     themselves an ELF TRANSMITTER WEAPON-like device]


     The equipment required for this experiment was easily attainable; with the notable exception of a
     stable frequency counter with .0l Hertz resolution.
                                                                                                            e.
     Accurate frequency measurements were essential for this research, so I designed and built a digital
     frequency counter capable of measuring frequency to the hundredth of a Hertz (plus or minus .005
     Hertz).

     A 100 KHz crystal Colpitt's oscillator (calibrated with WWII) was
     used as a time base and divided by ten to the seventh power to attain
     the desired resolution.

     Other equipment used is: - A Biosone II Brainwave Monitor and Myosone 404 EMG Monitor
     (Bio-Logic Devices, Inc., 81 Plymouth Rd., Plainview, NY 1.1803)

     - A Model 3011 Digital Display Function Generator (BK Precision Dynascan Corp., 6460 West
     Cortland St., Chicago, IL 60635)

     - An IBM PC compatible computer with a clock speed of 7.16 MHz (the faster the clock speed the
     better)

      - A SAC-12 A to D signal acquisition board (Qua Tech, Inc., 478 E. Exchange St., Akron, OH
      44308)

     - A Codas II video board and software release 3 (Dataq Instruments, Inc.; 825 Sweitzer Ave.,
     Akron OH 44311)

      - A Fluke 77 digital multimeter (John Fluke Mfg. Co., Inc., PO Box C9090, Everett, WA 98260)

      - A StatPac Gold statistical analysis software (Walonick Associates, Inc.,.6500 Nicollet Ave. S.,
      Minneapolis, MN 55423)

     •The transducer was a 24" diameter hand-wound coil, consisting of 1000' of #25 magnetic wire.
      The coil had a DCresistance of 32.4 ohms. It was mounted on a 26" square piece ofbakalite
      board for stability. Two dowels were mounted with plastic ties onto the board so.they extended
      24" from opposite sides of the board and the entire apparatus was secured by two microphone
      stands.

      [1.6]

      Conclusion / Contact Infonnation


      "The great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me" — a perfect quote for this particular
      paper, wouldn't you agree? To think, it wasn't until this past summer at Defcon 8 that I learned so
http://www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214.html                                                           1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 37 of 44


     much about electronic mind control and it's presence in my life.

     Our conception of reality is nothing but a dance of electronic images fired into our forebrains, a
     gossamer construction of our masters, designed so that we will not under any circumstances
     perceive the actual. Our lives, controlled by electronic connections - the media manipulator, the
     cyberneticist, and of course the government. We're nothing but the puppets, and they are the
     puppetmasters.

     Has this paper had any effect, has it changed the way you perceive your world? Are you going to
     ignore it and pretend what I've written is based on lies, or will you take the first step by admitting
     electronic mind control is real and is happening?

      We must end the incursions against our freedom, our dimity, and our humanity.


     [1 .71

     Research Subjects: Articles, Books, and Papers:

      "Biological Effects of Electromagnetic Radiation
      (Radio-waves and Microwaves) -- Eurasian Communist Countries,"

      [you can order a copy of Report No. DST-181 OS-074-761


      Puharich, Dr. Andrija "A Way to Peace Through ELF Waves," transcript of a talk delivered at the
      Understanding Convention of Astara, Upland, California, November 6, 1982. The Journal of
      Borderland Research, March-April 1983

      Baker, C.B., "New World Order & ELF Psychotronic Tyranny," Youth Action
      Newsletter, Dec. 1994; Microwave News, March/April 1998; Aviation Week,
      January 19, 1998

      Microwave Harassment and Mind-Control Experimentations published by the Association of
      National Security Alumni, Electronic Surveillance Project

      Cullen, Regina, "The Traveling Torture Chamber: Microwave Harassment,
      Gangsterism and Freemasonry." Paranoid Women Collect Their Thoughts.
      Joan D'Arc, Ed. Providence, Rhode Island: Paranoia Publishing, 1996


      Letter about CIA's Thought Detection Machines


      I am forwarding this letter on behalf of my father. the conditions described in this letter applies
      both to United states and Taiwan.

      Read on if you care about your liberty and freedom.
http://www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214.html                                                              1/23/2002
How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 38 of 44.                 .y


     My name is Alan Yu, a former lieutenant colonel in the Taiwan National Defence Department. I
     have since immigrated to the UiiiThd States ten years ago and have been naturalized as a U.S.
     citizen. I am writing this letter to inform you of a grave thereat to.the civil rights of American
     citizens and the very ideas that this nation was founded on (Life, Liberty and Pursuit of
     Happiness. This threat is a device known as the "Thoughts Detecting Machine".


     What is a "Thoughts Detecting Machine"?
                                                                                                             I,


     There are two sources of information that led to my knowledge of this machine.


     The first source is an excerpt from South China Morning Newspa of Hong-Kong in 1970's. It
     stated that an American University had invented a thoughts detecting machine which can read
     another person's thought. The initial goal of this invention was to solve severe car accident cases.
     It was supposed to be used by authorities to read the minds of the injured parties to piece together
     the entire accident. The C.I.A. learned about.this and purchased the patent on this.invention
     (South China Morning Post)." The second source is a classified military document of Taiwan. In
     the spring of 1984, I was a Lieutenant Colonel of National Defense Department of Taiwan. Tread
     a classified document from my service Dept: The document indicated that the Military Police of
     Taiwan had purchased the thoughts detection machine (In Taiwan, we translated its name to
     Psychological Language Machine) from the United States. The document was a request to the
     U.S. for parts to repair the malfunctioning machines. Before I left Taiwan, this machine had
     become the most effective equipment for the security departments of Taiwan, such as Headquarter
     ofPolice Department, Military Police, andNational Security & Investigation Department. Here
     are some of the basic operational principles of this machine and the problems that existed in
     Taiwan that arise from the usage of this machine


     1. This machine uses electromagnetic radiation waves to investigate the subject, so he who is
     being investigated will be totally unaware (Electromagnetic radiation is invisible and can
     penetrate walls, bricks, most metals and almost anything in its way). Next, it sends these collected
     brain waves to the CPU and translates these (brain waves) into words or picture to describe human
     thoyghts. Then, these pictures and words are     display                           by the
     investigators. Because the subject that's being investigated cannot see the electromagnetic
     radiation, he is totally oblivious to the fact that his thoughts are being read. This:machine will be
     used day and night without stop. Therefore, the dreams, the ideas, the inner secrets or the other
     private things of the subjectwill be revealed by this machine to these investigators. So the
     detectors just have to use the machine near where you live or work, then they will share the whole
     of your pnvacy with you.


     The process of reading the thoughts works like this; First, two machines are set up from two
     different angles. Then, both machines emit a high intensity radiation which crosses the subjects'
     brains. Then both machines are also used to receive and interpret the information collected from
     both sides. When the subjects brain waves being detected are sent to the CPU, they are
     into thoughts with words or pictures, finally appearing on the monitor which the operator can read.
     & understand.

http://www.iahfcom/nsal200l                                                                    1/23/2002
• 'How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 39 of 44


         Machine schematic)
         (                 Subject


         - -------- ( ------------
         Brain process unit             ( Radiation
         receiv ( (translates brain waves into thoughts ( Emitter

                           (with words, pictures, or languages,)

         (also translates commands into

         (electromagnetic waves which imitates

                    electrical impulse of the brain (          I
         k                                   l
         -            kI
         comman ) (monitor


         The best way of detecting thoughts are to make the subject fall asleep and dream. So the
         ~nvest'ator almost always do their jobs at night when you are asleep. But you must remember
         that they can collect your thoughts any time even when you are working. If the investigators want
         to find out any special information, there is another way which will lead the subject to continue in
         his thinking process. For example, They will use this machine to send a icture to the subject in
         his dream(or thinking process). The picture maybe a person's photo or a scene related to what e
         investigators want to know. This will lead the subject to think about this special information.


         To lead the subject into thinking about the information they need, the process work like this; First,
         the investigator will fax the icture into the C.P.U. and translate it into electromagnetic waves (it's
         frequency imitating the electrical impu ses of the brain waves.), and send to the su lectThii n.
         After the subject receives this picture in his dreams(or thinking), he will react to it in his dreams
         (or thinking). How the subject reacts in the dream(or thinking process) is just what the detectors
         need to know. This way, the subject's personalities or other histories will be totally known and
         maniuplated for use by the investigator.


         2. Whenever this machine is being operated on high frequency, it can be used to kill you. The
         beam o1 igh frequency radiation emitte4 from the machine can be aimed at our head or your
         b&iT1flhe target is your head, your central nervous system wi 1 be damaged. If the target is your
         body, your organs will be damaged. For example, If the target is your heart, it will cause heart
         problems. ou' die with earl attack suddenly or slowly depending on your body situation. If the
    http://www.jahfcomJnsaj200l 0214.html                                                            1/23/2002
'How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 40 of 44 • -


     "target is your kidney's, it'll reduce your sex ability. Even if the machine is not being operated on
       extreme high frequency, prolonged exposure to the radiation will still make a person ill and
       slowly cause his death. Thismachine can be installed intoyour automobile (or your home
      becauseh can be remote controlled. This way, the investigator can monitor w at you areihinking
      or when you are driving. They also can use high frequency radiation to interfere with your
      thinking process and make you feel sleepy while you are driving to cause a car accident on the
       highway. They will do this to get rid of the subject whom they cannot control or they don't like


      3.": (It's the most frequently used method_)
      Whenever the operators decide to get rid of their subjects, they can use this "Thoughts Detecting
      Machine" to play with the subject's mind. First, they will use the machines to find out the subject's
      secrets or intentions. Then, whereever the subject goes, the operators will meet him there and hint
      that they know his secrets. It is their purpose to make the subject feel that he has absolutely no 1
      privacy. This will give the subject the impression that everyone knows everything about him, ='
      Eventually, this will lead to paranoia and insanity. And it is NOT necessarily true_ action. Theyt`
      will use the machine to talk to the subject. The investigators do this to drive the subject crazy or
      set him up to appear as insane. Now, let me explain how it works! The human brain is not only
      responsible for thoughts, but it's also a receiver for electrical impulses from various parts of the
      body. The brain translates these impulses into actual sounds or sensations. For example, the
      human ear only collects sound waves. It then translates these sound waves into electrical impulses
      and sends them to the brain. The brain translates these impulses into actual sounds. If you can
      directly send the electrical signal (which describes the voice) straight to the subject's brain. Then
      the subject will hear the sound without actually hearing it through the ears. The ears are
      completely bypassed in this hearing process. ( there is evidence, the researchers reported "They
      have enabled deaf people to talk on the phone again by putting electrodes into the ears of deaf
      people" & "they've made a blind woman see patterns of light by putting electrodes in the back of
      her brain"—

       In a special report from the mystery of sense of Discover"
       magazine June 93)_

       The "Thoughts Detecting Machine" uses the same,principle to imitate the-frequency of electrical
       impulses and actual sounds(generated by the ears). Then, this electromagnetic wave.is aimed
       directly at the subject's brain. This will cause.the subject to hear what the operators want him to
       hear without actually hearing it.


       The above principle is the most important information by which the investigator always abuse the
       "Thoughts Detecting Machine", to drive people mad. The investigators will use this for their
       second action when they find the subjects-are strong enough and the first action didn't succeed.
       They will operate the electromagnetic waves as the electrical impulses of operator' voice (which
       are translated from operator' voice in the C.P.U) and tranmitted to the target (subject's brain). The
       subject will hear what they say as normal dialogue in a whisper, but in actuality there is no voice
       that can be heard by the ears and the sunject can't see anyone else around except himself himself.
       This way can make the subject feel as if he is suffering from paranoia.


       Jilt didn't work, furthermore, they will use the machine.to argue with. the subject to make the
       subject angry_ They are eager to.make the subject angry, and to get him so incensend that he can't
       stop arguing with the operators who are hiding! They like to conduct this exercise when there are
 http://www.iahf.com/nsa/20010214.html                                                            1/23/2002
'How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 41 of 44


      other people around the subject. Then the other people will agree that the subject is crazy because
      they didn't see anyone around there to argue with (the subject). Its the way in which investigators
      set the subject up and make it appear as if the subject is insane to others, or even make others
      think such things as that the subject was just arguing with a ghost! Then, at last, this will cause
      other people to treat the subject as insane.

       It's the most frequently used method to get rid of the subject.

       There is another way to drive people mad; P11 explain it to you as follows;

      'When they decided to operate high radiation to get rid of a person. They'll keep hurting him by
        operating the electromagnetic waves. The subject doesn't know that he is slowly being killed by
        this machine. But even if does already know what the investigators are doing, they still keep doing
       it to drive him mad. It will make the subject angry but he can't fight back because they're hiding rny.
        a machine. The subject will find out what he faces is the invisible enemy. It'll be the most terrible'
        time for him, knowing he can't find outwhere the radiation. waves are operated from. If the t'
        subject can't determine that it's another way to drive people mad. It will be. just like what had
        happened as before wliich was written on the newspaper. " Some guys shoot a gun on the street to
       `take out his anger on the Strangers, or at children in a school or atpeople in a restaurant."

      And this guy will be charged with murder, or insanity, or is killed by the police or kills himself.
      Actually, the guy isn't really crazy, he knows somebody has set•him up and it makes him angry,
      but he just doesn't have the knowledge about the "Thoughts Detecting Machine". So he never
      knows what he faces is the invisible enemy. He is hurt by someone and full of anger in his mind,
      but has no way to take out his anger on anyone he sees as responsible. It's just because there is no
      obvious enemy in front of him to fight with. By working on him day by day, the subject who be
      set up to take out his anger on everyone who he meets. He will appear to be insane to others at the
      end. The whole story is very simple to them who know the "Thoughts Detecting Machine",
      because the subject was just set up by the operators of ("Thoughts Detecting Machine").


       4.

       Who is being investigated has been treated only as a property of those doing the investigation. The
       machine uses invisible electromagnetic waves to invade people's privacy and read people's
       thoughts without a trace.of any evidence. The subject is unaware that his thoughts are being read.
       So; the operators can uses this machine on anyone as many times as he please and hurt anyone
       without any permit. The most horrible thing is that the operators always uses this machine
       depending on his mood: When the operators are in a good mood, the subject may face a treatment.
       But when the operators are in a bad mood because he does not complety understand the subject
       with this machine, the operator will take out his anger on the subject and punish the subject with
       this machine until thesubject is dead. The subject is not under any protection of law because there
       are no tracesof any evidence with the weapon ofradiation waves. The subject is treated only as
       their property. The investigators do believe that we (who are detected) belong to them (their kids
       or property) , and they can do anything to us even take away our life. Because they do everything
       b this invisible electromagnetic waves and that shows no trace of evidence. There is no IS to
       regulate this group, so. The operating ways of the "Thoughts detecting machine" has built a real,
       new slave system and treated us only as their kids and properties. In other words, their SLAVES!
                                         i~
       5
                                         i
       moving toward Communism.            f
 http://www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214.htnil                                                             1/23/2002
    The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases.Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 42 of 44,


     Since the operators use this machine to share your thoughts, your dreams, your ideas, your
     privacy, your body, and your life, (They even can hurt your body and take away you life just by
     operating the machine at high frequency). You are definitely not the true owner of yourself. No
     longer, do you belong only to yourself. The "Thoughts Detecting Machine's operators share all of
     you memories and everything that is in you mind. Which the Communists cannot even do . But
     the operators of this machine have achieved this.


     operators".

     Based on how this machine has been used in Taiwan, I should say that they trying to investigate 1f
     everyone in their country. They do not have enough agents, however, to do this. Therefore, they?
     focus their attention on investigating the key person in politics; business, science, organized
     crime, etc. These people are mayors, congressmen, highly ranked scientists, businessmen, the
     crime bosses or anyone whom they are interested in. The actions of these operators are beyond all
     logical thinking. And the law: They not only investigate criminals, but also normal people whom
     are important or they are interested in. The operators will keep their records on the subject forever.
     They will continue their investigation of same person as they like to make sure the subject is
     under their handle and control. They think it's the best way to protect the country. So if it's the
     same situationin United States, who is being investigated by<them? I believe "most of us are
     investigated by them at least once." if not all of us. If we don't make a. new law to. regulate this
     group and machine right now, the situation will only get worse. The unauthorized power of the
     investigators will extent to it's maximum. And it will be even more difficult to change in the
     future:


     7

     "Drive hinrmadhnd even to kill him?". Let me explain it to you. At the very beginning, they must
     install the machine near the subject's address whom is to be detected, from one point (the address
     of subject) to the whole residence area of the subject. And then open the whole "Thoughts
     Detecting Machine" of their agents ( each agent holds.a machine in his own address) who live
     around or near by the people who are being detected. So their agents investigate the subject in a
     normal situation or at a regular time. Once they want to drive the subject mad, no matter where he
     goes, they can meet him. anywhere and know what he            be doing. This is the way to drive
     people mad. If they try to get rid of the subiect, they will shoot the magnetic radiation waves to
     the subject from the whole "Thoughts Detecting-Machine" of their agents in the area where the
     subZct lives, with them. Then to hurt the body; the organs, even the central nerve system of the
     subject. And the electromagnetic radiation waves will shoot the target (the subject's body)
     surrounding the subject's address. It's an illegal murder by using the invisible high radiation
     waves. They're guilty but can't be hold responsible by law.


     If the above situation is correct, then this machine should already have been installed in every
     public building such as supermarkets, theaters, schools, shopping centers, train stations, airports or
     sea ports..etc, and there is a central control system of this machine in every county, then what will
     happens? The operators of the "Thoughts Detecting Machine" will just stay in the building of the
     central control system of such a machine with such high technology_ They can investigate anyone
http://www.iahfcom/nsa/20010214.html                                                            1/23/2002
'How The NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans. Eve... Page 43 of 44


       in anyplace. We'll not only have no Privacy, our lives will also be in danger. Because the detector
       can uselhe electromagnetic radiation waves to hurt anyone in anytime with no trace of any
       evidence. If the detector truly want to do so, and get rid of someone, there is no safe place for us.
       And it's not only against the law but also the worst way to treat us who live in the land of free.


       The above information has been known by me for the past ten Years because it was done to my
       Father. What I want to emphasize and point out is that "they have three steps to get rid of a
       subject whom may be out of the investjgator's control orThe investigators just don't like him". The
       first step is to drive the person mad. If they didn't succeed then the second step is to install the
       machine in the car in order to cause a car accident on a highway, and the third step is to kill off the
       ep rson slowly in his bed with high fre9uency radiation waves.

                                                                                                               f
       What I am most concerned about is the way that this (Psychological language machine), Thoughts
       Detecting Machine could & would have been used to abuse people as stated above. It not only
       read the thoughts of people and invade his privacy withoutpermission, It can also be operated as
       high level electromagnetic waves weapon to hurt punish or even kill the subjects whom are out of
       their control or they don't like. They dare to do all illegal things and can't be held responsible by
       law. It's just because they do everything using the high electromagnetic waves and there is no
       trace of any evidence. They are guilty but have escaped from the law.


       Since this machine has already been used efficiently in Taiwan, It should be used more effectively
       and efficiently in the United States -where it was originally invented. In the past ten years, they
       may have already include this machine in the city design and have been using the machine from
       the basic public safety of county to the states to the whole country, then to the international co-
       operation with foreign countries. Which means from the police department to the F.B.I. then to the
       C.I.A., all have been using this "Thoughts Detecting Machine"! And the C.I.A. keeps.the patent
       nghts of this machine.


       Tithe above situation is correct, then this machine should already have been installed in all public
       buildings, such as shopping centers, schools, supermarkets, airports, etc. Their power will be
       unstoppable. Nobody can control or stop them when they make mistakes or even do something
       against the law. Because there is no trace of any evidence with the high frequency radiation
       waves. So even the actions of some of them are illegal, they can never be held accountable in the
       court of law because there is no evidence. Nowhere is their safety and that's including our
       personal home. We will have no privacy and shall forever be threatened by high frequency
       electromagnetic radiation.


       I truly hope that our responsible reporter will have knowledge of such a machine and the harm this
       machine can bring. If the F.B.I. and police officers of our country have been using this machine to
       investigate our citizens just like Taiwan. I hope you will look into this event and take action so
       that laws can be made to regulate this machine. Then our citizen's rights which include our human
       rights will soon be given back to

       Alan Yu

       Lieutenant Colonel
 http://www.iahfcom/nsa/200I0214.htmI                                                              1/23/2002
How The.NSA Illegally And Unconstitutionally Harrases Law-Abiding Americans Eve... Page 44 of 44


     Taiwan National Defence Department


1/25/01


httpU/www.iahfcom/nsa/200                                                              1/23/2002
                                                                                                                      Y,

      International Movement fo
      the Ban of
      Radiofrequency Weapons
      Controling,
      Human Nervous System
     "In the past the individual could face risks and pressures with preservation of his own identity. His body could
     be tortured, his thoughts and desires could be challenged by bribes, by emotions, and by public opinion, and
     his behavior could be influenced by environmental circumstances, but he allways had the pAvilige of deciding
     his own fate, of dying for an ideal without changing his mind...New neurological technology, however, has a
     refined efficiency. The individual is defenseless against dicrect manipulation of the brain..." (Jose Delgado)


      "Neuroscignce is being increasingly recognized as posing potential threat to human rights"

     (from the article on the annual public meeting of the French National Bioethics Committee in
     magazine Nature, volume 391, January 22, 1998)


     On January 1999 the European Parliament passed a resolution where it (in .paragraph 27) calls "for an.
     international convention introducing a global ban on all developments and deployments of weapons which
     might enable any form of manipulation of human beings". (http://www.europarLeu.int/sg/tree/en/defaulthtm,
     click on Activities, Plenary sessions, Reports by A4... number, fill in 005). It is our conviction that this ban can
     not be implemented without the global pressure of the informed general public on the governmeets. Our major
     objective is to get across to the general public the real threat which those weapons represent for human rights
     and democracy and to apply pressure on the governments and parliaments around the world to enact
     legislature which would prohibit the use of those devices to both government and private organ¢ations as well
     as individuals.

     mbabacek@iol.cz    mdcohen@itis.com    welsh(icalweb.com                                eleanor@ravenl.net
     comelord@webtv.net      miehaeldonovan@ddaccess,com                                    JMDantzler(a~aoLcom
     SANGWIN@aol.com mtngem(awebtv.netKENDISCEYE@aol.com


     stevedelen(la rocketmail.com truthknn(a hotmail.com SamadhiW@atil.com

     Why the movement must be international?

     For the simple reason that no state will abandon its mind control technology, fearing that
     other states will use it against itsclf,,for as long as other states will not abandon it as well.

http://www.geocities.corn/CapeCanaveral/Campus/2289/webpage.htm                                              1/3/2002
      ("Russian army major, I. Chernishev, writing in the military journal Orienteer in February I997,
      asserted that "psy" weapons are under development all over the globe". Parameters, pp 38 - 46,
      U.S. Army War College Quarterly - Spring 1998, Timdthy L. Thomas: The Mind Has No Firewall
      Against PSI Warfare and Thought Control")

      For that matter national organizations for the ban of radiofrequency weapons enabling the
      control of human nervous functions should be formed all over the globe and cooperate their
      efforts. we can only encourage you to form one.

      If you wish• to join the international movement for the ban of radiofrequency weapons /
      controling human nervous system just e-mail your name, city where you reside and the state
      to one of the e-mail addresses above. The list of those who•support the ban of those weapons f.
      you will find below the references of the following article. You can add your name to the list I:
      using the same procedure (we will not publish your street address).


      PSYCHOELECTRONIC THREAT TO DEMOCRACY

      THE SECRET.ARMS RACE


      TEE RUSSIAN FEDERATION, AND THE USA BUILT RADAR SYSTEMS THArcouto
      ENABLE TnK TO CONTROL THE' MINDS OF WHOLE POPULATIONS


      SCIENTIFIC INFORMATION, MILITARY DOCUMENTS,


      WARNINGS BY CIVILIAN AND MILITARY RESEARCHERS


      CONTENTS


  1. The History — the scandal in the USA and electrical stimulation of the brain.
  Z Mind stimulating devices can alter our psyche
  3. Scien;i/ic experiments and patents - effects of electromagnetism on animal and human
     organisms and brains

     4. American military documents on the development of radiofrequency

     wepons —the nervous systemfunction is not much differentfrom the

     radio receiver

     S. The Secret arms race and hushed up scandal in the USSR

http://www.geocities.com/Capccanaveral/Caenpus/2289/webpage.htm                             1/3/2002
      6. Thought control and the invention of Igor Smirnov

      7. American radar system HAARP could be usedfor the global control of

      human minds

      8. A secret conference organized by the American National Laboratory in

     Los Alamos

     :_9. Have the radiofrequency weapons been put to use yet? '

     10. The Revolution in military affairs may result in the destruction of

     democracy
                                                                                                           2
                                                                                                           Q
                                                                                                      f
     11. Warnings by civil and militaryscientists


     HISTORY - THE SCANDAL IN TILE USA IN THE SEVENTIES AND THE ELECTRICAL BRAIN
     STIMULATION

     When in 1951 American secret services started work on the project Artichoke they have set their
     goals, as follows: "Evolution and development of any method by which we can get informatiori
     from a person against his will and without his knowledge... Can.we get control of an individual to
     the point where he will do our bidding a ninst his will and even against such fundamental laws of
     nature such as self preservation?'

     This publication in the New York Times(l)was a result of the scandal caused.by the abuse of the
     patients of the Canadian mental hospital Allan Memorial Institute. In another CIA report quoted in
     the New York Times• article it. is stated: "Many phases of the research in the control of human
     behavior involve a high degree of sensitivity. The professional' reputations of outside researchers
     are in jeopardy since the objectives of such research are widely regarded as anti-ethical: or
     illegal" (2)

     The_patients of the,Allan.Memorial Institute were used for the experiments with drugs and drastic
     psychological experiments inspired by the Soviet political processes. They were placed in total
     isolation and deprived of sensory perception. When the CIA learned that they intend to start legal.
     proceedings against the Allan Memorial Institute, they issued an order. to' destroy all the
     documents on the MKULTRA project. The reason was to get rid of the evidence of their
     involvement in the experiments and to protect other secret subprograms of the MKULTRA project.
     from leaking in the public. Even if this order might have been only fictitious The CIA omitted to
     destroy the financial records of the MKULTRA project (3). In this way in August 1977 the
     scandal broke out and some of the secret documents on the research leaked out. Among them were
     CIA memorandums on the experiment's with cats used as remote controlled microphones and dogs
     used as remote controlled bombs.
http:l/www.geocities.com/CapeCanaverallCampus/2289/webpage.htm             -                  11312002
      The signals in the nerves, in the brain and the whole body are carried by weak electrical impulses.
      The scientists who experimented since 1930 with the electrical stimulation of the brain inserted
      tiny wires (electrodes) into the brains of animals and humans and stimulated the nerves in
      different points of the brain by impulses of weak electrical current. In this way they produced
      reactions normally aroused by sensory perceptions or events inside of the organism. In .the early
      sixties the CIA experimented with the use of dogs and cats as guided microphones and bombs.
      The report on MKULTRA subproject 94 issued October 1960 read: "Initial biological work on
      techniques and brain locations essential to providing conditioning and control of animals has been
      completed.._The feasibility of remote control of activities in several species of animals has been
      demonstrated. The presenttirrvestigations are directed toward improvement of techniques" (4). The
      CIA research" staff memorandum for the deputy director of the agency of April 21, 1961 states a
      production capability: "At present time we feel that we are close to having debugged a prototype
      system whereby dogs can be guided along specific courses through land.areas out of sight.and at
      some distance of the operator... In addition to its possible practical value in operations, this
      phenomenon is a very useful research tool in the area of the behavioral sciences. Dr. (blanked .
      out} is taking appropriate action to exploit our knowledge of this area and provide adequate'
      background for the development of future Agency applications in the general areas of Influencutg
      Human Behavior, Indirect Assessment and Interrogation Aids" (4)

      In 1969 Dr. Jose Delgado, a Yale psychologist, published a book "Physical Control of the mind,
      Toward a Psychocivilized Society" (5). In this book he presented the results of the 30 years long
      research. The scientists had succeeded in mapping out the relations between different points in the
      brain and all kinds of activities, functions and sensations of humans and animals. 100 stimulations
      of one point in the bull's brain made him 100 times bellow. The stimulation of the motion center
      in the cat's brain by electric current of 1,2 miliampere made it raise his hind foot above the floor,
      at 1,5 miliampere it raised the foot by 4 cm, at 1$ miliampere it raised the foot all the way up, at 2
     miliamperes it raised the foot even during the jump and landed badly. When a man was asked to
     straighten his hand the bending of which was stimulated he replied "I think your electricity is
     stronger then my will." By means of electrical stimulation of the brain the rhythm of breathing
     and heart beat [this was even stopped for several pulses] was affected as well as the function of
     the most of the viscera - alike the secretion of the gall bladder. As well frowning, opening and
     closing of eyes and mouth, chewing, yawning, sleep, dizziness, epileptic seizures in healthy
     persons etc. were induced. The behavior aroused by stimulation was purposeful- a cat with whom
     the licking was induced was looking for something to lick. Stimulation of more superior nerves in
     the brain produced more complex movements: a monkey got to walk whenever the stimulation of
     a point in the brain started and sat back to eat its food whenever the stimulation was stopped. The
     stimulation of points in the brain where feelings and emotions reside produced decisions. A
     passive, depressed woman tore up a piece of paper when her center of anger was stimulated: "1 did
     not control myself. I had to get up and tear.", she commented. An aggressive woman, with the
     same point stimulated, got up and smashed against the wall the guitar she was playing until the
     moment. of stimulation. The intensity of feelings could be controlled by turning the knob which
     controlled .the intensity of the electric current. When the pleasure center was stimulated women
     offered. marriage to therapists. Stimulation of point in a monkey's brain stopped her maternal
     behavior toward a newborn baby. When the limbic system was stimulated the.patients vigilance
     weakened. they lost capacity to think, often they began to undress or grope and when the
     stimulation stopped they did not remember it. The closest of human inventions to nature
     documents the best experiment when the electrodes were implanted in the cat's internal ear and
     connected with an amplifier and loudspeakers. The cat's internal ear then functioned as a
     microphone converting the sounds into electrical impulses which were collected by electrodes and
     from, the loudspeakers sounded the words whispered into the cat's cars [remember the use of cats
     by the CIA as guided microphones]. John Stanton Yeomans, in his book "Principles of Brain

http://wltw.gcocities.com/CapeCanavcmUCampus/2289/wcbpage.htm                                    1/3/2002
      Stimulation" (6) of 1990 describes an experiment where, by the electrical stimulation of visual
      brain center the perception of Braille characters in blind persons was induced. They have learned
      to read them. John Stanton Yeomans writes that by the electrical stimulation of the brain hundreds
      of reactions were produced including complex thoughts.

      Jose Delgado himself became world known when he faced a charging bull, fitted with electrodes
      and with no other protection save the small black box in his hands with which he had goaded the
      bull to become further enraged. Then with the bull almost upon him, he pressed another button
      and the animal promptly stopped in its tracks. At the end of his book Jose Delgado states that the
      hope that the new power acquired by the behavioral science will remain limited to scientists or
      some charitable elite does not raise neither distant nor recent past and that the control of human
      behavior will         progress in methodology as well as in applicability. He proposed to employ
      this new knowledge  to create a "psychocivilized society".

     Gordon Thomas (the author of the book inspired by the abuse of mental patients in Montreal used
     for the CIA drug and psychological research) who, besides the CIA documents, based his book on J
     interviews with the former CIA employees describes the visit of the director of the CIA Office of
     Research and Development at the CIA directors office in 1972 where he enthused that the
     electrical stimulation of the brain was the key to creating not only a psychocivilized person but an
     entire psychocivilized society - a world where every human thought, emotion, sensation and
     desire could be actually controlled by electrical stimulation of the brain.

     If the CIA tried to use the electrical brain stimulation to produce the new generation of the lie
     detector they would have to implant the electrodes in the points in the brain where the thoughts
     origin    both the investigator and the interrogated and connect them. In the same way if they
     wished to control somebody's behavior he would have to "obey" his "boss's" thoughts. Of course
     this would be a very clumsy way to do it. But the methods of brain stimulation and registration of
     brain activity were progressing fast.

     Gordon Thomas describes in his book on the CIA mind control research (3) a "Schwitzgebel
     machine" which allegedly the CIA produced in 1972. "Using the latest computer technology (dr.
     Aldrich) developed Rubenstein`s earlier work on radio telemetry. and the unfulfilled dream... of a
     world of electrically monitored people became that much more of a reality..." The Schwitzgebel
     machine consisted of a Behavior Transmitter-Reinforcer fitted to a body belt that "received from
     and transmitted signals to a radio module". The Schwitzgebel machine was able "to record all
     physical and neurological signs in a subject from up to a quarter of a mile" (7).

     That sounds incredible, but may be it will help if we start with an explanation how the mind
     stimulators, which are available on the market, work.


     MIND STIMULATORS CAN CHANGE THE STATE OF OUR MIND

     At present time there is more than 40 types of mind stimulating machines on the market.
     Historically the first method to influence the performance of human mind was called biofeedback.
     A man could see on the screen the course of his electroencephalographic recordings and tried to
     make prevail certain waves. On the electroencephalograph the brain waves are divided into alpha,
     beta, theta and delta waves. The beta waves oscillate 14 - 40 times per second. This means their
     frequency is 14 - 40 Herz. They prevail in the brain activity when a man is concetrated on some
     task. The alpha waves frequency is 8 -13 Hz and they prevail with the eyes closed when a man is
http://www.geocities.cum/CapeCanaveral/Campus/2289/webpage.htm                                1/3/2002
      inactive. Theta waves oscillate at a frequency of 4 to 8 times per second and they dominate on
      electroencephalograph only shortly before a man falls asleep. But during the childhood the brain
      activity is dominated by those waves. The delta waves frequency is from 0 to 4 Hz and prevail
      while a man is asleep. When a man, trying to master his brain waves, succeeds in transfer to theta
      rythm while being awake,.often it happens to him that he is invaded by vivid memories from his
     'childhood, which refers to the stage of life when theta waves are dominant in the brain activity. If
      he succeeds in getting into the alpha ryt m he can remember much better what he is learning. The
      dominance.of alpha waves recedes between 16 and 18 years of age.

      Already in the 30s it was found out that the brain waves synchronize their activity to the pulsed
      light. If a stroboscope, blinking at the frequency of 10 times per second, is aimed at the human .
      eyes the EEG recordings will show .the same prevalent frequency in the brain activity. This is also
      documented by the recent mass ocurrence of epileptic seizures in Japan to the people watching on
     TV an animated cartoon where suddenly certain frequency of light signals appeared. In scientific
     language this kind of stimulation called.photic driving and it is well known that an epilepticft
     seizure can. be produced by certain frequency of orange light. By pulsed light signals it is also'
     feasible to tune the brain into alpha waves in order to remember well what one learning or into
     theta waves in order to get into a state of deep relaxation. The same effect on the human brain can
     produce rytbn is sound. It is well known how the aborigines get into trance while dancing to
     drums. The modem science found other ways how to influence human brain by sound frequencies.
     For example if you deliver one ear a sound in the frequency of 200 Hz and into the other one
     the. sound in the frequency of 210 Hz ,the electric frequency of 10 Hz will dominate in the brain,
     since large portions of neurons in the braiti will synchronize the frequency of their activity to this
     external impulse. This phenomenon is called entrainment. In other words .by means of external
     stimulation it is possible to change our brain activity and our frame of mind.. How floes this
     change happen? All the brain activity is a system of electric and chemical r actions.:The
     neuroscientist Norman Shealy measured the chemical changes in the.brain at the frequency of 7,8
     Hz which is the fequency at which the ionosphere oscillates. Norman Shealy found but that if the
     brain is tuned (by light or sound stimulation) to this frequency the production of growth hormones
     increases by 25 % as well as the production of gonadoliberin (which influences sexual organs and
     hormones) and oxytocin (which produces the feelings, of love). The production of betaendorphin
     (which causes feeling of euphory) increased substantially as well. This goes to prove thatdiferent
     brain frequencies cause the production of different chemicals in the brain and body which
     influence our mood and motivation.

     Apart from light and sound stimulators cranial electric brain stimulators are on the market. They
     act directly upon the electric frequencies in the brain. Michael Hutchinson, in the book Megabrain
     Power (8), predicts that soon there will be on the-market the systems with biofeedback which will
     make possible to watch onus dominant brain-frequencies on the screen. Those systems will store
     in their memories thousands of programs enabling the user to get in whatever state of mind and
     pass all kinds of experiences in the same way as when you are swithcing the channels on TV.
     Michael Hutchinso writes that the technology for such systems is already in existence. It is quite a
     serious question whether he is not talking here about the military technology.

     In 1986 the United States Attorney' General held a conference on the Less than Lethal Weapons.
     In the report on this conference among others is stated "Participants also discussed the use of
     various wave lengths and forms of administration of electromagnetic energy as a non-lethal
     weapon. A substantial amount of preliminary research has been conducted in this area... One
     contrence participant noted that scientific knowledge of human physiology is progressing to the
     point where it may soon be possible to target specific physiologic systems with specific
     frequencies of electromagnetic radiation, to produce much more subtle and fine-tuned effects than
http://www_geocities.com/CapeCanavemUCampus/2289/webpage.htm                                   1/3/2002
      those produced by photic driving (9)."

      SCIENTIFIC EXPERIMENTS AND PATENTS - EFFECTS OF ELECTROMAGNETIC RADIATION ON
      ANIMAL AND HUMAN ORGANISMS AND BRAINS

      In 1831 English scientist M. Faraday discovered that flowing electricity induces magnetism and
      magnetism in motion induces the flow of electric current. The condition for the transformation of
      electromagnetic energy into electrical energy is that the "receiver" is tuned to the same, frequency
      in which the electromagnetic energy is emitted. So radio waves which belong among
     `electromagnetic waves can also produce the flow of electric current in the brain if they are tuned,
      to the frequencies in which the nerve-impulses are transferred. There are two objections opposed
      to this theory. First the extra low frequencies which are produced by the activity of human brain1
                                                        a
      are way too long .to make it feasible to target 'such small object like the human being is - a 10 Hz<
      wave is about 20M00 miles long. This problem circumvented the scientists by the use             o4
      microwaves pulsed at extra low frequencies. But there the second objection comes in. question
      such signals have microwave properties'and can not penetrate the human tissue. For the answer
      that question the scientists are 'searching until present time, .but in the meanwhile they experiment
      with the frequencies of microwaves at which the electromagnetic radiation affects organismand
      brains

     The evidence for the effects of electromagnetic signals on isolated neurons published in 1975 H.
     Wachtel in the Annals of New York Academy of Sciences (10). The whole volume of this issue
     (over 500 pages), is dedicated to the Conference on "Biological Effects on Non-ionizing
     Radiation". The introductory lecture was delivered by captain .Paul Tyler, director of the U.S.
     Navy Electromagnetic• Radiation Project between 1970 and 1977. Among the reasons for his
     presence at the conference was an effort to persuade the scientists to hire psychologists on the
     research teams. In the experiment of H. Wachtel the microwaves in the frequencies of 1,5 and
     2,45 Ghz, pulsed and not pulsed induced the activity of isolated neurons.

     In 1966, Juni Chlodov and R. A. Chizenkova noted a desynchronization in the dominant rhythm of
     electroencephalogram with; rats. and rabbits whenever a magnetic field of 200 - 1000 gauss was
     turned on or off (11).

     The specialized effect of electromagnetic radiation on individual brain system was proved by
     experiments.repeated by many scientists. The irradiation of dogs, cats, rabbits, rats and frogs by
     electromagnetic fields of 2 - 5 milliwatts per square centimeter density produced
     desynchronization in basal rhythm in, the brain (12):

     The interaction of electromagnetic radiation and chemicals in the brain is documented by the
     experiment of McAffee (1961, 1962 and 1970) when irradiation of fats heads by 20 and 40
     mW/crn2 microwaves pulsed at 300, 600 and 1000 Hz during 5 minutes woke the rats up from
     narcosis (13).

      At a. conference on "Emerging .Electromagnetic Medicine" in 1989 Cpt. Tyler in his lecture
    ` quoted the research,of.Dr. Merrit who measured the decrease of norepinephrine, serotonine and
      dopamin when a field of 80 mW/cm2 was applied. All those hormones act as neurotransmitters
      into the cortex. Dopamin influences the ability to team and other cognitive abilities (14).

     In another experiment a 500Hz'signal produced release of neradrenaline in sympathetical neurons.
     Since those neurons control the muscles of internal organs and noraderenaline acts there as a
     neurotransmitter, this signal should be able to influence the activity of internal organs (IS).
http://www.geocities.com/CapeCanaveral/Campus/2289/webpage.htm                                1/3/2002
      The publication of the World Health Organization on the effects of electromagnetic radiation on
      living organisms from 1981 gives many examples of the effects of this radiation on the excretion
      of glands, chemical composition of blood, eyes (for example corneal-cataract), molecules of DNA
      and genetics, the development of organisms and behavior of animals(16). Robert Becker, in the
      book Cross•Currents (17) refers to the work of A. Liboff who proved that it is possible, b means
      of electromagnetic radiation, to stop the process of the division of th&cell in the moment when the
      cell is dividing.

       One of the military uses of those discoveries is perhaps derived from the experiment of B.
       Servantie, who in 1974, found out that rats exposed during 10- 15 days to microwaves pulsed at
      500 Hz were significantly. less susceptible, to paralyzing curare like drugs than normal rats (18). In .
       the Final Report on Biotechnology Research Requirements for Aeronautical Systems Through the
     • Year 2000 it is stated:, "Using relatively low-level RFR (radiofrequency radiation), it may be }
      possible to sensitize. large_ m'ftary, groups to extremely dispersed amounts of biological or
      chemical agent to whichTl& üñirramated popli anon wo                unmune' (rcjliothEword3ij
      the .enemy troops breathe in or drink in water those agents, it is possible to produce effects in the(
      organisms which will not.be produced in the organisms of our own troops or civil population.

      Similarly dangerous is the finding of Allan Frey that RFR can weaken the blood -brain barrier
      whicliprevents poisonous chemicals from the access into the brain (20).

      Jose Delgado also abandoned research of electrical stimulation in favor of electromagnetic
      stimulation: In 1985 Kathleen McAuliffe visited him in his laboiatory in Spain      than wrote an
      article for the magazine OMNL    Jose Delgado  showed   her how  he can make an ape fall. asleep or
      make her overactive or how he can calm down the fighting fish 'by radiofi-equency radiation.
      Important is also his experiment where the irradiation of chicken embryos by 10, 100 and:1000 Hz
      stopped their development.includina the development of hearts and veins. The experiment was
     `repHled byihe American Navy with the same results (21).

     The Office of Naval Research:has been collecting scientific reports      the biological effects of
     RFR since 1974. At present time their collection is growing by over 1000 papers each year (22).

     The great majority of published experiments was performed on animals. The experiments with
     people (as we will see later) are most probably reserved to secret military projects.

     In the already mentioned report of the World Health Organization (16) it is stated that the first
     studies on the effects of radio frequencies on human beings were performed in Poland,
     Czechoslovakia and USSR in the fifties. The research was carried out in clinics and industrial
     environment and the authors of publications (Bartanslci, Czerski, Marha and Presman) concluded
     that microwaves can cause headaches, fatigue, weakness of the body, dizziness, changes of the
     mood, confusion and sleeplessness.

     In the already quoted article in the magazine OMNI (21) Capt. Tyler says: "Probably many things
     that can be done chemically could also be done electrically. With the right electrojnawietic field,
     for example, you might be able to produce the same effects as psychoactive drugs". Apparently he
     refers to the work of English Dr. Patterson who talked about in his lecture at the conference on
     Emerging Electromagnetic Medicine. Dr. Patterson is using 'the cranial electrical brain stimulator
     which is fully programmed and automated for different groups of drugs, their combinations and
     long-tens abstination syndromes such as depression and sleeplessness.


http://www.geocitics.com/CapeCanavemUCamptisf2289/webpage.htm                                    1/3/2002
      In. the already mentioned experiment by McAffee (13) the microwaves pulsed at 30Q 600 and
      1000 Hz produced uneasiness to breath (leading even to suffocation) in rats. Capt Tyler in his
      contribution to the book "Low Intensity Conflict and Modern Technology" writes: "It has also
      been shown that normal breathing takes place at certain frequencies and amplitudes and not at
      others. Animals forced to breath at certain unnatural frequencies develop severe respiratory
      distress." lliecontecio Iüs paper those are rather the effects on people that are in question.

      In 1968, the Russian academician A.S. Presman published a book "Electromagnetic Fields and
      Life" (23) where he presented theory that electromagnetic signals have for the living matter the
      meaning of information, e.g. that they exert control over its intrinsic processes. In his book he
      mentions the experiment of S. Turlygin from the year 1937 where centimeter waves induced in
      people feelings of sleepiness and feebleness. A. S. Presman also gives in his book the history of .'
      the progress of knowledge on the effects of electromagnetic fields on the cerebral visual system
      (24). Already in 1893 a Frenchman D'Arsonval noticed that the electromagnetic held can produce
      in people a perception of a flash of light In the following years many other scientists have made
      the same observation: In 1960:1'. Jaski produced by electromagnetic signals at the fregquencies 380 : ;
      -500 MHz simple visual hallucinations. The list of literary sources at the end of the book of A.Sf
      Presman is already 28 pages long.

      The founder of cybernetics Norbert Wiener lately also concentrated on brain research. He exposed
      volunteers who did not know the principle of experiment to electric fields at I0.Hz frequency.
      When the field was turned on they complained of the feelings of uneasiness and anxiety (17).

      One of the highly respected experts working in this field, Ross Adey, who admits. that he is
      working in military research, published in 1974 the results of experiments with microwaves at
      frequency 147 MHz pulsed at 6 - 10 Hz and 450 MHz pulsed at 16 Hz. Those signals increased
      the efflux of calcium ions from nerve cells (25).

     Robert Becker, who has been twice nominated for the Nobel prize for the work in`this field of
     science, writes in the book "Body Electric" .(26) that Ross Adey have publicly expressed his
     expectation that this efflux of calcium ions would interfere with concentration on complex tasks,
     disrupt sleep patterns, and change brain function in other ways that.can not be predicted yet" (The
     calcium ions play a key role in the transmission of nerve impulses).

     In 1962 published Allan H. Frey in the• "Journal of Applied Physiology" (27) the results of
     experiments with transmission of sounds into the brain by electromagnetic radiation at a-distance
     of up to 1000 feet: The "electromagnetic" sounds were heard by deaf as well as sound people. The
     radiofrequency sound was "described asbemg buzz, clicking, hiss or knocking, depending on
     several transmitter parameters, i.e. pulse width and pulse repetition rate" ( ifequency)
     report A. Frey writes that so far only the visual system has been shown to respond to
     electromagnetic energy and he notices that "With somewhat different transmission parameters we
     can induce the perception of severe buffeting of the head.." and "Changing .L parameters "again,
     one can induce a "pins-and-needles" sensation."

     His experiment was replicated several times by other scientists (28). W. A. Guy and others
     combined the experiment with an experiment with cats (29). They were anaesthetized, paralyzed
     and placed on artificial ventilation. With their nervous system "immobilized" in this way the
     recording were made' by means of electrodes of the reactions in their medial geniculate nucleus on
     the "mdiofequency" and normal sounds. The reactions were identical and ceased to appear when
     the cochlea was disabled. So it appears that radiofrequency signals produced their effects in the

http://www.geocities.com/CapeCanaverallCampus/2289/webpage.htm                                 1/3/2002
      cochlea and from there spread into other p'arts of the brain just like normal auditory sensations.

      Another, more advanced, experiment with the transmission of radiofrequency sounds into the
      brain was published only inadvertently. Don R. Justesen used,'in the article on "Microwaves and
      Behavior" (30), the result of an experiment described to him over the telephone. conversation by
      his colleague J. C. Sharp, who worked on a military project. Joseph C. Sharp was employed on the
      project Pandora of the American Navy, officially designed to research of the radiofi'equency
      radiation enutted on the American Embassy in Moscow from the 60s until the begining of 80s. AC
      the Walter Reed Army nstitute he improved the method of A. Frey to the point that he
      transmitted into his brain words which he could understand:

      The scientific personality, which was apparently on the cutting edge at this time, was Patrick
      Flanagan. An independent researcher who in 1958, in 14 years of his age, presented to the United
      States Patent Office a neurophone, the invention which made it' possible for deaf people to hear
      (31). The device converts sound into electrical impulses. that propagate along the skin into then
      brain. For the employees of the, patent office the invention was incredible and Patrick Flanagan
      managed to persuade them that the invention could work only after 6 years when he demonstrated
     it making a deaf employee of the Office hear the first time after 15 years. But even then the
     invention did not get to the deaf people. Patrick Flanagan improved the invention technically and
     submitted it under a new patent number 3,647,970. Though his device emitted radiofrequency
     waves into the brain through the skin, he added to the accompanying text the sentences: "ihe
     simplified speech waveform can be transmitted directly through the earth or water and be
     understood either directly trom ffie:medium or after simple amp cation. The simplHi
      waveforia can easily be. encoded bry scrambling to prbvide secure voice communications." Patrick
     Flanagan believes that it was due to those lines that the United States Defense Intelligence Agencv
     placed his invention under a secrecy order as, a matter of national security.. Patrick Flanagan was
     forbidden from conducting further research or even talking about his technology for another four
     years. In the 1990s the American company Earthpulse Press who was selling neurophones had set
     up its business rpresentation in Germany. In 1996, all the same, evidently out of the fear that the
     secret military technology could get understood by the general public, the neurophone was put
     under ,a secrecy order by the U.S. Defense Intelligence agency (the news was published in
     Earthpulse Flashpoints Nol,'Earthpulse, Alaska, USA, 1996. At present time the neurophone is
     again on.the market in the USA and several other countries of the world. In the accompanying text
     to his patent P. Flanagan also writes: "The present invention involves discovery that certain
     electromagnetic waves induce reponses in the nervous system of mammals... Each individual
     nervous system is at        somewhat selective' in respect to the frequencies to which it is most
     responsive.

     There are other four patents registered with the US. Patent Office using the microwave hearing
     phenomenon. The,patent #4877027 with`the title Hearing system by Wayne B. Brunkan, issued on
     October 31, 1989. In the,abstract we read: "Sound is induced in the head of a person by radiating
     the head with microwaves in the range of 100 MHz to 10.000 MHz that ,are modulated with
     particular waveform" http://164.195.1O11/netahtml/srchnum.htm (choose the search by patent number
     and search for the number 4877027) This patent was bought by the IBM http://www.delphion.com/cRi-
     binloatsearch (and search for the number 4877027). In the' abstract of the patent #4858612 by Philip
     L. Stocklin, issued on August 22, I989 entitled "Hearing device"we read: "A method and
     apparatus for simulation of hearing in mammals by introduction of a plurality of microwaves into
     the.region of the auditory cortex" http://164.195.11/netahtml/srchnum.htm (and search for patent number
     4858612). The patent #3766331 by Zink, 'issued on October 10; 1973 is entitled - "Hearing aid for
     producing sensations in the brain" and patent # 3629521 by Andrija Puharich, December 1971 is
     entitled "Hearing systems".
http://www.geocities.com/capecanaverallcampus/22g9lwebpage.htni                                   113/2002
      Other renowned experts in this field are Elisabeth Rauscher and ing. William Van Bise. (Elisabeth
      Rauscher served as a consultant with ~SkI International, NASA and the Navy (32).). Their patent
      number 4,889,526 was granted in 1989 and it presents the invention of Wireless heart stimulator
      and pain reliever (33). In the text we read: "the beginning of the normal cardiac cycle and
      response to pain cycle originates in the mid brain and the hypothalamus with the excitation of the
      Purkinje cells and is oscillatorily propagated to the heart or source of pain respectively..., the
      present invention relates to non invasive devices which emit magnetic pulses that can penetrate
      through and interact with biological materials and potentionally all systems of the body in what is
      known as the ELF/VLF frequency range. These devices operate... without direct contact with the
      material affected... these waves at other frequencies wave forms and intensities can increase_
      dispersion and hence introduce disru.tion and biological dama:e in the system." The pain reliever
         ctions at a mixes frequencies 7,6 and 76 Hz.
                                                                                                              :F.


      Robert Becker, in his book "Body Electric" writes about an experiment by J. F. Schapitz in 1974.
      It was released voluntarily on basis of Freedom of Information Act and for that matter R. Becker.`
      takes it "with a pillar of salt". J. F. Schapitz stated: "In this investigation it will be shown that the
      spoken word of hypnotist may also be conveyed by modulated electromagnetic energy direç,ty
      into the subconcscious parts of the human brain - i. e. without employing any technical devicesfor
      receiving or transcoding the messages and without the person exposed to such influence having a
      chance to control the information input consciously." In one of the four experiments subjects
      should have been given a test of hundred questions, ranging from easy to technical ones. Later,
      not knowing they were being irradiated they would be subjected to information beams suggesting
       h answers to the questions they had left blank, amnesia for some of their correct answers and
      memory falsification of their correct answers. After 2 weeks they had to pass the test again.The
      results of those experiments were never published. Later on we will discuss the possiblities how.
      this could be done.

     AMERICAN MILITARY DOCUMENTS ON THE DEVELOPMENT OF. RADIOFREQUENCY WEAPONS
     - THE NERVOUS SYSTEM CAN BE COMPARED TO A RADIO RECEIVER

       In the 1986 the American Air Force issued a book "Low Intensity Conflict and Modern
       Technology" (19). In the foreword Newt Gingrich, member of the U.S. House of Representatives
       writes: "The United States is on the verge of a dramatic change in its ability to cope with low-
       intensity conflict... This book is a serious effort to make thinking about and working on low-
       intensity conflict easier, more understandable and more effective." The chapter on the
      "Electromagnetic Spectrum in Low Intensity Conflict" wrote Capt. Paul Tyler. At the beginning
       he quotes "Final Report on Biotechnology Research Requirements for Aeronautical Systems
       Through the Year 2000" issued by American Air Force in 1982: "Currently available data allow
       the projection that specially generated radiofrequency radiation (RFR) fields may pose a powerful
      and revolutionary antipersonnel military threats... the increasing understanding of the brain as an
     ,electrically mediated organ suggested the serious probability that.impressed electromagnetic fields°
      can be disruptive to purposeful behavior and may be capable of directing and or interrogating such
       behavior. Further, the passage of approximately 100 miliamperes through the myocardium can
      lead to cardiac standstill and death... A rapidly scanning RFR system could provide an effective
      stun or kill capability over a large area. System effectiveness will be a function of wave form,
      eif f flntensity, pulse width, repetition frequency, and carrier frequency."

     The last line defines the technical principle of the control of cerebral functions. Though it is too
     short to provide the understanding of how such a technology may work. It is generally known that
     the information inside of the brain is "translated" and transferred by a number and frequency of
     nerve impulses, while the intensity of the feeling or perception usually corresponds to the intensity

http://www.geocities.com/CapeCanaveral/Campusl2289/webpage.htm                                     1/3/2002
     of electrical current Another phenomenon generally accepted in the modern scientific literature is
     a synchronization of frequencies of emitted nerve impulses in different parts of the brain in
     reaction to the stimuli which catch the attention of the brain (34). Per E. Roland from the
     Laboratory for Brain Research and Positron Emission Tomography at the Karolinska Institute in
     Stockholm, Sweden, engaged in the research of brain activation in reaction to different stimuli. He
     studied the influx of blood, bringing the nutrition to. the activated areas of the brain. In this way he
     was finding the different areas or columns of neurons which got activated iii reaction to different
     stimuli. He writes that looking-at the distribution of those activated areas in the brain, he can tell
     what is the subject a person is thinking about Then he asks a question whether those so called
     "metabolical columns" have common electrophysiological properties, e.g. whether their electrical
     activity is identical. The reply to this question he finds in the work of German scientists
     Schopman and Stryker from 1981 who "showed that in the visual. cortex of the cat, the metabolic
     columns .corresponded with electrophysiologically defined columns in which the neurons bad
     orientation specificity for the stimulus used." This means that different stimuli produce in the
     brain different electrical events. In the opposite direction Whitsel and Juliano (1989) found that
     "metabolic columns only occurred at cortical locations where the neurons possessed'
     electrophysiologically defined functional properties related to the stimulus." Skarda and Freematr
     (1987) and Singer (19%) "advanced the concept that neurons in different active colum
     synchronize their electrical oscillatory activity in response to optimal inputs" (35). Or, in other
     words, the neurons in those areas synchronize.their firing in the same frequency.

      Wolf Singer (36) describes an experiment where two. different stimuli produced at the same time
     are observed in the brain. They were "represented by two independently oscillating acsPmblies of
     cells.". According to Wolf Singer the differences in: brain activity reaction'to different stimuli
     are represented by different groups of neurons oscillating in different frequencies. Walter J.
     Freeman, who has already for years measured the brain activity in reaction different stimuli by
     many microelectrodes at the same time, presented already in 1975 a hypothesis "that a novel
     external stimulus is broadly transmitted from the primary sensory cortex or thalamus to other parts
     of the cortex.., transmission occurs at some characteristic frequency; and., reception occurs in...
     sets tuned to that frequency" (37). (Electroencephalographers have no doubt that those are those
     synchronizations which appear on the EEG recordings and are already capable to recognize on
     EEG recordings the single words perceived by the subject - see Continuous Wave-Form Analysis,
     journal: Electroencephalography and Clinical Neurophysiology, supplement no. 45, 1996, page
     64).

    And what happens when an external electromagnetic frequency.is applied to the brain? H. Frolich
    from the Department of Physics at the University of Liverpool, England, writes: oscillations
    produced by coherent excitation of a single polar mode "yield.long range, frequency selective,
    interactions between systems with equal excitation frequencies" (38). In other words.it is basically
    the frequency of nerve impulses e.g. frequency of electrical currents e.g. - from military point of
    view - frequency of electromagnetic waves that defines the activity of the brain, and we can
    always bypass the physical perception by electromagnetic signals which will produce, in the brain,
    the same electrophysiological events as would be produced by the perception or other events in
    the orgamsm. It means the events m the brain can be produced ."synthetically" from the outside.
    those findings are supported as well b'5' the, experiments. of Allan Frey and W. Guy where
    electromagnetic "accoustic" signals , when juned to the electrophysiological.properties of cochlea
    or to. its natural frequencies and pulse widths, produced in the brain the same events as a normal
    sound. The same, though electrical, procedure are usmg cochlear implants which are, at present
    me implanted to deaf people. When the parameters of the transmitter (i.e. frequency, pulse
    ti
    width etc.) were changed, it was another brain area which resonated with the electromagnetic
    signals and so the feeling of severe buffeting on the head or pins and needles sensation was

http://www.geocities.conVCapeCanaveral/Campus/2289/webpage.htm                                   1/3/2002
       induced. The changed transmitter parameters resonated with another receiver in the brain, which
      caused there different type of frequency synchronizations. The same effect reflects also the note of
      Capt. Tyler that "normal breathing takes place at certain frequencies and amplitudes but not at
      others." The radiofrequency radiation, when tuned to its frequencies and amplitudes, hits the part
      of the brain which controls the breathing and imposes another rhythm of breathing or even stops it
      (remember that Jose Delgado could produce the same effect by means of electric stimulation of
         e brain). So the Patrick Flanagan`s neuro hone works in pretty much the same way as a radio
      transmitter whose broadcasting is adjusted to the "receiver Pic g up the signal w 'ch, in this
      case, apnts tobëochlea. if we want to broadcast forither receiver in the nervous system,
                     to know its parameters to be able to broadcast the information or frequency to which
      the receiver is tuned up. Just like when tuning our radio receiver we choose the frequency at
      which its internal circuits will resonate and the result is that we listen to the radio station which
      we have chosen. John Marks, in his book on CIA mind control research quotes one of CIA
      research veterans recalling a colleague's joke: ' you could find the natural radio frequency of a
      person's sphincter, you could make him run out of the room real fast. (43)" Different frequencies
      usedfllThE E ieii           ith animals also Jose Delgado. But this time the only case when the /
      results of his work were presented to public was the article by Kathleen McAuliffe in OMNI
      magazine. Robert Becker, since she is friend of his, instructed her before her trip to Spain, what
      questions she should ask Jose Delgado (17). One of those questions was whether, aside of
      frequencies, other parameters of the transmitter can make difference. Probably being bound by
      national security information law, Jose Delgado did not answer most of the questions prepared by
      R. Becker. Anyway the waveforms, _intensity of the electric current, the pulse width and carrier
      frequency are being quoted in the scientific papers on experiments.

     Captain Tyler, in the continuation of his paper on Electromagnetic Spectrum in Low Intensity
     Conflict also quotes a scientific work (39) presenting the evidence (though not very important)
     that the biological effects of millimeter waves depend on the applied frequency and comes
     forward with the conclusion: "Because of many parameters involved and the apparent specificity
     of each parameter one can tailor a specific response. The ability to have this kind of flexibility
     provides an enormous range of options to the user. It opens the door for providing an appropriate
     response in warfare, be it conventional or unconventional." Of course he does not support this
     statement by the results of secret military experiments. Frequently he took part in scientific
     conferences, but he talked there only about the work of other scientists which is unusual.
     Normally every scientist talks about his own research., but again it is not difficult to understand
     that he can not publish the secret military research. If you object that the range of frequencies in
     which the human nervous system works is too narrow to provide for so wide choice of reactions,
     Capt. Tyler writes: "There are unconfirmed reports that change of 0.01 Hz can make a difference."
     The word "unconfirmed" he uses rather inappropriately since many experiments and patents are
     defining the used frequencies in hundredths of Hertz. In addition in the neocortex (the latest layer
     of the human brain) apparently prevail frequencies from 35 to 75 Hz (34, 35) (those frequencies
     do not appear on EEG so they were until recently unknown).

     Jose Delgado also told to Kathleen McAuliffe that electromagnetic radiation, causing reactions in
     the brain, produces there electric currents hundreds of times weaker than necessary to induce the
     nerve impulse. Capt. Tyler answers this question as well, using his knowledge of modem
     scienti is literature, he writes: "intrinsic electromagnetic fields play a key role in a wide range of
     biological functions, includin ... information transfer and storage, .articularly in the central
     nervous system." Those lines mean a revolution in a understanding of the nervous system
     functioning: "Some recent theoretical research has looked at the classical neuronal synapse and
     proposed that... it must be a quantum mechanical event." This aims to support the results of
     experiments with entrainment of brain activity by external electromagnetic radiation. The

http://www.geocities.com/CapeCanaveral/Campus/2289/webpage.htm                                   1/3/2002
      scientific research based on those experiments is -theorizing that the nerve impulse is evoked not
      only by electrical impulses advancing along nerve fibers, but also by the effect of electromagnetic
      waves coming from surrounding neurons and perineuronal cells Ross Adey supports this theory
      by measurements of electromagnetic oscillations iii pericellular fluid and glia cells by means of
      microelectrodes (40). Of course, if it is true that electromagnetic oscillations play a role in the
      transfer of information inside of the brain, we can understand why the external, electromagnetic
      radiation can control the activity of the brain. (Note: still in 1983 at the conference on the
      Nonlinear Electrodynamics in Biological System (41) the scientists only.theorized on how this
      radiation propagates inside of the tissue and how does it get there. Ross Adey himself, in the
      introduction to the book covering this conference admits that: "Experimental knowledge in this
      area has grown rapidly in the past decade, and in some respects has outstripped theoretical models
      adequate to explain these- new observations         To complete the information - in the brain'
      functioning the nonlinear wave mechanics.are at work and for the computations the mathematics
      of chaos are applied. Also the brain does not react to the radiation that does not carry th
      biological information (43)).                                                                    l~.r
     From the paper of. captain Tyler we did not learn anything about the.projects of the American
     Navy he was working for. Robert Becker, in his book Cross Currents presents the report cok g
     from the Microwave Research Department at the Walter Reed Army Institute, where 'IC. Sharp
     carried out his: experiment with the transmission of words into the brain by radiofrequency
     radiation. The report deals with the effects of pulsed microwaves on nervous system and describes
     the division of testing. program into four parts: 1) prompt debilitating: • effects; 2)_ prompt
     stimulation auditory effects (remember J.C. Sharp one more time) 3) work interference (stoppage
     Affects). 4) effects on stimulus controlled behavior. The report presents this conclusion:
     "Jicrowave pulses appear to couple to the central nervous stem and- roduce stimulation similar
     to electrical stimulation unrelated to heat"142). the r ea that with the electromagne c       on
     of the brain the same effects can be produced as with electric stimulation, as Jose, Delgado
     described it, is dismaying, but apparently true                       .. - .

     American Air Force, according to the Final Report on Biotechnology Research Requirements for
     Aeronautical Systems Through the Year 2000, divided the research of radiofrequency weapons
     into three areas:

     1) Pulsed RFR Effects" - projected research since 1980 until 1995

     2) "Mechanisms of RFR with Living Systeins" referred to as.

     "continuation of ongoing research" beginning in 1980 and forecast to

     conclude around 1997

      3) "RFR forced disruptive phenomena" - starting around 1986 with the projected continuation
      until 2010. In the second volume of .this report it is stated that the work on the project is
      progressing according to the schedule or in advance. The last area of research is in the second
      volume redefined: "While initial attention should be toward degradation of human performance
      through thermal loading and electromagnetic field effects, subsequent work should address the
      possibilities of directing and interrogating mental functioning, using externally applied
     'fields..." (44). This formulation is probably not clear on purpose, but the message looks clear - the
      intent of the project should be to collect electromagnetic waves emanating from the brain and to
      transmit them into another brain that would read a person's thoughts or to use the same procedure


httpi/www.geocities.com/CapeCanaveral/Campus/2289/webpage_htm                                    1/3/2002
      in order to impose somebody else's thoughts on another person's brain and in this way direct his
      actions. If it is true what Wolf Singer tells about brain events always differing by frequencies of
      synchronizations among different brain cells then it is not impossible to find the thoughts
      frequencies. From the Iayman`s point of view the most difficult task is to pick up the brain waves.
      On Internet pages of IBM Intellectual Property Network you can find a patent number 03951134
      (http://www.delphion.com/egi-bin/patsearch and search for the patent number 03951134). The device,
      described in the patent, is capable to pick up at distance the brain waves of a person, process them
      by a computer and emit correcting waves which will change the original brain waves.

      The military documents quoted here are accessible to the public though they are not published in
      the newspapers. Our guess is that they are there in order to get the public ready to accept the use
      of the technology that is already at hand and sometimes in use. If you will just only read this text,
      without following up with an action, you will support this course of events.

      THE SECRET ARMS RACE AND THE HUSHED UP SCANDAL IN THE USSR

      Robert Becker, in the book "Body Electric" was probably the first American to publish the
      presence of the Soviet, so called psychoactive, signal in the USA. According to him the sigrfal
      appeared on the bicentennial celebration of July 4, 1976. Robert Becker writes that the signal
      varies up and down through the frequencies between 3.26 and 17.54 MHz and is pulse-modulated
      at a rate of several times a second. Its source was located at a giant transmitter near Kiev in the
      USSR. As-to the effects of the radiation, Robert Becker is not quite sure, but he writes: "The
      available evidence.., suggests that the Russian woodpecker is a multipurpose radiation that
      combines a submarine link with an experimental attack on the American people" (20). Officially
      the Soviet radiation was never decoded as well as the radiation broadcasted at the American
      Embassy in Moscow, though for the analysis of this radiation the project Pandora was launched
      by the American Navy. Robert Becker mentions also the possible American retaliation. He writes
      about an American reporter, Stefan Rednip, who claimed, in 1978, that he gained access to
      purloined CIA documents "proving the existence of a program called Operation Pique, which
      included bouncing radio signals off the ionosphere to affect the mental functions of people in
      selected areas, including Eastern European nuclear installations."

     John Marks, the book "CIA and Mind Control - the Search for Manchurian Candidate" quotes
     one of the CIA researchers from the era of MKULTRA project: "The rest of the world didn`t ask
     until 1976 the type of questions we we're facing in 1965... Everybody was afraid of building the
     supersoldier who would take orders without questioning like the kamikaze pilot. Creating a
     subservient society was not out of sight. (45)"

     It is difficult to assess which of the superpowers was behind in this area in 1976 and which one is
     behind today. Certainly since the appearance of the Soviet signal in the USA several articles
     appeared in the U.S. press publicizing the Soviet national security information pertaining to the
     development of the equipment influencing human body and psyche since the Soviet signal
     appeared in the USA in 1976. According to the information I did not manage to verify already in
     November 1976 the Los Angelos Herald-Examiner published an article entitled "Mind-Altering
     Microwaves, Soviets Studying Invisible Ray". The author of the article writes: "A newly
     declassified U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency report says - extensive Soviet research into
     microwaves might lead to methods of causing disoriented human behavior, nerve disorders or
     even heart attacks..."

     Another article on this subject wrote John B. Alexander, who later became the director of Los
     Alamos National Laboratory, in 1980 for the monthly Military Review. He writes: "... there are

http://www.geocities.com/CapeCana veral/Campus/2289/webpagc.htm                                 1/3/2002
      weapon systems that operate on the power of the mind and whose lethal capacity has already been
      demonstrated:.. the ability to heal or cause disease can be transmitted over distance thus inducing
      illness or death for no apparent cause... The application of large-scale ELF (extra low frequency)
      behavior modification could have horrendous impact... mind-to-mind thought induction
      techniques are also being considered.." As a source of information John B. Alexander indicates
      two Defense Intelligence Agency reports released through the Freedom of Information Act (or in
      other words declassified). On. the American research he writes: "The U.S. government is reported
      to have funded some research projects, but these have not been published" (46).

      In about 1985 the American CNN TV station broadcasted in the "Special Assignment" series a
      program .on Russian electromagnetic weapons (47). The first part concentrated on directed energy
      weapons. There was talk about weapons capable to cook people alive (recall microwave oven) and
      knock out computers and electronic surveillance and communications gear. In this way the
      airplanes and guided missiles could be placed out of use. The directed energy weapons could also
      produce the explosions in the extent of nuclear explosions which would not cause radioactivity.
      The Americanmilitary experts accerted that the Soviets are ahead.of the USA in this research.

      The second part of the broadcasting was dedicated to Soviet research of radiofrequency mind
      control weapons: Though from the beginning, the subject was the Soviet research, the American
      scientists conveyed rather their own research experiences. Jose Delgado said: "Any function of the
      brain -...emotions, intellect, personality - could we perhaps modify by this non-invasive
      technology" and "the beauty is that now we are not using electrodes."

      Instead of the expert from the. American Navy who wished not to reveal his identity spoke an
      actor. He repeated in short what captain Tyler told to Kathleen McAuliffe about the substitution of .
      psychoactive drugs by radiofiequency radiation and what captain Tyler wrote in the book Low
      Intensity Conflict and Modem Technology: "Apparently there are specific sites involved, specific
      functions involved Its a matter of matching up just like it is with a pill or a drug, to cause an
      effect you could have a cause and effect relationship between a magnetic field and a biological
      function".

     Next eng. William Van Bise and Elisabeth Rauscher demonstrated on the moderator the induction
     of visual hallucinations by "RF (radiofrequency) mind interference machine". The blindfolded
     moderator can see parabola and than a spike. Eng. Van Bise and E. Rauscher assert that they
     constructed the machine using the data found Soviet scientifique literature, but Robert Becker,
     in his book "Cross Currents" (17) writes about this machine being invention of eng. Van.Bise and
     E. Rauscher themselves. It is difficult to believe that such instructions could be found in the
     Soviet scientific literature, as well.

     Next, in the CNN program perhaps the first time in the American mass media, the presence of the
     Soviet "psychoactive "signal in the USA-was disclosed Robert Becker, in contrast with what he
     wrote in his book, said that "The signal range within which the Woodpecker operates is-that which
     has been reported by many investigators to produce a tranquilizing effect on animals". "Captain
     Tyler" commented on it that "It's possible to entrain a certain percentage of a population,
     apparently, with weak magnetic fields:"

     In-the conclusion "Paul Tyler" and dr. Fraser from the American Air Force assert that they worked
     on American projects of radiofrequency weapons, but that the Navy as well as the Air Force
     "never followed up". This is in contradiction with the project of the American Air Force quoted in
     the last chapter of this booklet.

http://www.geocities.corn/Capecanaveral/CampusI2289/webpage.htm                                1/3/2002
      In April 1993 the Russia declassified the electromagnetic weapon capable to destroy any object in
      the atmosphere "no matter whether it is a missile.., an airplane or any other artificial or real
      heavenly object of the type of meteorite" (48). It means that so far only the first part of the CNN
      broadcasting, on directed energy weapons, was declassified in Russia.

      According to another report "made available" by the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency to the
      magazine The Enquirer: "Russia is deeply involved in researching ways to use microwaves to
      induce disease, control minds and even kill..." The article states that "Microwaves have been used
      to produce heart attacks in frogs" (but according to Robert Becker (20) the same experiments
      carried out Allan H. Frey), and in people "headaches, fatigue, perspiring, dizziness, menstrual
      disorders, irritability, tension, drowsiness, sleeplessness, depression, forgetfulness, and lack of
      concentration "(49) - recall Ross Adey.

     According to the report by the peace activist Kim Bealy, the women who at the end of 70s and
     beginning of 80s blocked the American base at Greenhorn Common in Great Britain suffered from
     severe headaches, drowsiness, menstrual bleeding at abnormal tunes,... temporary paralysis, faulty;:
     speech coordination..., vertigo, retinal bleeding, burnt face (even at night), nausea,
     disturbances, lack of concentration, irritability, disorientation, loss of memory and a sense f
     panic in non-panic situations (I underlined the concurrent symptoms - it is a matter of question
     whether the American Defense Intelligence Agency had ever gained access to the Soviet secret
     research documents.) From the same symptoms suffered the women's visitors in the course of
     their visits. Strong signals up to one hundred times the normal background level were detected by
     members of Electronics for Peace and by others... signals 10 times stronger than those felt to be
     emanating from normal base transmitting systems were found.

     In the Enquirer's article also another Pandora researcher, dr. Milton Zarret, admitted that the U.S.
     Navy experimented with human volunteers inducing "an early stage of heart disease".

     At the end of 1990 the American daily Washington Post brought an article voicing the American
     armed forces and intelligence services alarm over the Russian progress in the development of
     extrasensorial capacities: "According to the communications of Russian defectors Russians have
     success in influencing human behavior, changing human feelings and health condition, incurring
     unconsciousness and even killing people... In one of the documents from the headquarters of the
     Intelligence Service at the American Department of Defense it is stated that the Soviet
     experiments impose on the recipient disquietude combined with shortwindedness (recall the
     remark by Capt. Tyler about the respiratory distress) , and the feeling of severe buffeting on the
     head (recall the experiment of Allan Frey)... Some western observers of extrasensorial
     developments are alarmed... by inauspicious effects of methods of subconscious influencing when
     used against the U.S. staff operating the nuclear missiles" (50).

     This time, with the central power in the Soviet Union weakened under the Gorbachov`s regime,
     the Russian daily Komsomolskaya Pravda opened an investigation into the facts justifying these
     hints. In an article of November 14, 1990 A. Oehtarin, the candidate of technical sciences,
     expressed the opinion that in principle it is feasible to construct the "enslaving machine" and that
     it is not out of question that it is under construction. But already in the article of January 25, 1991
     (51) the director of the Institute of Neurology of the Soviet Academy of Sciences told the
     journalists that it is possible to change the mood of a man by means of electric signals, but not to
     break his self-control , thus denying the results of research of Jose Delgado. At the question
     whether it is possible to produce the same effect by influencing the electromagnetic field of the
     brain he replied that he does not know anything about it.

http://www.geocities.com/CapeCanaveraVCampus/2289/webpage.htm                                     1/3/2002.
        Anyway, during the failed putsch against Gorbachov, in August 1991, the general Kobets warned
       the defenders of the Russian White House against the possible use of psychotronic weapons (52).
       Shortly after the putsch, on August 27, Komsomolskaya Pravda published the statement by Victor
       Sedletski, the vice president of the League of Independent Scientists of the USSR, where he
       wrote: "As an expert and juridical personality I declare: In Kiev (and this is serious) the mass
       production ... of psychotronic biogenerators was launched. I can not assert that during the coup
       d`etat exactly the Kiev generators were used... All the same the fact that they were used is evident
       to me. What are the psychotronic generators? It is an electronic equipment producing the effect of
       guided control in human organism It affects especially the left and right hemisphere of the cortex.
       This is also the technology of the U.S. project- Zombie 5. Similar work is done in the Soviet Union
       (especially in Kiev in the Institute for the Research of Materials. The laboratory of one of its
       sections is located in the living quarters of the city. There are located biogenerators produced by
    •' the Octava factory. I am drawing on my personal experience and I can tell that I am myself the
       author of the model of such a generator. I completed my work in August 1990... Why the system
       failed in the days of the putsch? The putschists, having no experience, did not know, that to gets
       the desired reaction the brainwashed soldiers must not,be allowed to mingle with the crowd in then
       streets" (53).

     When the reporters from Komsomolskaya Pravda, aftei the publication of this statement, tried to
     reach Victor Sedletski, the director of the Institute for the Research of Materials;. where V.
     Sedletski worked, V. Trefilov, told them that Victor Sedletski left Kiev and it is not known, when
     he returns: He also denied that his institute possesses a psychotronic generator. Paradoxically if
     Viktor Sedletski was put on trial for disclosing a National Security Information, it would have for
     effect the confirmation of his statement and the National Security Information would be broken.

     Having failed with V: Trefilov the, reporters visited in Kiev the Institute of Interdisciplinary
     Scientific-Engineering Center "Natural Resources". Its director, A. Krasyanienko told them that
     he knows in the USSR at least 10 teams capable to construct such a device. On September 27
     appeared in Konisomolskaya Pravda another article where parts of the government project for the
     development of those weapons were published:

     "remote medicobiological influence on troops and population by means of torsional radiation,
     remote      psychophysical      influence     on, troops., and        population     by" torsional
     radiation", (Komsomolskaya Pravda admits the, electromagnetic radiation as, a synonym to
     torsional radiation). The: government project presented. to the journalists E. Alexandrov, the
     member correspondent of the Soviet Academy. of Sciences. For the realization of those projects
     the center Vent was established, by the State Council for Science and Technology. The center was
     financed by the Ministry of Defense and according to its director A. Akimov the funding, coming
     also from Military-Industrial Commission at the Ministerial Cabinet of the USSR and KGB,
     amounted to half a billion of the Soviet rubles. Under the direction of the Center Vent was
     working 26 scientific institutions, but the leading,institute was the Institute for the Research of
     Materials in Kiev where Victor Sedletski, worked, and whose director had denied that they would
     be in possession of a psychotronic generator. The list of the institutes working on the project was
     a result of work of the reporter of the daily Nezavisimaya Gazeta O. Volkov. Those information's
     were confirmed also by the daily Troud .in an article of April 4, 1992. This daily found the
     confirmation of: the budget of half a billion rubles in the directive of the Committee for the
     Science and Technology ;of the USSR, dated July 4, 1991.

     On November II, 1992 another Russian daily, Pravda, printed an article on this subject where the
     director of the Center Vent, A. Akimov, told that "as a result of experimental work there is at the
     hands everything necessary to produce the factory samples" and that "torsional tields... are
http://www.geocities:com/Capecanaveral/Campus/2289/webpage.htm                                  1/3/2002
      capable to relay information with no barriers to stop them" (55). Perhaps he was talking about the
      communication system "proposed" to the American military by Patrick Flanagan in the second
      version of his patent. As well it is possible that the term "information" had here a broader meaning
      as defended by A.S. Presman: "electromagnetic field exerts an influence on the informational
      interactions in the organism".

      IGOR SMIRNOV'S DEVICE AND THE THOUGHT CONTROL

       In the years 1993 and 1994 American weeklies Defense Electronics (56), Newsweek (57) and
       Village Voice (58) published the information that Igor Smirnov from Moscow Academy of
       Medicine demonstrated for the U.S. secret services and FBI experts a device which was capable to
      subliminally implant thoughts in peoples minds and in this way control their actions. According to
      those news the FBI considered the use of this device against David Koresh during the siege in
       Waco. In reaction to this publication of the Russian National Security Information first the
      Russian newspaper Pravda (59) wrote on March 6, 1994: "Village Voice printed "scandalous
      news" that Russians are capable to control human behavior..." Two weeks later the Russian;-
      weekly the Moscow News (60) printed a long article on Igor Smirnov.The author writes that
      Sminov uses, for medical purposes, a device broadcasting into the human ears "noises" which
      contain questions. Those questions are not audible for the patient but perceptible to his brain and
      the brain answers those questions. The answers are registered by the electroencephalograph and
      analyzed by a computer. In this way Igor Smirnov performs a very fast psychoanalysis. Then,
      again using the "noises" played together with music, the healing messages are sent into the human
      brain, which the patient will obey. According to the author of the article Igor Smirnov added: "Do
      not forget, in your denigrating note, to precise our goals - to heal and teach. And do not assign
      us others - inhuman ones." A participant in the meetings with Igor Smirnov in the USA (wishing
      to remain in anonymity) is quoted in the article in the Defense Electronics as saying: "the
      intelligence agencies... had been tracking Smirnov for years..., we know there is evidence the
      Soviet Army's special Forces used the technology during the conflict in Afghanistan."

     Anyway the article in Moscow News does not explain in which way Igor Smirnov creates the
     noises broadcasted into the brain.

     The French doctor, Alfred Tomatis, played into the ears of children, suffering from autism,
     hyperactivity etc. the voice of their mother and other sounds in the frequencies higher and lower
     than those that can be heard, and it was a successful treatment (8). In 1984 the American House of
     Representatives had forbidden the use of high frequency inaudible messages in the East Coast
     chain of supermarkets. Mixed into the music they played to customers inaudible messages of the
     kind: "Do not steal. Make a lot of shopping." Within 9 months they saved in this way 600.000
     dollars. Most probably this is the way Igor Smirnov creates his "noises". But there is still another
     possibility how to deliver them into the human brain - and this is electromagnetic transmission. It
     can not be a very complicated problem to transcode those high frequency messages into
     electromagnetic signals just the same way the radiofrequency sound can be transmitted into the
     human brain.

     When the journalist from the Moscow News asked Igor Smirnov whether he could make people
     vote for certain person in the elections he replied: "In principle it can be done. And it is not
     difficult. But not interesting." He could have in mind either placing of ultrasound "noises" into the
     radio or TV broadcasting or, as well, electromagnetic implanting of those noises into brains by
     means of special radars. About his participation in Waco Igor Smirnov narrated: "I suggested that
     voices of children and families inviting the suicidal people back home could be mixed with the
     noise of police car engines (the building was surrounded with them)." FBI then did not proceed

http://www.geocities.cum/Capccanaveral/Campus/2289/webpage.htm                                  1/3/2002
      with his proposition when he guaranteed only 70% of a chance for success. This account is in
      keeping with what the Defense Electronics wrote. Haifa year later the Newsweek wrote:

     "Sources tell Newsweek that the FBI consulted Moscow experts on the possible use of a Soviet
      technique for beaming subliminal messages to Koresh. The . technique uses inaudible
     transmissions that could have convinced Koresh he was hearing the voice of God inside his
     head" (57). Let us assume that "inaudibility" meant that no one else would hear the voice of God
     but Koresh and that even him would hear it only inside his head. When Allan Frey did his
     experiments with beaming sounds into people's brains they located them inside their heads or just
     behind it. So in Newsweek`s account David Koresh would hear inside his head electromagnetic
     broadcasting of the"voice of God". A month later the deputy chief of the FBI`s technical services
     division, Steve Killion, told the journalists from Village Voice: "In 'the normal course of your
     negotiation with the individual by telephone,      can impress a coded message.:. It is not realized
     consciously by the individual, but subconsciously, subliminally they understand it" (58). This time
     it could have been done again by means of "noises" played into telephone. Another half a year, .>
     later, in August 1994, the Newsweek published an interview with. Igor Smirnov. In thd>
     introduction they write that FBI asked advice from Smirnov during the siege at Waco and tjfe
     solution proposed by Smirnov they describe as follows: FBI wanted to "pipe subliminal messages
     from .sect member's families through the telephone lines into the compound For David Koresh
     the group's leader... the FBI had in mind a special voice: God as played by the venerable actor
     Charlton Heston" (61). In this case the sect members would be influenced by
     "electromagnetic" (otherwise they would. not be transmitted through the telephone lines) high
     frequency voices of their relatives, and David Koresh would hear in his head the radio
     broadcasting of the voice of God played by Charlton Heston. The FBI would have to find the
     individual frequencies of the sect members if the idea was to work out

     The electromagnetic broadcasting of inaudible speech could have been used in the experiment of
     J. F. Schapitz. He spoke about electromagnetic transmission. But since he wanted, as an
     introductory experiment, to record brain waves of a man who took drugs and then emit those
     waves back into the brain of this man instead of the drugs, it seems. possible that he. had in mind
     transmission of thoughts from one brain into another.

      In. October 1994 appeared, again in Moscow News (62), an article on American Non-lethal
     weapons where we can find the following lines: "The FBI, in 1994, studied the possibility of the
      use of nonlethal technologyy against David Koresh. FBI then informed Russians about technology
     that enables them to transmit to Koresh subconscious signals: In this way the FBI wanted to
     assume the role of the voice of God." The author of the article, gives as his source of information
     the American and French press. It is possible that at Waco two diferent technologies were
     considered: one American and the other Russian (according to the Judy Wall article in Nexus
     magazine - October/November 1998, "Military use of Mind Control Weapons", the BBC program
     on events in Waco contained video footage of three EM weapons) . But as well it is possible that
     those lines served as a warning for Americans that the Russians, too; may. disclose-the American
     National Security Information. I am not aware of another breach of this Russian national security
     information in the American mass media since then until April 5 1999 when The New York
     Times, probably in reaction to the split with Russia over the crisis in Yugoslavia wrote "Under a
     top-secret project known as Bonfire, Soviet_ scientists in 1989 discovered "a new class of
     weapons"...that could "damage the nervous system, alter moods, tsjgger psychological changes
     and even kill" (The New York Times, April 5, 1999, William J. Board, Judith Miller: "Defector
     tells of Soviet and Chinese Germ Weapons). (To be complete,'according to the article in the
     Defense Electronics, the rights to Igor Smirnov`s technology bought the American
     PsychotechnoIogies Corp. in Richmond, Virginia).
http://www.geocities.com/CapeCanaveral/Campus/2289/webpage.htm                                1/3/2002
      In the same issue of the Moscow News where the interview with Igor Smimov appeared there was
      another strange article (63). In the introduction is printed the invitation letter from the deputy
      director of the factory producing for the Russian Department of Defense. The deputy director
      writes: "In the course of the last 20 years our enterprise specialized in the production of
      psychotronic apparatus for defense. systems, design of navigation equipment for intercontinental
      missiles and cosmic apparatus..." and he invites the journalists to get acquiented with "biophysical
      reinforcer (metatron) Miranda designed with the use of the newest fundamental discoveries in the t
      area of psychotronics." During the visit the people from the management of the factory'told the
     journalists that Miranda is one of the side products of psychotronic, weapons. and the deputy
     director of the Medical research center of the factory, Vladimir Niestierov told them that it is
      produced in the American licence on basis of the agreement signed by KGB and CIA on
      September 24, 1990 and providing for joint research in the area of psychotronics. The Miranda
     device emits on the patient sound electromagnetic impulses and in case that his body does not
     resonate with them it starts with the diagnosis of his ailment. However the representatives of the
     factory invited the journalists to get acquaiented with a machine which was not in working order -
     when the journalist asked for.the demonstration of the machine, they were told that Armenia does`
     not supply one important part of the machine.

     THE AMERICAN SYSTEM HAARP COULD BE USED FOR THE IMPLEMENTATION

     OF GLOBAL MIND CONTROL

     In 1992 the Independent Moscow Institute for Foreign Affairs published in the weekly Stolitsa the
     communication by Victor Sedletski that already in 1982 in the USSR began the development of
     the new radar system which could be used to create "psychotronic field for mind control" (64).

      At the end of 1994 the first tests of the most powerful radar system. in the world were carried out
      in Alaska. This year its powershould reach '10 billion watts. Among the main features of the
      system belongs its ability to heat the ionosphere and in this way change its altitude. By this kind
     of.manipulation of the ionosphere it' is possible to, bounce the electromagnetic waves back from
      the ionosphere to whichever region on the planet. According to the official information by the
     U.S. government the system HAARP is designed for scientific research. Anyway there are too
      many facts suggesting that the major reason for its construction are military purposes. The
     building of the system started the E-Systems corporation which in 1992 made 2,1 billion dollars in
     sales out of which 1,8 billion were for classified projects. The whole project is financed by the
     American Navy and Air Force. The main patent of Bernard J. Eastlund. (number 4,686,605)
     proposes the use of the system among others for destruction of navigation' systems of airplanes
     and missiles wherever in the atmosphere, interference with all communication systems wherever
     on the planet (remember the CNN programme on Russian electromagnetic weapons), the global
     weather control and creation or repair of the ozone holes. Other patents connected with the system
     propose the use of the system for induction: of detonations in the extent of nuclear explosions
     (again recall the CNN programme) and other military uses. In 1995 the U.S. government stopped
     financing of the project until the army will develop the application of the system for the earth
     penetrating tomography. In this application the system HAARP should be able to find, using extra
     low frequency electromagnetic radiation, deposits of minerals undemeat •the Earth surface, but as
     well the underground shelters, factories, tunnels and, other facilities. At the end of 1995 the
     authors of the book Angels don't Play This HAARP visited the director of the HAARP program,
     Hecksher. He told them that in this application the HAARP system will use frequencies between
     12 and 20 Hz or perhaps i Hz. Those are frequencies which affect human nervous system. It is
     true those waves are too long to make it possible to aim them at human beings and most probably
     they      not carry the biological information to affect human brains, but still their effects on

httpJ/www.geocities.com/CapeCanaveralCampus/2289/webpage.htm                                   I/3/2002
      human nervous system are not ailtogether predictable. Anyway, with the versatility of the system,
      it is no problem to emit pulsed microwaves with the intention to influence the human psyche. The
      inventor of neurophone, Patrick Flanagan, in the foreword to the book "Angels Don't Play This
      HAARP" wrote: "As a result of... personal research experiences I am acutely aware of the
      potential misuse of HAARP technology for the implementation of global electronic• mind
      control" (22). The European Parliament in its resolution of January 28, 1999 is, apparently
      addressing..also this capability of the HAARP system. This resolution of the European Parliament
      is a result of the testimony presented to European Parliament. by Nick Begich, the author of the
      above mentioned book.

      THE SECRET CONFERENCE ORGANIZED BY THE AMERICAN

      NATIONAL LABORATORY IN LOS ALAMOS

     In 1993 in the December issue of the American bimonthly Microwave News (65) appeared the)
     report that in November of the:sarite.year, at the John.Hopkins.University (engaged in research of
     radiofrequency radiation - for example Samuel Koslov, one of the researchers in the proJee"t
     Pandora, replicated there experiment where rabbits exposed to microwave radiation develo*d
     corneal cataracts (41)), a secret conference took. place, sponsored by the National,Laboratory in
     Los Alamos, involved in the development of non lethal weapon systems. In the invitation to this .
     conference we read: "The purpose of this conference is to bring together industry, government,
     and;academia to explore the potential of non lethal defense and identify requirements so that the
     defense community can work together.in leveraging the non-lethal concept Industry, particularly,
     will benefit from a more precise understanding.. of requirements and operational constraints
     regarding non-lethal defense'technologies. All attendees will have the opportunity .to embrace a
     new perspective in international relations." in simple words the objective of the conference was to
     convince the industry about the lucrativity of the production of non-lethal weapons which will be
     used the international relations.

     On Wednesday, November 17, 1993 at 9 AM the lecture by Dr. George Baker from Defense
     Nuclear Agency was scheduled. The lecture was entitled "RF Weapons: A Very. Attractive Non-
     Lethal Option" At 11.10 AM of the same day, Dr. Clay Fact rly from Oak Ridge National
     Laboratory lectured on "Application of Extremely Low Frequency Electromagnetic Fields to Non-
     Lethal Weapons". Clay Easterly told the Microwave News that since the conference was closed to
     anyone without security clearance, he could not discuss the specific effects. he referred to in his
     talk, but he admitted that his presentation dealt with the possibility of developing measures that
     would affect people.

     On the lecture by Dr. George Baker the Microwave News comment that "it is difficult to know,
     based on unclassified information, whether this "option" has ever been used" and. "That there
     were also allegations that non-ionizing radiation was used against the women's peace activist
     encampment at Greei hair Common the U.K. the mid-1980s".

     Since four and half years have pascrd since that conference it is logical to suppose that the mass
     production of those weapons was launched in the USA as well as in kussia according to Victor
     Sedletski.


     ARE THE RADIOFREQUENCY WEAPONS ACTUALLY USED?


http://www.geocities.com/CapeCanaveral/Campus/2289/webpage.htm                                (/312002
      It goes without saying that for as long as the existence of those weapons remains subjected to the
      National Security Information laws there will be no confirmed reports of their use. But we should
      not afford to take easy the facts suggesting that those weapons have been in use already for years.
      About the strange symptoms from which the women at Greenham Common Base suffered there
      was talk here already twice. The article in the Defense Electronics (56) on Igor Smirnov quotes an
      employee of the U.S. intelligence agencies, wishing to remain in anonymity, as saying that this
      equipment was used by the special forces of the Soviet Army in Afghanistan to prepare them for
      the operations requiring atrocities against civilian population.

      According to the Nexus magazine (October/November 1998, Judy Wall: "Military Use of Mind
      Contro Weapons") British ITV News Bureau Ltd., in the March 23 1991 newsbrief entitled"High-
      Tech Psychological Warfare Arrives in the Middle East" describes the use of silent sound
      technology (as it was described in the chapter on Igor Smimov's device) in the Gulf War where
      the imperceptible sound messages were broadcast by the U.S. special units to Iraqui soldiers over .
      their communication lines, making them surrender.                                                ?'

     An independent researcher and freelance writer from England, David G. Guyatt, quotes, in :the
     synopsis prepared for the ICRC symposium "The Medical Profession and the Effects y of
     Weapons" a medical engineer from the U.S. Department of Defense as saying in 1989 on CNN
     program on electromagnetic weapons that microwaves and other modalities had regularly been
     used against Palestinians In 1986 two Palestinian terrorists were tried in West Berlin, Germany.
     On the first day of the proceedings both defendants revoked confessions they made during the pre-
     trial hearings. One of them said that he somewhat recalls having made some confession, but he
     does not remember its contents, because at this time he was not quite himself. The other declared
     that into their cells voices were beamed that paralyzed their brains. When the judge objected that
        response to his written complaint his cell was searched with no voices being found there, the
     defendant replied that those voices were beamed into his head by means of some waves by
     western secret services (66).

     During the conference on Nonlinear Electrodynamics in Biological Systems E. Del Giudicce from
     the Department of Physics at the university in Milano, Italy, spoke about the possibility to create
     blood clots by coherent propagation of electric waves in the supporting medium when the
     fibrinogen is present in the blood (recall the interactions of electromagnetism and chemicals).
     Several American newspapers (68) published the news that the son of Saddam Hussein, in his
     newspaper Babel, printed the news that American secret services attempted to kill his father,
     trying to form a blood clot in his heart or brain by means of "psychotronics and
     biocommunication".

     According to the former director of the Freedom of Thought Foundation (now the director of the
     CAHRA organization), Cheryl Welsh, in the USA over 500 people complaining about being
     subjected to mind control experiments are documented. Also in Russia the Association of Victims
     of Mind Control Experiments was formed. Its director is Emilia Cherkina, former deputy in the
     Russian city of Zelenograd. Most probably it was her case that inspired a group of Zelenograd
     deputies to mail to 'the president Yeltsin a petition signed by 150 people demanding that he opens
     an investigation into the use of biolelectronic weapons (69). In the same article is a quotation of
     one of the alleged victims: "They controlled my laughter, my thoughts and caused pain in
     different parts of my body."

     On Internet on the Mind Control Forum anads More Than Conquerors pages every month new
     people from mostly English speaking, Echelon, countries assert that they have fallen victims to
     experiments with mind control weapons. The most common symptoms are: hearing of voices
http://www.geocities.com/CapeCanaveral/Campus/2289/webpage.htm                                1/3/2002
      inside their heads, sudden changes of mental states and disturbed sleep. Some of them also calize
      the presence of somebody else's thoughts in their minds. Many experiences described on the
      pages of Mind Control Forum make impression that they were written by a mentally ill person.
      But for as long as the mind control technology remains subjected to the National Security
      Information laws, it is impossible to decide whether they are mentally ill or whether they fell
      victims to inhuman experiments. Many of those people acquired, on basis of the Freedom of
      Information Act, documents stating that there is National Security information pertaining to
      their persons. (The World Organization Againet Torture, in their annual report for the year 1998,
      demands independent investigation of those claims.) The only proof that, at least in the past, such
      experiments were performed, are the roentgen photographs of brain implants in the heads of some
      of the people who complained about those troubles. The parents of one of those victims are r
      convinced, that it was implanted into the brain of their son during the operation of tonsils at the
      age of 4 years, after which they had not seen him for 48 hours, and then found on his palate a big
      scar after a surgical incision. The operation was performed in 1982 (for the roentgen photographs
      see the Mind Control Forum pages on Internet). It is very probable that the implants functioned as •T
      antennas, before the progress of technology made them unnecessary.                                x


     Some idea of how such manipulation can feel we can get from the lecture of Friedman Kaiser,
     from the Department of Theoretical Physics in Stuttgart, Germany. At the conference on
     Nonlinear Electrodynamics in Biological Systems (70), in his lecture he described how does the
     "entrainment" of biological system (including the brain) to the external stimulation. develop:
     "Regular external perturbations interact with the internal oscillations, the system can be
     synchronized to the external drives (entrainment): A sharp frequency response results, exhibiting...
     rather irregular behavior near the. entrainment region. On the route from the free to the forced
     oscillations one finds near the region of entrainment a nonlinear superposition of free and forced
     oscillations.., the occurrence of strongly periodic states with submultiples of the .external
     frequency enables the system to couple to other frequencies or to decouple partially from the
     driving field" In simple words a man or woman who will fall victim to complexmanipulation of
     the type of "strategic personality,simulation" which we will talk about in the next chapter, will
     live in the condition comparable to military occupation of a.state. If this radiation hits the whole
     population, it should be the similar situation. From what. we know it is not difficult to make them
     unable to concentrate or to disturb them by implanting "thoughts" into their minds. Paul Tyler, in
     his paper. on Electromagnetic Spectrum in Low Intensity Conflict, writes that electromagnetic
     systems "are silent and countermeasures to them may be difficult to develop."

     REVOLUTION IN MILITARY AFFAIRsMAY RESULT INtIE DECLINE OF DEMOCRACY

     John B. Alexander, in his article in the Military Review from 1980, writes: "whoever makes the
     fast major breakthrough in this field will have a quantum lead over his opponent, an advantage
     similar to sole possession of nuclear weapons" (45)3 Samuel Koslov, a leading personality of the
     project,Pandora of the American Navy and researcher at the John Hopkins University where the
     secret conference took place, in the closing speech at the conference on Nonlinear
     Electrodynamics in Biological Systems in 1983 said that the conference had proven that the
     external electric fields can "become a key to the cellular control console. The implications, social,
     economic, and even military are enormous." Samuel Koslov then continued: "If much of what we
     have heard is indeed correct, it may be not less significant to the nation than the prospects that
     faced the physics community in 1939 when the long-time predicted fissionability of the nucleus
     was actually demonstrated. You may recall the famous letter of Albert Einstein to President
     Roosveit. When we're in a position to do so in terns of our proofs, I would propose that an
     analogous letter is required."


http://www_geocities.com/Capecanaveml/Campus/2289/webpage:htm                                   1/3/2002
      From this perspective of the revolutionary event in the science is derived also the book
      "Revolution in Military Affairs and Conflict Short of War", issued by the Strategic Studies
      Institute at the U.S. Army. War College (71). Since the national security information is in question,
      the book can not tell the readers what technology exactly is making this revolution feasible. From
      the beginning the authors are aware that the use of this technology may run counter to basic moral
      and political values of the American society and in consequence the revolution in military affairs
      would require a moral and political revolution to come first. Since it is difficult for them to
      imagine that the American Society would accept the ethical and political revolution that would
      deprive the citizen of his privacy, they develop a scenario of events which would lead the
      American political.leaders to back this revolution.

       The scenario is placed into the year 2000 and is based the situation of growing terrorism, drug
       trafficking and criminality: "The president was thus amenable to the use of the sort of
       psychotechnology which formed the core of the RMA (revolution in military affairs) in conflict'
    - short of war...As technology changed the way force was applied, things such as personal courage,;
       face-to-face leadership, and the "warfighter" mentality became irrelevant." So the
      psychotechnology, which formed the. core of the RMA, provided new methods how to influeiYte
       the psyche of the adversary in place of the classical strategy to make him fear the death. "In the
      pre-RMA days, psychological operations and psychological warfare were primitive. As they
      advanced into the electronic and bioelectronic era, it was necessary to rethink our ethical
      prohibitions on manipulating the minds of enemies (and potential enemies) both international and
      domestic... Through persistent efforts and very sophisticated domestic "consciousness raising",
      old-fashioned notions of personal privacy and national sovereignty changed." It means creation of
         society where thinking is reserved to power elite's as it is in totalitarian states and that the new
      totalitarian state should extend all over the planet. In. which way the central power would be
      administered? "Potential or possible supporters of the insurgency around the world were identified
      using the comprehensive Interagency Integrated Database. These were categorized as "potential"
      or "active", with sophisticated personality simulations used to develop, tailor. and focus
      psychological campaigns for each." That this is not altogether a science fiction"pmves the
      American Department of Defense. Directive establishing The Non-Lethal Weapons Steering
      Committee, issued on January 1, 1995 (74). There we: read: "The term "adversary" is used above
      in its broadest sense, including those who are not declared enemies but who are engaged in
     activities we wish to stop." As well, if the United States in mid eighties were capable to eavesdrop
      telephonic and other communications around the world, why would not they be able to read minds
      or impose thoughts on whichever person in the world whose brain frequencies they will be able to
     determine, in the year 2000.

     In the conclusion of the book on the Revolution in Military Affairs the authors return to reality.
     They admit that the American public and government may not be willing to accept this kind of
     revolution, but they are, as well, aware of the fact that as the use of this technology will be
     growing "we may eventually stumble into change as ultimately profound as deliberate
     revolution." But even in this realistic part they write: ".,. conflict short of war, ... is most often
     won or lost'through the manipulation of images, beliefs, attitudes and perceptions. These things...
     are the key military targets in conflict short of war. This makes psychological technology much
     more important than. strike technology. Ways must be found to use the emerging technology
     including advanced artificial intelligence and information dissemination systems, to help military
     strategists develop, implement, and continually improve methods of influencing opinion,
     mobilizing public support, and sometimes demobilizing it. There is also potential for defensive
     psychotechnology such as "strategic personality simulations" to aid national security decision
     makers" As a reference for the last sentence we read : "See Norman D. Livergood and Stephen D.
     Williams, "Strategic Personality Simulation: A New Strategic Concept", unpublished draft paper,

httpl/www.geocities.comlCapeCanaveral/Campus/2289/webpageinm                                     1/3/2002
      Carlisle Barracks, PAK: U.S. Army War College, 1994".                                                      C


      The conclusion of the authors is: "Whether we opt for revolution or evolution, change will occur_"
      In their futuristic scenario they expect that this psychotechnology will gradually appear "on the
      domestic black market and, increasingly, in American schools and workplaces", they do not
      mention the fact that this technology can be used for murders that could not ever be proved in the
      court (people woultbe dying frnm_henrt attacks blood clots etc.). To master this. kind of
     ic vilization crisis would require the further tightening of the totalitarian regime which could have
      for effect the gradual decline of the civilization.

      If the reader would like to believe that such a scenario has nothing in common with the reality and _.i.
      so he has no reason to fear anything, Igor Smirnov, in his interview for the Newsweek as well as
      in the interview for the Moskovskie Novosti (here not quite openly) admitted that the,Russian'
      Mafia is interested to get his technology. That evemthe Russian government does not take this for
      a joke proves the fact that there exists in Russia the law imposing state controls on all equipment
      in private hands which can be used as "psychotronic weaponry" (69). This formulation certainly
      does not prohibit to Russian governmentthe use ofsuch weaponry.

     On.the leaflet of an American corporation (we will not name it since we do not support the
     dissemination of those yS.ns) we read: "Ever want to forcibly, yet secretly pr*ct YOUR
     THOUGHTS into another people-or animals as an ovepowering EM signal?...Range is about 50
     feet portable, battery operated..." The range of another system marketed on this leaflet "used in
     eoretical and applied.research into EM weaponry.., and mind control.., exceeds,1 km." On the
     th
     same leaflet an ultrasound apparatus was offered to be bought Since the corporation does not
     offer those devices any        there is one distinct possibility that the sales were banned by the
     National Security Agency jusf the same way as the Neurophone of Patrick Flanagan. By this
     baning procedure the U.S. government is bypassing the necessity to enact the laws which would
     prohibit production and use ofmind control devices to both private.andgovemment organizations.

     In their futuristic scenario the authors of the book on the Revolution in Military Affairs also write
     that "Whenever possible, profitability was used to encourage private and quasi private enterprises
     to develop appropriate technology... especially advanced psychotechnology." But the last chapter
     of this paper was dedicated to one such conference, which took place in 1993. So are we talking
     about the future or about the past?

     The concept of the "strategic personality stimulation" is probably tested on some of the people
     who claim to be mind control experiment's victims.

     And even the idea that the concept of the revolution         military affairs is limited only to few
     people in the American, Strategic Studies Institute may not be that correct. In 1996. Paul G.
     Kaminski, the secretary from the U.S. J)epartment of Defense said in front of the House of
     Representatives National Security Committee: "Cosmic forces play a key role in the emerging
     revolution in military affairs and this thanks to their unique capacity to gather, transfer and
     disseminate information" (72), it is possible that he was talking about the system HAARP capable
     to target whichever region of the Earth (by means of the manipulation of the ionosphere) and its
     u for psychological operations.

     WARNINGS BY MILITARY AS WELL AS CIVILIAN SCIENTISTS

     In May 1999 the neuroscientists conference, sponsored by the UN, took place in Tokyo. This
     conference resulted in a declaration addressing the ethics of consciousness studies. In the
http:/fwww.geocities.corn/CapeCanaverai/Campus/2289/webpage.htm                                  1/3/2002
      declaration we read: "Today we have intellectual, physical and financial resources to master the
      power of the brain itself, and to develop devices to touch the mind and even control or erase
      consciousness... We wish to profess our hope that such pursuit of knowledge serves peace and
      welfare." http://www.ias.unu.edu/introduction/search frame.htp

      Type consciousness into the box, click on "Toward a Science of Consciousness - Fundamental
      Approaches - Tokyo 99, click on Stargate, click on Tokyo 99 declaration.)

      In January 1999 an annual public meeting of the French National Bioethics Committee was held
      in Paris, France. Its chairman Jean- Pierre Changeux, a neuroscientist at the Institute Pasteur in
      Paris, told the meeting that "advances in cerebral imaging make the scope for invasion of privacy
      immense. Although the equipment needed is still highly specialized, it will become commonplace
      and capable of being used at a distance... That will open the way for abuses such as invasion of
      personal liberty, control of behavior and brainwashing. These are far from being science-fiction
      concerns.., and constitute "a serious risk to society" (73). At the same meeting Denis Le Bihan, a.1
      researcher at the • French Atomic Energy Commission said "we can almost read people's`
      thoughts". Those are apparently civilian scientists.

      In . October 1992 the Russian weekly Stolitsa (64) published an article on the development of
      "psychotronic weapons where is mentioned the declaration of the Russian academician
      Kazancheyev. According to the unconfirmed news from the times of the Russian scandal (54) this
     .academician had signed for the Russian part the international agreement of 20 states where they
      obliged themselves not to use this technology against each other. That he does not have a great
      trust in this agreement proves the fact that he writes about a "psychic war" which, in his view, is
      more dangerous than any other kind of warfare and that the military may use extrasensory
      perception to paralyze the will of other people, "turning them into obedient slaves". He insists on
      placing this kind of research under international control.

      In June 1995 the article "On the Possibility of Directly Accessing Every Human Brain b
      Electromagnetic Induction of Fundamental Algorithms" appeared in the monfhly Perceptual and
     Motor Skills (43). The author, Dr. Michael Persinger from the Behavioral Neuroscience
     Laboratory at Laurentian University in Canada, was mentioned by Paul Tyler in his lecture at the
     conference on Emerging Electromagnetic Medicine (15). In his experiment he exposed students to
     5 Hz fields which had for consequence diminution of perspiring, drought in the mouth, stomach
     pains and increased relaxation. According to unconfirmed reports he was employed on the U.S.
     Army project "Sleeping Beauty" directed towards the battlefield use of mind-altering
     electromagnetic weapons. In fitsarticle Michael Persinger describes the ways how the individual
     differences among human brains can be overcome and comes to a conclusion: "Within the last
     two decades... a potential has emerged which was improbable but which is now marginally
     feasible. This potential is the technical capability to influence directy the major portion of the
     approximately six billion brains of the human species without mediation through classical sensory
     modalities b generating neural information wi in a p ysical medium within which all members
     of the species are immersed. The historical emergence of such possibilities... resulted in major
     changes in the social evolution that occurred inordinately quickly after the implementation.
     Reduction of the risk of the inappropriate application of these technologies requires the continued
     and open discussion of their realistic feasibility and implications within the scientific and public
     domain."

     The American as well as the Russian governments protect themselves against such discussions by
     the National Information Security laws. In the article "The Mind Has No Firewall Against PSI
     warfare and Thought Control" (Parameters, U.S. Army War College Quarterly - Spring 1998)
http://www.geoci ties.com/CapeCanaveral/Campus/2289/webpage.htm                                1/3/2002
      Timothy L. Thomas writes that "according to a Russian TV broadcast, the stiategic rocket forces
      have begurnanti-ESP training.. .to construct a firewall around the heads of the operators" and goes
      onto say "The time has come to ask why we appear to be ignoring the operators of our systems...
      the operator... is the weak spot in any nation's military ac- ts... the game is about protecting or
      affecting signals, waves and impulses that can influence the data processing elements of systems,
      computers, or people". Are the Russian and U.S. armies going to protect themselves against
      non/existing weapons? The already quoted Directive on Policy for Non-Lethal Weapons assigns
      the Non-Lethal Weapons Steering Committee the task to "issue security and classification
      guidance for non-lethal weapons programs" (74). In the response to a letter by Eleanor White,
     Joan K. Christensen from the Assembly State of New York writes: "Thank you for contacting me
      with your concerns regarding the neuro-disruptive electronic weapon that you detailed in your.
     correspondence. Unfortunately, information concerning what was referenced in your letter is
     highly classified and I am not at liberty to divulge such information to the general public" (75).
     (The fact that this wide range of the U.S. public officials is acquainted with those weapons is also
     alarming, because their use may be much more widespread than is assumed in this paper.) Unde
     those circumstances the only way, how .the public discussion on this topic can be provoked, is to
     make the largest possible portion of the world population aware of those provocatively classiid
     facts. It is our conviction that only the global prohibition of the use of this technology under the
     international surveillance, can prevent the. crisis of the civilization which would result from the
     continuing use of this technology. The parents should decide whether they want bear children
     into the world where they could not guarantee for them even the biological independence.           -

     WE RAVE NOW DECIDED TO BUILD MIND CONTROL WEAPONS IN .ORDER TO
     DEMONSTRATE THEM AT AN INTERNATIONAL PRESS CONFERENCE AND
     DEMAND THEIR BAN. IN THIS WAY 1'H@, .SECRECY SURROUNDING THOSE
     WEAPONS CAN BE BROKEN: SEVERAL EUROPEAN JOURNALISTS HAVE
     ALREADY PROMISED TO ENGAGE IN THIS EFFORT. WE NEED TO BUY SOME
     RATHER EXPENSIVE LABORATORY EQUIPMENT.                            that matter we ask you for
     your financial contributions. Please, send few dollars at the account

     SWIFT code: GIBACZPX

     Bank code: 0800

     Specific Symbol: 83467

     Account number: 1031626588

     Or by a registered letter at the address:

     Obcanske sdruzeni za zakaz radiofrekvencnich zbrani

     (Citizen's Association for the Ban of Radiofrequency Weapons)

     P.O.Box 52

     51101 Tumov

     Czech Republic


httpJ/www.geocities.com/CapeCanaveral/Campus/2289/webpage.htm                                 1/3/2002
      Europe

      The list of those who support the ban of radiofrequency weapons controling human nervous
      system you will find bellow references

      REFERENCES

     • 1) The New York Times, August 2, 1977, "Private Institutions Used in CIA Efforts to Control
     • Behavior page 1 and 16

      2) ibid.

         3) Gordon Thomas: Journey into Madness, the True Story of Secret CIA Mind Control and
     •,, Medical Abuse, 1989, Bantam Books, USA, ISBN 0-553-05357-4

   . _,.4) John Ranelagh Agency, The rise and Decline of the CIA, 1987, USA, Touchstone Books;
       ISBN 9-671-63994=3

      5) Jose M. It. Delgado: Physical Control of the Mind, Toward a Psychocivilized Society, 1969,
      USA

      6) John Stanton Yeomans: Principles of Brain Stimulation, Oxford University Press, 1990, Great
      Britain, ISBN 019-506-1381

      7) see reference 3)

      8) Michael Hutchinson: Megabrain Power, Transformation .un Bewusstseintechnologien, Die
      Revolution de grauen Zellen; Jungerman Verlag, Paderborn, 1996, ISBN 3-87387-248-x

     9) Report on the Attorney General's Conference on Less Than Lethal Weapons,

     by Sheri Sweetman, March 1987, U.S. department of Justice, quoted from ref 22)

     10) H. Wachtel, R. Seaman, W, Jones, 1975, Effects of Low Intensity Microwaves on Isolated
     Neurons, Annals of New York Academy of Sciences, vol. 247, pg 42-62

     11) Jurij A. Chlodov, 1966, The Effect of Electromagnetic and, Magnetic Fields on the Central
     Nervous System, Washington D.C. (Translation NASA TLIF-465) quoted from ref. 19)

     12) S. Baranski, Z.Edelwejn, 1968, Studies on the Combined Effect of Microwaves and some
     Drugs on Bioelect is Activity of the Rabbits CNS, Acta Physiologic; Poland, vol. 19, pg. 31 -41

     M.S. Bychkov, I.S. Dronov, 1974, Electroencephalographic Data on the Effects of Very Weak
     Microwaves at the Level of the Midbmin-Reticular Formation-Hypothalamus-Cerebral Cortex
     Level, Springfield, (transl. in the report NTIS No JPRS 63321)

     J. Gillard, B. Servantie, G: Bertharion, A.M.Servantie, JICG. Obrenovitch, 1.976, Study of the
     Microwave Induced Perturbations of the Behavior by the Open Field Test in the LWhit Rat ( in
     Biological Effects of Electromagnetic Waves, Symposium Proceedings, Boulder, October 1975,
     Rockville, U.S. Department of Health Education and Welfare, pg. 693 (FDA, Public, HEW-FDA

http:/fwww.geocities.cone/CapeCanaveral/Campus/2289/webpage.htm                            1/3/2002
      17.8010 Vol. 1)                                                                                          4


      M.S. Bychkov, V. Markov, V. Rychkov, 1974; EIectroencephalographic Changes The Influence
      of Low Intensity Chronic Microwaves Irradiatiion, Springfield, (trans.. in the report NCIS No.
      JPRS 63321) quoted from ref. 15)

      13) James C. Lin: Microwave Auditory Effects and Applications, Charles C. Thomas publisher,
      Springfield, Illinois, USA, ISBN 0-398-03704-3

      14) H. Merrit, R.H. Hartzell, J.W. Frazer, 1976, The Effects of 1,6 GHz Radiation on
      Neurtransmitters in Discrete Areas of the Rat Brain, in: C.C. Johnson,and M.L. Shore ed.
      Biological Effects of Electromagnetic Wavezx, Symposium proceedings, LBoulder, October 1975
      - quoted from ref. 15

      15) Emerging Electromagnetic Medicine, 1990, conference proceedings                                  ?

      16) Critere d'hygiene de I'environment 16, Requence radio,lectric et hyperfr,quences, Worl Health
      Organization, Geneve, Switzerland, 1981

     17) Robert Becker: Cross Currents, The Startling LEffects of Electromagnetic Radiation on Your
     Health, 1991, Bloomsberry Publishing, London, Great Brittain, ISBN 0-7475-0761-9

      18) B. Servantie, G. Bertharion, R. Joly, A.M. Servantie, J. Etienne, P: Dreyfus, P Escoubet,1974,
      Pharmacological Effects of a Pulsed Microwave Field, in Biological Effects and Health Hazards,
     .of Microwave Radiation, Warsaw, Editions m,dical Plonaises, pg. 36-45, quoted from ref. 15)

     19) Low Intensity Conflict and Modem Technology, ed. Lt.Col. L Dean,, USAF, Air University
     Press, Center for Aerospace Doctrine, ,Research and Education, Maxwell Air Force` Base,
     Alabama, june 1986

     20) Dr. Robert Becker: Body Electric: Electromagnetism and the Foundation. of Life, William
     Morrow and comp., New York, 1985

     21) magazine OMNI, february 1985, Kathleen McAuliffe "The Mind Fields" 1.

     22).Dr. Nick Begich, Jeanne Maning: Angels Don't Play this 1IAARP, Earthpuls Press, P.O. Box
     393, Anchorage, Alaska 99520, USA.

     23) A.S. Presman: Electroamgnetic Fields and Life, New York, Plenum Press, 19681

     24) D'Arsonval, 1893, Production des courants de haute frequence et de grande intensit„ hems
     effets physiologiques - comp. rend. osc. bioL, vol. 45, pg. 122

     V. Danilewski, 1905, Beobachtungen uber eine subjective Lichtempfmgung in variablen
     magnetische Felde, Pflugers arch., Sv. 108, pg. 513

     P. Thompson, 1910, A Physiological Effect of an Alternating Magnetic LField - proc_ Roy. Soc.,
     vol 82, pg. 372

     H. Barlow et al.. 1947, Visual Sensations Aroused by Magnetic Fields, American, Journal of

http:I/www.geocities_com/Capetanaveral/Campus<2289/webpage_htm                                1/3/2002
      Physiology, vol 148, pg. 372

      M.R. Mogendovich, R.K. Skachedoub, 1957, On the Effect of Physical Factors on Human Visual
      System, (in Russian), Tr. Permskogo Med. Ins., vol. 26, pg. 11

      M. Valentinuzzi, 1962, Theory of Magnetophosphenes, American Journal of Medical Electronics,
      vol. 1, pg. 12

      T. Jaski, 1960, Radio Waves and Life, Radio Electronic, vol. 31, pg. 43, - all quoted from
      Presman

    • 25) W. Ross Adey, MD., Neurophysiologic effects of Radiofrequency and Microwave Radiation,
      Bulletin of New York Academy of Medicine, vol. 55, no. 11, December 1979 ,pg. 1079 - 1093

      26) see reference 17)1

      27) Allan H. Frey, 1962, Human Auditory System Response to Modulated EIectromagnétic
      Energy, Journal of Aplied Physiology, 17/4, pg. 689 - 692

      28) E..M. Taylor. B-. Ashelman, 1974, Analysis of Central Nervous System Involvmen in
      Microwave Auditory Effects, KBrain research, vol. 74, pg. 201 -206

      J.L. Flanagan, 1961, Audibility of Periodic Pulses and a Model for the Threshold, Journal of
      Acoustic Society of America, vol. 33 (11), pg. 1540 -49

     K.R. Foster, E.D. Finch, 1974, Microwave HearingK: evidence for Thermoacoustie Auditory
     Stimulation by Pulsed Microwaves, Science, vol. 185, pg. 256 -258

     29) W.A. Guy, C.K. Chou, James. C. Lin, D. Christensen, 1975, Microwave Induced Acoustic
     Effects in Mammalian Auditory Systems and Physical Materials, Annals of the New York
     Academy of Sciences, vol. 247, February 28, 1975, pg. 194 - 218

     30) Don R. Justesen, 1975, Microwaves and Behavior, American Psychologist, March 1975, pg.
     391

     31) Newsletter of the Bioelectromagnetics Special Interest Group, no. 30, April 1996, 684 C.R.
     Sunterville, FL 33585, USA, see ref. 22) and 8) as well

     32) Michael Hutchinson, Megabrain Report, vol. 1 no. 4 (magazine) I

     33)Newsletter of the Bioelectromagnetics Special Interest Group no. 28, May 1995, see ref. 31)1

     34)Francis H. Crick: The Astonishing Hypothesis. The Scientific KLSearch for the Soul, Simon
     and Schuster, London, 1994, U.K.

     35) Per E. Roland: KLBrain Activation, Wiley Liss, John Wiley and Sons Inc. Publication, 1993 1

     36)Walter J. Freeman: Mass Action in the Nervous System, Academic Press, New York, San
     Francisco, London, 1975


http://www.geocities.cum/CapeCanaveraWCampus/2289/webpake.htm                               1/3/2002
   55) Those Russian newspapers are not available in the Czech Republic, the quotations are from:     ._,
   "Magazine 2000" a European magazine - perhaps you can order a German version

   56)- Defense Electronics, July 1993, "DOD, intel Agencies Look at Russian Mind Control
   Technology, Claims FBI Concidered testing on Koresh

   57) Newsweek, February 7, 1994, "Soon Phasers on Stun"

   58) LVillage Voice, March 8, 1994, Mind Control in Waco

   59) Pravda, March 6, "The Art to Control the Crowd"

   60) Moskovskie Novosti, March 20 to March 27, 1994, "Shall we Succeed to Change the Lie
   Detectorinto the Detector of Truth?"                                                    F
   61) Newsweek, August 22, 1994, "You will read this Story"

   62) Moskovskiie Novosti, September 26 to October 1, 1994, "Non-lethal Weapon"

   63)see ref. 60) "The Experts from the Defense Factory State that. they Produced. Psychotronic
   Weapons

   64) Stolitsa,:no. 43, November 2, 1992, AlexeiMyasnikov,.MC-Ultra.programme, pg. 40, quoted
   from Russian Press Digest - RusData Dialine (after Cheryl Welsh)

  65) Microwave News, November/December, 1993, "Military on Nonlethal Weapons: "A Very
  Attractive Option"

  66) Frankfurter Ailgemeine Zeitung, Germany, November 18, 1986, "Mit gebalter Fist"

  67) see ref.41, Order and Structure in Living Systems, E. Del Giudicce, S. Doglia,.M. Milani. pg.
  477-487

  68) quoted from Cheryl Welsh

  69) The Moscow LTimes, July 11, 1995, Owen Matthews, Report: Soviets Used Top Secret
  "Psychotronic" weapons, from Lexis Nexus Computer Database, after Cheryl Welsh

  70) see ref. 41, Friedman Kaiser:2€ntraintnent-Quasiperiodicity-Chaos-Collapse: Bifurcation
  Routes of Externally Driven Self-Sustained Oscillating Systems, pg. 393 -412

  71) Steven Metz, James Kievit, "The Revolution in Military Affairs and Conflict Short of War,
  U.S. Army War College, Strategic Studies Institute, Carlisle Barracks, PA 17013-5050

  72) Mlada Fronta Dnes, March 28, 1997 (the Czech newspaper)

  73) Nature, "Advances in Neuroscience May Threaten Human Rights", vol. 391, January 22,
  1998, pg. 316


p www.geoc es.com ape anavera         ampus        we page. m                            1/3/2002
      LIST OF THOSE WHO SUPORT THE BAN OF RADIOFREQUENCY WEAPONS
      CONTROLING THE FUNCTIONS OF HUMAN BRAIN


http://www.geocities.com/CapeCanaverallCampus/2289/webpage.htm   1/3/2002
http://www.geocities.corn/CapeCanaveml/Campus/2289/webpage.htm   1/3/2002
                           For nearly three years, chemtrail observers have hoped an official would step forward
                           to explain the origin and purpose of broad white plumes criss-crossing the skies above a
                           dozen allied nations. Their wait is over...

                                 t was nearly noon when S.T. Brendt awoke and entered the kitchen of her country S~

                                 home in Parsonsfield, Maine. As she poured her first cup of coffee, the late night
                                 reporter for WMWV Radio could not have guessed that her life was minutes away
                                 from drastic change.
  Under the banner            Her partner Lou Aubuchont was already up, pn77ling over what he had seen in the sky a
                           half-hour before. The fat puffy plumes arching up over the horizon were unlike any con-
 of some top-secret '      trail he had ever seen, even during his hitch in the Navy.
                               Like breath exhaled on a winter's day, the contrails he was used to seeing would flare
  scientific agenda,       briefly in the stratosphere as hot moist engine exhaust flash-freezes into a stream of ice-
                           crystals. These pencil-thin condensation trails are pretty to watch but short-lived, sublim-
   the US military         ing into invisibility as exhaust gases cool quickly to the surrounding air temperature.
 continues to weave `          But in late 1997, Aubuchont started observing thicker 'trails extending from horizon to
                           horizon. Hanging in the sky long after their creators had flown from view, these expand-
   chemical-laden          ing white ribbons would invariably be interwoven by more thick lines left by unmarked
                           L, Air Force white or silver in colour.
   contrails in the            On this March 12th morning in 2001, Lou did not mention his sighting as S.T. indulged
                            in caffeine. Sipping gratefully, she glanced out the window. It looked like another gor-
    skies, causing          geous, cloudless day.
 health problems for .         But not quite. Brendt baulked at several chalk marks scrawled across the crystalline
                            blue sky. "Contrails or chemtrails?" she jokugly remarked.
 unprotected people }          Lou got up and looked. What kind of clouds run exactly side by side in a straight line?
                            he wondered. It's just too perfect to happen naturally. When he said he wasn't sure, S.T.
   [. on the ground.        stopped smiling and went outside.
                               Looking up towards the southeast over `West Pond, she spotted the first jet. A secon
                            jet was laying billowing white banners to the north. Both aircraft appeared to be at over
                            30,000 feet. Turning her gaze due west, Brendt saw two more lines extending over the
                            horizon. She called Lou. Within 45 minutes the couple coup' d 30 jets.
                                This isn't right, S.T. thought. We just don't have that kin.; of air traffic here. While
                             Lou kept counting, she went inside and started calling airports. One official she reached
                             was guarded but friendly. He had relatives in West Pond.
                                The Air Traffic Control manager told Brendt her sighting was "unusual". His radars
                             showed nine commercial jets during the same 45-minute span. From her location, he said,
                             she should have been able to see one plane.
                                And the other twenty-nine? The FAA official confided off the record that he had been
                             ordered "by higher civil authority" to re-route inbound European airliners away from a
                             "military exercise" in the area. "Of course, they wouldn't give me any of the particulars
                             and I don't ask," he explained. "I just do my job."
                                Excited and puzzled by this information, S.T. and Lou got into their car and headed
                             down Route 160. Looking in any direction they could see five or six jets flying at over
                             30,000 feet. Never in the dozen years they'd lived in rural Maine haTdthey seen so much
                              aerial activity.


NOVEMBER — DECEMBER 2001                www.nexusrnagazine.com                                 NEXUS New Times • 11
      A former US Navy Intelligence courier, Aubuchont was used to        On November 18, 1998, the people of Espanola petitioned
 large-scale military exercises. But he told. S.T. he had never seen   Parliament. Addressing the Canadian government on their behalf,
 anything this big. "It looked like an invasion," he later recounted.. defence critic Gordon Earle explained:
      Another driver almost went off the road as he leaned over his       "Over 500 residents of the Espanola area have signed a petition
 dashboard trying to look up. As they passed he acknowledged           raising concern over possible government involvement in what
 them with a nod.                                                      appears to be aituaft emitting visible aerosols. They have found
      As far as they could see stretched line after line. Two giant    high traces of aluminum and quartz in particulate and rainwater
 grids were especially blatant. Instead of dissipating like normal     samples.
 contrails, these sky trails grew wider and wider and began to            "These concerns combined with associated respiratory ailments
  mere. Looking.towards the Sun, Aubuchont sawwhat appeared have led these Canadians totake action and seek clear answers
 TiEe ",an oil and water mixture" reflecting a prismatic band. of      from,thi's government. The petitioners call upon Parliament to ?
 colours. He couldn't call it a rainbow. Rainbows aren't sinister.     repeal any law that would permit the dispersal of military chaff of
      As Lou and S.T. completed their errands, the jets &c  ep[ them   of any cloud-ending substance whatsoever by, domestic or for-t.
  company, leaving lines and .even circles that resembled,smoke        eign military' aircraft without the informed consent of the citizens
  n'ngs. Even living near Kennedy, LaGuardia and Newark jetports,      of Canada thus affected"                                                 A-.

  Aubuchont had never seen so many big jets performing identical              e Ministry of Defence eventually replied:: "It's not us'        :
  manoeuvres in the same sky. When they                                                            Which was true While the US MrForc '
  returned to Parsonsfeld around four, the                                                      counts .650' foul-engine . KCd36
  lines were starting to merge into a dingy                                                     Stratotartkers and 50 'KC-lo Exrenderstin
  haze.                                                                                        '115 active inventory, Canadian Forces riot
      Richard Dean called back. After receiv-                                                   fy armadas.of tankers: But they do operate
  ing S.T's message, the assistant WMWV                 Over 500 residents                      the biggest radar installation in Canada at
  news director had gone outside with other                                                     CFB    Comox on Vancouver'Island, a"asily
  news staff and counted 370 lines in skies
                                                    `the     Espanola  area      have ..capable            of tracking the American forma-
  usually devoid of aerial activity.                 signed _a petition raising lions coming up from the south.
      Brenda put. in another call to the FAA                                                       "Was. 'the. classified operation a'radar
  official. He had never heard of chemtratls           concern over possible                     experiment?" we asked Deep Sky.
  In their first face-to-face intervi', ew the „government involvement                             "That wasn't what I was told."
  chain-smoking controller responsible for air                                                     Wete ATC radars "enhanced or degrad-
   traffic over the northeastern seaboard              in what appears to                        ed", we wanted to know. The.barium
   repeated, his earlier statements on tape.          aircraft emitting iisible;= spread'in.exercises conductedoiIof
   Similar military activities were ongo                                                                Wrrj hpPatterson Air Force Base acts
   ing_tn. other regions, he added. .On his.                     aerosols.                             'San electrolyte, enhancing conduc-
  scopes he could track the tankers fly-                                                                tivity of radar and: radio waves.
   ing north into Canadian airspace.                                                                    "Wright Pat" has also long; been
       Speaking, before witnesses at                                                                    deeply engaged in HAARP'scele&o-
   WMWV on condition of strict                                                                          magnetic wazfareprogram.:
   anonymity, our "Deep Sky" source
   answered a'series of yes/no questions                                                                A,SKY SHIELD TO COMBAT.
   I'heIped Brendt prepare when_she                                                                      GLOBAL WARMING?,.
   contacted me.                                                                                           The puzzle pieces, fell into place
       After nearly three years on this                                                                 with Deep SVs.revelation drat ATC
   case; I wanted to corroborate extreme-                                                                radars were being "degraded"      by
    ly high levels of aluminum alumini-                                                                 .tanker-released particles showier up
    um) powder found in samples of rain-                                                               Basra'"haze" on their screens. This
    water falling•through thick sky,                                                                     radar characteristic matched the high
    plumes.overEspanola, Ontario, in the                                                              '.concentrations of aluminum'powHer
    sprinlof 1998.                                                      found along with a preponderance.of.quartz particles in
       The Espanola lab tests were conducted, after'residents began     Espanola's chemtrailcontaniinated'rainwalet.
    complaining to the provincial environment ministry.' Severe            The tankers' aluminum powder emissions also matched the
    headaches, chronic joint pain, dizziness, sudden extreme taatigne,  Welsbach paten'[ Issued in 1994w the Hughes aerospace giant
    acu ast7ima attacks and feverless""flu-like:' symptoms over
    te                                                                  "for Reduction of Global Warming', the sky shield blueprint calls
    square-mile area coincided with what they termeiT"months of         for dispensing microscopic prticles ofjmin'i             xii1ç and other
     spraying'" byphoto-identified US Air Force tanker planes.          refecttve materials into the upper atmosp ere to reflect one or
       The USAF dented the intrusions. But former Ontario               ~r
                                                                         tw       cent of incoming sunlight. Computer simulations by Ken
     Provincial Police Officer and'Supreme Court expert witness Ted     Caldeira at Lawrence "vermore National Laboratory calculated
    Simoarareported lingering Xs and numerous..white trails, some of     that this would be enough to stop warring over 85 per cent of the
     which just ended'ras if they had been shut off but remained in      planet, despite an anticipated doubling of carbon in the atmos-
     the sky.                                                            phere within the next Nyears.,

  s     Another Espanola resident told me that mental confusion and
      hort-term memory los~were so prevalent that forgetting where
                                                                            Lawrenc&Uvennore priced the aerial spray program at US$I
                                                                         billion dollars uear—a cheap fu to maintain massive petroleum P4
G their cars were parked had become "a standing joke" in the tiny profits in the face of Kyoto's mternanonally agreed carbon cut-
 `town.                                                                 cks.
                                                                         ba

    12 • NEXUS New Times                                        www.nexusmagazine.com                           NOVEMBER— DECEMBER 2001
      Livermore's founder, Edward Teller, lobbied hard for another         ended up in the small coastal town's Emergency unit with a sore
 chance to play with planetary processes. At the 1998                      throat, "super-stiff" neck, pounding. headache and ears "tinging
 International Seminar on Planetary Emergencies, the Father of the         kli    taz ". Even her teeth hurt
 fl-bomb presented his Next Big Idea. Having earlieLpressed for                it was all very nerve-wracking. Smart contacted a Transport
  detonating nuclear bombs to carve new harbours out of American           Canada investigator who had noticed the jet trails too and was
  coastlihes, Teller now called for reflective chemicals to be spread      convinced it was normal contrail activity. Why he took special
  like.mitror-shades over the Earth. Or at least over allies who           notice of normal contrails was not explained. But the.TC official
 'could>agree iti secret for this unprecedented geoengineering             told Smart he boped the Canadian equivalent of the FAA would
  experiment to be carried out over their unsuspecting constituents.       be notified of any military exercises taking place.
       In a draft' report leaked to me;soon after it appeared for peer         On. June 17, 2001, after photographing.massive plumes over '
  reviewin May 2000, air expert panel chosen among 3,000 atmos-            Gibson, Smart checked with aviation authorities and found that
  pheric scientists looked at Caldeira's computer simulations and          no airline flight plans had been filed for that airspace.at that time.
  agreed that Teller's scheme' might work- But the IPCC warned             Official weather data showed that whea herphotos of mtiltiplc
  against unpredictable upsets of the atmosphere, as well as against        white plumes were taken, the 30 per cent humidity at 30,000 and ±
   angry populaces reacting to "the associated whitening of the visu-       35,000 feet was less than half that needed for contrails to form.
  al appearance of the sky".                                                    As NOAA meteorologist Thomas Schlatter explains, for eveid
       Caldeira was so concerned he went public, warning that deflect-      short-lived condensation trails to form, "we're talking tempera
  ing sunlight would further cool the stratosphere, concentrating icy       tures lower than about minus 76 degrees Fahrenheit, and hun idit~
  cloudi of ozone-gobbling CFCs that could destroy Earth's solar            at jet altitudes of 70 percent or more".                            f
   radtanon shr ld. (SC.CAR worn; r rrso                                        Smart sent her findings to Transport Canada with a request=for
          as e s y shield experiment a rea y un erway? Deep Sky             art' explanation of how contrails could form when they coiJdn't
   hinted that it was.                                                      "It is my understanding," she wrote, "that the only way to form jet
        Were the tankers involved in weather modification? Our FAA          trails at yesterday's 16w humidity is to,introduce very fine particu-
   source hesitated before responding. "That approximates what I            lates into the atmosphere." . -
   was told."                                                                   Smart's homework Mt like hardball. According to the National
        For the third interview we rephrased ourkey question Were           Center for Atmospheric Reseathh in Boulder, Colorado the only
    the tankers repeatedly observed on ATC radars involved in cli-           way to form artificial clouds in warm dry air is to introaiiëe
    mate modification? I caught my breath as Deep Sky confirmed              enough particulates into the atmosphere to attract and acerete alj
   that this is what hewas told was the object of the missions.              available moisture mto'visible vapour. If repeated often enough,
        Here at last was our "smoking nuke" admission. After years of        the resulting rainless haze can lead to drought
   "airliner" double-speak; we could now corroborate Deep Sky's                 Following standard procedure to ignore all evidence contradict-
    report of military aircraft dispensing reflective, materials with an     ing the official ling. Transport Canada's Randy Phillips responded
    earlier report by a Canadian aviation official.                          by advising Smart to check out the "urban legends" website ridi-
        On December 8, 2000 Terry Stewart, the Manager for Planning          culing.chemtrails.
    and Environment at the Victoria International Airport, had broken           Col. Walter Washbaugh3 Chief of the Congressional Inquiry
    this story`wide open when he responded to a callers.complaint the        Division for the Secretary of the Air Force in Washirigton,'DC,
    previdus'day of Xs circles and grids being woven over the British        also calls chemtrails"a.hoax". Inan.Aprij 20, 2001, letter to a US
   ,Columbia capitol. Leaving a message on an answering machine              senator, Washbaugh blamed the increased number of contrails on
    tape, later heard by more than 15 million radio listeners, the pub-      "significant civil aviation growthin the past decade".
    lic servant explained: "It's a'military exercise, US and. Canadian           He was right. A Natiohal Science Foundation study has found
     Aft Force -ekercisethat's going on. They wouldn't give me, any           that, in certain heavy traffic corridors, artificial cloud,cover has
     specifics on it"
        Stewart added that he found the inci=.:.
     dent—one of hundreds repbrted over
     Canada's west coast since the fall of 1998—
    "very odd".                     ,$:, .
      ' Taskedwith defending Canadian airspace.,
    'in' the region;-CFB Cotnox'chose instead to
     defend a:classifred collaboration. "No mili-
     tary operation is taking place;" the bar
     information officer tersely told me when .
     called for details. But Stewart' later told the,
     Vancouver Cou&i-'that his information had
     come directly from CFB Comox.

   CONTRAILSvs CHEMTRAILS
     Across the strait from the island air base, a
   concerned mother of three children was
   noticing that people in Gibsons were coming;
   down with ailments that coincided with''
   constant chemtrail activity. Suzanne Smart's
ci husband contracted asthi_a; their children                    Chemtraii grid pattern over Atlanta, Georgia, USA, October 2000,
   were always sniffling and coughing. Smart


    NOVEMBER— DECEMBER 2001                                     www.nexusmagazine.com                                  NEXUS New Times • 13
increased by as much as 20 per cent since the jet age took off. Dr    SEEING IS BELIEVING?
Patrick Minnis, a CERES atmospheric researcher and ardent               In the end, it has proved impossible to continpe skywriting
chemtrails critic at NASA's Langley Rescarch Center, reports that     giant billboards advertising government duplicity, while insisting
cirrus cloud cover over the United States is up five per cent over-   they are not there. By the summer of 2001, the controversy
all because particulates in engine exhaust are acting as cloud-       entered a new phase. Pictures of contrails were being distributed
forming nuclei. As the number of flights currently exceeds 15         to newspapers by the Associated Press, and "chemtrails" could be
million annually worldwide, the NSF, NASA and EPA predict             overheard in coffee shop conversations across an entire continent
artificial clouds will intensify as air travel continues climbing        When it comes to chemtrails, seeing is disbelieving official dis-
sharply.                                                              information. As public awareness grows; people like war veteran '
    What about chemtrails? Colonel Washbaugh ascribed widely          David,Oglesby are looking up. The 11 fat, plumes fanning out
reported grid patterns' to overlapping aircraft flying north-south,   over his Coarsegold, California, home did it for Oglesbylast June.
east-west airways. The only thing,wrong with this explanation, an        "The trails formed a grid pattern" he told WoridNetfaily,.
air traffic controller told me in Texas, "s that US airways do not    News. "Some stretched from horizon to horizon. Some begat:
run north-south.                                                      abroptly, and others ended abruptly. They hung in the air for a
    The biggest laugh came when the                                                                  extended period of time and gradual•
colonel told the senator; "The Air                                                                  ly widened into wispy clouds resen
Force is not conducting any weather                                                                  bling spider webs."
 modification and has uo plans to do so                                                                 A retired US Air Force radar i
 in the future?                                                                                      named Shimera called a col 5iel
     In fact, attempts to steer hurricanes                                                           responsible for all military oera-
 by spraying heat-robing chemicals in                          nited States is up                    tioris in central California. "What
 their paths began in the 1950s. The                                                                 would you say if I said there are
 recipe for creating "cirrus shields"                           coverallbecause -.                   three aircraft up there right now?"
 was outlined in an unusually arrogant                         1engine exhaustare                    Shimera asked. "Are they there?"
 US Air Force study. Subtitled                                                                          "No," the colonel replied. "They
  • Owning the Weather by 2025", the                           tudformmg nuclei.                     are not there."
 1996 report explained how "weather                                                                     The Houston study is not so easily
 force specialists" were dispersing                                                                  dismissed. Mark Steadham .was
 chemicals behind high-flying tanker                                                                 looking for contrails when he started
 aircraft in a process.the air force calls "aerial obscuration".       observing the skies over this busy Texas hub last winter. Using
       fficial dens s reached new altitu es of absurdity when anoth-   FAA trackingsoftware called Flight Explorer to identify each air-
  ercolonel'claimed; "The US AirForcedoes hot conductspraying          craft, Steadham clocked contrails trailing from Boeing,
 operations over populated areas." .USAF spokeswoman Margaret          McDonnell-Douglas and Airbus airliners. Ali but two of these
  Gidding told a Spokane newspaper. "The Air Force doesn't do          condensation trails solilimed inm invisibility within five t020 sec-
  anything that emits anything other than a normal eontrait. which . onds; the only exceptions persisted for two and 25 minutes.
  is vapor-"                                                             Flight Explorer: does not show altitudes for military jets, but,
     So were their replies. Apparently Anderson and Gidding had        according to'4he FAA, tankers and transports usually transir:conti-
  forgotten how US Air Force spray planes crippled'a,country and a     nental airspace at around 30,000 feet to ensure safe separation
  culture by dispensing over Vietnam thousands of toils of "Agent from airliners flying between 35,000 and 39,000'feet Military
  Orange" defoliants containing dioxin toxins as hazardous as          "heavies" flying below 30,000 feet should not leave contrails at
  plutonium.                                                         "all. Major-General Gregory Barlow, confirms that Air .Force
                                                                                              tankers do.not perform refuelling missions
                                                                                              at'eontrail-forming altitudes.
                                                                                                 But Steadhain found just, the opposite in
                                                                                              his study. While observing'air traffic for 63
                                                                                              days, the Houston skywatcher found that
                                                                                              thick white plumes laid by similar-sized
                                                                                              military aircraft.—at the same time, in the
                                                                                              same airspace as 20-second airliner con-
                                                                                              trails—lingered for four weight hours.

                                                                                              GLOBAL CHEMTRAIL REPORTS
                                                                                                'Sightings of oddly lingering plumes
                                                                                              sometimes resembling rocket trails are not
                                                                                              confined to North American skies.
                                                                                                 While on leave in~I1y in the summer of
                                                                                              1999, the US Navy's Kitty Chastain sat on
                                                                                             iher l•iotel balcony and watched aerial grids
                                                                                              being laid all day just offshore over the Bay
                                                                                              of NNa lees. 'People 'were coughing all ove
                                                                                             'Naples," she wrote. On the bus ride in from
                                                                                              the base, Chastain explained chemtrails tp
          'Weeping' chemtrail photographed over Vancouver, Canada, June 2001.                 many sailors with hacking cough`.


 14 • NEXUS New Times                                      www.nexusmagazine.2om                          NOVEMBER — DECEMBER 2001
       On October 12 that same year, a Paris
  correspondent reported "...heavy activity
   from ;all; directions, .X upon X. The
   pilots here seem to like to play chicken;
   they fly right at each other and then one
   will swerve, their trails forming pitch-
   forks and Xs." No contrails were being
   left by "normal planes" in the same
   skies. But the next day, planes flying
   over Paris "from all directions" obscured
   the sky with more Xs that continued into
   the evening.
        In Spain on April 27, 2000, American
    tourist John Hendricks dashed off a
   quick email from El Cafe de Internet:
   "Were we surprised to see that the them-
    trails are as bad here as they aM   any-
-_ where, both in Mallorca and. in
    Barcelona." He and his wife "took,plen-
    ty of pictures" before noticing a postcard
    they'd bought captured a perfect'chem-
    trail.                                                    Chemtrait grid pattern photographed over las Vegas; Nevada, USA, 1999,
        "Add Sweden to the list," a. SH{edish resident wrote after spot-           David Hawkins, a lawyer for the Natural Resources Defense '
    ting eight to 10 $rallet'trails and contracting flu for the first time      Council, speaks for "about a quarter-million Americans who have
    in years. Weather conditions at the time were not conducive to              died prematuiely as result of fine-particle exposure".
    contrail formation. "I know the commercial mutes, and we have a - That number maybe boosted sharply by chemtrail spraying.
  • bunch of them, butnot where these trails were?'                            'On December 14, 2000, the New England Journafof Medicine
         Chemtrail activity has been reported in at least 14 allied nations     reported. that inhalingyarticulate matter of a size 10 microns or
     in`clnding Australia, Belgium, Britain, Canada, France, Germany,           smaller leads to "a S% increased death rate within 24 hours
     Holland, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand, Scotland, Sweden and the                Teller's sunscreen calls for spraying 10 million tons of talcum=
     United States. Croatian chemtrails began the day after that                fine reflective-pamculatesof 10 to 10Omicron sizes.
     country joined NATO..                                                          Allergte.reactions.to airborne fallout do not explain the entire
                                                                                syndrome of chemtrail-related illness. Falling blood temperatures
     ATMOSPHERIC ORGANISMS                                                      accompanying symptoms of intense yetfeverless "flu" is a classic
         Many chemtrail observers note that chemtrails are often laid           sign'of chronic.f iliac infeetion:`.Blamed for a liost of auto-
     down'at the leading "edge. of approaching frontal systems. While           immune.dysfurictiou; from.chronie.fatigue to`fibromyaldia'and
     rare sundogs" form ice-crystal circles around the Sun in advance           multiple:sclerosis:the fungus within us also signals its presence in
     of strong winds, much more common "chemdogs" create urismat-               sharp joint' pain, sudden extreme fatigue;"sudden dizziness;mental
     ic'solar halos during stable weather.                                      confusion and short-temi memory loss.
         Mote and more observers, like this Vancouver resident; wonder              After nearly 'three years. of intense investigation, I have found
     why "on the days of heavy spraying you will notice a rainbow               no proof that chemtrails edustimte a deliberate biological attack
      around theSun. Many more.people wholhave been healthy all                  Reseaich for my books on the Gull biowar and earlier germ war-
      their lives wonder why they keep getting, desperately sick when-           fare`experiments (Bringing The War Nome; Scorched Earthy
      ever the chetitplanes appears                                             show that bio-attacksare.conducted at low level and never in day,
         Unlike the refined aluminum m cooking utensils that is tenu-           jl     :in order to avoid ultraviolet sterilisation of toxins.
      ously linked to Alzheimer's disease, aluminum oxide is as inert as            The 6ioha ~rds:mclienmails may be bad LUC. The ".Law of
      sand and is not considered toxic.-:.                                       UnintéiiH     .onsequences"'states that every human intervention
         But in a story headlined "'Tire$articles can kill", the August s,       creates unpredictable consequences. Chemtrails can cause
      2000 edition of New Scientist reported that "city-dwellers in              drought by soaking up all available moisture, and drooping chem-
      Europe and the US are dying young because of microscopic parti-            ical curtains fall through vast colonies of UV-mutated bacteria,
      cles m the air".                                                           viruses and fungi living in the upper atmosphere. Could these
         Looking at byproducts of hydrocarbon burning, a Harvard                 malevolent micro-organisms be piggy-backing on the plumes?
       School of Public Health teamydetermined particulates with a.                 A series of balloon flights made in the US during the 1960s col-
       diameter less than. '10 microns as being a serious thteat to public       lected startling stratospheric samples swarming with bacteria and
       health. (A human hair is about 100 microns across.) In 1987, US           fungi as well as viruses, bigger than any known at the.ttme.
       environmental regulations limited airborne concentrations of par-            If viruses fall from.the sky most would land in the sea.
       ticlesiess than 10 microns in diameter.                                   Dipping their beakers into coastal seawater, scientists found as
      • 'But air pollution has grown worse. On April 21, 2001, the New            many as 10 million large vines-like particles per quart, As one
       York Times warned: "These microscopic motes are able to infil-             researcher said: "No one knows where the come from or what
       trate the tiniest compartments in the lungs and pass readily into          they do. Their size an' ' . pe match the virus-like panic es ound
       the bloodstream, and have been most strongly tied to illness and 'rntheupper atmosphere."
       early death, particularly in people who are already susceptible to
       respiratory problems?                                                                                                       ontinued_on page 72


   NOVEMBER — DECEMBER 2001                                       www.nexusmagazine.com                                    NEXUS New Times • 15
                                                  lierittrails: ~ Covert'Clirriate Control?-
          W..:                                     PUBLICCONCERN SPREADS'
  _'Conirdued;frotn page.J S                                                                      References
                                                      Are we worried yet? An: August 2001          • Vancouver Courier chemtrails coverage:
   Other life-forms, even tinier than bacte-       WorldNetfaily poll asked Americans: "Do         wwwvancorderxon 85101/newslog5161nnl.html
 ria, are also thriving in our atmosphere.         you think'cheintrails' are anything to worry    • WoddNeiDailychemtrails coverage:
  The discoverer of nanobacteria, Dr Robert        about?"                                         www.woddnetdaily.cominewslaztid e.asp?
  Folk, describes the most populous organ-            Forty-three per cent answered "Yes";         ARTl cLEJD=24152
  isms on Earth as "dwarf forts of bacteria4       another 30 per, cent wanted. ;more              • Mark Steadham's Houston contrails study
  abourone-tenth the diameter and 1/1000th         information on chemtrails.-4 total..73 per      www.rbemirai centrai.com/reportshttl
  the'voiume ofordlnary bacteria". `               cent of US respondents concerned about          • 'Tiny Bits of Soot Tied to Illness , New York
     The Prolessor. Ernenhrs at the Umversity      chemtmiLs.                                      Tunes, April 21, 2001, www.nyttmess.eornl -
  of Texas figures that. these ultra-tiny bugs        As lawyers across the. US discuss; filing    2001/04/211sdence2lAIR.htn l
 •are "possibly an order of magnitude more         the "Mother of All bws iitC aRaidst             • NOAA meteomlogat Thomas Schlatter.
  abundant" titan norm bacteria that swarm         Boerng,.Bush and the US Air Force, their       .www.weatherwise.org/qr iy.chemtrailJitm1
  everywhere.                                      case now appears tight enough to force fur-
     Since chemtrails are commonly spread          therdisclosures.                               About the Author.
  over populated areas where temperature              The last glaring evidential gap—photos      William Thomas specialises in health.a
- differentials are greatest and solar shading     9f ground-based chemtrail operations—          environment issues. His award-winnf,g
  most needed, it is probable that particulate-    may soon be forthcoming                        writing has appeared in more than 50 publi-
   j den plumes are precipitating airbor, -           What to do?'                                cations in eight countries. His editoria • pm-
                                                                                                  mentarfes have been published in Thetlobe
   viruses, bacteria and fungi down into              A British campaigner involved in anoth-
                                                                                                  and Mail, Toronto Star, Vancouver Sun and
  human lungs and respiratory s stems              er bid to reclaim individual sovereignty and
                                                                                                  Times-Colonist newspapers as well as .Earth
   unable to recognise or resist the alien         local autonomy held out the best hope for      Island Journal and Ecodecision magazines.
  invaders.                                        change when she told a CRC radio inter-        He has also appeared on CBC radio and Tv,
     This possibility was further strengthened     viewer.                                        CNN and New Zealand riational'television.
   when Dr Folk chose a lightweight metal as          "The only wad to get government to do       His articles, "Poison from the Sky: the
   a matrix to grow bugs too small to be seen      anything is if enough people stand up and      'Chemtrails' Crisis" and Probing the
   by optical microscopes. Folk viewed under       shout,       isridiculousl"                    'Chemtrails' Conundrum", were published in
  electronic magnification entire ecologies of        Stay tuned. With chemtrails confirmed       NEXUS 6/03 and. 7/02 -respectively:•He. can.
   swarming nanobac, The bacteria were             as a military operatron'aimed'at climate       be contacted by email at willthomaso
   feasting on (he called it "metabolising")        modification, the biggest trial is about to   telus.riet, or via-his Lifeboat News webstte,
   aluminum                                         begin—in the court of public opinion. ••      www.lifeboamews.com.


          OVOCATIVE, CONTROVERSIAL'
              D: CHALLENGING
                                                                              A,Property in Paradise
                                                                              Live atop the magnificent Blackalf Ranges (1300 in SE
     THE UNTOLD STORY QT JESUS AND IIIS'                                      Queensland, Australia. Situated with panoramic south-
                                                                            southwestern views over the beautiful Lake Baroon,. along
       `RN BROTIIUt, JUD.%S MIRLSTUS                                                  sought-after Western Avenue, Montville.;
                                                                              Easyaccess to everywhere - Maleny (15mins), Noosa
     Mystery and intrigue surround the
     church web of deceitcorruption,
                                                                                Beach (55mins), Maroochydore Nrport'(35mins), or
     muider and debauchery.                                                           Brisbane Intemational.Akport (75mihs). '
    InTHE BIBLE FRAUD,you will find                                            Come t0.where the air i5 clean andcool-ln the.summer-
    the truth about Rabbi Jesus and'                                         time, where the soil Is rich andfertile,th@:bird and wildlife
    his twin brother, their birth,                                          is abundant, where you are away fromthe hustle-bustle, or
    marriages and deaths;as well as                                              just 1 minute away from a cappuccino in.Montville.
    the bloodlines that have resulted
    from evems oI that time.                                                A one-acre property, with a 15 year old brick house, 4 bed-
              Available I,                                                    rooms; master with ensuite; fantastic views from kitchen,
        Deluxe Hord Cover and                                               dining and living areas; separate lounge; 5-bay carport with
           Paperback Edrdon.                                                 sealed driveway; Western Avenue road frontage;.gardens
                                                                             with beautiful rock walls; mature.rnacadamia nut and other
                                                                                            fruit trees; and plenty of water.
                                                                              Suit home based office,.as the house has 8 phone lines;
                                                                             plus most rooms have ethemet cabling. Currently has low
                                                                              maintenance lawn and garden area, but you can change
                                                                                    that easily if desired. Anything, will grow here.
        Order worldwide on our website or
    LOCALCALL 1300 888 221 within Australia                                       AUD#350,000 or USD$175,000 or STC,i?125,000
                                                                                       Contact Owners c/- NEXUS Magazine
                                                                                     PO Box 30, Mapleton Old 4560 Australia
                                                                                  Tel: +61 7 5442 9280 or Fax: +61 7 5442 9381
          •n.    pACF,C taro    ptr,C      TRADE EMQUDUES WELCOME                       Email: editor@nexusmagazine.com

   72 • NEXUS New Times                                        www.nexusmagazirie.com                           NOVEMBER — DECEMBER 2001
                                       1- PATHOGENIC MYCOPLASMA
                                       A Common Disease Agent Weaponised


                                       T
                                                   here are 200 species of Mycoplasma. Most are innocuous and do no hams only
                                                    four or five are pathogenic. Mygoplasmd femuntans (incognitus strain)•probably
                                                   conies from the nucleus of the Brucella bacterium. This disease agent is not a
                                                    bacterium and not a virus; it is a mutated form of the Bruce/la bacterium, com-
   Several strains of                    bined with a visna virus, from which the mycoplasma is extracted.
                                            The pathogenic Mycoplasma used to be very innocuous, but biological warfare:research
   mycoplasma have                       conducted between •1942 and he.present time has resulted in the creation of more deadly
                                         `and tnTecuous forms of Mycoplasma. Researchers extracted this mycoplasma from the
   been "engineered"                     Brute/la bacterium and actually reduced the disease to a crystalline forma .They
    to become more                       "weaponised" it and•tested it:on an unsuspecting public in NorthAmerica.;
                                            Dr aurice Hillehan, chief virologist for the pharmaceutical company Merck Sharp'&
       dangerous.                        Doltme, statedTat this disease agent is nowcarried by everybody k North. America and
                                          possibly mostpeople throughout the world:                 _
                                            Despite reporting. flaws,ahere has clearly been an increased incidence of all the
                                         neuro/systemic degenerative disEasrc sin&.World War II and especially since the 1970s
                                     '.. with the arrival obprevtously unheard-oQ-;diseases like chronic fatigue syndrome and
  They are now being                     AIDS.
                                            According to Df'Shyh-Ching Lo, senior researcher at The Armed Forces: Institute of
   blamed for AIDS,                      Pathology and one of America's top mycoplasma researchers, this disease agent causes.`
                                          many illnesses including AIDS, cancer, chronic fatigue syndrome, Crohn's colitis,' vp j
   cancer, CFS, MS,                    ,.,diabetes, multiple sclerosis Parkinson's disease, Wegener's dtcnte and collagen-vascular
     CJD and other                        diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and Alzheimer's.
                                            Dr Charles Engel, who is with theUS National Institutes of Health; Bethesda
    neurosystemic                        1\Yarylana, stated, the following at an NIB meeting on February 7,2000- "I am now of the
                                          view that=the probable cause.of`ohronic"fatigue syndrome and ftbromyalgia is the
       diseases.                          mycoplasma." '
                                            I have all the official documents to prove that mycoplasma is the.disease agent in
                                          chronic fatigue syndromelftbromyalgia as well as in AIDS, multiple sclerosis;and.many
                                          other illnesses. Of these, 80% are US or Canadian official Qovemmentdocuments, and
                                         20% are articles from peer-reviewed journalssuch'as the Journal of the AmerCoi fedical
                                         Association, New England Journal of Medicine avid the Canadian Medical, Association
                                         Journal. The journal articles and government documents complement each other.

                                        How the Mycoplasma Works
      by Donald  W Scott;-    4
                                          The mycoplasma acts by entering into the individual cells of the body, depending upon
                                        your genetic predisposition.
        MA, MSc:© 2001                    You may develop neurologgitcal diseases if the pathogen destroys certain cells in .your
             President . . ... -        brain, or you may develop Crohn's colitis ifthe pathogen invades and destroys cells in the
        The          Cause             T       bowel.
   ;Medical Research Foundation        'ice the mycoplasma gets into the cell, it can lie there doing nothing sometimes for 10,
  190 Mountain Street, Suite 405        20 or 30 years, but if a trauma occurs like an accident or a vaccination that doesn'f.take,
 Sudbury, Onfarto :Canada P3B 4G2;      the mycoplasma can become triggered.
     Tel/fax +1(705)670 0180              Because it is only the DNA particle of the bacterium, it dnecn't have any organelles to
                                        process its own nutrients, so it grows by uptatdng pre-formed sterols from its host cell and

SEPTEMBER - OCTOBER 2001                           www.nexusmagazine.com                                   NEXUS New Times • 17
it literally kills the cell; the cell ruptures and what is left gets      They had produced a crystalline bacterial toxin extracted from'
dumped into the bloodstream.                                           the Brucella bacterium. The bacterial toxin could be removed in
                                                                       crystalline form and stored, transported and deployed without
 11— CREATION OF THE MYCOPLASMA                                        deteriorating. It could be delivered by other vectors such as
 A Laboratory-Made Disease Agent                                       insects, aerosol or the food chain (in nature it is delivered within
    Many doctors don't know about this mycoplasma disease agent        the bacterium). But the factor that is working in the Brucella is
 because it was developed by the'US military in biological warfare     the mycoplasma.
 experimentation and it was not made public. This pathogen was            Brucella is a disease agent that doesn't kill people it disables,`"
 patented by the United States military and Dr Shyh-Chin_g Lo. I       them. But, according to Dr. Donald MacArthur of the Pentagon;
 have a copy of the documented patent from the US Patent Office!       appearing before a congressional committee in 1969,' researchors
    All the countries at war were experimenting :with biological       found that if they had mycoplasma at a certain strength—actually,
 weapons. In 1942, the governments of the United States, Canada        10 to the 10th power (10'°)—it would develop into AIDS, and e
 and Britain entered into a secret agreement to create two types of    person would.die from it within a reasonable period of ti e
 biological wea ons (one that would kill; add one that was'dis-        because it could bypass the naturat human defences. If t 'e
 abling) or use inthe war against .Germanyand Japan, who were          strength was 10', the person would manifest with chronic fazig
so developing biological weapons. While they researched a
 al                                                                    syndrome or fibromyalgia. If it was 10', they would'presen't
 number of diwace pathogens, they primarily                                                  wasting; they wouldn't die and they;wotil t
 focused on the Brucella bacterium and                                                      be disabled, but they would not very i ; er
 began to weaponise it.                                                                      ested in life; theywould waste away,>j
    From its inception, the, biowarfare pro-                                                    Most ofus, have never heard:o the isease
 gram was characterised by continuing in-                                                    brucellosis because ic,largely disappeared
 depth review and participation by the most                                            I.    when they began pasteurising milk;:whieh
 eminent scientists, medical consultants,                                                    was the carrier. One salr'shaker of tlte;pdre
 industrial experts and government officials,              any doctors .                     disease agent in a crystalline•fonn could 514-
 and it was classified Top Secret                   Joni know about this.                    en the entire populationoiCanada:= It is
    The US Public Health Service also closely                                                absolutely.deadly; not:so,much in terms of
 followed the progress of biological warfare        m~r~ccopslasma :disease                  killingthebodytiut disabling it
 research and development from the very
 start of the program, and the Centers for
                                                    agent:- because it was                     Because the:;crystallme disease agent:g4es
                                                                                             ihto solution inahe blood, ordinary blood:and,
 Disease Control (CDC)' and the National
                                                      developed;by-The                       tissue tests will.nob.ipveal:its;presenct.>1he
 Institutes of Health (NIH) in the United:
 Shies were working wi         a military
                                                       . us military in                      mycoplasma will: onrycrystalhse at $:l`pl,
                                                                                                   na 3du blobd•has a ply Of 7:4ffi4, -So
 in- weaponrsing_these diseases. These                liolopcal warfar                             the doctor thrnksyour;complaint istall
 are diseases that have existed for thou,             experimentatiionT                            inyourhead"
 sands of years, but they have been.,
 weaponised—which means they've                                . °Divas' not                     Crystalline`'Brucella and Multiple';
 been made more contagious and more                                                              Sclerosis
 effective. And they are spreading.
                                                                  e public                         In 1998-in ,Rochester; New`Yotk :l
    The Special Virus Cancer Program,                                                            metaformer military:man: PFC:Donald
 created by the CIA and NIH.to develop.,                                                         Bentley, who gave mera"document=and
 a deadly pathogen for which..homanit                                                            told me:. "I was; in: he US Arniy,-aqd:I
 had no natural immunity (AIDS), *a5 1                                                           was trained in bacteriological "warfare
.disguised as a war on cancer but.war ;                                                          We. were handling a bomb-filled-with
 actually part of MKNAOMJ! Many                                                                  brucellosis, only it'wasn't.bnitellosis:.it',
 members of the Senate an Ijouse of                                                              was a nicella toxinin crystaliin&Wnni
 Representatives do not know what has                                                            We were spraying it on the Cliinesand
 been going on. For example, the US Senate Committee on                North Koreans."
 Government Reform had searched the archives in Washington and           He showed me his certificate listing his-training in:chemicsl"
 other places for the document titled "The Special Virus Cancer        biological and radiological warfare. Then he showed me 16'pages
 Program: Progress Report No. 8", and couldn't find it. Somehow        of documents given to him. by the US military when. he was dis-
 they heard Thad it, called me and asked me to mail it to them         charged from the service: They linked brucellosis with multiple
 Imagine: a retired schoolteacher being called.by the United States    sclerosis, and stated in one section: "Veterans wit '.multiple scle-
 Senate and asked for one of their secret documents! The US            rosis, a kind of creeping paralysis developing to a degree of 10%
 Sew-ate, through the Government Reform Committee, is trying to        or more disability within two years after separation from active
 stop this type of government research.                                service, may be presumed to be service-connected for disability
                                                                       compensation. Compensation is payable to eligible veterans
Crystalline Brucella                                                   whose disabilities are due to service." In other words: "If you
  The title page of a genuine US Senate Study, declassified on         become ill with multiple sclerosis, it is because you were handling
February 24, 1977, shows that George Merck, of the pharmaceuti-        this Brucella, and we will give you a pension. Don't go raising
cal company, Merck Sharp & Dohme (which now makes cures for            any fuss about it." In these documents, the government of the
diseases that ar one time ii created), reported in 1946 to the US      United States revealed evidence of the cause of multiple sclerosis,
Secretary of War that his researchers had managed "for the first       but they didn't make it known to the public—or to your doctor.
time" to "isolate the disease agent in crystalline form"'                 In a 1949 iepurt, Drs Kyger and Haden suggested "the possibili-

18 • NEXUS New Times                                       www.nexusmagazine.com                            SEPTEMBER —OCTOBER 2001
ty that multiple sclerosis might be a central nervous system mani-      came from a forest fire 30 miles away. The truth is that those
festation of chronic rucellosis". Testing approximately 113 MS          ri~osquitces were infected in Canada by Dr Guilford B. Reed at
patients, they found that almost 95% also tested positive for           Queen's University. They were bred in Belleville, Ontario, and ;
Bnrcella' We have a document from a medical journal, which              taken down to Punta Gorda and released there.
concludes that one out of 500 people who had brucellosis would             Within a week, the first five cases ever of chronic fatigue
develop what they call neurobmcellosis; in other words, brucel-         syndrome were reported to the local clinic in Punta Gorda. The
losis in the brain, where the Brucella settles in the lateral ventri-   cases kept coming untjl finally 450 people were ill with the
cles—where the disease multiple sclerosis is basically located.'        disease.

Contamination of Camp Detrick lab Workers                               Testing via Mosquito Vector in Ontario
   A 194WNiry England Journal of Medicine report titled "Acute             The Government of Canada had established the Dominion
Brucellosis Among Laboratory Workers" shows us how acy                  Parasite Laboratory in Belleville, Ontario, where it raised 1001
dangerous this agent is? The laboratory workers were from camp          million mosquitoes a month. These were shipped to Queen's•'
Detrick, Frederick. Maryland, where they were developing bio-           University and certain other facilities to be infected with this crys
logical weapons. Even though these workers had been vaccinat-           talline disease agent. The mosquitoes were then let loose in e
ed, wore rubberised suits and masks and worked through holes in         taro communities in the middle of thenight, sa•that t
the compartment. -many of them came down with this awful'dis'           researchers could determine how many people'would become
ease because it is so absolutely and terrifyingly infectious.           with chronic fatigue syndrome or fibromyalgia, which bias tjt
   The article was written by Lt Calderone Howell, Marine Corps,        first-disease to show.
Ca rain Edward Miller, Marine Corps, Lt Emily. Kelly, United               One of the communities they tested it on was the St Lawrence
  tales Naval Reserve,.and Captain Henry Bookman. They were             Seaway valley, all the way from Kingston to Cornwall, t
all military personnel engaged .in making the disease agent             They let out hundreds of millions of infected mosquitoes: Over.
Brucella into a more effective biologi-                                                             700 people in the next four or five
cal weapon.                                                                                           weeks        developed        myalgic
                                                                                                      encephalomyelitis, or chronic fatigue
111— COVERT TESTING OF                                                                                syndrome.
MYCOPLASMA                                     Documented::evidence:proves
Testing the Dispersal Methods
   Documented evidence proves that
                                                that the biological: weapons                        IV COVERT TESTING OF
                                                                                                    OTHER DISEASE AGENTS
 the biological weapons they were                  they were developing .                           Mad Cow Disease/Kuru/CID i
                                                                                                    the Fore Tribe
developing were tested. on the .public
in various-commumhes without their
                                                were tested on;.the.public in                         Before and during World War IL
knowledge or consent.                          various communitieswithout                           at the infamous Camp 731 in
  'Thegovernment knew that crys-                                                                    Manchuria, the Japanese military
 talliiie Brucella would cause disease-          their Ccnowl'edg_e or consent.                     contaminated pnsoners of war with
 in humans. Now they needed to                                                                      certain disease agents.
determine how it would spread and                                                                 - -.they also established a research
the best way to disperse it. They test-                                                             camp in New Guinea in 1942. There 1
ed dispersal methods for BruceUa suis and Bruce la melireasis at     theyexperimented upon the Fore Indian tribe and inoculated thern
Dugway ProvinjOround, Utah. in June and September 1952. will[ a minced-up version of the brains o~seased sheep contain-
Probably, Th0% of us noware infected with Brucella Buis      and    ing the visna virus which causes "mad cow disease" or
Brucella meliteasis.!                                               Creutzfel t— a isease.                                          -
   Another governmencdocument recommended the genesis of                About five or six years later, after the Japanese had been driven
po en-air vulnerability tests and coven research and development    out, the poor people of the Fore tribe developed what they called
programs to be conducted by the-Army and supported by the           kin-u, which was their word for "wasting",, and they began to
Central Intelligence Agency.                                        shake, Jose their appetites and die The autopsies revealed that
 • At that time, the Government of Canada was asked by the US       ht eir brains had literally turned to mush. They had contracted
Government to cooperate in' testing weaponised Brucella, and        "mad cow disease" from the Japanese experiments.
Canada cooperated fully with the United. States. The US                 When World War H ended, Dr Ishii Shiro--the medical doctor
Government wanted to determine whether mosquitoes would-             who was commissioned as a General in the Japanese Army so he
carry the disease and also if the air would carry it A government    could take command of Japans biological warfare development,
report stated that "open-air testing of jnfestlaus biologiesagents_ testing and deployment—was captured. He was given thb choice-
is considered'essential to an ultimate understanding of biological  of a job with the United States Army or execution as a war crimi-
 warfare potentialities because of the many unknown factors          nal. Not surprisingly, Dr Ishii Shiro chose to work with the US
affecting the degradation of micro-organisms in the atmosphere"'     military to demonstrate how the Japanese had created mad cow
                                                                     disease in the Fore Indian tribe.
Testing via Mosquito Vector in Punta Gorda, Florida                     In 1957, when the disease was beginning to blossom in full
   A report from The New England Journal of Medicine reveals         among the Fore people, Dr Carleton Gajdusek of the US National
 that one of the first outbreaks of chronic fatigue syndrome was in  Institutes of Health headed to New Guinea to determine how the
 PuntaGoia,.fipjj4a back in 1957.10 It was a strange coincidence     minced-up brains of the visna-infected sheep affected them. He
 than  a week before these people came down with chronic fatigue     spent a couple of years there, studying the Fore people, and wrote
syrtdrome, there was a huge influx of mosquitoes                     an extensive report. He won 'the Nobel Prize for 'discovering"
   The National Institutes of Health claimed that the mosquitoes     kuru disease in the Fore tribe.

SEPTEMBER - OCTOBER 2001                                    www.nexusmagazine.com                                  NEXUS New Times '19
:r
'Testing Carcinogens over Winnipeg, Manitoba                                 urally exist, and for which no natural immunity could have been
      in 1953, the US Government asked the Canadian Government               acquired."
  if it could test a chemical over the city of Winnipeg. It was a big           Think about it. If you have a deficiency of acquired immunity.
  city with 500,000 people, miles from anywhere. The American                you have an acquired immunity deficiency. Plain as that. AIDS.
  military sprayed this carcinogenic chemical in a 1,          -attenuat-       In laboratories throughout the United States and in certain
 `ed form, which'they said would be so watered down that nobody              number in Canada including at the University of Alberta, the US
  would get very sick; however, if people came to clinics with a             Government provided the leadership for the development of£
  sniffle, a sore throat or ringing in their ears, the researchers would     for the purpose ofpopulation control. After the scientists had per-
       a le to determine what percentage would have developed can-           tected it, the government sent medical teams from the Centers for
  cer if the chemical had been used at full strength.                        Divan Control—under the,direction of Dr Donald A. Henderson.,
      We located evidence that the Americans had indeed tested this          their investigator irito the 1957 chronic fatigue epidemic in Puma
  carcinogenic chemical—zinc cadmium sulphide--over Winnipeg                 Gorda—during 1969 to 1971 to Africa and some countries such as
  in 1953. We wrote to the Government of Canada, explaining that             l ndb Nepal and Pakistan where they thought the po1ulation
   had solid evidence of the spraying and asking that we:be
  we                                                                         becoming too large.' They gave them all a free vaccination
  informed    as to how  high up  in the government   the request for per-   against    smallpox; but five years after receiving this vaccination
          to
  mission spray had gone. We did not receive reply.                          60%o(tthose inoculated were suffering from AIDS. They tried to i
      Shortly after, the Pentagon held a press conference on May 14,         blame it ona monkey, which is nonsense.
  1997, where they admitted what they had done. Robert Russo,                   A professor at the'University of Arkansas made the claim that
  writing for the   Toronto  SffiP'  rom  Vt ashmgton,  DC,  reported  the   while   'studying'    tissues of a dead chimpanzee she found traces
  Pentagon's admission that in 1953 it                                                                     of HIV. The chimpanzee that she had
  had obtained permission from the                                                                           teed was born in the United Statee'
  Canadian Government to fly over the                                                                        23 years earlier: It had lived its
  city of Winnipeg and spray out this                                                                        entire life in a US military laboratpçy
  chemical—which sifted down on kids                                                                         where it was used as an experimental
  going to school, housewives hanging
                                               The AIDS pathogen was created                                 animal in the developmenf_Till Se
  out their laundry and people going to          out of. a Brucella bacterium,:                              diseases. When it died; its body was
  work. US Army planes and trucks                                                                            shipped to a storage place where it
  released the chemical 36. times              mutated with a:visna;virus;.then                              was deep-frozen and stored in case
   between July and August 1953. 'The.        the toxin was removed         DNA                              they wanted to analyse it later. Then
                                                                                                             they decided that they didn't have
   Pentagon got its statistics, which indi-
  cated that if the chemical released           Particle                                                     enough space for it, so they said.
   had been. full strength, approximately                                                                    "Anybody want this dead chim-
   a third of the population of Winnipeg                                                                     panzee?" and this researcher' from
   would have developed cancers over                                                                         Arkansas said: "Yes. Send it down
   the next five years.                                                                                      to'the University of Arkansas. We
      One professor, Dr Hugh Fudenberg, MD, twice nominated for              are happy to get anything that we can get." They shipped it down
   the Nobel Prize, wrote a magazine article stating that the                and, she found HIV in:it That virus was acquired by that chim-
   Pentagon came clean on this because two researchers in Sudbury,.           panzee in the laboratories where it was tested.!'
   Ontario—'Don Scott and his son, Bill' Scott—had been revealing
   this to the: public. However, the legwork was done by other                Chronic Fatigue Syndrome/ Myalgic Encephalomyelitis
   researchers?                                                                  Chronic fatigue syndrome is more accurately called myalgic.
       The US Army actually conducted a series of simulated germ              encephalomyelitis. The chronic fatigue syndrome nomenclature
   warfare tests over Winnipeg. The Pentagon lied about the tests to          was given by the US National Institutes of Health because it
   the mayor, saying that they were testing a chemical fog over the           wanted to downgrade and belittle the disease.
   city, which would protect Winnipeg in the event of a.nuclear                  An MRI scan of the brain of a teenage girl with chrooic fatigue
   attack.                                                                 ' syndrome displayed a great many scars or punctate lesions in the
       A report commissioned by US Congress, chaired.by Dr Rogene             left frontal lobe area where'portibns of the brain had literally dis-
   Henderson, lists 32 American towns and cities used as test sites as        solved and been replaced by scar tissue. This caused roonitive_
   well.                                                                      impairment, memory impairment, etc. And what was the cause of
                                                                              the scarring! The mvcoolasma. So there is very concrete physi-
   V—    ORIICELLA      MYCOPLASMA           AND   DISEASE                    cal  evidence of these tragic diseases, even though doctors contin-
   AIDS                                                                       ue to say they don't know where it comes from or what they can
       The AIDS pathogen was created out of a Brucella bacterium              do about it.
    mutated with a visna virus; then the toxin was removed as a DNA              Many people with'ehronic fatigue s_vndrgme, mvalgic encepha-
    particle called a mycoplasma. They used the same mycoplasma               lo-m elitis and ftbromyalgia who apply to the Canada Pensions
    to develop disabling diseases like MS. Crohn's colitis, Lyme dis-            an Review Tribunal will be turned down because thcv' cannot
   ease.etc.                                                                  prove that they are ill. During 1999 I conducted several appeals
       In the previously mentioned US congressional document of a             to Canada Pensions and the Workers Compensation.Board.(WCB,
    meeting held on June 9,1969;;" the Pentagon delivered a report to         now the Workplace Safetyand Insurance Board1 behalf-of peo-
    Congress about biological weapons. The Pentagon stated: "We                ple who have been turned down. I provided documented evidence
    are continuing to develop disabling weapons." Dr MacArthur,               of these illnesses, and these people were all granted their pensions
    who was in charge of the research, said: "We are developing a             on the basis of the evidence that I provided.
    new lethal weapon, a synthetic biological agent that does not nat-           In March 1999, for example. I appealed to the WCB on behalf


  20 • NEXUS New Times                                          www.nexusmagazine.com                             SEPTEMBER —OCTOBER 2001
of a lady with fibromyalgia who had been denied her pension             feel all the aches andpains and all the damage it e,v,eto the-
back in 1993. The vice-chairman of the board came to Sudbury to         brain, the heart, the stomach, the feet and the whole body because
hear the appeal. and 1 showed him a number of documents which           blood and oxygen are cut off.
proved that this lady was physically ill with fibromyalgia. It was        And that is why people with lbromyalgia and chronic fatigue
a disease that caused physical damage, and the disease agent was        syndrome have such a terrible time. When the blood is cut off
a mycoplasma. The guy listened for three hours, and then he said        from the brain, punctate lesions appear because those parts of the
to me:' "Mr -Scott. how is it I have never heard of any of this         brain die. The mycoplas'ma will get into portions of the heart
before? I said: "We brought a top authority in this area into           muscle, especially the left ventricle, and those cells will die,'
Sudbury to speak on this subject and not a single solitary doctor       Certain people have cells in the lateral ventricles of the brain that !.
came'to that presentation."                                             have a genetic predisposition to admit the mycoplasma, and this
                                                                        causes the lateral ventricles to deteriorate and die. This leads to
VI — TESTING FOR MYCOPIASMA IN YOUR BODY                                multiple sclerosis, which will-progress until these people are total-?
Polymerase Chain Reaction Test                                          ly disabled: frequently, they 'die prematurely. The mycoplasma
   Information is not generally available about this agent because,     will get into the lower bowel, pans of which will die, thus causmgh
first of all, the mvcoplasma is such.a minutely small disease           colitis. All of these diseases are caused by the degenerating prop;
agent: A hundred years ago, certain medicaltheoreticians con-           dries of the mvcoplasma.
ceived that there must be a form of disease                                                      In early 2000, a gentleman in Sudbur
agent smaller than bacteria and viruses. This                                                  phoned me and told me he had fibromyalgi
pathogenic organism, the mycoplasma, is so                                                     He applied for a pension and was turn(d
minute that normal blood and tissue tests                                                                                            .jal
                                                                                               down because his doctor said it was.all     is.
will not reveal its presence as the source of                                                  head and there was no external evidet &. I
the disease.                                                                                   gave him the proper form and a vial, and he
   Your doctor may diagnose you with                                                           sent his blood to Dr Simpson to be.tested.,
Alzheimer's disease, and he will say:                  This pathogenic                         He did this with his family doctors approval,
"Golly,       don't know where Alzheimer's
comes from. All we know is that your brain
                                                        organism, the                          and the results from Dr Simpson showed that.
                                                                                               only 4%n of his red blood cells were function-
begins to deteriorate_, cells rupture, the            mycoplasma, is so                        ing normally and carrying the appropriate.
myelin sheath around the nerves dissolves,
and            Or if you have chronic fatigue
                                                      minute that normal                       amount of oxygen to his poor'body, whereas
                                                                                               83% were distended, enlarged and hardened,
syndrome, the doctor will not be able to. fmj        bToo       tissue tests                   and wouldn't go through the capillaries with-
any cause for your illness with ordinary -
blood and.tissue tests.
                                                           not reveal its                           out an awful lot of pressure and trou-
                                                                                                    ble. This is the physical evidence of
  This mycoplasma couldn't be detect-                  presence as the                              the damage that is done.
ed until about 30years ago when the
polymerase chain reaction IPCR) test,                    source of the                             ECG Test
was developed; in which a sample of,                       disease.                                   You can also.ask your doctor to give.
your blood is examined and damaged:                                                                you a 24-hour Bolter ECU. You'knoiv,.
panides are removed and subjected to                                                                of course, that an electrocardiogram is
a polymerase chain reaction. This.                                                                  a measure of your heartbeat and shows
causes the DNA in the particles to                                                                  what is going on the right ventricle,
break down. The particles are then                                                                  the left ventricle and se on. Tests,show.
placed in a nutrient, which causes the                                                              that 100% of patients with chronic
DNA to grow back into its original                                                                  fatigue syndrome and -fibromyalgia .
forth. If enough of the substance is                                                                have an irregular heartbeat At Various
produced, the form can be recognised,                                                               periods during the £4 hours, the heart,
so it can be determined whether BruceUa another kind of agent           instead of working happily away going "bump=BUMP,            bump-
is behind that particular mycoplasma.                                   BUMP", every now and again goes "buhbuhbuhbuhbuhbuhbuh-
                                                                        buhbuh". The T-wave (the waves are called P, Q, R. S and T) is
Blood Test                                                              normally a peak, and then the wave levels off and starts with the
   If you or anybody in your family has , myalgic                       7-wave again. In chronic fatigue and fibromyalgia patients, the
encephatomvelitis, fibromyalgia, multiple sclerosis or                  T-wave flattens off, or actually inverts. That means the blood in
Alzheimer's, you can send a blood sample to Dr Les Simpson in           the left ventricle is not being squeezed up through the aorta and
New Zealand for testinj                                                 around through the body.
  if you are ill with these diseases, your red blood cells will not        My client from Sudbury had this test done and, to and behold,
be normal doughnut'shaped blood cells capable of being com-             the results stated: "The shape of T and S-T suggests left ventricle
pressed and squeezed through the capillaries, but will swell up         strain pattern, although voltage and so on is normal." The doctor
like cherry-filled doughnuts which cannot be compressed. The            had no clue as to why the T-wave was not working properly. I
bloocfcells become enlarged and distended because the onlyway           analysed the report of this patient who' had been turned down by
the mycoplasma can exist is by upiaking pre-formed'sterols from         Canada Pensions and sent it back to them. They wrote back, say-
the host cell. One of the best sources of pre-formed sterols is cho-    ing: "It looks like we may have made a mistake. We are going to
]—
 esterol, and cholesterol is what gives your blood cells flexibility.   give you a hearing and you can explain this to us.in more detail."
If the cholesterol is taken out by the .mycoplasma, the red blood          So it is not all in your imagination. There is actual physical
cell swells up and doesn't go through, and the person begins to         damage to the hear. The left ventricle muscles do show scarring.


SEPTEMBER — OCTOBER 2001                                    www.nexusmagazine.com                                  NEXUS New Times • 21
                                                                                                                                                                        P
                                                                                                                                                                   'f

/ lfhat is why many people are diagnosed with a heart condition                    line dancing and get over it? They would rush you to the nearest
   when they first develop fibromyalgia, but it's only one of several              hospital and start transfusing you with blood. These tragic people
   problems because the mycoplasma can do all kinds of damage.                     with these awful diseases are functioning with anywhere from 7%
                                                                                   to 50% less blood than their body needs to function.
  Blood Volume Test
     You can also askyour doctor for a blood                                                           VII — UNDOING THE DAMAGE
                                                                                                         (
  volume test, Eves ry human being requires a                                                             The body, undoes the damage itself. The
 ~Sn amount`of5Ioo~per pound of body
  certa                                                                                                 scarring in the brain of    pie with chronic
  weight, axlwit has been observed that peo-              And if the mycoplasma                         fatigue and fibroyalgia will be repaired.
 ip ewith fibrom I ia, chronic fatigue syn-             growth can be stopped for                       there is cellular repair going on all the
  drome, multiple sclerosis and other illness-                                                          time. But the mycoplasma has moved on
  es do not have the normal blood volume                  long enough, then the                         to the next cell.                        —
  their body needs to function properly.                immune system takes over.                          In Nearly stages of a disease, doxycy-      i
 Doctors aren't normally aware of tits.                                                                 dine may reverse thatdisease Qrocess. It is
     This test measures the amount of blood                                                             one of the.tetracycline-antibiotics, but it is
  in the.human body by taking our5 cc,                                                                  not bactencrda ; it is bacteriostatic—it
  putting a tracer in it and then putting it back into the body. One              stops the growth of the:mycoplasma. And if the mycoplasma
  hour later, take out 5 cc again and look for the Racer. The thicker             growth can be stopped for long enough, then the immune system
  the blood and the lower the blood volume, the more111acer'you                   takes over.
  will find.                                                                         Doxycycline treatment is discussed in a paper by mycoplasniti
     The analysis of one of my clients stated: 'T'his patient was                 expert Professor Garth Nicholson, PhD, of the Institute f&
  referred for red cell mass study. The red cell volume is 16.9 ml                Molecular Medicine!' Dr Nicholson is involved in a USS8-mil-
  per kg of body weight The normal range 1s25 to 35 ml per kg.                    lion mycoplasma research program funded by the US military and
  This guy has 36% less blood in his body than the body needs to                  headed by ITt'ChaHes Engel of the NIH. The program is studying
  function? And the doctor hadn't even known the test existed.                    Gulf War veterans, 450 of them, because there is evidence to sug-
     If you lost 36% of your blood in an accident, do you think your              gest that Gulf War syndrome is another illness (or set of illnesses)
  doctor would tell you that you are alright and should just take up              caused by mycoplasma.

    Endnotes          -:-                               10. Mew England JoumalofMedfcirie Pug[aC 0910...Austral'ran Etologia_does tests for
    1. 'Pathogenic M        lasma, US Patent No-         22,1957 p362 .                                ..       mycoplasma
    5,242;820; issuedSeptember 7,1993. Drto.is 11. TorontoStar May 15;.1997.                                    • ConsumerHealdr Organization of Canada,
  .fisted as the'Inventor' and the American             12 Dr Donald MacArthur, Pentagon;;(:;.:.           .,,.'1220"Sheppard Aveque;East #412, Toronto,
    Registtty of Pathology, Washington;.C; is list -Department of Defense Appropriauonsfa                       Ontario, Canada M212S5;:tel +1 (416) 490
    ed as the "Assignee'.              .                1970, Hearings,.Moriday Mine 9, 1969 ~ii                0986, websne www consumerhealth.org/:
    2. 'Special Vine CancerPn hr Progress '.            129.              '" -                              -- a Professor GarthNicholson PhD; Institute for
    Report.No. 8', prepared by the Mauona('"            13. Henderson, Donald A. Smallpox: ';                   Molecular Medrt me, f5162 Tilton Lane,
    Canter Institute, Viral Oncology,.Etiology           Epitaph fora Killer', NatronalGeographic'              Huntington Beach, CA, 92649 1401, USA, tel
    Area; luly1971,aubmitted io Nlti::Anntial-. •'      December 1978, p- 804-                                  +11314) 903 2900;:. :.... .-.. .
    Report in May 1971. and updatediuly 19?.; `-        14. Blum, Deborah, The Monkey Wars.                     • Dr tes Simpson RS Brood Cell Research
    3. US Senate. Ninety-       Congress, Hearings       Oxford University Press, New York,.1994t          .; Ltd; 31Bath Sued,'D aisin•:9001., New
    before the Subcommittee ori'Health am! : I.        •'1L Nicholson, G:L~'Doxycycline ueatmeriI: ' Zealand; tel *64(0)3 47E8540, email
    Sciemilc Research of the Committee ..S.;:-'         and Deren Stomf; JAMA19.9S273.61Mt9:                    rbcresearrh.limitedexua.co.nz. (Jote Dr
    Human Resources, BiologrcalTestmg Involving                                                                 Simpwn directs his study to red cell shape
   Human Subjeds by the Department of              -     Recommended Reading                                    alt lysis, not the mycoplasma hypothesis.)
    Defense, 1977, released asliSArrnyActivitS              Horowitz, Leonard, Emerging Viruses., Ards          •:me;Mycoplasna Registry. for Gulf War
    in;t e 1,15 Biological WarfareProgrwns,     .        and(bob,Tetrahedron:Publishing. USA, 19Q6- Illness, S. & L. Dudley, 303 47th St, )-10 San
  'Volumes One-and Twu 24 Fe&uary 1977. -                • lnhrtsori; Hillary,'oilers.Web, Crown; ?'>;;:;:: Diego; CA 92102,-5961, teVfax +1(619)266
    4. Dr Donald MacArthur, Pentagon,                   Publishers; New •York, 1996.                            1116, fax(619) 266;1116, email
    Department'of Defense Appropriations for....:,. r Scott Donald.W.'aridWilliam L C:SttG:.; y. mycoreg®luno:oom.,.; .
    1970, Hearings before Subcontminee of the.           The Bmcellosls'Tdangle,The Chelmsford;
    Committee on Appropriations. House of               Publishers (Box 133, Sat: B., Sudbury;Ontario: About the Author . ....
   Representatives, Ninety-First Congress; Fi& ..       P3E 4N5), Canada, 1998 (USS21.95#S3:s&t . Donald Scott, MA;.M5c,.is-a retired high'
    Session, Mondaylune 9, 1969, pp 105-144,             inUS).                     .... .:                     school:teacher'and,university'•professor. He is
    esp.. pp. 114,129:                               " • Scott, Donald W: andWilliam:L CiSt                     also a:veteranof 1M1Nll and.was awarded the
    3. Kyger, E. R. and Rn«pll.L Haden,                  The Eatremely.Unforrunate Skull Valley..`;:;:'         North.Atlantic; Star`the `Burma,Starwith Clasp;
   'Brucellosis and Multiple Sclerosis', The. ...:       Incident;The Chelmsford Publishers,:Canada;'.: the 1939-1945' Vplapteer SeMce Medal and.
    American Jocanal ofMedfcMSciences                    1996 (revised, extended edition availabteXrdm the VictoryMedal.:He )s currently President of
    1949:689-693-                                        mid-September.2001;.USS16.00 pre-pub_ price The Common, Cause.. Medical Research.
    6. Colmonero'et at., Yompiications..                +USf3 s&h m:US),::                                      Eoundadan;a notfor-profitorganisation devot-
    Associated with Brucella melitensis Ihfeuibn:         • TheJournal of Degenerative Diseases                 ed to research; intd'iieurosystemic degenerative
    A Study of530 Cases', Medicine 1996;75(4);           (Donald W..Scott,.Editor),The Commoti`Cause diseases - He also:Adjunct:Professor with the
    7. Howell,Miller,Kelly and Bookmao;•Acute            Medical Research Foundation (Box-133;Stab              Institute'for MolecuIr:M,edicirie and heprow
    Brucellosis Among LaboratoryWorkers', New            B., Sudbury;Ontario; P3E4N5),.Canada..tquaaz duces and: edits 4he:jouinal.of Degenerative
    EnglandJournal ofMedicine 1948;236:741 .             tedy)oumal;-annuafstibsaiption: U5525;00. . .Diceatec Hflas.extet(s)vety researched neu=
    8- 'Special Virus Cancer Program ;.Progress -        in USA, $30 reign) ,                  ...... ..        rosystemic degenerative diseases over the past
    Report No. 8', ibid, tablt4,.p.135.                                                                         lve years and has authored many documents
    9. US Senate, Hearings before the:                   Additional Goritacf'         `                         oil the relationship:.betweei degenerative dis-
    Subcommittee onHealthand'ScienufiC':                -• MsdennieBurke, AustralianBiolog cs, Level . eases and apathogenic mycoplasma called
    Research of the CommitteeonHuman . .. '              6.383 Pitt Street,Sydney NSW 2000; Austrafa Mycoplasma'fennentAni His research is based
    Resources, March 8 and'May.23, 1977; ibid:           tel+61 (0)292830807, fax-+61 (0)2.9283:':?              upon.solid government evidence;

  22 • NEXUS New Times                                              www.nexusmagazine.com                                   SEPTEMBER - OCTOBER 2001
                              GUEST EDITORIAL

   New Medical Proposal Could Force
   Examinations and Vaccines and
    End Your Health Care Freedom
                            By,Jonathan.V. Wrighr,.M.D.

 STATE-ORDERED ,MEDICAL EXAMINATIONS. Forced vaccinations and treatments.
 Mandatory sharing of medical information. Pliarmacisrs_turned government
 iiifotmers. "Seizure of nursing homes, ocher health care facilities; parent medicine
 ("pharmaceutical") manufacturing facilities; communication devices, and even
 food Possible federalization and preemption of individual state laws and regula-
 tions•concerning health, care. Rationing offood, hid, alcoholic beverages, fire-
 arms, and explosives. Each stare's National Guard mobilized to enforce all of this..
 In essence, a medical police state.
    Surely, this can't be true. It must be taken from one of those end-of-the world,
 apocalyptic novels, no? •1984 moving in to 2002? Who could possibly propose
                                 forced medical,exaniinations, vaccinations, and
                                 treatments for supposedly free citizens of the United
                                 States? ,
No wonder                            Unfortunacdy,.xhe Centers for Disease Control and
                                 Prevencioh (CDCP) is behind this medical police state
MarkTwain                        proposal, which it has officially tided "Model State
                                 Emergency Health Powers Act-"
f amousl y                          And who would be placed in charge of this medical
                                 police 'state? ,"Public health authorities," stare and
 wrote in 1866:
                                 federal—authorities" who would be exempted from
  No man's life,
 cr                             most   liability by this proposed legislation while
                                 carrying,out;the actions noted above!
liberty;      or                    •What's d eii excuse? The CDCP says this legisla-
                                 tion is, needed' co,conrrol, epidemics of "infectious
property are                    disease:" Buc,thelegisladon itselfshows that this.
                                "reason'is a smoke screen: The present draft legisla-
Safe while the                  Lion specifically states.thac "an infectious disease may
                                or may not be transmissible froth person to person,
legislature        1S, in.      animal ro.petson, or insect zo person."
                                    The very` 'definition of"infectious'disease" means, it
SeSSiOn.~t
                                must be contagious, infectious from one person to
                                anotherSince the Model State Emergency Health
Powers Act" specifically contradicts this definition, it's perfectly obvious that
control of epidemics of infectious disease is not the purpose of this proposed
legislation.
                         THE DEVILS IN THE DETAILS:
       WHAT YOUR STATE LEGISLATURE MAY NOT BE READING
As is usual, the tide and the introduction to the proposed legislation ate simulta-
neously patriotic and even praiseworthy. The introduction states:, "In the wake of
the tragic events of September 11, 2001, our nation has come to the realization              c
that the government's foremost responsibility is to protect the health, safety, and
well-being of its citizens. New and emerging dangers—including emergent and                  4
resurgent infectious diseases andjincidents of civilian mass casualties-'-pose               i
serious and immediate threats to the population. A renewed focus on the preven-
tion, detection, management, and containment of public health emergencies is

425-888.9393                                    WELL BEING Jou, mL
                                                                                             Ei
, rhtii called•for.... The exercise of emergency health powers:is daigned'to promote
  the common good?
     The proposed legislation goes on to start "The rights of people to liberty,
  bodily integrity, and privacy must be respected to the ftillesr extent possible
  consistent with the overriding importance of the public's health and security....
  This Act is necessary to protect the health and safety of the citizens of this State."
  This preamble might make us think that the legislation is worthy of support. And
  unfortunately, many legislators admit that they don't read past the title of the bills
  they vote on! No wonder Mark Twain famously wrote in 1866: "No man's life,
  liberty, or property are safe while the legislature is in session." As always, the
  "devil is in the details."
     In addition to giving governors and state public health officials new police
  powers to protect againsr bioterrorisr attacks, further provisions of the law would:
 • Force individuals suspected of harboring an'"infectious'disease" to'undergo
   medical examinations;
 • Trackand,share individuals' personal health
   information, including blood and body tissue
   samples• (genetic information) as well as the
                                                         How can you
   names and addr-sysof persons whom the
   "infectious" person may have contracted the
                                                        protect yourself
   disease from or may have spread it to;               against the
 • Force persons to be vaccinated, treated, or
   quarantined.for infectious diseases;                 freedom-destroying
 • Mandate all health-care providers to report
   all cases of persons who harbor any illness or        provisions of. this
   health condition that may be caused by an
                                                         law, provisions that
   epidemic or infectious agent and might pose
   a "substantial risk to a "significant number"        would,rerloove o,Uf
   of people or cause long-term disability (note:
   "substantial risk" and significant number"            right to control our
   are not defined);
 • Force pharmacists to report any "unusual•or          own ,health?
   increased prescription tares" that may be
   caused by'epidemic diseases;
 • Declare a state'ofpublic health emergency." and consequently preempt existing
   state laws, rules,.arid regulations (including privacy medical licensing, and
   property-rights laws, rules, and'regulations);
 • Control public and private property (induding pharmaceutical manufacturing
   plants, nursing homes, other health-care facilities, communication devices, and
   food). Theatate would be required to pay just compensation" to any owner of
   facilities or materials
 • Mobilize all or any part of the "organized militia into service'to`the Stare" to
   help enforce the state orders;
 • Ration firearms; explosives, combustibles, food, fuel, and alcoholic beverages;and
 • Impose fines,and penalties to enforce the state and public-health authorities' orders
 If you would like to read the entire proposal, tided "Model State Emergency
 Health Powers Act," on-line, visit www.publicheahhlaw ner.
                       PROTECT YOUR MEDICAL RIGHTS;
                        GUARD YOUR MEDICAL PRIVACY
 How can you protect yourself against the freedom-destroying provisions of thi
 law, provisions that would remove our right to control our own health? Cone
 your own state officials (governors, representatives, senators, and attorneys,
 general) and local officials (city or town and county officials). The addres
 these offrcials,are available at local public libraries or on the Internet. PJ~
 U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson (see c'
 information below):
                                                                Cop"
                     WELL BEING JOURNAL
