{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T04:58:47Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 310648, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116097-false-indications-and-warnings-alert.pdf", "source_sha256": "b5a613142922777778cae91bd71805c8cf7346ee1416ce9522c12766a0e35be4"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 510, "chars": 2912, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO:
Re:
False Indications and Warnings Alert
File
PI-4O
-
On an unrelated matter, I wanted you to know of something of such
gravity,
severity and potentially devastating consequences for the
earth, that it is eclipsed by no other threat that I know of.
I have had intimations from various witnesses that, in military
parlance, PI-40 had the capability and potential motive to launch
'false indications and warnings' which would simulate a false ET
attack on the earth. More than one witness has mentioned this, but
recently
• I spoke with one who had detailed information about this
and confirmed it.
There are plans in place, and the capability fully exists, for PI-40
to launch an attack on the earth , which for all the world would look
like a hostile ET attack. These plans are specific and there are
dedicated personnel gaming this scenario. This witness, at a meeting
involving NRO, NSA , CIA and Air Force covert USAPS people, heard
detailed plans and confirmed that "there were two guys at the end of
the table whose job it was to plan and eventually execute this hoax."
God help us.
Mysteriously, thru the agency of Providence,
an emergency doctor in
n. CA called
me today, and said that after hearing me on Art Bell,
was so moved that he wanted to do all he can to help us.
He shared
an extraordinary ET encounter which occurred on Sept. 2
in his
bedroom where ETs came to him, activated his brain with high energy,
and proceeded to show him a number of 'scenes'. One was an image of
the lovely planet earth, who I love so much, a darkened and lifeless
cinder floating thru space. He was told that this could happen, but
we could change it, if we acted.
I know...
There are VERY dangerous things going on; we are on the brink of open
conflict with the ETs. And the ETs may not remain restrained
indefinitely. The arrogant covert Iulers in PI-40 are likely to have
facilities on outer planets, and could go so far as engaging a
literal scorched earth policy.
EXTRAORDINARY MEASURES must be taken soon to avert this.
Not only must we be diplomatic links to the ETs,
but it is clear we
must also be links to the deepest levels of PI-40, and to the
non-covert world - truly trilateral!
I am going to be writing this week an "Open letter to PI-40" , which
wild be sent to points of contact there. In It, I will offer to go ir
the tank with them and do what is necessary to try to fix it. If they
ignore this, I will make it very clear that these schemes will be
lescribed in detail thru the disclosure process ana by alu means
ossible, and thru every agency at our disposal. If there is
cooperation, and an honest disclosure can be made without the launch
of these false I and Ws, then I will rationalize the secrecy as the
exigencies of the cold war, etc. If not, these plans will be exposed.
Under any condition, I am keeping in reserve the information and
sources at the ready in case there is betrayal.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2014, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This will be dangerous.
But without an effort to provide insight
• guidance and a real
strategy to negotiate a peaceful conclusion to these escalating
tensions, we are in Ior a worst -very worst- case scenario.
I have
been having lucid dreams about this part of things for over earth will
and they have intensified recently, with more detail.
incinerate unless there is intervention. God help us.
We must negotiate peace between the ETs and these covert rulers,
drunk on arrogance; between the general public and legal rulers
the ETs; and between the covert Iulers and the whole of humanity.
Another triangle....
Another witness last week , a new, VERY significant one, confirmed
that he had to get out of that operation because he was horrified at
the unbelievable arrogance , power and unethical nature of this
group. He left and is alive only because, as I also told them, he is
not afraid of death, so they better leave him alone. In fact the
reason he called me
was because he heard me say on Art Bell that I
told some of these PI-40 guys that I had died once, and was not
afraid of death, and that they could not scare me that way. And he
knew by that that I was real.
But now I am horrified. I have not slept well in a week because of
what I now know is unfolding before us. Not that I am afraid for
myself, but I fear for the earth, and her children, and my children.
Things are infinitely worse, and more evil , than anyone can imagine.
How will we prevail? But we
must.
I hope you do not think I have altogether gone around the bend. This
is very real - very. And I must focus and intensify my efforts to
ull together the parties to all oi this and try to find some
esolution. I believe we can make it thru this, but it will take a
promethean effort to do it. And I am getting so tired.
Anyway, we must either go on, or stop. I have to fight the urge to
just ride out the next few months and years out on a farm and ranch,
and enjoy what is left of my childrens' childhood and life. God help
us .
Steven
