{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T10:59:42Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2689348, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116083-emf-electromagnetic-frequency-weapons-article-1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "f8b3436eb66146b35fcaa76ebc1bcc9a1f0f60efa22d4135d249d1a6d3063565"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 18, "chars": 112, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
APR 2 2 1997
april 16,1997
Dear MR Stever Greer
I would like
To unfam yes, that entir
On MIND
Sincerely
my phis

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 509, "chars": 3282, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Another
What the Puolic Should Know About
Anns
Electromağnetic Frequency Weapons
Race?
he U.S. public has a right to
know about a currently
classified weapons program.
There are many corroborat-
ing articles to confirm the
existence of electromagnetic
frequency (EMF) behavior or
mind control weapons in the
U.S. and Russian arsenals.1
There is also evidence that there
has been a secret race between the
two superpowers to gain the upper
edge to control the use of this
revolutionary technology. 2 Like
the atomic bomb, the technology
will change our perception of the
world. The U.S. public also has
the right to determine the policy
and use of this technology. They
have the democratic right to
express their opinion on issues that
deeply affect their lives. Unfortu-
nately mind control weapons are
classified and are being developed
without public input. Like nuclear war protesters who
expressed their views and significantly affected arms
control policy, there is a need for public debate on EMF
technology. This is a very brief overview of a compli-
cated and serious situation.
The best proof of this ongoing EMF arms race would
be from the U.S. government, but the technology is
classified under the National Security Act. The U.S.
public was told about the secret development of the
atomic bomb after it was dropped on Hiroshima in
1945. It is inevitable that history will repeat, and the
U.S. public will learn about the EMF arms race when
the weapons are used or leaked to the press. In all
likelihood, only public protest can alter this course.
Behavior control and electromagnetic weapons have
only been in the public eye recently.
Janet Reno, the U.S. Attorney
General has discussed non-lethal
weapons in newspapers such as the
Wall Street Journal.3 The U.S.
government is barely revealing the
tip of the iceberg. There has been a
quantum leap of technology and
many articles confirm that the
technology is capable of computer-
brain interface and control of every
nerve in the human body. The mind
control technology is as mind
boggling as the landing of the man
on the moon. The physics and
functioning of the brain is known on
a biomedical level and can be highly
controlled. The implications of the
use of this technology as a weapon
are as serious as the consequences of
the use of the atomic bomb. The
motiye of superpowers to develop
and control the use of mind control
- by Cheryl Welsh
technology becomes obvious.
- Several major publications are
discussing behavior control weapons. 4 It is described as
"electromagnetic technology" and in little detail. Re-
search is highly classified and scientists face prison
terms and penalties for disclosing classified weapons
research. But as a result of the breakup of the Soviet
Union, international and Russian newspapers have
published several articles on mind control technology.5
For example, the Moscow Times describes "debilitating
high frequency radio waves, hypnotic computer-
scrambled sounds and mind-bending electromagnetic
fields, as 'well as an ultrasound gun capable of killing a
cat at fifty meters..."6
There is evidence of the use of mind control tech-
nology on a large scale. In Stolitsa, a major Russian
newspaper, "Victor Sedletsky, a scientist from Kiev,
14 paranoia: the conspiracy reader

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 847, "chars": 5848, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
claims that the practical testing of a 'new kind of weap-
ons based on the impact of certain frequencies on the
human body occurred back in 1965. Besides, the devel-
opment of an entirely new radar system allowing one to
classified findings of this study although other sources
have documented psychoactive effects from EMF. There
is a tremendous amount of scientific and military litera-
ture on this topic if one knows the keywords and where
control any place on the globe began in 1982. Such
equipment could be used for creating a 'psychotronic
Many factors point to the possibility of an EMF arms
field' for brain-control. "7 The existence of mind control
race and the motivations of the superpowers. Weapon
technology is documented by numerous independent
technology is advancing rapidly. Some examples are
sources. These are not isolated rumors.
blinding lasers, pinpoint accuracy missile targeting and
Many articles describe scientific research on the brain.
chemical weapons. New weapons in the development of
in an article in the Los Angeles Times, March 20, 1976
warfare will include the complicated EMF and behavior
entitled "Mind Reading Machine" Norman Kempster
control technologies. The mind control arms race winner
writes: "Scientists working under agency contracts at the
will have the capability to control the world. Therefore,
University of Ilinois, UCLA, Stanford, Massachusetts
if the opponent develops behavior control weapons, the
Institute of Technology and the University of Rochester,
U.S. or Russian government would be negligent to it's
and in laboratories at other facilities have been able to
citizens if they did not also. The picture of why, how
determine an individual's alertness from his own brain-
and who would develop the mind control weapons
waves... It may be only a matter of time before the _ becomes clear, in spite of the National Security Act.
machines will be able to read a person's brainwaves to
The U.S. public should be aware of the probable
determine just what he is thinking." Brain research as it
misuse of EMF technology. Radiation experiments on
relates to mind control and EMF technology has been
unwitting human subjects after the development of the
described since the 1960s and it is logical to conclude
atomic bomb were classified and only became general
that the Former Soviet Union and the U.S. would con-
public knowledge in 1994, when Energy Secretary Hazel
sider the military use of EMF research.
O'Leary declassified documents that verified the federal
Books and articles discuss the history of behavior
government's involvement. There is already evidence of
control and related areas of research by both govern-
an EMF weapon testing program involving nonconsent-
ments. Most U.S. citizens have read about the Soviet and
ing human subjects. Possible solutions include the revi-
Chinese brainwashing scare after the Korean war. As a
sion of the National Security law so that radiation, EMF
result, the CIA conducted LSD and behavior control
or any experimentation on human subjects is conducted
experiments which were described in the 1970s in exect-
and monitored within the law. Another example of abuse
tive and congressional investigations. 8 Russia has been a
was the use of microwave crowd control weapons on the
very closed society but psychic research programs are
Greenham Commons nuclear protesters in Britain in the
documented in unclassified literature. In response, the
1980s. Monitoring and investigative panels are needed to
CIA conducted psychic research, according to a 1995
prevent this pattern of human rights abuse.
CIA report called Stargate.9 There is substantial evi-
The above facts and events are part of the mounting
dence of EMF research for use as weapons but it is not
proof of a mind control arms race between the Former
general public knowledge. Some readers may remember
Soviet Union and the United States. Interested readers
Jack Anderson's expose on the microwave bombardment
can explore this further on their own or they can contact
of the U.S. embassy by Russia in 1972. As a result, the
the author for more information. The main point is to
CIA developed Project Pandora to see if there were
alert people to the consequences of a very serious is-
psychoactive effects from the electromagnetic radiation of
sue.a
the embassy. The U.S. public has no knowledge of the -
Endnotes
1. The Associated Pressi:
"Mind-Altering Microwaves,
Soviets Studying Invisible Ray,"
Los Angeles Herald-Examiner,
22 Nov. 1976, Section A.
Tapscott, Mark. "DOD, Intel
Agencies Look at Russian Mind
Control Technology, Claims.
FBI Considered Testing on
Koresh," Defense Electronics,
July 1993, P.17.
Guardian Newspapers Lim-
ited. "The Future Art of War,"
(London) Guardian, 25 May
1995, P 9.
2. Myasnikov, Alexei.
"MC-Ultra Program, " Stolitsa
No. 43, 2 Nov. 1992, P. 40.
Sieff, Martin. "Reputed
Raspoutin Advises Yeltsin:
Ex-KGB Officer dabbles in
Occult," Washington Times, 24
May 1995, Part A, Nation A16.
3. Ricks, Thomas E. "Nonle-
thal Arms, New Class of Weap
ons Would Incapacitate Foe,
Limit Casualties,
" Wall Street
Joural, 4 Jan. 1993, Front
Page.
Los Alamos Laboratory.
"Non-Lethal Defense, a classi-
fied Conference with Janet Reno,
Attorney General, Speaker,
Laurel, MD, 16-17 Nov. 1993.
Oris Search, CIA F80-0547
San 1974 02-08 "(Deleted)
Scientist May Employ Pulsed
Microwaves For Mind Control."
4. Opall, Barbara. "U.S.
Explores Russian Mind Contro
Technology, " Defense News,
11-17 Jan. 1993, P. 29.
Weapons", James Bond Style,"
Christian Science Monitor, 6
Seps. 1994, P. 12.
5. Caledonian Newspapers
Lid. "Brainwash killers still in
8. "Final Report of the Select
Committee to Study Government
Report to the President
• Commission on CIA Act
ies Within the United States,";
26-228 (June 1975
-- -
-
6. Matthews, Owen. "Report:
issue 16
spring 1997
