{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T01:15:44Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 941228, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116082-mind-control-techniques.pdf", "source_sha256": "27e92490246373603642fa877e27a71e7f229e350ea6bf1ea6e86f3c40b5fac8"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 179, "chars": 1208, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To: Steven Greer, M.D., [103275, 1472]
From: Steve M. Greer, Dr_ET
Date: 6/30/98, 12:51 PM
Re: Local sidereal time "slot" improves ESP performance
Mand Central
Technigeo
- Forwarded Message --
Fro
TO
DAT
RE:
Local sidereal time "slot" improves ESP performance
Hi there, my friends, ol' grey "windy" sparrow here with, maybe, another interesting goody extracted from The
Monroe Institute's "Focus" newsletter.
In it, there's a lengthy article by Linda Leblanc as follows ... with the last three paragraphs possibly being of the
most interest to us ... and, incidently, and to my delight, I finally found someone else who just can't let go of a
paragraph or write in executive summary style<vbg>):
If your eyes start to glaze over, you could jump down to the sixth paragraph, prefaced by my (smartass, of
course) remark ... Here come da goodies..
PSI and Hemi-Sync (Part 1)
by Linda Leblanc
(Linda Leblanc, a graduate of three TMI residential courses, has had an interest in psychic phenomena from an
early age. She is a co-founder and director of PSYCHO-GNOSIA, a not-for-profit multim-disciplinary research
center for the study of anomalous phenomena, based in the Eastern Mediterranean island of Cyprus.)
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 715, "chars": 5029, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Since completing three TMI courses, I have noticed a marked increase in my sensitivity, intuition and psychic
ability. in my opinion, the continued use of Hemi-Sync has had the effect of enhancing these oftern
misunderstood phenomena. There has always been a high degree of public interest in the paranormal, but now
even businesses are getting involved in research. Some years ago, SONY set up its own parapsychology
research laboratory. With the US government-funded studies into remote viewing (the psychic spying project
labeled "Stargate") now in the public domain, further debate on the topic of psychic functioning has been
sparked.
In 1995, the CIA undertook and overall assessment of the "Stargate" program with some interesting results.
Jessica Utts, a Statistics Professor at the University of California at Davis, and Ray Hyman, a well-known critic
of experimental methodology in psychic research, were commissioned to conduct the review. Utt's assessment
was quite positive, stating, "At this stage, using the standards applied to any other area of science, the case of
psychic functioning has been scientifically proven." Hyman, while remaining unconvinced, found no probelm with
the research protocol and stated "The case for psychic functioning seems better than it ever has been."
Strangely, the CIA concluded that remote viewing had not been used successfully in actual operations, ignoring
evidence to the contrary. The existence of psi is now generally accepted as proven, based on an analysis of
laboratory data collected in scientific studies conducted by parapsychologists. Recently, even the long-skeptical
Hyman agreed that investigations should now more away from proof-oriented experiments and focus on how the
phenomena work.
In my quest further to understand the paranormal, I completed a course in the summer of 1997 at the Rhine
Research Center (RRC), Institute for Parapsychology-the successorof the worl-famous lab headed by Dr. J. B.
Rhine for three decades at Duke University. RRC is internationally known as one of the premier research and
educational centers for the scientitic study of psychic phenomena. Amazingly, there are only a handful of
scientists working full-time on parapsychological research, with fewer than ten laboratories worldwide active in
this field.
The two-month Summer Study Program (SSP) is held at the home of the Institute, a charming historic residence
adjacent to Duke University, in Durham, North Carolina. This well-respected course is the pre-eminent training
ground for future parapsychologists. An impressive array of subjects are covered. Lecturers are some of the
world's leading researchers of psychic phenomena. The SSP focuses primarily on experimental
parapsychology-the methods and findings of laboratory research into extrasensory perception (ESP) and
psychokinesis (PK), and the controversies and implications of these findings for science and society.
Spontaneous phenomena such as out-of-body experiences OOPEs), near death experiences (NDEs),
reincarnation, apparitions, poltergeists and mediumship are also addressed. Roberet Monroe's OOBE lab work is
included, along with lectures on scientific theories of OOBEs. In workships, students have the opportunity to take
part in laboratory psi experiments as subjects and experimenters. While much of the course material is quite
technical and includes statistical and mathematical analysis of laboratory data, I felt enriched despite my
non-scientific background-by learning how to decipher the scientific jargon.
Some ongoing ESP experiments at the RRC use custome-created non-verbal Hemi-Sync tapes to induce altered
states of consciousness (ASC). Research has shown that people most ofter report psychic phenomena while in
such states. Psi-conductive characteristics associated with ASCs included a physically relaxed state, reduced
physical arousal, reduction in sensory input, increased awareness of internal processes, and increased right
hemisphere functioning. These characteristics were reflected in my own experiences with Hemi-Sync.
Consequently, as part of the SSP course, I designed an experiment to test the effectivness of Hemi-Sync during
a double-blind ganzfeld/ESP test. The ganzfeld technique is a mild form of sensory isolation. With translucent
eye covers, the red lighting in the room is perceived as pink by the participant and, combined with "pink noise"
heard over headphones, induces a mild ASC. There are two participants, a sender and a receiver. The target is
randomly slected by computer from a pool of 156 different targets. My experimental design would involve a
minimum of 100 participants and take about a year to conduct. A Hemi-Sync tape would replace the pink noise
usually employed in the ganzfeld. Upon formal presentation to the staff and students, my idea was well-received.
There was general agreement that it would be a worthwhile experiment. Unfortunately, the usual shortages of
funding and staff are limiting factors.
(Here come da' goodies - Bob) ...
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 639, "chars": 4147, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
During this intensive course, we learned of a fascinating recent discovery by researcher James Spottiswoode.
The appears to be a correlation between enhanced ESP performance and a particular slot of Local Sidereal
Time (LST) around 13:30. LST referes to "star time" and is based on the speficic chunk of sky overhead at
varying times of our solar day. Spottiswoode is Director of Research for the Cognitive Sciences Laboratory, set
up by Dr. Ed May after the end of the government-funded remote-viewing program, in which Joseph
McMoneagle was an outstanding participant. (Note: His book, Mind Trek, revised 1997, ISBN 1-878-90172-9
from Hampton Roads Publishing, is a terrific look at the goings-on in the RV program and includes some
stuff/approaches/experiences you won't find in other RV works - Bob)
Spottiswoode's research, first published in the Hournal of Scientific Exploration, Volum 11, No. 2, summer 1997,
correlates and LST window of approximately two hours duration with enhanced psi performance. There is also
equally strong evidence that pse functioning falls off around 18:00 LST.
(You'll like this next part - Bob)
These initial studies imply that something in the cosmos is affecting psi during these times. Spottiswoode's
analysis of lab data covering a twenty year period showed and incredible 450% increase in ESP performance
during a particular LST slot. Researchers at RRC and other centers are now trying to schedule their lab tests,
when convenient, during this wondow.
Just what is this influence and how does it work? This is yet to be discovered. One speculation is that when the
earth is oriented in this 13:30 LST slot, there is less "galactic noise" which may lead to enhancement of
anomalous cognition (AC). LST is not the same as solar time. There is a difference of almost four minutes per
day. Thus, the relationship to our solar time migrates throughout the year. In other words, 13:30 LST equivalent
solar time changes daily. Spottiswoode's latest findings show a relationship between geomagnetic field
fluctuations, solar wind and AC. It is theorized that some component of solar activity is modulating the amount of
AC observed in the laboratory. (See Parapsychological Association 40th Annual Convention, Proceedings of
Presented Papers, 1997.)
So what does all this LST stuff mean for us? Well, for me, it confirmed something I have long known
intuitively-that we are children of the universe, intimately connected to the cosmos. After all, our bodies are
composed of star dust. That scientists are now researching this connection is encouraging. Their findings may
eventually bridge the philosophical and the scientific disciplines. My foray into the scientific study of psi has been
of enormous personal benefit. Nicely complementing the TMI experience, it has led me to a more complete
integration and understanding of those magical encounters that occur when inwardly focused-surfing the
"Innernet!"
(Then, there's a "side-bar" with more info - Bob)
Compute Local Sidereal Time
Sidereal time is the hour angle of the vernal equinos, the ascending node of the ecliptic on the celestial equator.
The daily motion of this point provides a measure of the rotation of the earth with respect to the stars, rather than
the sun. Local mean sidereal time is computed from the current Greenwich Mean Sidereal Time plus and input
offset in longitude (converted to a sidereal offset by the ration 1.002737909935 of the mean solar day to the
mean sidereal day. Applying the equation of equinoxes, or nutation of the mean pole of the Earth from mean to
true position, yields local sidereal time.
Astronomers use local sidereal time because it corresponds to the coordinate right ascension of a celestial body
that is presently on the local meridian.
You can learn more about sidereal time on our website (http://www.Monroelnstitute.org/). you can link to the
original research by James Spottiswoode and to a web site that will calculate your sidereal time. You can also
download a clock for your Windows '95 PC that will tell you your local sidereal time.
(End of side-bar and article)
Whew! My fingers are tired!
3
