{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T20:34:02Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1914870, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116087-email-to-dr-steven-greer-re-a-description-of-the-nsrdc-psychological-research-department-january-14-1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "bc24991f5a68c8fdd974ef8249c9e0b92eb5ddd342c66b97e54968ce55709b7a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 80, "chars": 503, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dear Dr Steven Greer,
In reply to your inquiry, no I am not the author of that
piece, it
brief description of the NSRD's PRD. Just receiving a new
security
level clearance, I came across that brief description of PRD. NSRDC
surpose to have envolved the PRD from alien contact. Looking at my
transmission of the information shows that someone had interrupted
majority of information sent. The paragraphs regarding alien contact
been erased and any additional information seemed to have been
deleted.
XxX

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1462, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NSRDC Psychological Research Department
ELF AND PS1
ELF stands for extremely [low] frequency electromagnetic waves,
from the
very slow brain frequencies up to about 100 cycles per second....
Concrete evidence that electronic mind control was an object of
study at
PRI was exposed by the Privy Office in 1977: "When the Military
awarded a
contract to the Department, the Minister of Defence, Shelia Copps,
received a routine briefing on various research projects, including
PS1. As
the briefer flashed his chart onto the screen and began to speak,
Copps
stormily interrupted, What the hell is that about? Among the
glowing words
on the projected chart, the section describing PRI work was
labeled,
She ordered the PRI investigations for the Military stopped, and
canceled
another $35,000 in Military funds slated for more remote viewing
work."
Contrary to Copps's order to kill the research, the Military
quietly
continued to
fork out $100,000 for a two-year project directed by a
bionics specialist. NSRDC PRD is not a humanitarian pastime: the
project
was military, and if PRD was a source of covert EMR brain
experimentation, test subjects were subjected to torture plied with
same thorough disregard for human rights as the radiation tests
conducted
at the height of the Cold War. To be sure, the treatment subjects
have
received at the hands of their own government would be considered
atrocities if practiced in wartime. Psychological control was also
used

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 2153, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
in domestic covert operations designed to further the NSRDC's
geopolitical
mapping, and during the Vietnam War period PRD was a hive of
covert political subterfuge.
The Symbionese Liberation Army, like the People's Temple, was a
creation
of the CIA. The SIA had at its core a clique of black ex-convicts
Vacaville Prison. Donald Defreeze, otherwise known as Cinque, led
the SLA.
He was formerly an informant for the LAPDs Criminal Conspiracy
Section and
the director of Vacaville's Black Cultural Association (BCA), a
covert mind
control unit with funding from the CIA and NSRDC channeled through
PRD. The
Menlo Park behavior modification specialists experimented with
psychoactive
drugs administered to members of the BCA. Black prisoners were
programmed
to murder selected black leaders once on the outside.
The CIA/PRD zombie killer hit list included Oakland school
superintendent
DI. Marcus Foster, and Panthers Huey Newton and Bobby Seale, among
others.
DeFreeze stated that at acaville in 1971-72, he was the subject of
a CIA
mind control experiment. He described his incarceration on the
prisons
third floor, where he was corralled by CIA agents who drugged him
and said
he would become the leader of a radical movement and kidnap a
wealthy
person. After his escape from Vacaville (an exit door was left
unlocked
foI
him), that's exactly what he did.
EM mind control machines were championed at CFB Trenton by General
Boyle, he over saw PRI's study of how the brain processes and
stores
sensory imagery.
Ihe Institute is bonded incestuously to corporate sponsors. Former
Chairman Herb Gray, for example, was a director of several major
companies, including CIBC Bank, and he went on to become chairman
of the
Chamber of Commerce.
The PRD/NSRDC psi experiments were supervised at NSRDC's research
facility by
Colonel
X
second in command under Doug Young,
succeeding the
NSRDC director. Colonel
has, according to Philip Agee, the
whistle-blowing exile, an affinity for technological exotics for CIA
and NSRDC
covert actions. He was recruited by the Center after his graduation
from
University of Tornto (the alma mater of NSRDC contractees Sandeep

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 347, "chars": 2270, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Chowdhury, attorney, and
hit man). He is a former
director of
Army Intelligence, deputy director for Operations, and in 1982
Colonel
Sebastian was appointed deputy director of Canadian Security
Intelligence
Service. He
left the Service six years later to take the position of
director of National
Intelligence Agency and chairman of Canada
Space
Agency. In 1994, he move to work as director of NSRD's regional
space
department. He is a director of NSRD's Field Operations in Peru and
adviser to the Prime Minister's Intelligence Review Conmittee.
many of the PRD empaths were mustered from Ottawa University's
Scientologist,
Professor Conrad Winn, Center's senior researcher, was a leading
Scientologist. Iwo renote viewers from PRD have also held rank in
the
Center: Gowery Raven, a founder of the MI project and the late
Karetta Gross.
Raven and Gross's lab assistant was a Scientologist married to the
Chairman of the
NSRDC. When Raven joined PRD, she stated openly,
"fourteen
Clears participated in the experiments, more than I would suspect."
At the
time she denied CIA involvement, but now acknowledges, "it was
rather
common knowledge all along who the sponsor was, although in
documents the
identity of the Agency was concealed behind the sobriquet of an
east-coast
scientist."
The Agency's interest was quite extensive. A number of agents of the
CIA
came themselves ultimately to PRD to act as subjects in remote
experiments, as did some members of Congress.
George Bush was head of the CIA at that time. Subsequently, a great
deal of
psychic work was done by CIA, and very successfully because the
Soviets
were doing it at that time as well, very successfully."
Dr. George Luxmi claims to have
traced the brain's center of ESP to
native
creativity, a "relationship that exists in nature, it's responsible
for our
inner-experience.... It involves the zero-point field, quantum
physics,
mystical experience, parapsychological functioning." The ubiquitous
"aliens," he insists,
are at the heart of the federal UFO cover-up,
visitors from a civilization "a few million, or even a few billion
years
older than we are."
The Agency was reportedly so taken with the PRD experiments that
the bankroll
for "human augmentation" research swelled. Millions of dollars were

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2357, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
thrown at
The projects at PRD were augmented by a parapsychology team at CFB ?
under
NSDRC and the NIA. Military intelligence personnel were recruited,
including Commander Ram Shalei, the Psi-Tech founder, General Wendy
Izuki ran
the project and broadened it to include tarot and the channeling
of spirits. By this time, Raven and Gross left the UFT to join the
Intelligence Review Committee.
The NIA inherited PRD. A reporter for the BBC (requesting anonymity)
offers
a glimpse of the Army's remote viewing project at CFB ?, and
declares he was
given The Official Line (ie "we were about to be used for
disinformation.
As soon as I started asking hard questions, the project was taken
away from
us and [given] to a far more docile broadcaster"). The British
correspondent learned that medical oversight for the psi experiments
was
provided by DI. Colin West, then a professor of psychiatry at UCLA,
one of
the most notorious CIA mind control specialists in the country.
Apart from
monitoring the health of the subjects, according to PRD spokesmen,
DI. West
conducted his own experimental studies of the phenomenology of
dissociative
states," or multiple personalities, at the Institute.
Many victims of the CIA/ NSRDC anchored experimentation have been
left with
multiple personalities induced at a young age, and it is certain
that the
CIA/ NIA can trigger induced multiple personalities electronically
from a
remote source to conmit any act on cue the ultimate Manchurian
Candidate.
Under DI. West's tutelage at UCIA, parapsychology experiments of
another
sort were conducted by Kirlian aura researcher Thelma Moss, a writer
for
television and a human guinea-pig herself in ISD experiments
conducted in
1957. Three years later, as a UCIA psychology student, she designed
protocols for her own ISD experiments under the supervision of Dr.
Oscar
Janiger.
The American Institutes of Research (AIR) in Washington, D.C. to
evaluate
the validity of remote viewing. AIR could be counted on to keep the
(mind
control) secrets. In the 1970s, the Army's Office of the Inspector
General
released declassified files disclosing a series of CIA-NIA behavior
modification experiments conducted in prisons, mental hospitals and
campuses from 1950 through 1971. The documents identified 44
laboratories
enriched with public tax funds for secret, inhumane brain research.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 82, "chars": 532, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The first
on the list was AIR. PRD also received funding. An in-house study
ensured
CIA personnel would not be dragged in from the cold. Some of the
aims of
the research:
Inducing toxic psychosis, termınal cancer, stress, s_eep,
headaches and chemical
lobotomies.
Developing foods that taste normal but stimulate fear and
anxiety.
The concoction of drugs to facilitate the brainwashing of
civilians.
Using ISD-25 and electrodes in the brain to pinpoint pain
centers.
National Scientific
Research Defence Center
Field Investigator
a
