{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:15:17Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 896170, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116090-the-secrets-of-your-higher-mind.pdf", "source_sha256": "18f5606b71a2307d8dddc88186716403fc01f0e967ddd406dd86de3dd946fbc6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 501, "chars": 3025, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRETS
of Your...
HIGHER MIND
By John Hinds
VV
hen Edgar Cayce was' asked for insight into the work-
ings of the higher mind and psychic abilities, he often rec-
ommended that people study The Law of Psychic Phenom-
ena. This book was written over 100 years ago by Dr.
Thomson Jay Hudson. Hudson's insights can help you un-
derstand the power and
creativity of your higher self.
Hudson explains the laws and conditions under
which the powers of your higher mind, its cre-
ativity, its intuition; and its psychic abilities, can
be experienced to their fullest extent.
1 Most psychologists, even parapsychologists,
have been unaware of Hudson's work. Hud-
son's books were popular around the turn of the
century and then faded into relative obscurity.
Cayce, however, recommended The Law of Psy-
chic Phenomena more than once as a good way to
understand the often bewildering world of psy-
chic phenomena and hypnosis. As a matter of
fact, the implications of Hudson's work go far.
beyond that. Hudson provides a way for you to
understand the power of faith in your life on a
psychological basis.
ore than once
Cayce recommended
Chomson Jay Hudson's
book, THE LAW OF PSY-
CHIC PHENOMENA as a
good way to understand
the ofter bewildering
world of the mind
1 recently reviewed some of the psychologi-
cal and parapsychological research findings rel-
evant to Hudson's work. Not only does Hudson:
stand up amazingly well; he is able to answer;
questions that are still puzzling researchers. What is The Law of Psychic Phenom-
ena about and how can you apply some of Hudson's insights in your own life?
Your Subjective Mind
Hudson presents a model of how your subconscious mind - what he called the
"subjective mind? - works. Essentially, this is the same higher mind that Cayce
referred to as the "soul-mind." How, does your subjective mind work and how
John Hinds, a writer, is an A.R.E. member from New York City.
32 • VENTURE INWARD January/February 1996
can you tap its vast abilities?
' Hudson believed that your subjec-
tive mind is the source of your intuitive
and creative abilities. It is the state of
consciousness that comes to the fore
when you are put into the hypnotic
state. Your subjective mind (according
to Hudson) is inherently
psychic. Potentially, ev-
erybody has psychic
abilities. The subjective
•mind puts things to-
gether; it synthesizes
and intuits rather than
analyzes.
The subjective mind
is the part of your con-
sciousness that survives
death and becomes your
normal consciousness in
the afterlife. It is inde-
pendent of your body
and your senses, and in
the afterlife state has ac-
cess to higher truth. In
that condition you have
no need to form opin-
ions and hypotheses
about the nature of the
universe. Whatever you need to know
or understand will come into your
mind.
Your subjective mind is not capable
of forming propositions about the na-
ture of things because it has no innate
need to do so. That is the job of your
objective, conscious mind. Your ordi-
nary consciousness (what Hudson

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 866, "chars": 5235, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• = У+
:
called the "objective mind") analyzes
and separates. It is your three-dimen-
sional mind which copes with the ev-
eryday, material world. Your objective
mind forms opinions and has beliefs.
These opinions may or may not be
"true."
While you are in a body your subjec-
tive mind depends on your objective
mind's knowledge, intelligence, and
beliefs to guide it. It has no earthly
knowledge of its own (with three ex-
ceptions which I'Il explain later) and
gets all its knowledge from the objec-
tive mind. Although your subjective
mind is in many ways more creative
and powerful than your conscious
mind, while you are in a body, your
subjective mind becomes the servant of
your objective mina ana accepts its
limitations. Your subjective mind takes
any suggestion given to it as the truth
and works out all of the implications
and ramifications of the suggestion to
the nth degree.
This is exactly what would happen
to you if you were hypnotized deeply
enough. If a hypnotist told you that
you were a chicken or that Winston
Churchill was coming to tea, once your
subjective mind had accepted the sug-
gestion as fact, it would then work out
all the details and provide a perfectly
plausible rationale why it is so. You
would perceive and act as if this were
your reality as long as the suggestion
was accepted.
The Subjective Mind and Hypnosis
Hudson's great insight was to real-
ize that the hypnotic state is not exotic
or unusual but is simply the subjective
mind coming to the fore with the objec-
tive mind in temporary abeyance.
Hudson went far beyond most philoso-
phies of mental science to construct a
theory that made sense out of a wide
range of different and puzzling phe-
nomena including hypnosis, psychic
abilities, creativity and the power of
faith or expectancy. That is probably
what commended his work to Cayce
and what makes him so relevant today.
One of the primary missions of the
A:R.E. is research into the higher states
of consciousness and abilities of peo-
ple. Cayce recommended Hudson as a
good place to begin understanding and
investigating these things. "
Hudson states that your subjective
mind will always take the suggestions
of the objective mind as the truth and
proceed to work them out. But whose
objective mind? Your subjective mind
will accept whatever suggestion is
strongest and that suggestion can just
as easily come from the objective mind
of another person as from your own
objective mind. That is what happens
to you when you are hypnotized: Your
objective mind is relaxed and is open.
Your subjective mind is then able to
take suggestions from the objective
mind of the hypnotist without interfer-
ence from your objective mind. Auto-
suggestion or self-hypnosis is simply
the same process with the suggestions
coming from your own objective mind
rather than another's. The reason some
people cannot be hypnotized is that
strong counter-suggestions from their
objective minds block the suggestions.
of the hypnotist.
Harmonizing the Objective and
Subjective Minds
Your objective mind feeds
your subjective mind opin-
ate your highest possibilities as well as
responsibilities.
The subjective mind needs a good,
well-ordered conscious mind to keep it
in balance. The subjective mind with-
out this balance is like a ship without a
compass or a rudder. Your two types of
mind are meant to work together. You
need the intelligence and abilities of
your objective mind. It has a purpose,
too. The discrimination of your objec-
tive mind is needed to determine when
your inner voice is truly in accord with
your own highest ideals and when it is
something less than that. If the subjec-
tive mind has full sway, fixations, com-
pulsions or insanity could result.
(Hugh Lynn Cayce warned about some
dangerous ways of looking within, in
his book Venture Inward.) Similarities
between pathology and genius have
often been noted. Some types of pa-
thology probably are the result of too
much of the subjective mind without
the balancing force of the objective.
On the other .
ions as facts all the time.
Your beliefs (conscious or
not) are continually condi-
tioning your subjective
mind. Your subjective
mind takes these sugges-
tions and creates your ex-
perience of reality ac-
cording to how and what
you believe. It helps cre-
ate your own personal
reality in order for you
to experience your in-
ner thoughts and feel-
ings, your subjective
being,
"in the flesh."
According to Cayce,
this is the primary
reason for experience
in the material world.
This is also your chal-
lenge and opportu-
nity for growth - to
get your objective
mind working in
harmony with your
subjective or soul
mind.
Cayce says the
his study with his grandchildren
way to get better and
This antique photo, circa 1898, shows Thomson Jay Hudson in
clearer messages from your higher self
is to listen to the still, small voice
hand, when the objec-
within you and start acting on its mes-
tive and subjective minds are in perfect
sages. To do this safely, you need inner
communication and balance, the result
balance and a guiding ideal. Your ide-
is a genius in some field of expression,
als are your guideposts, they help cre-
whether in the arts or the sciences.
January/February 1996 VENTURE INWARD • 33

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 975, "chars": 5953, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Seat of Perfect Memory
Based on the ability of people under
hypnosis to recall events in great de-
tail, Hudson believed that the subjec-
tive mind has a perfect memory of ev-
erything that happens to you.
This is difficult to prove, since the
subjective mind is so amenable to sug
gestion. There is a controversy raging
he subjective mind
seems adept at creating
plausible psychological
fictions in order to fill in
gaps in information it is
asked about, or even just
to meet its listeners'
expectations.
now in psychology and in law over the
recovery of repressed memories. Are
they memories of actual events or are
they "planted" there by unwitting
therapists? Unless there is other, cor-
roborating evidence, there is no way to
decide this question. Even though
Hudson considered the subjective
mind to have perfect memory, it is also
possible that it could fabricate memo-
ries according to expectations or sug-
gestions from an objective mind. In
fact, Hudson suggested that the reason
some psychics seem to lie (outside of
cases of obvious fraud) was that the
subjective mind desires to please its
hearers. If psychic abilities failed, a
person's subjective mind might supply
a plausible fiction to fill in the gaps of
the accepted premises.
Unless the subjective mind is en-
tirely free from influences from an ob-
jective mind (a thing impossible in this
life) there does not seem to be any way
to discriminate reliably between a
"planted" memory and a real one. If a
person's trauma is relieved as re-
pressed
memories come out, or if
dreams about certain incidents recur,
34 • VENTURE INWARD January/February 1996
such "memories" are important as psy-
chological truths or events. Although
they may or may not be literally true,
they are psychologically true regard-
less. The fact that you felt abused as a
child is an important fact for you in the
present (psychologically) whether or
not it literally happened in the past.
Your feelings of being abused are still
active and affecting your present expe-
rience. You may never be able to
find out the literal truth but you can
work at healing the part of you that
holds those hurt feelings. However,
knowledge of how the subjective
mind works can help explain the
ease by which very convincing
memories may be unwittingly
planted because of a therapist's
own expectations.
The Inherent Knowledge of the
Subjective Mind
Based on observation, Hudson
found three areas in which the
subjective mind has inherent
abilities: music, mathematics, and
temporal perception. The knowl-
edge or patterns of these three ar-
eas are universal, and form an in-
herent part of the subjective mind.
Interestingly, it is in just these ar-
eas where some unusual phenom-
ena occur. Some children display
amazing abilities in these areas with-
out much formal training. Perhaps
these prodigies have access to knowl-
edge from their subjective minds that
is not accessible to the rest of us.
Then there is the phenomenon of
the idiot savant. An idiot savant is a
person (usually with low intelligence
and /or education) who is able to dis-
play powers in memory, math, or mu-
sic that are the stuff of genius. Science
has no explanation for their abilities.
Musical savants may reproduce musi-
cal compositions exactly after a single
hearing. Math savants can perform as-
tonishing calculations almost instantly.
In some cases savants can tell you cer-
tain prime numbers which cannot be
calculated by any known means. Oth-
ers display amazing feats of memory
or time (such as telling you what day of
the week February 14, 2786 will be).
Dustin Hoffman's character in the
movie Rain Man is an example. Often,
as savants receive more education,
their abilities fade. Hudson explained
the abilities of savants as the predomi-
nance of their subjective minds. Even
though they may have a limited objec-
tive knowledge or intelligence, their
usual abilities come from the inherent
knowledge and abilities of their subjec-
Modern Research
Do Hudson's ideas stand up in the
light of modern scientific knowledge? I
know of no research that contradicts
Hudson's model. On the other hand,
there is much that appears to confirm
it. Research in parapsychology has
shown that when you are in a hypnotic
state you are more likely to success-
fully demonstrate psychic abilities
(called "psi" by researchers). In fact,
hypnosis is one of the best and most
consistent facilitators of psi. This is ex-
actly what you would expect if the sub-
jective mind is psychic and operates in
the hypnotic state.
If Hudson is right, you might expect
that people who believe they can show
ESP on a test would tend to score sig-
nificantly above chance, indicating that
something other than "guessing" is
taking place. There has been a modest
but significant finding in psi research
that supports this. More surprising,
but consistent with Hudson's model, is
the fact that people who don't believe
they can demonstrate any ESP on a test
tend to score significantly below
chance. It seems as if the subjective
minds of such people are deliberately
"failing" by using their psychic abili-
ties to prove that they don't have any!
If they really had no psychic abilities,
their results would be near chance, no
better than guessing
Hudson's model has far wider and
down-to-earth applications in psychol-
ogy than psi. Two consistent "con-
founds" in psychological research are
the expectations of researchers and
subjects biasing the results. Hudson's
ideas may help explain in part how
these expectations influence outcomes.
Your Beliefs and Your Health
The mind/body connection is well
known. What is less well known is how
your mental states affect your health. It
is not clear why stress brings about ill-
ness in some people but not in others,
or how stress works to produce a vari-
ety of symptoms at a much later point
in time. Perhaps your subjective mind
plays a role here.
According to Hudson, the subjec-
(Please turn to page 45)

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1118, "chars": 6612, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Secrets (Continued from page 34)
tive mind can bring about direct physi-
cal changes. Therefore, your beliefs
about yourself and your health can be
directly translated into your body. The
fact that beliefs affect health has.long
been taken for granted in science,
where it is often called the "expectancy
effect" or the "placebo effect." Medical
science has had no clear idea of just
how a person's beliefs affect his health.
Instead of using belief as a means of
helping to bring about healing, it has
amply regarded the placebo effect as
artifact," a factor that can invali-
date the results of a scientific experi-
ment unless it is taken into account.
Who knows what kinds of results
medicine may achieve when it learns
how to work with the power of faith
and the subjective mind to increase the
effectiveness of treatment?
In Conclusion
Your subjective mind appears to
work according to your faith or beliefs.
We all appear to have this creative
level of consciousness operating
within us. Perhaps, as Cayce and oth-
ers have suggested, there is a series of
such "higher selves" within us. Your
subjective mind may describe only the
first (or final) link in this chain, but
Hudson's description of how your sub-
jective mind operates provides invalu-
able insights for beginning the journey
across this next frontier. It seems that
what you believe may become your re-
ality in more profound ways than sci-
ence has imagined. It may literally be a
case of "believing is seeing." You can
open yourself to discovering the se-
crets and the powers of the subjective
mind by letting go of limiting beliefs
Does it make sense for you to impose
limitations on yourself if your higher
mind is going to accept and act on
them? Understanding the role faith
and belief play in creating our reality
confirms the axiom of the Ageless Wis-
dom that "energy follows thoughts"
and that, as Cayce said so often, "Mind
is the Builder." Now that you under-
stand a little better how faith actually
works and the effect of your beliefs
from a psychological perspective, you
can begin to examine your faith and
beliefs with new awareness and under-
standing. Does it make any sense for
you to settle for anything less than the
highest and the best? Cayce didn't
think so!
THE CAYCE READINGs CD-ROM FORUM
If you are stuck trying to research the
Level 1, ready to continue your inves-
Caycereadings on your computer, here is the
tigation of documents still queued up
place to send your questions ana get some
from your original search.
help-the Cayce Readings CD-ROM Forum.
DOS users: Using the Advance
Or, if you've discovered a helpful shortcut or
Search screen, let's execute a different
search approach, send it to us.
example search. Type in for S1 the
single word "measles" and execute a
Q. Is there a way to go directly from
search with F7. Your search will isolate
the Index to the referenced paragraph in
136 documents. The DOS version queues
the Text, Background, or Reports? For
up isolated documents grouped by
example, in searching the Indexes for a
Case and Sequence number. The group-
particular word, I find what I'm looking
ing is in this order: Reports, Back-
for, but then 1 want to go directly to the
ground, Text, and Index. By default,
the documents are displayed in de-
A. Unfortunately, there is no auto-
matic way to do this, but there are
scending Case number order.
To move to a Text document from
methods to facilitate moving from an
an Index, all that you need to do is
Index to other parts of the reading. The
press the browse key for backing up,
approach is different depending on
ie. the key pad minus (-) key and you
whether you are using the DOS version
will move directly to the correspond-
or the Windows/Mac version.
ing Text document. After reviewing
Windows & Mac users: In order to
the Text press F4 to return to the Docu-
move between different parts of a read-
ment Header Screen. At the Header
ing, you need to have the Directory List/
Screen you can rapidly browse using
Folder List selected for "All" before start-
the key pad plus (t) key to locate the
ing a search. With "All" selected, the
next Index or any other listed document.
documents isolated from a search are
One problem may occur, although
queued up for browsing in the order of
not frequently with searches of medi-
Index, Text, Background, and Reports.
cal topics. As we saw in the example of
Consider an example of how this
searching on the phrase "Second Com-
strategy might work. Search on the
ing." an Index may be isolated but not
phrase "second coming," and you'll
the corresponding Text because the ex-
get 49 occurrences in 41 documents,
act words don't appear in the Text.
queued up with the indexes first. As
When this situation arises with the
you move from index to index, using
DOS version, it's best to make note of
the "go to next document" button on
the actual document number of the In-
the tool bar, suppose that 262-103
dex and return to the Advanced Search
catches your attention because the in-
screen to initiate a new search. The
dex shows that this reading also con-
Text will be the document with a num-
cerns Christmas, and you're intrigued
ber exactly one higher (the Background
by the connection. However, it just so
two higher; the Report, three higher).
happens that the Text of reading 262-
'For example, suppose you took a close
103 never uses the exact words "second
look at this measles entry from the
coming" and so that document hasn't
Document Summary Screen:
been selected and isn't part of the
38353 2577-001 INDEX M 51
documents queued up right now.
The Text of reading 2577-001 (i.e.,
However, so as to not destroy the
document number 38354, which is one
queued-up set of documents you're
higher than the document number for
going to want to go back to, you can get
the Index) doesn't contain the word
to the Text in the following way. Click
measles. You would need to return to
on the "Suspend" button on the tool
the Advanced Search Screen and enter
bar. This shifts you to "Level 2," as
this search statement: S2 doc 38354
you'll see noted at the top of the screen.
This will allow you to proceed into
In the "Search Phrase #1" box, type in
the Text itself. You'll then have to re-
"text of reading 262-103" and then hit
turn to the Advanced Search screen
"Enter." The text of the reading will be
and re-rerun your original S1 search
found and you can look through it.
statement to re-create the list of iso-
When you're done, click on "Resume"• lated documents to continue your in-
from the tool bar and you're back to
vestigation.
January/February 1996 VENTURE INWARD • 45
