{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T22:02:47Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1979235, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116078-book-review-and-clippings-on-mind-control-by-gordon-thomas-1989-journey-into-madness.pdf", "source_sha256": "13b9acdb6853bd35b8edbbad99ee248bfa8a532957e7762625bb59c420bf956a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2326, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Date:
Re:
L
3731798,
10-0
X-refs
to Rockefeller-funded CIA psi-psych experiments?
Find
MJ12
Mind
Cuntral
To those blind-copied by this sender, (subject post following) /
Fascinating post from "Mind Control" list on the 'Net, (x-ref.):
Sad history of CIA experimentation as reported in "Journey Into Madness, " by
Gordon Thomas, excerpted below to which I drew
some attention back in '95.
This book sources CIA funding for "psychiatric experimentation" at Canada's
Allen Memorial Institute to Rockefellers, at request of the Dulles brothers,
of whom Allen was CIA Director. According to Thomas's book, the Rockefeller
funding of psychiatric experimentation
and social change was long-standing and
multi-generational, as was the "occult" interest which continues to the
present time, in UFOs.
After I'd told John Mack about Thomas's book, when with John in July of 1993
and later sent excerpts like this one, I'd asked him (in my role as HPF's
Director of Project Development and, I assumed, somewhat of a guardian of our
Pell, and benefactor, L. S. Rockefeller), Mack had a melt-down, tossing
the stuff aside. Mack also admitted he was the
"asshole" of a resident (Mack's
term) described by psychiatrist and activist Dr. Peter Breggin, whose book
"Toxic Psychiatry" is antithesis of what Mack represented, (before he went
"New Age" and est) .
Mack said he was "different then," and he denied published link of him (and
Budd Hopkins) to allegations of
connections to the "Human Ecology" experiments
to which former intelligence asset
and anti-mind-control activist Julianne
McKinney said Mack had a tie. (Gordon Thomas describes a "Human Ecology
Institute" as CIA's vehicle for Rockeybucks.)
Suggest you do a "web search" for references to "Puharich," and follow these
to "fringeware" and the "Doc Hambone"
sites. Go via "hotlinks" to the various
players, including bio-sketches of Laurance Rockefeller, Puharich, Lockheed
(Laughead) and all of the happy mind-explorers and psi-warriors of proto-Nazi
Hey...I didn't write it, folks. I'm just the question man here. I'd been paid
by Laurance's money to work for Pell and Jones and do the "right thing. " Guess
Jones misread me as a "true-belief" kind of guy.
Pretty interesting, to get so
far 'inside' a gaggle of supposed "psychic spies." Maybe I used another
"higher power?"
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 418, "chars": 2776, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
X
So, while we await the "alien descent," it's just another crime and slime
story down here on ol' Mother Ball-O'-Dirt Planet, eh.
- - - - +
Subj:
[MC] CIA-Black Magic
Date:
Tue, Mar 31, 1998 16:24 EDI
From:
LINKS TO BLACK MAGIC & CIA
Book Review and Clippings
(Eight pages)
Thomas, Gordon.
1989. *Journey
Into Madness, The True Story of Secret
Mind Control and Medical Abuse.* NY: Bantam Books. 388 p.
Thomas' book is one of the real finds in conspiracy literature for its
breadth of information and especially the information contained in the
last chapters which brings CIA involvement in mind control operations
up-to-date through the Reagan and Bush years, as a bonus.
Thomas is an
excellent, seasoned researcher and writer.
John Marks' *In Search of
the Manchurian Candidate,* includes most of Thomas' material up until
1979, but Thomas supersedes this material with information beyond this
time period.
What is included is brief but nicely done and it brings up
new information and questions.
I am including here a passage which
gypsy-black-magic and telepathic seerers.
He describes these groups has
having extraordinarily high numbers in the 70s.
Those who cry "poisons" may have as perps, may have COVENS in their
Iocal areas which are handling their non-consensual "conditioning" or
"training" or ovum transfers and removals.
Because of the shear numbers
Thomas cites, questions evolve concerning their intertwining with other
crime syndicates worldwide.
This has been a little discussed aspect of
syndicate work - witchcraft.
Coven syndicates might tie together
'onspiracy with santeria-type black magic (French and British Creoles
rom the Caribbean originally) and use of specialized implants, ver
possibly introduced by the Creoles (and other cannibal cults) as
research which Delgado undertook after these culture-technologies were
introduced to the U.S. military.
which fit into my research. Creoles in my fanily
were working hand in hand with government implantations and drug
And Delgado, being a spanish man, was probably not ar
accident in terms of his working on these implants, perhaps he was
familiar with the use of implants and telepathic communication from his
experiences in Spain and in Spanish caves like those in Grenada (which
are known to be homes to unusual groups and gypsies there).
Perhaps
these Spanish gypsies are related to the U.S. Creole ones or even the
gnomes Taylor Caldwell (*Captains and The Kings*) brings up. The U.S.
Creoles are involved with some maligned rituals and cannibal
activities.
All this is speculation on this author's part, but threads
which appear to be tieing together.
This passage also contains a very nice summary of early implants used
on civilians and a summary of the early stages of Watergate cover-ups.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 442, "chars": 2857, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=
(p. 274 - 282)
By May 1971, Operation Often had on its payroll three professional
astrologers.
Each received $350 a week plus expenses to cover what they
claimed would be their loss of regular earnings. Their task was to
predict the future.
The astrologers sat for hours in soundproof booths in the Scientific
rage in an e those lads oct ho some precise sent . Thy
magazines.
happening would develop.
There were interesting predictions.
severe port oat age diving it = hongh she see and not montand
Another foresaw that the Vietnam War would end in disaster
for the United states -- not a difficult piece of forecasting for a
conflict that was now costing $25 billion a year, and with American dead
Asked by the behavioralists to produce a psycho-profile of a typical
skyjacker, the palmists settled for a young, dispossessed Cuban type of
personality - apparently a youth who was impetuous and disillusioned
enough with the United States to be prepared to risk his life to hijack
a plane to the island.
The psychics were asked for suggestions to combat the hijackers. Among
the more memorable ones were that airline stewardesses should be trained
to seduce hijackers, passengers should be made to travel in their
undergarments, with an airline cloak to allow then their modesty; and
before each flight the pilot should play through the aircraft public
address system the Cuban national anthem and arrest anyone who stood
up.
The only suggestion the Agency passed on to the airline industry
was that every pilot should carry approach maps for Jose Marti Airport
in Havana.
By early 1972, Operation Often had taken on two more palmists, both
Chinese-American, to probe still further how handreading
could be
adapted to intelligence work.
The Agency behaviorists already knew that different cultures produced
varying personalities.
Each society had a particular vision of
masculinity and feminity, of rights and obligations.
The question the
palmists were asked to answer was how much of this could be discerned
from palm lines.
The hand-readers set to work.
Posing as educational psychologists,
they
visited a number of ethically vaiable conmunities, traveling north
to Alaska to study Eskimos and south to New Mexico to look at the hands
of Indians.
hile they were about their business, Operation Often went deeper, into
demonology.
In April 1972,
an oblique approach was made to the
monsignor
in charge of exorcisms for the Catholic archdiaocese of New
York.
He flatly refused to cooperate.
Undaunted, the Agency
behaviorist approached Sybil Leek, a Houston sorceress, who cast spells
with the help of a pet jackdaw called Hotfoot Jackson.
perched on her shoulders, Mrs. Ieek gave the "two very nice gen'1men"
from Washington a fast course on the current state of black magic in the
United states: four hundred regular covens operated by five thousand
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 2991, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
initiated witches and warlocks, who formed the low-profile apex of a
cards and factories
'o corner him for the Agency,
Devil must be made respectable.
University of South Carolina.
Concurrent with those investigations, ORD had taken up the challenge of
The failure at the Bien Hoa Hospital in Saigon was
rationalized: the team had been in too much of a hurry, and had worked
under far from ideal conditions; the proximity of a full-scale war was
not the place for such delicate experiments.
Before setting up their own program, the ORD scientists evaluated the
results achieved by Dr. Jose Delgado, a Yale psychiatrist. He had faced
a charging bull, fitted with electrodes in its brain, and with no other
protection save the small black box in his hands, Dr. Delgado had
deliberately goaded the bull by activating the implant that provoked the
animal to become futher enraged.
Then, with the bull almost upon him,
the psychologist had pressed another button.
The animal promptly
stopped in its tracks,
the result of a signal transmitted to the
electrode implanted in the
part of the bull's brain that calmed it.
Dr. Delgado freely admitted that his
still crude and not always predictable.
behavorialists of ORD shared the psychologist's vision that the day must
come when the technique would be perfected for making not only animals,
Dr. Robert G. Heath, a neurosurgeon at Tulane University had brought
that prospect closer through his experiments with electrical stimulation
of the brain (ESB) to arouse his patients sexually. Dr. Heath had
actually implanted 125 electrodes in the brain and body of a single
patient - for which he claimed a world record -- and had spent hours
stimulating the man's pleasure centers.
Like DI. Delgado, the neurosurgeon concluded that ESB could control
memory, impulses,
feelings,
and could evoke hallucinations as well as
fear and pleasure. It could literally manipulate centers.
Late in June 1972, Dr. Gottlieb, had jigged back and forth on the
carpet of the director's office, and his carefully controlled stammer
had surfaced as he enthused that at long, long last, here was the answer
to mind control, that ESB was the key to creating not only a
psychocivilized person but an entire psychocivilized society -- a world
where every human thought,
emotion, sensation, and desire could be
actually controlled by electrical stimulation of the brain.
The possibilities, said DI. Gottlieb, were far beyond the neurological
masturbation of the pleasure centers. Not only could a rampaging bull
be stopped in full charge, but humans could finally be programmed to
attach and kill on conmand.
Another step forward was about to be taken
in the Agency's search for the "Manchurian Candidate."
Helms agreed that research into ESB should come under the direct
control of Dr. Stephen Aldrich.
A former medical director of the
Agency's Office of Scientific Intelligence, Dr. Aldrich was widely
regarded among his ORD colleagues as a pathfinder. From dawn to dusk he
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 549, "chars": 3542, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
spent his time speculating, theorizing, and experimenting with the
possibilities of harnessing ESB for intelligence work.
Using the latest
computer technology, he developed Rubenstein's earlier work on radio
telemetry, and the unfullfilled dream the English technician had shared
with Dr. Cameron of a world of electrically monitored people became that
much more of a reality.
In the safe house where Yuri Nosenko had been brutalized, Dr. Aldrich
supervised infinitely more sophisticated research included in the
equipment he used was a piece not even Orwell had dared invent for his
Called the Schwitzgebel Machine, the boxlike construction had
developed by Ralph K Schwitzgebel in the Laboratory of Community
His brother, Robert, had
subsequently modified the prototype so that the final product was
something Rubenstein would have taken pride in, indeed, in many ways it
resembled a smaller version of hte cumbersome transducer the technician
had built in the Montreal basement.
The Schwitzgebel Machine consisted of a Behavior transmitter-Reinforcer
(BT-R) fitted to a body belt that received from and transmitted signals
to a radio module. In the official description of the machine that
module was "linked to a modified-missile-tracking device which graphs
the wearer's location and displays it on a screen."
The Schwitzgebel Machine -- its very name suggested something designed
to make people enjoy their servitude -- was able to record all physical
and neurological signs in a subject from up to a quarter of a mile -- an
impressive improvement over the distance between the Grid Room and the
cubbyhole where Dr. Cameron had monitored Madeleine Smith and other
patients.
By August 1972 other proponents of the Schwitzgebel Machine were
voicing their enthusiasm.
They were led by Professor Barton I.
Ingrahma, a criminologist at the University of Maryland,
and Gerald W.
Smith, professor of criminal studies at the University of Utah.
In a joint paper, Ingraham and Smith painted a vivid scenario of how
the machine could be used to keep track of known criminals.
He or she
would be fitted with a brain implant and woudl be tracked, with the
psychological data being transmitted from the implant to the machine.
using probabilities, would come to a decision and alert the
police if necessary.
Adapting that frightening vision of tomorrow's world formed part of
ORD's concept of the New Jerusalem of intelligence.
on September 20, 1972, the station chief in the U.s. Embassy in Ottawa
reported to the directorate of operations in Langley that Dr. Morrow was
still actively pursuing her legal action against the Allan Memorial
Institute and Dr. Cameron's estate.
The intelligence officer regularly
reviewed what, if any, progress Dr. Morrow had made. Previously his
reports on the matter had gone unremarked.
For some reason - Buckley
thought if the surprise of one of the keen young officers who regularly
passed thorugh the DDO that after so long and so many setbacks Dr.
Morrow was still pursuing her claims -- the ottawa report had been sent
to the seventh floor.
Within hours the order came winging back to the DDO that a full check
should be run on the status of every patient known to have been used in
DI. Cameron's research.
was there any way -- any way at all - that
what had been done to them could be traced back to the Agency? Six
weeks later,
on November 15, the DDO reported to the director that, as
as it could establish,
was no way the Agency could be
implicated -- except through the material in its own archives.
5
•

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 2892, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
On December 10, 1972, Helms ordered Operation Often -- all of it --
cancelled.
The probe into the occult, Dr. Aldrich's work, almost a
score of active subprojects, were halted forthwith.
one-line memo - marked READ, DESTROY -- the director offered Dr.
Gottlieb no explanation.
The senior scientist was mortified.
He made
several trips to the seventh floor to argue, and finally plead. Helms
remained unmoved.
Buckley -- once more back in the field, this time working in Cambodia
- would recall that, on one of his visits to langley around that time,
"there was just a very unhappy air about ORD. Like everyone was in
mourning."
ffort was made by Helms to persuade him to stay.
is departure, and acting on the director's order, Dr. Gottlieb shreddec
records of M-K-Ultra/M-K-Search.
on February 2, 1973 - again without an explanation -- President Nixon
replaced Helms as director.
In a farewell luncheon with his successor,
James R. Schlesinger, Helms was asked if there was anything in the
Agency's recent history that could cause problems.
Helms replied, "Nope. Not a thing."
Several floors below where the two men sat in the executive dining room
were meating eat endat that boss tethe areapes why contaded to
Schlesinger soon realized he had inherited an Agency that had been on
the rampage,
1d1ng roughshod over the Constitution and virtually actir
as President Nixon's private security force.
ince May 12, 1969 - whe
nembers of Division D, the specialized unit that burgled and placec
istening bugs, had planted seventeen wiretaps in the offices and homes
of White House
aide and newsmen following publication of the secret
bombing of Cambodia - the Agency had routinely operated outside the
t had become involved in domestic intelligence-gathering, spyin
against Americans opposed to the Vietnam War.
After The New York Time
published the Pentagon Papers in 1971, fed to it by Daniel Ellsberg, the
Howard untied upon do break into lose sidberg
psychiatrist looking for evidence that could discredit the newspaper's
informant.
Time and again the Agency had carried out other break-ins -- what were
surreptituous entries in the files marked ROP SECRET that
Schlesinger had found in his office safe.
sed siter had men were arrested or breaking into ene Democratia
headquarters in the Watergate Building in Washington, the Agency did
everything it could to hamper the FBI's investigation.
Schlesinger realized why Helms had been cosigned to the other end of
the world as U.S. ambassador to Iran. Removing him was part of the
containment operation that the new director suspected had the full
knowledge of the President.
Coming into office, the director had been presented by John D.
Enrlichman, assistant to the president for domestic affairs, with a
thick file on the latest supposed Communist infiltration in the United
States. The Communists were accused, among other things, of being
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 2975, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
behind a grave-diggers strike in New York, a walkout by air traffic
controllers, and an attempt to undermine the morals of young Americans
by getting teachers to introduce a more realistic sex education
program.
The trail of all this led back to Moscow, charged the White
House document.
Who else but the KGB would have encouraged the
foundation of the Women's International Terrorist Conspiracy for Hell
(WITCH), an aggressive feminist movement?
Who else but the Soviet Union
was behind the campaign for abortion on demand?
Who else was behind the
thousand bomb threats New York received every week? Who else stood to
benefit from the call to revolution by Angela Davis, a daughter of the
black middle class, and the Soledad brothers, three black militants not
actually related to each other, but who were the torchbearers for
violent
action against the police? Who else but Moscow?
schlesinger asked the Directorate of Operations to investigate what, if
any, evidence existed to substantiate the White House allegations.
The file also contained claims that the Russian doctors had tortured
captured Americans in North Vietnam and that the Patrice Iumumba
centers in Bulgaria and East Germany, where opponents of communism were
subjected to a wide range of medical torture.
Alarmed by the accusations of medical malpractive, Schlesinger ordered
urgent checks to be made, only to discover that, while the charges were
almost certainly true, they were hardly new. Station chiefs had
reported them on several previous occasions.
Ironically, the White House focused the director's attention on the
Agency's own past record.
Some a 02 emera 20 0 quera cat the director Brice
should be informed at once about any instances where Agency offricials
had performed improper or illegal acts.
Career officers, who already regarded Schlesinger as a meddling
outsider, were outraged.
Some felt they were being asked to inform and
py on each other,
secure cooter er beanstall most med for intelligene republic
organization in the world.
A scientist with ORD send the director a copy of one of Dr. Gottlieb's
memos on Operation Often.
"our operation officers, particularly the
emerging group of new senior officers, have shown a discerning care and
cealize that, in addition to moral and ethical considerations, there are
extremely sensitive security considerations."
The message to Schlesinger was clear: Back off.
The scientist was promptly fired. There would be no backing off, and
anyone who refused to comply with the director's command could also
expect to be dismissed.
lithin days, Schlesinger's desk was covered with piles of paperworl
hat extended back to the death of Frank Olsen and Operation Artichoke.
The catalogue of misdeeds ran from Korea to Vietnam.
The paperwork
mounted daily, keeping pace with the unraveling Watergate crisis.
Schlesinger grew increasingly stunned at the scope of the Agency's
previous misbehavior.
Nothing had been too great or small, too risky or
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 584, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
vile to try.
Blackmail, bribery,
sexual harassment, and violence of all
often ending in
had become commonplace.
horrific.
zet, somehow, It all the disinterring, not a word e genuinely
about what had happened in Montreal.
The book continues... as Nixon quickly moves Schlesinger OUT of the
ffice of CIA chief and into the position of secretary of Defense Or
July 2, 1973, before Schlesinger could expose the wrong-doings. My
Creole AF mother I remember simply detested Schlesinger and used to go
into fits over how much during family discussions.)
END>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
8
