{"created_utc": "2026-09-12T17:19:08Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 272193, "source_ctime_ns": 1788303929898615767, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116076-mystery-black-helicopters.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540498140000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116076-mystery-black-helicopters.pdf", "source_sha256": "e889ebd78d8431a9c1375c9ade6d8c2a637634b168a3d16b6ec1a5d55d64e5e9"}

4©

                     CLASSiFiED
                  GOMMUNICA TI 'S
              CLASSIFIED COMMUNICATIONS--'C-CON'--IS AN INDEPENDENT -/ ~            n
O CT                IIFO/FORTEAN NEWSLETTER PUBLISHED MONTHLY               1       `//
                                                                 If the majority of unknown
              o     MYSTERY                                   helicopter reports involve
                                                              actual     human-manufactured

           Helicopters                                        aircraft we can assume that
                                                              most of these aircraft are
                                                              probably military in origin
                    by EdC A Aggen. Jr.                       and   operate from either
           c7
                                                              secret or publically-known
                                                              military bases within the
                                                              operational range of the
  Mysterious unmarked and/or unidentified helicopters have
                                                              particular helicopter types.
been linked with large numbers of cattle mutilations, UFO
                                                                 Since the end of Nbrld War
sightings and other unusual phenomena over the past
                                                              II the U.S. Military has been
twenty-five or thirty years. In addition, many UFO
                                                              engaged in a vast amount of
witnesses and purported tWO abductees have reported that
                                                              underground     construction.
mysterious helicopters have frequently flown and/or
                                                              Undoubtedly, much of this
hovered over their hares at very low altitudes. The same
                                                             'construction- consists      of
witnesses .have also reported that mysterious helicopters
                                                             ;nuclear-hardened      military
have followed than on numerous occasions." Mystery
                                                              bases which were designed to
helicopters -have     also   been    observed   apparently
                                                              keep operating even after an
"investigating" enigmatic UFO-related incidents such as
                                                             'all-out nuclear war. •Thus, we
the Rock Creek Canyon "explosions" and the "blue flare"
                                                              can deduce that there are
noted later in this article.
                                                              probably dozens, if not
   Obviously, these mysterious helicopters are REAL and
                                                              hundreds, of secret military
they are being flown by REAL P1101'S and they case from
                                                              bases hidden all over the
REAL BASES somewhere! The question is WHO and WHERE? The      United States which would not
vast majority of mystery helicopter reports involve
                                                              be recognized as such since
relatively short-range helicopters such as McDonnell
                                                              very little evidence would be
Douglas 500/503 Defenders (aka OH-6 Cayuses), Bell
                                                              visible or obvious on      the
Iroquois, Bell Jet Rangers (aka Kiawas), McDbnnell Ibuglas
                                                              surface near such bases.
Apaches, Bell Huey Cobras, and in lesser numbers, Sikorsky
                                                              Mystery   helicopters could
Blackhawks and Boeing CH-47 Chinooks. All of these            operate fran such        h ces
helicopters, with the exception of the Chinook, have
                                                              virtually undetected.
ranges of only 373 to 428 miles. The Chinook, if not             The following cases from
burdened with a large payload, has a one-way "ferry range"
                                                              the 1970's to the present
of 633 to 1275 miles. But the typical mission range for
                                                              involve mystery helicopters
the Chinook is only 115 miles. Thus, the vast majority of     sighted in conjunction with
mystery helicopters must operate fran bases within a 200
                                                              UFOs, cattle mutilations or
to 250 mile RADIUS fran where they are sighted unless they    related phenomena. In each
are fitted with oversized fuel tanks or special drop tanks
                                                              case possible -known military
which would considerably extend their normal operational      bases are listed which may
range (radius) but severely limit their payload               have been the base(s) of
capability.                                                   operation for the particular
   Tbday one in three military aircraft are helicopters       helicopter types involved.
and the U.S. Army is the world's largest user of                 CASE #1: Mid-70's, San
helicopters. Over 4000 Bell UH-1H Iroquois Utility            this Valley, Colorado/ A
Transport helicopters, for example, have been produced and    young couple caning into San
delivered to the U.S. Army and another 1400 have been         Luis    passed   a    property
delivered to foreign custaners.                               where 17 cattle mutilations
had been reported and observed a helicopter that had a LIVE COW IN A HARNESS
HANGING FROM IT directly over the highway. They reported their sighting to the
sheriff but when they returned to the area about 6 miles east of San this, the
only evidence they were able to find was a spot in the center of the highway
where the cow had apparently urinated. They later found a mutilated animal
(unknown type) about a mile away. NEWS SOURCE: Rocky Nbuntain News, 4/14/93.
PCSSIBLE HELICOPTER BASES: Fort Carson (4 miles south of Colorado Springs);
Kirtland AFB, Albuquerque, NM; Peterson AFB (3 miles east of Colorado
Springs).

CASE #2: Deo®ber 29, 1980, near Huffman Texas/ Betty Cash and Vickie and
Colby Landrum encountered a diamond-shaped UFO at treetop height hovering
above the road in front of than. The UFO was bright and making considerable
noise. All three witnesses later suffered fran symptoms identical to radiation
sickness. The witnesses observed a large number (over 20) of double-rotor
Chinook helicopters and other single-rotor helicopters (possibly huey rttras
or Iroquois) apparently "escorting" the UFO. The Air Force denied the
helicopters belonged to then. NEWS SOURCE: Various publications.
FCSSIBLE HE[SCOPTRR BASES: Huffman AFB, TX; Chase Field Naval Air Station (5
miles southeast of Beeville, TX); Fort Hood (28 miles west of Tanple, TX).

                                                         CASE #3: 1993, rural Sand Mountain
              MESSENGER, Cairo, GA                       mrnrnity of rxrtleast Alabama/ In five
        July 29, 1992     CR: H. Meadows                 months over 20 cases of dead, mutilated
                                                       - animals were reported in Dekalb and
 Watching UFO Watchers?                                  Marshall counties. Most of the animals
                                                         were caws -but there -were sane goats and
                                                         one dog. In several of the cases
                                                         helicopters were seen flying at treetop
                                                         level in areas where the animals were
                                                         mutilated. NEWS SOURCE: UFO Newsclipping
                                           s


                                                         Service.
                                                         POSSIBLE    HELICOPTER     BASES:    Fort
                                                         McClellan (northeast of Anniston, AL);
                                                         Redstone Arsenal, Huntsville, AL.

   Ed Komarek Jr., local MUFON field                    CASE #4: January 1993, Ptffat, Colorado/
 representative, says UFO witnesses in Grady
 County and vicinity are wondering who's flying        .A   rancher   returning    fran   Salida,
 those unmarked helicopters around their homes          Colorado on Highway 17 saw a "dark green
 and adjoining surroundings. He provided this           two-man helicopter" menacing his herd of
 photo and reported that Mary Ann Meadows, a            horses in a corral next to the highway.
 UFO witness;took the picture as a man inside the
 chopper photographed her when she stepped out          The helicopter was hovering less than
 into the yard at her residence Cairn.
                              of                        100 feet fran his herd. The helicopter
    Komarek added that a neighbor reported seeing       had an FAA Identification number but it
 a chopper over his property while he was               appeared to be inL-tauplete. NEWS SOURCE:
 lecturing on UFOs. recently, in Gulf Breeze,
 Florida, an area he described as "a national           Mysterious Valley Report.
 hotsput."                                              FOSSIBLE HELICOPTER BASES: Same as Case
    "UFO literature is full of cases of witnesses       #1.
 under surveillance around the country and the
 world. Now. unless information surfaces to the
 contrary, perhaps Grady County can be added to         CASE #5: February 25, 1993, Rainavil],e,
 that large number of cases attesting to high level     Alabana/ A bright sphere-shaped UEO with
 military and government involvement in UFOs."          "peculiar projections of light being
 Komarek said.                                          emitted" was sighted and photographed
                                                        above   south    Dekalb    county.   The

                                                      - 2-
    photographer said the UFO looked like "a big star" but was about four times
    brighter and three or four times larger than any star in the sky. The UFO
    appeared to get brighter, rotate, and change colors. Witnesses also said that
    several helicopters seemed to be flying "in close proximity" to the UFO. On
    the same night a witness in Sylvania reported what appeared to be "planes"
    flying under a similar UFO. NEWS SOURCE: Weekly Post, Rainsville, AL, 2/25/93.
    POSSIBLE RFLTCDPTER BASES: Redstone Arsenal, Huntsville, AL; Fort McClellan
    (SE of Anniston, AL).

    CASE #6: April 21, 1993, Pensacola, Florida/ Several witnesses observed a UFO
    as it appeared in the middle of a broad expanse of clear sky. The UFO was
    fairly stable as it dinned and brightened with no particular rhythm, pulsating
    from a bright to a brighter red. Through a    9r of binoculars one witness was
    able to see that the one red light was actually three very close lights in a
    triangular formation. During the sighting witnesses heard a helicopter
    approaching fran behind than. AS THE HELICOPTER CAME CLOSE THE UFO CHANGED 4U
    A VERY BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT AND E4IntD A SERIES OF RAPID FLASHES AS IF IT WAS
    SENDING A CODED MESSAGE AT A HIGH RATE OF SPEED. As the helicopter passed
    overhead the UFO slaaly faded fran sight. NEWS SOURCE: UFO Newsolipping
    Service & the Pensacola, FL Islander.
    POSSIBLE HELICOPTER BASES: Eglin AFB (40 miles east of Pensacola); Navy Air
    Station (5 miles southwest of Pensacola); Writing Field Naval Air Station (35
    miles northeast of Pensacola).

—    CASE #7: Stadwr 22, 1993, Pensacola Beads, .Florida/ Around 3:48 PM, mix -
     witnesses observed a large, amber, egg-shaped UPO in the sky to the NNW of
 - .•Greenbriar Circle in Tiger Point. One witness estimated the UPO was-_about ten
- -feet in diameter. The UFO was moving silently to the ENE at about-10 miles per-- -
     hour. After observing the UPO for a short time a large helicopter was sighted _._.
    toward the west caning from behind the roofline of a house. It approached the
     UPO and the UFO suddenly disappwed_ After several seconds the witness was
     able to make out a dim ring of eight independent lights. The ring of lights
    then accelerated to 30 to 50 miles per hour and the helicopter veered due
     north. NEWS SOURCE: UFO Newsclipping Service.
    •POSSTRT.F HE lu.x- ER BASES: Same as Case #6.

    CASE #8: January 19 & 22, 1994, Rock Creek, Colorado/ During January NORAD
    reported a "significant explosion" in the Rock Creek Canyon/Fuchs Reservoir
    area (January 12th), and five days later three different Rock Creek area
    residents reported sighting a --"blue -flare" in the night sky. Police
    investigated the explosion and the blue flare but were unable to find anything
    to account for the strange reports. Several other unexplained explosions were
    reported in the Rock Creek area in January but could not be verified. A short
    time after the unusual reports a deputy sheriff reported sighting three
    unidentified and unmarked helicopters flying in a SEARCH PATTERN back and
    forth over the foothills in the Rock Creek Canyon area. Two of the helicopters
    had large blue strobe lights and the third was illuminated with red, blue, and
    white lights. They were flying fran the 2S (a road) to the 9S and from the top
    of Greenie to the county line. The U.S. Army, Air Force, and Colorado and New
    Mexico National Guard units all denied the helicopters belonged to than.
    However, when an investigator called NORAD to ask about the helicopters he was
    told "THAT'S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION."
       Intriguingly, a month before the Rock Creek Canyon sightings, on Deca±er
    1st, between 8:30 to 9:30 PM, TWO FORMATIONS OF UNIDENTIFIED HELICOPTERS were

                                       -3-
videotaped as they searched the valley in a region where WITNESSES SAW AN
"OBJECT" cac DOWN on the previous night. A iviAL OF TEN CRAFT WERE OBSERVED
SEARCHING THE AREA between Hooper and La Garita. THEY SEEMED TO BE SILENT.
NEWS SOURCE: Creston Eagle, February 1994 a UFO Newsclipping Service.
PCSSIBLE HELIX) '1tR BASFS: Same as Case #1.

   According to cattle mutilation investigator Ted Oliphant, a former
spokesman for the U.S. Air Force Strategic Air Camtand at Sawyer Air Force
Base in Marquette, Michigan, mystery helicopters have been sighted in the
vicinity of more than 90% of cattle mutilations. He also claims that the
majority of helicopters involved in cattle mutilations are Bell Jet
Rangers (aka OH-58 Kiowas). The mystery helicopters are usually black, dark
gray, light blue or light green in color and unmarked. - --

    Curiously, author Ed Conroy described same ATYPICAL mystery helicopters in
 his book, Report on Ccnnunion. While most mystery helicopters are black or
 dark in color and totally unmarked, the helicopter sighting reports in Report
 on Catmunion involved Chinook-type ts.o-rotor helicopters, Bell "47-model"
 helicopters, and only a few of the nore canron Huey-types: in one case a
 Chinook was painted red, blue, and white; in another a Chinook was painted
'brown with a horizontal red stripe running through the cabin and dawn the
 tail; in a third case a Bell 47-model helicopter had a blue fuselage and the
 metal enclosing the cockpit bubble was painted white. The helicopter was
 unmarked and had a searchlight in the nose. In the latter case the Bell
 47-model helicopter made several close passes near the author's office in a
                                                                               -.
 seven-story building located in the midrle of downtown San Antonio, Texas          - --
 while shining a spotlight directly in his windaw: Conroy stated that he could
 "hardly go anywhere" in San Antonio during the spring and sumter oUl988
 without seeing a mysterious helicopter beside -or above his car, or even above - -
 his bicycle when he was out riding.

                              *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *

CRWIT: Credit for the newsclipping on page two, "Watching UFO Watchers?" goes
to the August 1992 issue (#277) of Lucius Farish's outstanding UEO
Newsclipping Service. We highly recarnend this excellent source of current
ufological news to all of our readers. Subscription information and sample
pages fran the UFO Newsclipping Service are available upon request fran: Route
1, Box 220, Plumerville, Arkansas 72127.

CLOSING NOTES: The mystery helicopter photographed in the above newsclipping
is a Bell UH-1 Iroquois with a range of about 400 miles (511 kilaneters).
Possible bases this type of helicopter auld operate fran include: Fort
Benning, Columbus, GA; Moody AFB, Valdosta, GA; Albany Naval Air Station, GA;
Robins AFB, Warner Robins, GA; Cecil Field Naval Air Station, Jacksonville,
FL; Jacksonville Naval Air Station, FL; Eglin AFB, FL; Pensacola Naval Air
Station, FL; Mayport Naval Air Station, FL (near Jacksonville); and Whiting
Field Naval Air Station, FL (NE of Pensacola).


 CLASSIFIED COMMUNICATIONS
         SUBS: $12.00
                                                                   ;aS~s7paf
           [RICH A. ACOEN JR.
               1319 Holmes
          Kansas City, MO 64110           — 4 —
                                                              I   C1aSS%fle®
                                                              COMMUNICATION$`•i
