{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T03:22:24Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1017379, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116085-former-san-quentin-inmate-tells-of-being-a-victim-of-mind-control-m-i-n-d-device-hiding-abuses-with-the-national-security-act-10-21-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "1c464b7528d2fe8055fe4fc8d582b7a18dda003253380d02d36c4ea858ea95d1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 432, "chars": 2860, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
October 21. 1996
7:56 PM
SLUG: MIND CONTROL
2601 WORDS
SECRET MIND-CONTROL EXPERIMENTS AT SAN QUENTIN
A REAL-LIFE DRAMA WITH NOTORIOUS CHARACTERS, HIGH TECHNOLOGY AND
GLOBAL IMPLICATIONS
by
as cold to
X
Fron military officers to prison innutes, the ranks of ordinary Americans who claim to have
been the unwilling subjects of mind-control reseirch continue to grow.
In a mind- control-victins" support group, prelaw student X
X met former San Quentin
inmate
who had an incredible story to tell—incredible, that is, had X
X not had
similar experiences. While she does not excuse the violent crime for which her recent associate
was imprisoned in 1957, neither can she condone the use of unwilling prisoners in this or an
other sype of experimentation. To his story, she has added much ancillary documentation
In Germany, they came first for the Communists, and I didn't speak up because I
wasn't a Communist. Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up because I
wasn't a jew. Then they came for the trade umonists, and I didn't speak up because I
wasn'i is trade unonist. Then they cane for the Catholics, and I didn't speak up because I
was i Protestant. Then chey came for me, and by that time no one was left to speak up.
—Pastor Martin Niemoeller I
I was a victim of psychological behavior-modification experimentation because of my
political beliefs, 2 I want people to know about my experience so that they may realize that
the U.S.. government is developing mind-control rechnology using U.S. citizens withour their
consent. It is hiding its rights abuses with the National Security Acr.
The experiments I was involved in took place at San Quentin starting in 1967, after I had
been in che prison system for10 years. They lasted 17 months, ran 24 hours a day nonstop and
used a sound projection that simulated environments. I was cested psychologically, and the
experiment was designed to study my fears, weaknesses and reactions in order to develop a
means to control people.
-Bartlett's Quotations, Little. Brown & Co., 16th ed., Boston. 1992.
2Although
• was not imprisoned for his political views, apparently they
led directly to the mind-control which he alleges began after he had been
incarcerated 10 years. By that time. he had developed social relationships with
various prison officials that led to their learning his political attitudes. (See p.
..) Despite his having committed a violent crime, we must not write off the
invasion of rights which he alleges with a careless
"he deserved it" or "it was
for the good of society"; every convict retains the fundamental human right to
informed consent before receiving any type of treatment. If the prison
officials involved indeed violated xx* rights, especially with so pernicious
and invasive a "therapy" as he describes. were they not as guilty of criminal
violence as he himself?—Ed.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 489, "chars": 3353, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
October 31. 1996 7:56 P.M
This may be hard to believe. but a good comparison would be the Tuskegee syplules
experunenes on black men chat che Naconal Inscruce of Heatch funded uncl che 1970% • The
subjeces were noo given i curo alchough one was available. In my casc. che unethical
experiments were pertormed not my on body, but my mind.
How The Magnetic Integrated Neuron Duplicator ("M.L.N.D. DEVICE") WORKS
One victim * has filed a suit alleging "comote neural monicoring and clectron bratn-link
technology:" The cheory behind dis cochnology is that che brain emits clectromagnocic energy
ivhich can be detected and, analyzed as an electroencephalograph (EEG) does, Compurers can
correlate behavior and speech to che brain-wave signals, permitting choughts to be remorely
deciphered.
This cheory works in reverse also. Stimulating and concrolling behavior, che brain
communicates via electromagnetic signals, and certain frequencies creace and correspond wich
pecific mood stares and behavior. The brain cannot distinguish a foreign signal from its own.
by targeting the subconscious mind with messages, as hypnotists do; the remore operator can l
targer che subconscious, making this technology a very porent mind-control weapon.
This is a simple explanation of complex rechnology bus, since President Bush proclaimed
che 1990s "the Decade of che Brain, "S it is well within the realm of reality. One of the best
books on this topic is Gary Selden and Dr. Robert Becker's The Body Electric:
Electromagnetism and The Foundation of Life 6
"Mind Control To Major Tom"
Using mind-control rechnology, che experimenters knew what I was thinking and feeling. i
filed i court case in 1968, stating, "(Al brain device at San Quentin is being used upon him to
alter or destroy his brain" and "che machine emitted electromagnetic waves which stimulated
petitioner's brain."
They could communicate directly with my mind. At one point, they kept me awake for 27
days and nights. Dr. David Schmidt, chief psychiatrist ar San Quentin, later cold me that chey
had used a iVí.L.N.D. device on General Erwin Walker as they did on me. (Walker was the
»target of a missed gunshot by Lee Harvey Oswald at che time of the JFK murder.' Like me, he
was known for his strong political opinions.)
I chink that the goal of the behavior experiments, performed on us was to develop the
computer-brain technology for political purposes and as an intelligence tool. Using Pavlovian8
conditioning with negative psychological stimulus, manipulators can change your behavior.
3James H. Jones, Bad Blood. The Fuskegee Syphilis Experiment, Free Press, New
York, 1981.
4John Akwei. in Washington. DC., Civil Action No. 92-0449. See John Akwei.
"Covert Operations Of The U.S. National Security Agency." Nexus. Vol. 3.
April/May 1996, p. 17.
5 See "In Search of the Mind." Time, July 17, 1995, p.. 47.
William Morrow and Company, New York. 1985.
7See U.S. House of Representatives. The Final Assassinations Report: Report of
the Select Committee on Assassinations.
Bantam Books. New York. 1979. p. 59.
quoted by Dick Russell in The Man Who Knew Too Much: Hired To Kill Oswald
and Prevent the Assassination of JFK: Richard Case Nagell. Carroll and Grat
Publishers/R. Gallen, New York. 1992.
8From Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849-1936), Russian physiologist who studied
conditioned reflexes.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 447, "chars": 3083, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
October 21.1996 7:56 P.M
For example. chey verbally arcaked my conservarive polad vows all dos long for dars on
end. They wuld prassc all of the Varsists around me, such as che world-famous leader of the
Soledad Brothers, Gicorge Jackson, aho was in a nearby cell. As ma hrasshmg, chey tried in
chango my valtres.
A Canadian court cose." Orikoo e. G.S., describes branashug and Jecals a fustory oi
mind-control experimencation by che CIA. In chese exporiments, which have relevant
similarities to my non experience, i radio celemerry laboratory was used. Journey Into
Madness, which chronicles the Orlikou case, stares. "Ie was managed by Mr. Rubenstein who
stated that he would creare the clectrome equipment to be used on patients that aould encer
the deepest corners of there minds.' Ho told his coworkers chat he would also provide the
groundwork for 1 system that could be used to monitor human acrivity at a point remore from
the subject under study: " 10)
At about the time chat I was expermented on. my mocher-who never lost farch in me-saw
an episode of the CBS television show The ?lst Century called "Viracle of the Mind." It
described experiments around the country, stating chat research was being dirccted coward
controlling the mind, for example by implanting animals with electrodes and manipulating
their behavior. Scientist David Kroch warned about ominous abuses of the rechnology chat
could occur.
An Issue of "National Security"
Since mind-control rechniques are sull clossified, i have absolutely no remedy under che lair.
Evidence of the highly confidential status of chis electromagneto rechnology can be found in
such articles as "The Development of New Annpersonnel Weapons" by Lourse Doswald-Beck
and Gerald C. Cauderay in The International Review of the Red Cross" whuch states:
In spite of the rarity of publications on this subject, and the fact that it is usually
strictly classified information, research undertaken in this field seems to have
demonstrated that very small anounts of electromagnetic radiation could appreciably
alter the functions of living cells.... Some research seems to have confirmed that low-
level electromagnetic fields, modulated to be similar to normal brain waves, could
serousiy affeca bramn function. (Emphasis added.J
Mind-control research may have begun in che 1950s and evolved into a full-fledged
competition berween the two super powers, much like the nuclear-arms race. Several
describes a Hong Kong professor's suit against the U.S. government. 13 His case "names the
9682 F.Supp 77 (D.C.C.1988).
1 Gordon Thomas, Journey Into Madness: The True Story of Secret CIA Mind
Control and Medical Abuse, Bantam Books. NY. 1989. p. 179.
I! Nov. 1, 1990. p. 19-20. in the section titled "Directed Energy Weapons."
12The ESP-spying ("remote viewing") operation code-named "Stargate"
program run by the CIA. See Richard Cole. "U.S. didn't foresee faults in
psychic spies program." Sacramento Bee, Nov. 29. 1995, p. A2: "CIA spokesman
Mark Mansfield confirmed the existence of Stargate and the study."
13 Feb. 5. 1996. p. 60.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 2968, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ocrober 31. 1996 7:56 PM
University of Serence and Technology on thel grounds chat do was involved in concatung
mind control work."
A Problem of Credibility: How Do You Discuss iMind-Control Experimentation Beforc It is
Public Knowledge?
When I tried to commit suicide, cho experiment changed as suddenly as i had begun, us
though is goal had been mer. Apparendly looking for my breaking poine. the mind-benders
found ir. Their fear caccies comporarily changed my anci-Zionist views to Marxism, and I wrote
to che East German government for asylum. I scill have its reply.
The overt, aggressive forms scopped, but che experimencers continued to monicor my
actions to see what ocher changes might result. Since then, I have cold everyone I meet abour
the vLL.N.D. device, Leven tiled a complaint wich che FBI who incerviewed me for about an
hour. That yielded me no benefit, however, nor did che Freedom of Information Act request I
tiled.
It has been incredibly difficult for me to convince other people that scientists would
attempt to conquer the mind, despite the nuclear arms race, genecic engineering, nanosecond
computers, Star Wars satellites and other advanced rechnology. Since che Uniced Staces and
osher governmenes are known to have developed che deadliest coxins and germ warfare, 14
why would chey shy away from exploiting the mind?
Now, orher prisoners are describing experiences similar to mine. There are also many
articles supporting the reality of the V.L.N.D. device. On March 20), 1976, che Los Angeles
Times carried one encirled "Mind-Reading Machine Tells Secrets of the Brain." Reporter
Norman Kempster stated, "Since 1973, a licle-known Pentagon agency has been studying
ways to plug a computer into an individual's brain waves... The Advanced Research
Projects Agency says the S1-million-a-year program has passed ics initial laboracory tests and is
ready for determination of its military uses." Contracts with UCLA, Scanford and MIT, among
others, were listed.
Several independent sources describe Russian mind-control technology in publications
such as Defense News 5 which stared, .
Krown as acoustic psycho-correction, the capability to control minds and alter
behavior of civilians and soldiers may soon be shared with U.S. military, medical and
political officials, according to U.S. and Russian sources.
The Russian authors of a paper quored in the story wrote:
As far as it has become possible to probe and correct psychic contents of human
beings despite their will and consciousness by instrumental means... results having been
Although "U.S. sources said government officials and leaders from the business and
medical communities will consider Russian offers to place the mind-control capability under
1 See Drs. Garth and Nancy Nicolson. et. al. 'Epidemics By Design: 'Desert
Storm' Cloud Threatens America."
Perceptions. Nov/Dec 1995, p. 18.
15"U.S., Russia Hope To Safeguard Mind-Control Techniques." Jan. 11-17, 1993.
p. 4.
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2914, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
blareral conrols: "To aris nor bard to magne melligence agencres racme in find computer-
brain weapons before the other side gams che drancage.
In addition, Internatonal Headbline Corp. is planning to bring a cean of Russhan
specialists here witlm che nest cuple of months to demonstrate the copalilicy. company
president fin Hovis sand in a Dec. I intervicw.l7
After 30 years of classified research, che U.S. government is starting to openly use
clectromagneto wartare cechnology in police torces, prisons and the miliary, Aracles in che
last five years include "MC-Ultra [sic| Program, Use of mind-control equipment by armed
forces..." (Scolits, November 2. 1992). "Brainwash killers still in usc," (The Herald
(Glasgow), May 26, 1995) and ochers. IS Vany of these articles describe nonlethal,
electromagnetic, behavior-control weapons and refared copics such as the USA Today piece
discussing a Souch Carolina lawmaker's proposal to use the Global Posinoning Satellice system
to track parolees. 19
San Quentin, & Plausibic Site For Mind-Control Experiments
During che 1960s and 1970s. prison life in California was vastly different from coday. It
reflected che hippie movement. President Kennedy's vision of Camelor and the radical
Berkeley proresters disillusionment. Berkeley was a horbed of intellectual chought on Third
politics, and the prison system was undergoing a social reform. Rehabilitacion was in
vogue. Eric Cummins' The Rise and Fall of Culifornia's Radical Prison Movement Jescribed
it besc;20 my experiences fit his factual accounc. I was sentenced betore y
successfully challenged the indererminate-sencencing law. If not for her efforts. I might still be
in prison.
There were many reasons for the anger and violence displayed by San Quentin prisoners at
the rime, and "Cojn Jan. 12-16, 1967, i massive prison disturbance brought the simmering
sicuation in the institution to a boil."21 Black prisoners wanted berter jobs, training and
representation. I was in a cell next to George Jackson, a radical who was larer killed by che
guards. I also knew Cary! Chessman, whose worldwide appeals taught the prison
adminiscracion a lesson about how much trouble an educated prisoner could be, but who was
nevertheless execured in 1960. Caryl got me interested in law.
Sirhan Sirhan, convicred of assassinating Robert Kennedy, was also there and on the same
chief-of-the-prisons (Dr. Eduard Simpson-Kallas)'s psychological resting program that I was.
Dr. Simpson-Kallas and Dr. Schmidt, chief psychiarrise for the prison, disagreed with Associate
Warden James Parks about Sirhan's sanity. Dr. Simpson-Kallas felt that Sirhan had been
hypnorized and did not plan the assassination. Mr. Parks stopped Dr. Simpson-Kallas from
16Ibid.
17 /bid.
18 Additional references available on
request.
19"'Spy In" The Sky," April 2, 1996.
20 Stanford University Press.
Stanford. Calif.,
1994.
21 op. cit.. p. 87.
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 519, "chars": 3624, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=. = o
October 21.1996
7:56 P.M
examining Sirban, and. after a clean, sex-year record with che prison, Dr. Sumpson-Kallas
handed in his rosignation over ches disagreement. 22
Anocher U.S. Government Cover-up: Who Will Tell The Public:
When I was transferred to Vacaville Vedical Prison, che prison psychiatrist chore cried to grie
me electroshock cherapy. My mocher retused co sign the papers, however. I believe chac cher
wanced co discredit moso chat I could never cestify or stop their behavior-control experimenes.
Since I was released in 1977. I have been working to expose che .M.L.N.D. device.
i hope to prove in court that Vir. Parks knew about this experimentation but signed a
national securicy ouch to kcep silent. There has been a growing bureaucracy to enforce
nacional secrecy among the many government and privace research institutions, and security is
che overriding factor in cheso court cases-even when laws are proven to have been broken.
Vir. Parks worked a Vacaville Medical Prison when Dr. William C. Keating, Jr. and Dr.
Ralph Urbino, a retired Air Force man: formed che nonprotic, cax-exempt and shadowy Solano
Institute for Medical and Psychiacric Research (SIMPR). This may have been a front
organizacion for funding the experiments pertormed on me by the CIA. Books describing
illegal and inhumane experiments de Vacaville include Jessica iictord's Kind and C'sual
Punishment, 23 which describes "hideous cescs." and John Marks' Search For the Manchurian
Candidate. 24 While a prisoner in 1965, I played bridge with Dr. Keaung, high-ranking
officers from Travis AFB, and professors and cheir wives from the local universities. 25 I made
some enemies wich my policical views. Two years lacer, the mind concrol began.
I also hope co prove in court that the former director of che California Department of
Corrections, Raymond Procunier, an ex-Navy man and Ronald Reagan appointee, had
knowledge of the experiments with the V.L.N.D. device. 26 He also would have had a securicy
clearance. In 1973, California governor Reagan announced i proposal by Dr. Louis Jolyon
("Jolly") West, i well-known CIA consultant and chief of che UCLA Neuropsychiatric
Insticute, to establish a new "Center for the Scudy of Violent Behavior." His proposal was co
include a study of prisoners. I believe chat the public outcry against this proposal caused che
related behavior research to go underground.
Top MIK-ULTRA Scientist Denies Government Report on Vacaville Prison CIA "Sleeper Lab"
The Final Report Advisory Committee on Human Radiation Experiments staces that at
Vacaville prison:
22 William W. Turner and John G. Christian. The Assassination of Robert F.
Kennedy, The Conspiracy and Coverup, Publishers Group West. 1978. p. 200.
23 Vintage Books, New York- 1974.
24Time Books, New York. 1979.
25 For corroboration of this unexpected socializing, see the San Francisco
Chronicle story of February 26. 1970. which reported that a convicted
murderer went to. court claiming that his exclusion from the Vacaville Medical
Facility's bridge club
violated his rights. Deciding against him. the superior
court judge said.
"It is a rule that men guilty of such crimes are not permitted
in contact with the public. particularly with women.who may come to
the facility to play bridge with inmates." (Emphasis added.)
26 Procunier later became director of corrections for the State of Utah and is
now director of the Nevada Department of Corrections in Carson City. X
believes that his rapid advancement coming out of the relatively obscure
Vacaville prison was due to
Procunier's expertise in the field of mind control.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 193, "chars": 1252, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
October 21. 1996. 7:56 PM
CIA provided Dr. !lanes| Hamilton funts is set up and operate a so-called sleeper
laboratory, ubereby be could do bus bun research but would be avalable to do research
for ClA at che agency's request.... In contrase to the descrption in thel%6s document.
Hamilton stated further that CIA never in fact utiliced the laboratory before it was shut
down.
In light ot my experience and considering char Dr. Hamilton was a Mess Couse supervisor
for MK-ULTRA research for che CIA.- I believe he may have misrepresented faces in che
name of nacional securicy.
An International Human Rights Issuc
Today, victims are organizing: David Fratus has tought to publicize his case in Urah; Perry
Dardar of Louisiana describes the same type of experimene char I endured: Gregory Lambros,
anocher prisoner, even has hired a law firm to organize a mind-control dacabase for victims.
Therapist Betsy Russell-Manning has writen a book called Mind Control in G.S. Prison
Systen. 28
- - Looking back to 1967. Tsee chăr we have made great progress agaınst cremendous odds. In
prison, cime takes on a now moaning; I learned chat I must be pacient—but persistent. I hope
char victims will concact me so chat we can make consistent progress is a group.
