{"created_utc": "2026-09-14T00:00:04Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 324912, "source_ctime_ns": 1788303931650111339, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116089-email-re-scalar-energy-technology-in-russia-january-21-1999.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540500260000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116089-email-re-scalar-energy-technology-in-russia-january-21-1999.pdf", "source_sha256": "065d4ce027da3cb664b969af1b5cf7c7a28470a1f1f8f2a83eb254e51bbc26a4"}

rZe
To:   "Steven  M. Greer M.D.", Dr_ET

Date: 1/21/99, 12:53 PM
                          INTERNET:b                                  fi/e4z
                                                                         6.40,,te
Re:   Re: About "Scalar Energy Abuse"


                wrote:

> Thank you for the information. I hope we can all work together towards the
> day when such technologies will be used only for the advancement and
> benefit of civilization and not for the harmful potential which they have.
> A butter knife can butter your bread or slice one's throat: Here's to a
> world where only bread is buttered...Steven


thank you very much for your message and opportunity to express some old
information and feelings I had in Russia.

There is really good opportunity now to choose a path for good and peaceful
constructive and positive cooperation between this country, Russia, China,
India and others in use of similar technologies and more advanced and to
defeat dark destructive forces whatever name they have now and wherever they
are, in politics, science or spiritual realm.

A little about myself: I am Boris Yaroslavtsev, an architect and a little
psychic remote viewer end healer from Novosibirsk, Siberia, Russia. I moved to
the USA in 1996 and live now with my family in Kent, WA, work as design
engineer at a store fixture company. My phone number: (206) 870-8558.

I know a little about Art Bell show through my associate Ken Johnston who took
part in it some time ago with Richard Hoagland. And I also met Peter
Davenport, one of the Seattle ufologists.

I wasn't an insider at Kaznacheev's research institute, but I knew some his
"viewers" through our Buddhist center of Kagyu Lineage which I helped to
organize in 1992. Those guys were happy, friendly, full of energy after they
left Kaznacheev.

I would like to put an important remark about general situation with research
facilities busy with mentioned technologies applied in destructive oppressive
                                         1
*


    purposes. There is an opinion among some scientists that a certain natural law
    exists in this area: if one or another laboratory starts to develop only
    negative application of what it has a life period of such facility is usually
    short. Employees start become ill, resign, be in various accidents and even
    die - without any physical reason and basis. The loose their interest in job
    and a laboratory usually finishes its functioning. If to believe in
    scientists' folklore.

    What Kaznacheev did was only more broad and publicly surfaced research in an
    area well known all the time before and secrete: all kind of spiritual
    phenomenon not only survived a domination of the Orthodox church, but was an
    integral part of military training of Russian war lords and peasant reservists
    and simply rural life before 1917. Aristocrats being usually army leaders
    learned from childhood how to use spiritual power to fight an enemy, survive
    where it barely possible and even kill remotely. The last was extremely
    restricted by rules and applied only in wartime and only there were no other
    opportunity to win. And it might not work properly on an enemy, there were no
    guaranty. Later under soviets it was put on technological ground and if to
    trust to one of the latest Russian books there existed underground classified
    research facility by Vladimir during the W.W.II.

    Bo, Kaznacheev started his set of experiments on an already developed basis   Th

    sometime in the end of 80-th. He was smiling often on TV propagating his "new"
    theory of human consciousness origin. He traveled all around the world
    gathering all available information from Asian religious and yoga lineages.
    I met him once at a religious conference in Novosibirsk. Later the KGB (under
    its old name) pulled his institute under its financing and very soon
    Kaznacheev changed, looked older and unhappy. He lost all his associates very
    quickly and even spoke about it complaining on local TV. People left him, idea
    died. I left Russia that time and don't know his up-to-day situation. Result
    was fast and inevitable.

    There are other scientists and researchers who really moved this area further
    and posses fantastic technology and results, not in military or any
    destructive purpose.

    As to my knowledge all available potential of psychics in Russia and also,
    probably, psychotronic technology is used for political purposes inside the
    country. A so-called "astral intelligence and counterintelligence" work day
    and night using human operators and, probably, very sophisticated devices as a
    support. But I think there are different rules of this "game" on international
    area which have been followed by Russian secrete services.

    Where is your information about unfortunate American ambassadors to Russia
    come from?

    Sometime ago, soviet mass media gave a material as a nonsense that a Reagan's
    private astrologer was under influence of permanent soviet psychic attack in
    order to provoke wrong predictions. So it looks like one of the sides of this
    realm.


    I would like to answer your questions if you have such.


    With my best regards,
