{"created_utc": "2026-08-15T14:20:41Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7465547, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116159-flying-saucer-reports.pdf", "source_sha256": "fd3e078797b33043d8b4e5b1404d899fab172cbde20ca73df09287f55c13015b"}

1
     L W . or.>UG L A S
     •   'OUTHERN ARIZONA BANK ANO TRUST BUILDING

             TU C$ 0N 1 ARIZONA

     CAt!U." AODAESS 0U0l.EW IS1 TUCSON


                                                       February 15, 1955


                       Your letter of the fifteenth of November, to-
                      gether with a copy of your letter to Bowen, ap-
                      parently was received in New York when I was
                      in the hospital and has been rattling around
                      since unanswered . Please excuse this unseemly
                      and unpardonable delay.

                      The book, " Flying Saucers from Outer Space," '
                      I have only now located and I shall read it with
                      great interest, only because you recommend
                      it. Were it not for you, I suspect that the title
                      and the c o ve r would persuade me to look in the
                      opposite direction.

                          Your letter to Bowen does not suggest that you
                          hav e gone nuts - yet!

                      Sinc e y ou wrote the letter many things have been
                      happening in the Far East. I should so like to
                      talk with you about them . It seems to me that our
                      Administration would be on much firmer ground
     7                on the Formosa and Pescador es question if they
                      would rest their cas e on the simple legal question
Bff                   of title . T here is no doubt that the title to For-
                      mosa and the Pescadores is very cloudy. It
                      seems to me that there is littl e doubt that title
                      permanentl y can pass only as the result of the
                      terms of a peace treaty or of an instrument
                      equivalent to a peace t r eaty.


                                                         '

                     Rt. Hon. Richard G . Casey, CH, DSO, MC
                     Minis ter for External Affairs
                      Melbourne C . 2, Australia
• 'L. W. DOUGLAS
 •     SC."IJTM£R N ARIZONA SANK ANO TRUST SUILOING

              TUCSON, ARIZONA

     C •,eL.C ADOR£SS; OUGL£WI S 1 T UCSON       November 20 , 1954

                                             .


                     Dear Mr . Casey :

                               In the absence of Mr . Douglas I
                     am writing to acknowledge your letter to him
                     of November 15th.

                               Mr . Douglas is at present in the
                     hospital in New York where he ts recupera-
                     ting fro~ the operation he underwent recentlY .
                     I will forwe.rd your letter there and it will
                     be brought to his attention as soon as he has
                     sufficiently recovered to be able to t&ke cere
                     of his correspondence .


                    Rt. !Ion. Richard G. Casey, CH, JJSO, .t-'C,
                    l•tl.nis ter for External Affairs,
                     V.elbourne, C. 2 . , Austral.ia.


                                                                       )~IV>· ~t'"Y fA'
                                                                        .;"'-.. )!!j1i
                                                                             -?4o ; ,
                                         C OMMONWEALTH


                       COMMONWEALTH SCIENTIFIC AND INDUSTRIAL

                                            D IV ISION OF    RADIOPH YSI

lllfGJAIIIII   CO U t i .U (M   t\'ONU

TELU HO N£ o IIW UU

Rt: FI:J TO


     The Rt . Hon . R. G. casey, OM, CH, nso, MC,
     Minister in Charge of c . s . I . R. O.,
     commonweal th Offices ,
     Tr easury Place ,
     MELBOURNE , C. 2 , Victoria.

      MY near Minister,
                   I am writing in reply to your two letters of January
      4th and 24th on flying saucers . I read them and the enclosures
      with great interest, but I must admit that I was rather at a
      loss for comment on the despatches from France and Italy. It
      was , however, very amusing to see that the main reaction in
      France was a ribald one . I did not entirely understand the
      theory of el ectro-magnetic pr opulsion expounded by Lt. Pl ant i er
      in Pari s - Pr esse l' Intransigeant but , like the views of Mr. W. B.
      Smith in Keyhoe ' s "Flying saucers f r an outer space" , t hey savour
      very much of doing work without the expenditure of power. This
      is an age- old fallacy or, to put it in rather different terms ,
      propulsion by these means viola tes all the physical laws as we
      know them.
                  The latest letter with comments from Brundrett
       I found much easier going and most heartily agree with the
       pointe he makes. There are j u st too many physical inconsistencies
       in the reports to put much faith in them. The difficulty is
       that they point in so many d1rect1ons at once, not in a single
       direction . Also I agree with Brundrett that given enough time
       and finance it mi ght be possible to build a body with some of
       the characteri stics of a flying saucer. It might even be
       persuaded to make excursions outside the atmosphere , but the
       energy expenditure would be simply enormous and no- one woul d
       be l eft in any doubt that it was around.
                                                            Yours sincerely ,
                                                                     .-    (?
                                                                      ~
                                                                  (E. G. BOVIen)
                                                              CHIEF OF THE DIVISION
       p. s .            I am returning the enclosures to your le t ters of
                         January 4th and 24th.
                                                                    RESTRICT m

                         ROYAL Al'S'!'RALIAN AIR FORCE

In re,..J please
quote :                                         Headquarters nome co~ru:md ,
No. ~{)7 /6/Tele ( oA)                          R. A. A. F.,
                                                Penri th     1. I
                                                NeYI South tales

                                                   l~th   nece ber 1953


          commonrealth Scientific and
          Industrial rtesearch Oruanization ,
          University arounds ,
          City Road ,
          Chippcn ale.

                              TFJLEC01Tt:U1'IICATIONS AND RA~AR
                                 lillOMALOl'S PROPAGATION

          1.        Advice has been received from the R. A. A. F. Units
          at ~illlamtown of a phunomcnon Hhich is being obse1•ved on
          the frequency of 2800 megacycles , thi£ frequency being
          used by the Ground cont1·olled Approach equipment .
          2.        The pheno enon t kes the form of strong echoes
          sinil ~ to radar returns frOM heavy cloud for tiona but
          no cloud formation hfls been vieil: le ut the time the echoes
          have been observed. The tarcot oves in any direct on
          irr = active of uind snd ln nany csses has been observed to
          move in a direction aga~nst the lind. Ch nges in shape
          similar to cloud formations take place and are clearly observed
          to a radius of 10 miles .
          3.        The actual heights to which the echoes rise
          is unlmovm l)ut is believed to be belO"i/ 5000 feet, as a
          tilt of 5 de;rees of the search antenna causes severe
          attenuation of the signals in icating tho target to be at
          low levels . E<;hoes seen on the Precioion Indicators show
          the targot to be from ground level to approximately 2000
          feet .
          4.          It ~1ould appear the turget has 1nter.nal movement
          u::; it shows up brilliantly v1hen the !'oving Target In icator
          Sy tern is in operation , although its relative movement to
          or from tho !C)ro md installation is very sloVI , on occasions
          being less than 2 miles per hour .
           5.       several times aircraft have been vectored on to
          tho area in which the phenomenon has been observed but
          pilots have reported nothing unusual. A number of landings
          have been made through the phenomenon but no abnorJal ef~ects
          were observed by all concerned.
           6.        The possibility of dust being the couee is rejected
           as visibility has been uxcellent except in one instance when
           a pilot reported haze whilst looking for tho tar et .
          7.          The mutter \7as discussed with the e 1bers of the
          Meteorological Branch at 'lill.i.amtown who can advunce no possible
          cmtse for the phenonenon .
          a.         Tho rn£t tter is referred for your information and it
          wottld be appreciated if any solution cun be of1'er·ed by your
          Deportment .

                                             ( J' . I . BLACK)
                                             Group capt ·d.n
                                             for Offir.er Te 1 orarily commanding
                        RGC/CVH


                                  Cotll!lon\'tenlth Offices ,
                                  Treasury Place ,
                                  ~LP01JRI{§ 1       C.?.

                                  24th January , 1955.


  Dear Dr. Bcmon,
                I enclose n latter rrom our External Affairs
  Minister 1n London - L. R. Uclntyre - about tttly1ng
  Slluocrs 11 •  I think ~·ou may find this on intere:lting
  lottcr - and it l~aches tho saoo conclusion as yourself.
  I \'iOUld be gr.:t teful to have 1 t back when you have had
\ a loolt ot it,
             I am going today up to Sydney for two or


I
  thrco days - and I may eivo you a call on the
  telephone - altho~gh my time up thoro is fairly well
  :r.ortan_ged in advance.
               1ith bast wishes         -   I am,
                              Yours sincerely,
                                                 y

                                  ( R. G. CASL'Y).


 Dr. r: .o. Dcr.ton,t
 Chief or the D1vis1onGot Radiophysics,
 c.s.I.R.o.,
 university G~~~ds,
 SYDNLJY .   n.s ,E .
            •                                                              CO 'F1 ENTI L
•


TEMPLE BAR _....,..       2435                                                    AUSTRALIAN EXTERNAL AFFAIRS OFFICE.
                                                                                           AUSTRAUA HOUSE,
                                                                                            LONOON. W.C.Z.
    lrt r~p/y quole No.

                     Personal & Confidential                                      12th Janunry, 1955.


                          lu., ~ /:~1
                                  A:.y enquiries in respect of your letter of 9th November
                      last, asking whether any responsible people over here were taking
                      flying saucers seriously, have ultimately led me to ~ir .rrederick
                      Brundrett , Scientific Adviser to the Minister of Defence and (I am
                      told) a Anowledgeable and authoritative figure in the eyes of the
                      United Kingdom Chiefs of Staff.       I had previousl y made some sotmdings
                      at the senior service level, and have been given to understand that ,
                      so far as was known, flying saucers were not taken seriously here and
                      no special research VI8.S being carried out to try to find a siq>le
                      explanation for these phenomena (as the Americans are reported to
                      be doing) .      At the same time I was told that i f by any chance
                      anything was being done here , Brundrett would be bound to know about it.

                                 Brundrett is from all accounts a person you yourself might
                      be interested in meeting.    In addition to being hibhJ.y regarded as a
                      scientist , with long experience as an adviser to all the ciervioes at
                      various times , he is I believe a successful farmer , who breeds Red
                      Poll s and makes his farm pay by scientific methods.    lie is certainly
                      agreeable and pleasant to meet,

                                 He told me that he had as a oatter of fact made something of
                      a stu:ly of the problem himself in an effort to lay a ghost , as it 'l"'ere.
                      He says that as stories of sightings of flying saucers accumulated he
                      himself refused to be completely sceptical and decided to make first
                      of all a careful study of all available visual "evidence".     This study,
                      covering a large number of reported sightings extending over the past
                      30 years or so , revealed two things that struck him as curious :

                             (a)   on no single occasion has a reported sighting b"en
                                   verified by an independent eye witness in another
                                   position.    In other words , a report from an aircraft
                                   crew has never been verified by another aircraft or
                                   from an observer on the ground; and observations fraa
                                   the ground , even men claimed by several persoos in
                                   one position , have never been supported by observers
                                   situated elsewhere .

                            (b)    every case so far reported has lent itself to at least
                                   one poss ibl e rational explanation - meteorological in
                                   a good many cases .

                                 Brundrett is particularly impressed by (a) ; he feels that,
                      with so many reports now avaiJa.ble , it is almost inconceivable that
                      there should hav e been no independent testimony in at least one of
                      them.   He finds it difficult to accept the possibility that the kind
                      of thing periodicall y reported by pilots could not at least saueti es
                      be seen at various places on the ground.      On the whole , therefore,
                      he has reached the conclusion that there is nothing in the f l ying
                      saucer theory.     But he has not entirely discarded the possibili ty
                      that such things may ex ist .   He believes that the kind of thing
                      pilots tl1ink they h.ave seen is a feasible mechanical proposition
                      which could be manufactured on the basis of monern scientific
                      knowledge - i f it were considered worth making.     It would be
                      difficult , and also expensive; but i t co1.Ud be made , and it could
                      travel very fast .    I asked hir. whether it would in fac ~ be worth
                      making, and whether it would have any mechanical or strategic

                                                                              /advantages
                                                           c
                               2.


advantages over any flying cachine produced up to the present .
Brundrett said it could have distinct advantages .   One might
imagine an advanced development of the Rolls-Royce "flying bedstead"
which caused a lot of interest at last year' s Farnborough Air
Display.   In other woriis, it might provide a solution to the
problem of vertical take-off for super-sonic aircraft .   Since in
fact such a nachine could be manufactured , one must not completely
dismiss the possibility that it was already in existence; but he
himself thought this highly unlikely.

           Another conceivable explanation of the phenomenon was
the possible presence of small satellites rocketing round the earth
at , of course , a very high level .    He by no means ruled out the
possibility that, with the developnent of nuclear energy, ::~uch
" satellites" could be created artificially.      The idea had been
tho~t about in America.       Vlho c auld say that things of this sort ,
created naturally, and moving so fast as to be normally invisible
from the ground, might not already be in existence?       It was a
faintly possible explanation of the saucer theory, though he did
not really accept it.

          In short , he did not believe that f'l;ing saucers ex is ted ,
and considered that all reports so far received , even though
emanating from many sane and responsible people , had been based
on one or[other form of hallucination .   Nor :lees he consider that
the available evidence is enough to ,justify the setting aside of
money and resources for serious study.    But he has by no means
closed his mind completely.

           I am still continuing my search for the photograph of
WavellfStump that you enquired about longer ago than I care to
think.   1 y early enquiries got nowhere , and I am afraid :. have
not followed them up as pertinaciously a.a I might have , 1ut I am
still trying, and we may get somewhere.


                                         ~
                                         ( ...... rt. Jrcintyre)


Rt. Hon. R.G. Casey, CH, DSO , ~C , ~~
    ~inisterfor External Affairs,
        Canberra, A. C. T.
           F'LYING SAUCERS
    ...

                                       RGC/CVH


PERSONAL
                                                       Co~nuoalth Off1cc3 ,
                                                       Treasury Place,
                                                       l:\E!LBOURiiE ,   c.. 2 .,
                                                       4th January, 1955'.


-                             I enclose a nucbor or letters £rom
                    our posts about ''FlyL"'ll; Saucors" . If you
                    have any comcent on them, I ' d be intorestod to
                    he3r .
                               I   an,
                                                 Yours sincerely ,


                                                  ( R. G. CASEi) .


                    Dr. E. G. Bowen,
                    Division of Radiophysice ,
                    c.s. I.R. o.,
                    University Grounds ,
                    sxnum:. tt.s .r:.

           P. S .   Would you please let me have the attached papers
                    back with your reply .
                                                   AUSTRALIAN EMBASSY,
                                                         PARIS.

                                              · ..-J 21st December 1954.


               Your letter of 9th November reached me when I
     was in London.   Soon after, Paul McGuire talked to me
     about flying saucers, and asked me whether there had been
     any particular interest in them in France. I told him
     there had been a certain number of reports, but I thought
     they had been treated rather derisively.
               There, in London, I found a certain amount of
     interest in some quarters, and t here have been one or two
     books produced.    A rather reliable friend of mine told me
     that a friend of his in the Air Force, when he was flying
     a jet, saw one flying alongside him.     It went ahead, then
     came back straight at him, but before colliding swerved
     and went over him.    Unfortunately, he did not press the
     trigger which would have put his camera gun into operation,
     but the radar had recorded the saucer and, I understand, it
     has recorded many others - but then the radar will also
     record heavy cloud formations.
               One interesting thing I was told was that flying
     saucers have been reported in Europe since the Middle Ages
     and that there are various references to them in the
     chronicles of that time. I cannot give you references but
     no doubt the National Library would oroduce them .  Recent
     ones seem to be of two types - cigars or saucers, and there
     is a theory that the cigar launches the saucers.
               As far as France is concerned, unidentified flying
     objects (u.f.o.) have been seen or detected 1n the past by
     many people in widely separated parts of France, but the
     period mid-September to late October of this year was an
     open season (about 500 reports),   Discs of all shapes and
     sizes, strange objects landing in lonely fields, little men
     in space suits, with "ray guns" and many other familiar
     complements to science fiction were claimed as having been
     seen.
                At first, the reports in the Press were presented
     relatively seriously, but, as the fashion developed and tbe
     claims became mor e fantastic, the Press took up the game
     and they became a national joke.    For this reason it is
     impossible to disentangle fact from speculation and true
     reports from sensational fantasies.
               Apart from a 11 Flying 4 Chevaux" (t.enault), and an
     illuminated "Flying Pumpkin", chased by some villagers in the
     Pyrenees, the objects described appeared to fall into two
     main groups: saucers and cigars. It is possible that they
     may refer to the one and same object depending on the angle


The Rt . Hon . R.G. Casey, C. H. 7 D.S.O., M.c., M.P.,
     Minister of State for External affairs,
          Canberra. A.C.T.
                                  2.


        of vision.   They are supposed to resemble two saucers
        placed rum to rim with port-holes on top; the reported
        diameter varied from 10 ft . to 50 ft . or more; they could
        remain stationary in mid- air and then move noiselessly
        at very high speed either horizontally or vertically;
        they are alleged to be capable of suddenly changing course
        whilst in flight, and it is possible that this operation
        would account for the variously coloured lighting effects
        described.
                  It would seem probable that by far the greater
        number of genuine u. f . o . seen could be accounted for by
        meteorological balloons, experimental guided missiles,
        research aircraft, etc .      However, in company with the
        United States, Canada, and perhaps other countries , France
        has considered the problem sufficiently disturbing to
        create a special commission of enquiry to investigate the
        more serious reports .      The findings , if any, have not
        to our knowledge been revealed, but I will endeavour to
        obtain the report of the special committee of enquiry and
        let you have it .
                       A certain number (perhaps less than 5 per cent)
        of u . f . o . reports describe machines which could absolutely
        not be accounted for by conventional mechanics , and the
        power of which would have to exceed by far even the biggest
        jet or rocket motors to account for alleged performances .
        A French book was published on the subject a few weeks
        before the last outbreak : 11 Lueur sur les Soucoupes Volantes 11 ,
        by Aim~ Hichel.        It provides various accounts of u.f.o.
        reports since the end of the war and, in particular , in
        France up to the summer of 1954, and goes into consider-
        able detail in providing various possible explanations . A
        theory that the u.f.o. are propelled electro- magnetically
        has been put forward by a certain Lieutenant Plantier of
        the French Air Force .       This seems to be particularly
        favoured by the author, who does not rule out the possibility
        that they may be of extra- terrestrial origin .
                   Scientific opinion in this country is generally
        sceptical , but there are nevertheless several intelligent
        and informed persons who have been sufficiently concerned
        about the u . f . o . reports to state that they are retaining an
        open mind on the subject .       Even so, to my knmvledge , u .f. o .
        have not become a subject for serious dinner conversations
        here .
                  I am sending a copy of this letter to Paul McGuire
        as he is interested in the subject .


Enclosures:
       1.     One page of cartoons;
        2.    Two pages of speculation;
        3.    Extracts from specially published paper , giving
                impressions of r·:artians on first seeing the
                Earth and its fauna;
        4.    One advertisement .
                                                                                                                          THIS IS A LARGE FORMAT DOCUMENT WHICH WILL NOT BE LEGIBLE IF SCANNED.
                                                                                                               IF YOU WISH TO OBTAIN A COPY OF THE DOCUMENT PLEASE SEND YOUR REQUEST TO REF@NAA.GOV.AU


                     dix ans des satellites artificiels                                                                                                                                                                                                          Le prefet de police de Vienne
                       encercleront la terre                                                                                                                                                                                                                 « surveille les soucoupes volantes »
           rtresldent dt Ia Soci~t~ britannlquor interplanetaire, le Dr                                                                                                                                                                                  VIENNJ:, 18 octobre !Reuter). - M. Holaubek, prMet de police
       Shepherd, a declare au congres du 21' anniversaire de Ia societe,                                                                                                                                                                            de Vlenne, a ordonne aux agents se trouvant sous ~~ ordres d'eta•
       dans Je courant de la prochaine decade • des satellites artl:ti-                                                                                                                                                                             blir un rapport sur toutes les aUalres de soucoupe, volantes et su.r
                     commencer l dkrire leur orbile autour <to globe                                                                                                                                                                                toutes lea dl!claratloru d,. personnes afflrmant avoir vu c des vf&l·
  WTe!rtre •.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       teun d'un autre monde ••
          creation de cea sa~ellitcs. a-t-Il alllrme. cno~ltuera la pre-
  mitre etape dan.. !'organisation des voyages inlerplani!talres. Avant                                                                                                                                                                                 Le pr~ct lnalste, dans une clrculalrc, sur le fall qu'un tell n1>n
  de se lancer dans le vide lnterastral, il est, en eftel, neceESllfre de                                                                                                                                                                           Mltra!ne peut aiaement conlondre un balion-sonde avec une sott-
  recuefllir ainsi un erand oombre d'observatlons.                                                                                                                                                                               E                  coope volante.


             •
                                         Voici ce que vous devez savoir s1 /'on vous en parle ou si vous en << voyez JJ une ...

  SEULS DES SUPER-EINSTEIN P.OURRAIENT
  CONSTRUIRE DES SOUCOUPES VOLANTES
            'HOMI\JE qui le premier imagina des soucoupes volantcs {ut sans                                                                                                                                                                                                                  molkules le1 plus procbes, sera


    L        doute Jonathan Swift, !'auteur des« Voyages de Gulliver ».Swift
             (1667-1745) decrit dans un de ses ouvrages l'iJe volante de Laputa
                                                                                                                                         Depuis 1929, le principe de                                                                                                                         toujours tres infUieure a la vl-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             tesse ·du son
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               3, P01tt la mme raison, l'ea·
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             gin pourrait se deplacer ll tr•·
    qui flotte dans le ciel par repulsion magm!tique, en " s'appuyant , sur le .
    champ du gigantesque aimant que constitue Ia terre.                                                                                  l'antipesanteur a ete defini                                                                                                                        vers !'atmosphere a des vitel'SU
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             enormes sans s'etbauffer beau-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             coup : Ja chaleur du trotlement,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             au lieu d'tHre concentree sur Ia
      Swift etait d'ailJeurs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 coque de l'engin, ~e repartirait
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             dans le vaste volume d'alr e.D•
    doue d'une imagination                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   lraln~ par le champ de torte.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               4. Les accelerations les plua
    bien curieuse : plus de                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  terriliantes de l'engin scraient,
    cent ans avant que les                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   a allirme Plantler, non scule-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             mcnt supportables, mais insen-
    astronomes les decou-                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    slbles aux passagers de l'engln.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             En eflel, ccs passagers seraicnt
    vrent, il a donne deux                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   eux-memes prb dan~ le ebamp
    satellites a Ia planete                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  de force. Pn c(,lnserpJ'!nt, cha-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             que atome de leur corp$ etant
    Mars en precisant assez                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  egalement cntralne, les passa•
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             &era ne a'aper~eVl'Bient rlgou·
    exactement leur temps                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    reusement de den
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Or toutes ces caracteristlqus
    de revolution.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ne aont-elles pas celles que !'on
                                                                                                                                                        '            ,                                                                                                                       pr~te aux soucoupe11 \•olante.s f


                                                                                                                                              ~
      Et II decrit egalement, sur
    aon ile volante de Laputa,                                                                                                                                                                        •                                                                                      /JisiDiigrlllifiD e11 Ytll
   des m achines a calculer elec-
   troniques utilisant les nom-                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Imagioona l'en&in de Plantier
   bres binaires a Ia facon des                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              en vol. Comment se comporte-
   « eerveaux • artiCic:iels Jes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ra-l-11 ! Pour rester immobile
                                            Selon Ia tlteorie dtl lieutuant Plantier, lea ciruea volanh          Ce ctoqui~ repreae11te le diacra,..me cl" forces en cu 4e                               C:a 6•aphique montro le Yira&e ci' UJie Mucou,. tel que ••                          dana le ciel, 11 devra dlrlger le
   plus modernes et composant                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                champ de forte a la .-ertlcale. e:"l
  des • poemes • faits de bouts             seraient IU'Ie combiouison de deux ou pluaieuN soucouJHI&            vol en croupe. Les aoucoupu combineraient le flux cl'elec-                              le represente lo lioutcnnt Plutier. De I l II, le ,note
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             lui donnant une iotensite exac-
   de phrases, comme Ia ma- t               reunia par une coque contenant Ia ubine protire• pn cles             Irons sur lequel elles s' • appuient • et qui entlainorait avec                         buculo brutaloment lOft encln pour contrar l'acci14ratlon                           tement ~ au champ de !'at•
  chine electronique Calliope f. '                  ecrans C'Onlte d'eventllelles radiations nocives.                     lui lea moleculea d'ajr en climinll3ftt le frottement .                        centrifuce. Ce bascuJement a eti plnleun fois obMt'fi,                              traction ter:Testrc. mais de sena
  du Fran~ais Ducrocq.            ~ '                                                                           .                                                                                                                                                                            contralre, c'est-a-dire d!rigee
      Or, l'ile magnetique de
  .Jonathan Swift n'est nulle-
                                          t ::.::_.,
                                         7-?rt~i~;;ff~~~:ffifJK 0/«~j~~~~;~~J!W§I"~M~?:t~J:·:'w!il"'f-~,,Jiliif::~
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             vera le haut. Vu d'en bas, rnn·
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             gin aura exactement !'aspect ce
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             1a aoucoupe cU.ssique, ctrt'lllaire
  ment une conception ab- el rendralt p<lSSible de !llbrlquer loppee et conduite jusqu'l cea de l'inergje fournie a l'appar"il c chambr~ • un groupe de ma- pos.-;ederait ces connarssancet et partitulea presentent dea eon-                                                                pour l e! apeclateurs situo?s eXJlc-
  surde. C'est ainsi que le ausal &Implement que des pastes conclusions priltlques.                                                                                                                                                                                                          tement dessoua, eillptique pour
                                                                                                            CISl finalement traduite en do!-                          t!lemntici.,ns de genie en lul de-     ce• engine poi.IIT&it aisemoot .e densetlona d'ener&ie atteJcnant...            let autres.
  bismuth, un metal repandu, de radio des engl.os capables des            En 1929 - et c'est Ia deuxl•- placement, le reste lK' PE!'cbmt mandant de chercht·r la soluUoB reodre mattre du monde, et on environ lOO.OOC !olt l'energle que
  est doue d'une propriete I.anlastlques performaoces attrl- me etapc de ~es recherches -                                                                                                                                                                                                       Or, Plantier rappelle qu'on
                                                                                                            en cbaleur, trottement. lutte oon- dPS equation& d'Einsteln.                                     •• demande pourquoi il ne l'au-             pourraJt donner Ia • subl!ma-       peut ob5erver, a la sorUe des ae-
  curieuse, appelee proprie- bueell aux soucoupes.                     Einsteln se manite:<tait de nou- tre Ia pesantwr. etc...                                          Qui nous dlt qu'lls n'auralent     ralt pe.s deja fait..                        tion • compl~te et lrrbll!IBble     celerateurs de particules utilises
  te c diamagnetique • : une                                           veau   en  publlant sa  theorle dite    Le   rnoteur            a    exp1osion           d'uoe pu rcunl ! C'eat un problene             Le   developpement         des    ~!Qua- d'un   noyau d'uranlum. .. Elle.,    dans les laboratolres nuelo!airea,
                                                                                                                                                                                                            tlom gc!on~ales d'Einste.ln peut, suppoaent une energle de bbse
  ptece de bismuth a tendance L11 deuzieme rivolllliflll .ail          du champ un!talre : II etablls-      automobile possede deJ.\ m1 ren- qui i n quIet e auU!samment
                                                                             !'unite des trois • champs • : d~t nettement ~iem-, cert.~lns gouvcmeml'nb JX>ur it est vraJ. reserv~ de& surpri- fabuleuse : n taudralt, t'n etret,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             une forte lumipescence due il
  a se placer perpendiculal-                                           champ magru!Uque. champ elec-                                                                                                        ses. Ricn n'empeche de penser des cyclotron~ geanl$ pour ob-                     l'actlon du tluidc COTPUSC'Uio--on-
  rement a l'aiguillc a?mantee              d'Eillslein                trlque el champ de Ia p~san­
                                                                                                            nvofs.lnant les 25 %.                                     qu'on rut etabll un rccensl'ment
                                                                                                               En revanche les maehtn.e. ba- pr~cis dr.~ gTnnt.l~ mallu!mati-                               qu"il Mrrtontrern l'impo~!billte            tenlr des partlcule.o anlmces de     dtJialoire • vomJ • par l"accele-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             rateur . comme l'a~gmentation
  d'une boussolc. Le bismuth         Cettu theorle rnatMroellque a     t cur. Mals alors que le mnth6- ~es sUr 1a con,·er&ion des                                                                           de convcrtlr uo C'hamp electri- ttlles energ~s. Or, rlt'D n•a H6
                                                                                                                                                                      cifns de notrt> t\poque. Aucun                                                                                         brutale du champ de force de
  se comporte en somme com- hte formulee en 1929, et son au· maticicn tran~als Elle Carlan chaJllills oHectrlque et m.agneti- d'entrc t!UX n'a diJsperl.\ de- que en champ de pesanteur. La dh<ele dana l'upae~ qui pulne                                                                    l'eng!n ne peut ~Ire obtenue que
  me une sorte de boussole teur s'appelle Albert Einstein. avolt auparavant elabor6 un que rept'6seote l'ldl!al auqueJ l& pUll                                                                              tho!orle sdentifilf;le a bien dejl          esPiiqurr ces m)'at6ri11U•ell cun-
                                                                                                                                                                           1929.                            demontr~ par ~OOll>l.e qu'il ~talt                                               p~ r une tellc acceleration, on
__e_s_t_-_ou__es_t_. __________ ,!:.a remiere eta des trava;ux outil mathemallque qui avalt tecludque peut tendre : leur ro:'ll· --~--->
                                                                       oermi.a-de-devJ!~ or                 n-.....;........................._,i!A...ualt..::l..- -                    ______                                                           .tenaatlona de puissance. "
                                                                                                                                                                                                          JI:Wl$!ll!l:!!ii....!l.@....k!iHmi·ttz:a de _ -...g..&xln          o en de
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             dolt done prt-volr que l'engin,~
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ·~        ....     ,
                                                THIS PAGE IS THE REVERSE OF THE PREVIOUS PAGE                                                           THIS IS A LARGE FORt.4AT DOCUt.4ENT WHICH WILL NOT BE LEGIBLE IF SCANNED.
                                                     AND MAY NOT BE RELEVANT TO THE FILE                                                     IF YOU WISH TO OBTAIN A COPY OF THE DOCUMENT PLEASE SEND YOUR REQUEST TO REF@NAA.GOV.AU


                                                                                                                        I'


' Perls-presse-l'fntranslgeant                                                                                         INFOiniATIONS SPORTIVES                                                                     20-10-1954 -


                                                                                                                                                                               pour efla<of!r les effet& d'une poU-
                                                                                                                                                                               IIquf! de panlque • que Ia IDJlbon                JOURNAL
                                                                                                                                                                               de cycles diri1ee par Raymond
                                                                                                                                                                               LouYtut - dont on avalt annonef'
                                                                                                                                                                               un peu vile qu'l'Jie s'abluendr~tt de           DES SOCIETES
                                                                                                                                                                               rrcourlr - a r~ndu • pre.ent • · A                  L'.\SS•:~mr.n;      E::\.'TR.\OllDI-
                                                                                                                                                                               Tant et sl bien qua le cycll•me a             NAIII ~: du 4 novembre, le eonl(>il
                                                                                                                                                                               bi·nHicM A tout Je molns d'un sur-             de lA l.lbralrl(• linch\:lle propo•
                                                                                                                                                                               sis. II repartlra done avec force,            sera d'nucmrnte.- Jo capltul do
                                                                                                                                                                               l'an procbain, sur let routes.                 I, I~'S millions • 2.1100 millions l>ar
                                                                                                                                                                                  On se demande, du rest~. a1 le              lnL·orporatlon de rt.ae.rns au
                                                                                                                                                                               C)'CIIIlllle tut jamala au!ISI populaire       moy••n, d'uroe part, de l'Cll!vatlon
                                                                                                                                                                               qu'A present I Quln7... mille "P"cta-          de 2~ A 5.000 fr, d<' Ia V&l<!UT
                                                                                                                                                                               teura, duuant d'enlhouslasma sur              ntornlnale des actions ~. d'autn
                                                                                                                                                                               les aradins, dans Jea lOll'S OU SliT          part, de l'attdbuUon - t Utro de
                                                                                                                                                                               Ia pelouu, avalent talt 11 d'un so-           convor.lon - de 7 actions nou ..
                                                                                                                                                                               leU pourtant bien pardm<mleux                  niles d~> 5.000 tr. pour 2 partl.
                                                                                                                                                                              crlte annt'e, pour aulster au match
                                                                                                                                                                               Routiers-Plstard•. ce drmter di- l'Ot:R U!S t l\IOIS SE TT.R~It:o;",\NT
                                                                                                                                                                               mnncht>..                                     fin •cPtrmbre : les USine. de B a-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Ucnnllu-<'hitiUnn ont eu u" e
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             activit~ 110utcmue : le chWre d'af·
                                                                                                                                                                                 Une seconde • riviere                       !alrPll tnl&l d" Ia socl• te d(opas~e
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             de 3Cl <;;, r~lul de Ia p(:rlodo cor-
                                                                                                                                                                                    des tribunes              »              respondante do 1953.
                                                                                                                                                                                   reste a franchir                        L Y. COS8.t:tl, OF. LA Cle GF.Nl':·
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             IL\J,f: Ill~ RADJOL OGlY. a d<!c:lde
                                                                                                                                                                                  Ceet ebmt po•~. II rffie une               de porter '" eap!V!l : 1• de
                                                                                                                                                                               • secorule tWl.ere dea trlbunet • 6.          :l~.JJS8.400 rr. A 3U.44ll-OOO fr. par
                                                                                                                                                                               franehlr. Elll! Kt constttu~e par              !ncorporatton partlelle de la rt-
                                                                                                                                                                               l'f,piJlew;e queaUon dea ltO!JpU              a~rve 11)felale de reevatuath:>n .t
                                                                                                                                                                              $0rtlll!. LH co.zutructeura tnn~;Us             ~1!\'at!on de UOO tr. l 4.000 fr.
                                                                                                                                                                              unt repou"e l'ldee de tout S<>COilrS           du nominal de' aeuona : :z. de
                                                                                                                                                                              financier de• 11rm~ extra-IIJ)Ortlves.         3U m!lllorut 4411.000 lr, 6 4681172.000
                                                                                                                                                                              C'etatt leur drott. Mala lis auraient          tr, par tlnlulon A 4 tOO tr. de
                                                                                                                                                                              pu odmettre que les coureura e1ran-            39.056 Rcllons de 4.000 frnnea,
                                                                                                                                                                              rtors. lies par eontrats avec des !lr- LA J)J!'ITrtm CTTON D'AC'fi ON!I
                                                                                                                                                                              mcs publlcl1alreJ, vln.sent cour1r             ORA TUITI\R er•'~..s en repr~.,n­
                                                                                                                                                                              t'n Fr.snce avec tout un barlolage              taUon de l'3ugment.aUon de capi-
                                                                                                                                                                              de rklamM aur lr dos. Cela "" pou-             tal de !100 a 1.1!00 mmtoos p~r I&
                                                                                                                                                                               vaJt nou.s- dt!lriJer et eela ,.uvait         Ch.• Cl6n~r&le des Eau:c II nou -
                                                                                                                                                                               le canlCl:et« inlt'mattonal de nos            v.,lle pour l ar.ctennel aera.lt rt!a-
                                                                                                                                                                               compt>titions condlllon essenUelle            llsfe, saut lmprevu. dans le cou-
                                                                                                                                                                               de leur ex1ilte!u:e.                          rant du mots de n"'"embre.
                                                                                                                                                                                  Malt la Cllambre sYDdlcale du
                                                                                                                                                                               eycle n'a pas voulu de dmtl-
                                                                                                                                                                              mt.sure : pas de maillot• publlct-
    Le probleme de                                                                                                                                                             talres en. Fran<!e, mfme pout les                Au Bulletin «
                                                                                                                                                                              coureura etrangcrs. ll apparUent
                                                                                                                                                                              done l M.. ;rotnard, en tan\ que pre-        d es Annonoes Legale!
 l'equipe de France                                                                                                                                                           Fident de I'U.C.l, de a'armer, une
                                                                                                                                                                              rots de plus, de dtplomatte pour                       Obliga toir~s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ,,
                                                                                                                                                                              \' elll~r aux • kbanaes • et :
    est enfin resolu                                                                                                                                                              I • convaino:re    ,.,.   rklt'!raUons     LE R.A.L.O. du ta o<:rohre, pu·
                                                                                                                                                                              ~lrAniC<-tes que Ju r~11lementa de l>lle de lnst."rtlons cnn.,~ant, no-
    Oc:tobre 1952 : Paul Nlcol&a                                                                                                                                              ch:acune d'ell"" dolvenl Hre res- tatnml!lll, tu a<>ch!tu wlvant.,. :
 eat membre du eomlt4 de atlee-                                                                                                                                               pect<• l l'tnt~rlcur de ...., 1ron-            Comp&ll'nle Fran~ah•~ d.. l'oitr~
 tlon. ~ joueu1'11 rrancat. bat-                                                                                                                                              Ul-ro:                                      les. -       E:mtaton rle UJO.H5 •~­
 unt tour II tour I' All•mar;ne 1                                                                                                                                                 2• aasurer qu'Jl ne pouvail, com- tlon• de &.000 fr. ldnnt 5.000 •~­
 Colombu, I' Aut.rlebe 1 \'lenne,                                                                                                                                             me pi"CCili=t de Ia F .r.c., que aul- Uollll catfrorte • A • et 1 153.3!5
 ete.                                                                                                                                                                         vre Ia V<>lontr de Ia Clumbre syn- ac:.tons cal~rle c B •>, A 50\locrlre
                                                                                                                                                                              du~ale du cycle, parc.•e que celk-<:l Clu 28 ~tobrP au 3 decemhre. AU
   Octobra 1953 : Paul Nteolaa                                                                                                                                                ialt vi\Te le 61)0rl c:)'ellale de ses JlTix de 0~ tr. DI"'it de sous~rtp­
 qultle le comlt4 da afl~Uon                                                                                                                                                  deniers :                                   tlon. abaltatllon fa1te de• actlona
 pour devenlr pr63ldent du J'I'Ou-                                                                                                                                                3• rt'elamer Ia I.'Ompr~·henslon des nnuvell~s anuoerlte<: par !''F:tal •
 prement dee club• autoruu.                                                                                                                                                   RJ!OUpes sporllfll <'tt·angers I>Dur au -  unP     IICtlnn • fl • pnur trot• nctl<>nt
 L'~qulpe de Franc~ joue sept
 matches d~anta. Elle en perd                                                                                                                                                 torber leurs coureura l porltclpet • A • QU .. B • de 6.000 trnnc:s ;
                                                                                                                                                                              awt epnu\··· !un~alse. qui lt!s            foutaaaoll'<!    Cleo actions nou\•eu.. :
 quatre : Yougoatavle Sulaae.              Avant Dyn amo de   Moscou, lt
 Itall~ et Yougoslule.' Elle aa                                                                                                                                               lnl~res:seraient aowo le aeuJ maDIOI ler Janvlc>r 19'4-
                                        pubUc    parisien auu l'occaslon                                                                                                      de leur marque                                 !lo~l~~ Comm•rrble de J'Oue•t
PI'De deux : Eire at Mel<lqu~.                                                                                                                                                                                           A,lrtra!n. - 1• Emis!ion A 5.!500 fr.
Elle obtlent un tllllteb nul : Bel-     d'usisler au elaulque match Ra-                                                                                                           c.- dolt ~".. poalbte.                 e. cotatlon de 500.000 acUoJU t!e
cJque.                                  cing-Arsenal organi.e au prolU                                                                                                                          F,ncoi~ TERBEEN.         5 000 fr., joulssan<"e le:r a\"rll 195•
   Oetobre 1154 : Paul Nleol&a          des plus grands invalide.s de                                                                                                                                                    (1 pour· 2 dt' 3 000 tr.) : souaertp.
eat deYenu - proY!eotrement -           6\lerre.                                                                                                                                                                         tlon du 25 oc1obre au 4 d<kembre :
dlreeteur de l't!Q.uJpe de Franee.        c·e,t d emaln aolr - n heurea                                                                                                                                                  to Rerrroupement des aetlona de
Premier match : lea Allemancta,         au Pare de• Prlncea - qu•aura                                                                                                                                                    J.OOO rr. en 11tres c!e 3.000 tr.. pull
cl!amplons du moniSt 19Sf, sont                                                                                                                                                                                          creation de 200.000 acUons nouvel-
batttU aur leur terrain par dea                                                                                                                                                                                          les de !5.000 fr., aUr!bueel< l(ratul-
Joueura trleoll)ru aurvoltb.                                                                                                                                                                                             teme~nt aux 1.100.000 actions de 5.000
   A INSI, I L ES T CLAI R que                                                                                                                                                                                           franca reprfsentant a!Ol's I<' C•DIInt
Paul Nicolas est L E SE UL qu i                                                                                                                                                                                          (2 pour ll I ; rotation de ces 200.000
eaehe PTCP&Nr c moral~ment >            lieu cette reocontre qui permettra                                                                                                                                               a<:tlons nouva116.
lea rootballeurs appel& l dHen-         d'applaudlr Marche. Gr!llet e l                                                                                                                                                     SOd6W Commerclale ,t rnclu<-
dre It preatJp de Ia formation          MAhjoub, troll d es oon heros du                                                                                                                                                 trleUp lie Ia C6te d'Airfqup, -
natlonale. 11 eat LE SEUL qui                                                                                                                                                                                            £miaalon A 5.MO Jr et cotaUon dr
alt Ia eo~~ de joueurs. n               r~cent France-AIIema gne (3-1).                                                                                                                                                  38 000 art!on• d<' 5.000 Jr.: jouls-
est LE SEUL II I"• romprendre.            Le Raclnr. e n d~pit d u match                                                                                                                                                 san~e ler mal 11154 (3 pour J).
   AINSI, fl. EST CLAIR que             Important qu'll dol~ joae r dlman·
Paul Nicol..,. DO lT -      mal~rr~     cbe contre Touloute en champion·
lui - accepter de restl'r au pOlite
cle ~ommande de l'fqnlpa de
                                        nat, v~ut battre Antenal :                                                                                                                                                             Bourse de Londres
                                          -     Alnsl, dlt·on rue Amp~re, &e
France, pour que d'autrrft ex-                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Preced. ~~oct.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 l
                                        dlsputt'ra Ill !I n ovembre un e v~·
plolla o'ajoutent 1 eeux r~alhtt'JI
l VIenna en 1952 ou A llanon a
aamedl.
                                        rltable tlna le e nt re r~tDl.! valn-
                                        queura d 'Arae nal.                                                                                                                                                                mo.................. 39 7is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           • ..- .. .... .. ....... u 3/t
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            40   u•
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            28 314
       I L. EST CLAIR que
  A INSI,
~~uJ _.,. • - - · ._;;.;;.;=.;...=;.J
                                          Le dub lond on len, en e Uet. a
                                         ..._.._. . ..   ..... -   · · - - · n.                 .....
                                                                                  --.....u..==~~=   i!.&---"'1!2'-U>
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ............ ~ 22           .<l!UJ•L.---~-
         OUCOUPES
           VOLANTES ••
    « UNE MYSTIFICATION »                                                                                                                                        « MAIS                                      MOl, J'Y CROIS »
      .  ARIS • PRES-                           par Jacques BERGIER ---..,                                         dar. ondes m111im~trlquu ter-
                                                                                                                                                                                                             par Aime MI CHE L---.,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --------~~--~
((
      P  • SE '' me fait
           le grand hon-
neur de me demander
                                        ... J'homme qui lnforma le premter le~ allies des pnlparatlfs
                                        allemands de fusee5 VI et V2, J<~cques Bergier, a co!labore it
                                        notre ~erie sur les c soucoupes ". Son optnlon prend d'autant
                                                                                                                   vanl par exemple au teliguldllae
                                                                                                                   de l\J!ees, exploalons atomiques,
                                                                                                                   dkharaes en couronne des lila
                                                                                                                   de transport d'o\ner~rle elei!tTique,
                                                                                                                   tout cecl se combinant pour
                                                                                                                   donner nai8sance au ph~ne
                                                                                                                                                            L
                                                                                                                                                                  A question posee
                                                                                                                                                                     par le probleme
                                                                                                                                                                     d e s soucoupes
                                                                                                                                                            volantes n 'est pas de sa-
                                                                                                                                                                                                      ... auteur du livre c Lueurs sur les soucoupes volantes •· est
                                                                                                                                                                                                      l'un d4s premiers specialistes ftan~als Sllrleux dans ce domalne.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Alme Michel, qui a collabore, comme Jacques Bl!raler. ~ notre
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Ce qu'onl .vu
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Jes oslronomes
                                        plu$ de polds que ce sctentifique, membre de !'Academle des                                                                                                   serle sur les souc:oupes, a etudie dans un esprit d'objectivlte
une conclusion pour son                 Sciences de New-York, n'a rlen d'un sceptique : tl est en                  dlt de.s • aoucoupu volante5 •·                                                    taus las t~moignages dignes de fo! exi$t~nt a ce jour et les                          t: 20 mill 1950, a 13 heurea;
enquete sur les « sou-                  ~me temps coredacteur de Ia revue d' •nllcipation • Fiction •.                Da04 eea conditions il n 'y a
                                                                                                                   aueune rai.x~ de erolre a des
                                                                                                                                                            voir s'il se deroule dans
                                                                                                                                                            le ciel des phenomenes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         a reunls dans son ouvrage.                                  L       te pro!eJ~eur llall, astro-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             nome dt' I'Oh$Uvv.,!olre de
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Lowe!, dans le l.\Ia55acbusetta,
coupes volantes ,. .                                                                                               soucoups maWrielles - v&icules
                                                                                                                                                            curieux, vagues et diffi-                                                                                                obnrva i loiSir un disque ar-
                                     m.ls Jamais je o'ai rccuellli un                                              ou pl'OjecUIM. Commr la foudre,
  Si j'ose emcttrc unc opi-          aeul 14\moicnage permeltant de
                                                                           donncnt l'exemple de phenord-
                                                                           n.,. verifiables pouvan\ rendre
                                                                                                                   l'aurore bo~ale et l'en..oeiane au
                                                                                                                   nlton, m soucoupea volantes me
                                                                                                                                                            d les a identifier.                     dre d'idee de tout un arse-
                                                                                                                                                                                                    nal d ' explications large-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          rapporte avoir vu avec toute sa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          !amille, le 20 aoill 19.49 un cigare
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     cr-nte brlll:ant au ~oleil, q~ se
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     di'phl.(lllt a une \'itUlle mode.re~
nion sur ce• sujet, c'est que        conclure a l'exi$tence d'un vehi-     1'811' lum1neux.                        paralSiel'lt ~tre un pht!t'lom6ne de       S'il en etalt ainsi, la re-                                                 a hublots lravrrser le clel au-               L'ut.ronome e-:uunlna Ia I'OU-
je suis depuis longtemps             cule terrestre ou autre l!t pour          II est extrbnement probuble                                                  ponse s e r a it simple ; la            ment satisfalsantes pour              dessus de lui ?                            coupe dan~ sa jumelle, pula la
                                     mo1 c'est une mystification.                                                  dech..-re lwnine~.me dana lea ,n                                                 l'csprit : bolides, aerolithes,
• amateur d'insolite et scri-                                              qu'll e.O.te des pbt!nom"'ea de         de !'air.                                science dispolle dans cet or-                                                    Fou ou menteur, le arand u-             auh·lt au lhf-odollle poUl' mesu·
be de -miracles •.                                                         ce genre pouvant falre apparal-                                                                                          etoiles tilantes, mtHcorites,          tronome Hess de l'observatoire            rn ~a rra.ndr-ur et ses d~pla('e­
                                       De~ cas explicables                  tre dans l'air des di.aques ou d•      r-----------------------                                               i.
                                                                                                                                                                                                    parhelies, halos, arcs-en-             de Fla&staft. unlver&ellement             mrnla Rpparrnts.

                                                                                                                            Yoici ce pe rollS derez loire .. '
  C'est aussi parce qu'il                                                  fu.seaux lwruneux.                                                                                                       del, meteores, faux soleils,          connu notamment pour !et tra-                 11 estima que 5& distance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           vaux sur l'atmospb~re de Man,             ret'lle Halt romprl'e entre des
m'est a.ttivC, plusieurs fois,          par la fluorescence                    La 8.)--mt!trie et une forme cir-                                                                                    astres de forte magnitude                                                        rbitrres dfo l'ordre dJ! 2 a 4 kilo-
de prevoir a partir de don-                                                ~:ulaire .!Dill les ce.ractlriatiqu•                                                                                     (Venus, Jupiter, Vega, Arc-            qUi vit une soucoupe pas.oer sans
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     mHre., Jon dlamHrt> dr l t a U
                                          de l'atmosphere                  de nombreux. ph4!noml!nes phy-                                                                                                                                  se presser sous une couche nua-
nees scienti.!iques les deve-
loppements a vcnir : V2 ou                                                 .!lqlle5. Pluaieura expllcatiou. de
                                                                           ee fel!l'l! rendl!llt compte dee ap-
                                                                                                                             si rolls es ~ royez :»· IIDe..•                                        turus, etc... ), foudre en
                                                                                                                                                                                                    boule, aurores borea.les,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ge~ assez !Ache, br.ller au .o-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          leil. tentrer dans l'ombre, se pro-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     mi'tre,, el s:~ \·iteue r&Ue de
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     qurlque 300 kll'llllttres.
bombe atomique, su.f!isam-             L'examen de Ia documentation                                                                                                                                 ballons-sondes, h.elicopteres,        filer sur les nuages, et qui put              ~a dt,crlpllon de l'objd est
                                                                           paritions de souooupes volantea
ment a l'avance pour pou-                                                                                                 ES temollrnal!ll sur les liOU-
voir etre de quelque utilite
pendant la derniere guerre.
                                     trk complete rassemblee par cPa-
                                     ria-pr~ • montre que IOta les
                                     timoicn•ces sur les soucollP"s
                                     volanles sont explicables par Ia
                                                                           et eUes me parai~Rnt fort pleu-
                                                                           sibles.
                                                                               On disque d'air 'ionlri ae com-
                                                                                                                    L      coupea volanle1 pechent le
                                                                                                                           pk11 80\1'\"e!nl -par manque
                                                                                                                    do prkislon, Le ou les specta-
                                                                                                                                                            boua>le ou ph• •Implement un
                                                                                                                                                            cau.teau ou une el& tu!t~ent
                                                                                                                                                            pour consUlter cgte etman!a-
                                                                                                                                                            llon.
                                                                                                                                                                                                    avions, etc... sans parler de
                                                                                                                                                                                                    !a dernieres. c e 11 e q u e
                                                                                                                                                                                                    M. d' Alton proposait re-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          meme 4!\'llluer ses dtmensiona ?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Fou ou menteur, l'utronoml'
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Hall, de l'observatoire Lowell,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     t'tri·mtmtnt pretise : 11 a Yu
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     un dl5que mrtalllque br.illani
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     " entourf- d'un bouiL!onnemeot
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     blanc. ft!n.rt cr~me tooetlre "·
                                                                           porterait cxactem.ent comma le                                                                                           cemment et qui explique               qui vtt lui aussl une aoucoupe
   Comme rroacteur 1 Ia rovu~        fluort'scenee de !'atmosphere aous                                             teur• du ph~nomene sont trOOI-             Potu· Wle o~vatloo de sou-                                                 passer au soieil, briliD.nte et om-        Sf' rC'p~o,cnler ce " bonillonne.-
• Fktion • j'ai pu examiner tau-     dts Influences elect.riques.          font lcs soucoupes volantl!ll.           blt!t et oubllent oo rt!lllal'q\ler     oocpe en vol, pr~venir Ie plua          avec beaucoup de vraisem-             brte. l'observa 1 Ia jumelle et                r.~ 22 mal 1950, dt>ux Joon
lea U!s publications c:onnues sur       IA, nous nous trouvons sur un          L'imaginaiion .Y ajoute dee hu-      dea details qui pourraient per-         ra:pldemeJll poulble l'obaerva-         blance certaines apparitions          parvlnt lul aussl l caiculer 8.'\           apr~ l'obitr"'!Uon de JlaU t.
le aujet des souc:oupe~~ volantes    terrain plus aolide. L'aurore bo-      blots conune elle a ejou\4 des          mettre 100 identlfiC'Iotion. S'ils      toire ou le centre ~t~roloaf­                                                 vttesse et ses dimensions ?                 t.ow~l. l'a~lronmne Urss cludlalt
                                                                            canaux aux ~t.t!s obser-                                                                                                lumlneuses par la rencontre                                                      It~ condllton.s mHeorolofiqu~.
abW ~ des centames de lcttres,       reale comme l'en.oreiRO• au neon                                               gndent leW' aantHroid, il$ ne           gue Je plus proche qo1 pourront         d'une couche d'alr ionisee
                                                                            v~es a Ia surface de Ia planl!te        aavent pu tou.)Ours o\1 ach'es!;er      obeen•er le pbinom~ne avec                                                                                                lorSIJU'It remuqua un diSque
                                                                                                                                                                                                    avec un .!alsceau d'onde                                                          brlllttni qul passalt, sans se pre~­
                                                                            Mar..
                                                                               D ta~t notnmmeot se m~ner
                                                                                                                    le compte rendu de leur obser-
                                                                                                                    vation nl queUe aulorite pr;h•e-
                                                                                                                                                            leur& appareils. Si vous ~ pou-
                                                                                                                                                            vez. le.s }olndre, prfflne~ au           radar.                                II laul chel'chel'                        ~rr trop, entre Irs n!Jll.ges et le

  ~ Elle » est nee dons un Joborotoire                                      de l'lmaglnatloo redoutable des         nlr pour 4111'eventuellemuot le         Dl()iM Ia lfendarmerle.                   MalheurotUement, la question          Fou ou menleur, Je pro!esaeur            101.
                                                                            a.atronomea qui nt voir II G ru lt-     pheoom~ne eolt etudie t l'aldc                                                  n'eal pas ll.                         Lincoln La Paz, dlrecte-ur de                 I I etaiL parfailement vltible A.
                                                                                                                    d'lnstrurn.ents approprh!s.                                                                                                                                      l'rell nu, m:ll' l'utronoaJe l'etu-
                                                                            h.ausen des cites dan!l la Lune,
                                                                            au cel~bre Hefschel dea habi-              C'est pourquol, au ca.1 ou vou~            Ce que vous notere~                 La question posee par le pro-       l'Instltut de ~eteorique du Nou-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          veau M~xlque, qui contempla le             dltt i\ Ia luneiiP,
                                                                                                                                                                                                    bHtme des sou~oupes volantes est                                                    C'elall un diMtur d'apparence
                                                                            tants sur le Solei! et aux astro-       au•l aerle7. un jOU'I' tmnoln d'llll         Un bon compte rendu d'obur-        Ia sulvante : comment expliquer       mysterleux engtn par deux rot~ ?           met.tlllque. Lr~ nun~es ctnnt as-
                                                                            nomu Scbl,apareUl et LQweU              vol de JOUOOUPe«. nous vous             vation eliot~ cornprendre de~~ J)l'e--  Ja de!ICriptlon ext~;emement pre-         Fous ou menteurs, le capltalne         set lf.dtes, 14' proless.etn He•
                                                                            leJI canaux de Mars.                    !ourn!Nons ccs quelque. indica·         eislons W£ Ia dale, l'beure, Je         cise et concr~te, donnee par des      Mac LsugbliD et son equlpe de              put le voir 1e llroftler tantO£ sar
                                                                                                                    tlon:s.                                 lieu, l'eta.l du del lnutgc., vlai-     mllllera de h\molns. d'un engin       specialistes de la base d'essa;s           tr.s nuagr~ Ires blar.r~ -        et
                                                                                                                       Sl le ph~ne .e d6roule a             b!Ute, brume, temperature... )          cl'awarence m~lallique, ayant         d'engtns tel~gutd~ de White-               ntors sa ~llhouelle l'tall sombre,
                                                                            R ien de plw qu' une                    proxlmlte d'une habitation ou                La de.acrlptton du ph~nomene       des e!J)~ces de hublots et qui        Sand!, qui 6Uivlrent A plusleur~           ror elle eUiit a l'ombre - tantot
                                                                                                                    d'u.n vehic:ule ou  ae \rouve un        l~meme devralt lndlquer Je              evolue touJours de Ia m~me ma-        reprises, evoluant autour de               •ur lc hlru du riel, rt alo~
                                                                            decharge electr iq ue                   paste de T.S.F., allumez.-le el         point du del ou il eat apparu,          ni~re en buculant et projetant        leurs rus~es lt. 100 lttlom~trc.,          ~&t.nt fn.ppf p&r In r&yOtn!l da
                                                                                                                    placez l'algullle entre deux sta-       a:1 trajectolre, sea oban,cementa       d~ Ia lumlere aux accelerations 1     d'almude, des englns clrculalrP.a          soleil, II ruplendl-tt comme
                                                                             Les d.i.sques d'air ionL• aeraient     Uona. Sl Ia soucoupe est un ve·         de dlredion, aa torme1 sa cou-             A cette que.;tion, tous ceux qui   !.i.la.nt a 28.000 et meme 32.000 ,        un mlrolr.
                                                                           repousses _par 1e m•tal d• avions.       blc:ule tonctlonnant IUr un quel·       leur, ~ lfl'OISeur appal'ftlte.         ant jusqu'l pr~sent tent<! d'expii-   ldlom~trel-heure 7                     1      Rt>.. anlt IDl t'xcellent moyen
                                                                           se deplacei-aient A IP'BJlde \-lteiSe    con.que prlnclpe electrlq~ 011               Quand !'objet a peroouru ooe       quer les 10ucoupes vola.ntes par          ns aont des diza!nes de mU-            de mesurer !'altitude maximum
                                                                           el serai.ent totalemeot Stlen<:leux.     magnetlque, II y a de tortes            lJcne drolte, DOWr I. loocueur de       de. phenom~nu naturels omet-          liers maintenant comme Tom-                dl' l'enfln, pulsque ctiJII..cl Yo·
                                                                           lh poUiraient dUparaltre en ex·          chaoces pour que le paste. de           ~tte ligne en laraeur de Ia main        tent de repondre. Et cecl pour        ba.ugb, La Paz, Hall, Hess, Mac            lalt plo~ ba<~ que les nuaxes. Et
                                                                           plosant (comme la .ouc:oupe de           T.S.F. enreJ!st.re du pat'Ulte.l        par exemple et le tempt mil a           deux ra!sons : lt!.ll uns ignorent    Laughlin, ZObm, t.i. Daurces,              connals~nt l'nllilude rt le dla-
                                                                           Dieppe) ou se diaiperalmt dana           exb'Miement bnlyanta.                   la pari."'W'ir.                         Ie• temoiJn&Je$, les autre.s n'y      etc... q.ut ont ~'U quelq~ choto           metre apparrnt, II pat <'3leultr
                                                                           l'air <.'OI:Ilme le clpre de Vemon-                                                    Noler a·n y • des acofleratlon•.  croient pu, En ce qui me              de prlcis et d'inexpllcable : car          les dimension• rHilrs : U ITotrra
                                                                           sur-Eure qui donna n~ l                   Verifiez l'aimantation                 raJentissemenb, 1tationneme-ota.        conceme j'al poursuivi mon en-         n n'y a pas de ph!nomene natu-            ! mHru a print.
                                                                           phWeU1'5 souco~.                                                                      La grosseur apparente de !'ob-                                            re! en !orme de ci&are avec des             Le solr du %0 a.oiit 1M9, a

                                                                                                                                                                                                !
                                                                                                                                                                                                    qufte pendant dl!! anm!es et j'ai      hublots. Ces mllllera et mUliers
                                                                              Cette Ionisation ~ut avol:r              Sl l'oa. vous tdJD~Ie qu'une          jet peut ~t.re comparee A ~Jia         depoulll~ des mUliers       et des                                               Z! h. 4.5, le profes.seur Tombauch.
                                                                           plu.!l.eurs causes. Des causes na-       eoueoupe a 6t6 aper~ue pede •ur                                                                                       de temoins, ce sont eux qui po-            qui, en 1930. dEcouuU Pluton,
                                                                                                                                                             d..., Ia ple1ne luooe ou du .aiel!. Si m1lliera de temoignages. Quant        sent le probl~me, et non P\\!1
                                                                            tuceUes, rayons cosmlquea, elec·        le aot. rendez-vow sur place et,
                                                                                                                    11 voua n'apercovez rleQ. verlfiez
                                                                                                                                                             !'Objet p._e devant une manta•         a n'y ~s crolre, ce serait plus       ceux QUI ont vu quelquee va111e~
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Ia derntrre pl!l.nHe du 'lysteme
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ~olnire, ~e lroo\'&.it dennt sa
                                                                           trona solaires, deeb&rlet electro-                                                int au 1.1(1 nuage noter sl possi-     facile L<ruremenl Mal" comment         lueur1 diUill le clel. Aves ces t.t!·
                                                                           magru!tiquea terre.stres. Ce der•        a'll ne a'l!lt pu prodult d'airnan-      ble leur dlsttnce. Noter •I la Ju-     t~n:r pour unanim.ement m.en-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     molson dP L:u Crnfes, dam le
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           moins Ia, Je cholx est simple :       1

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Nounsu-~fulque,
                                                                            nier pbenom~e lle l'appar!Uoo           tatlon aux alentoun.                    m.iere p;nll .rttl.kble w au con· 1 teura Ja !oule dea utronomes.              u !aut les accuser de raux te-
                                                                            de boulu de feu aux tremble-               En .Gmettant que le pheno-            tral.re PI'OIX'e A l'objel.            les technlclens d'engins teh\gui-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        LrvRntl ~s     yeux ven It d el,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           mol&naae ou renoncer provlaal-            II aper~ut ~oudaln, vres do ,_~.
                                                                           menta de terre et a ~~~ deve-            m6ne ne .ali pu purM'lent hal-                Joindre un eroquia au compte      d~•. de• avlateurJ, des o.Uiclers,     rement a l'expllcauon, c'est l·           nllh. •fx on hult rectan~les r es-
                                                                           loppe par M. Montandon daM               luc:ln•tolre et que l'encJ.n IIIli·      reoou, li possible pr~l! del 1 del meteoro}OJistes, qui illlr-                dire, chercber.                           plendl~sant d'one lumlere ver·
Le physicien americain Noel Scott a realise ' " laboratoirt c:ette expi·   la revue • GeoarBC)hlca Helve-           vc l'un des princlpea qu'l.ma·           photoerapbies.                         ment a\'oir vu l'engin ? Voila             Ce cholx. U est evident qu'll         dalre, volnnt rapldement n ra
titnce qui, nlon lui, livre l'eniem• des soucoupes vola ntes. Sous une      tica •• en 194.8. Jl y avalt ~t6        glnent certalna I!Op8clall!tea lanti-       .U comp\r rendu de l'obeer\'a-      pourquol. bon are, mal gre-, j'at      eng~e une attitude morale.Lea             un point dr l'bortzon altw' entre
                                                                            fait allwion deux ans aupara-            pesanleul' champa de tor~:e) de.!       llon dolt 6tre adresse t10lt au        f:t~ amene A crolre aux. soucou-
cloche datts laquelle niste un vide partie!, II fait puser un c.hamp
                                                                            vant dans l'ouvra1e de M. Ro-           objel.t de IMtal proche de l'ab:e                                                                                     presomptueux ont l'MccusaUon               ~5 tt so ttt.-reN aud-e!l. 11~ 11e
electrique crea nt eel • lueura anodes • qui chansant da forme, pn-                                                                                          Burem1 SdenllriQtte de l'Armee pea volantes.                                 fac.De, mala Pascal conselllalt            t'l~pta~;nlt'nt d'un mou\'cment r&-
unt du champianon i Ia bo ule, tt u depla~ant dans Ia cloche a l g.r e
                                                                            the • S4tlsmea et volcan1 •, peru       d'•tter.rll...e poun'&lent avoir         de l'Air, 24. boule\'Vd Victor a          Faut-11 traltt!r de menteur et     de c cbercher en ~temwant •·               l_llde d unltonnf' et !em b.l.Ue.nt
                                                                            dans In collection • Que sals-je .       6Ul llmantu, Un lnat.;ument             Part•, toil a la M~l()fie na·          de tou le vand 8!lronome Clyde        Pour mol, je crols que Pascat              4•tre lc~ hublolw de quel1Jue en -
dt leur fantaisle. Selon le physicien amerlcain et de nombrewr sa-         en 1946.                                 agrloole en metal, ooe cllart'Ue,        tionile, 1, aveoue Rapp A Parl.s,       Tombau1h, qui partaie avec           avalt raison. Mt!me sl, jusqu'A            lin non f<·lnlrr por te en va1 ue
vanta, les soucouper seralent lo mime phenomeno repet.! d..,s               L'ionlsation peut avolr efale-          ~.roe cloture en frl de fer peu-         aoit 6 c Paris-presae •, 12, rue       Low~ll Ja elolre d'avol:r decou-      plus ample lntorme, 1J n'~t PM             silhouette lumine'ICwle sur le
              l';dmosphilre 1ur une plus ara nde echtlle.                  ment des causes humaine.s: ra·           vent avoir l'll! magnetites. Une        du oroi.oant qui lransmellrl             vert lo planete Pluton, 10t$qu'll     utile de g6mlr                            nolr du Hnn:-mrul.
                                                                                                                       THIS PAGE IS THE REVERSE OF THE PREVIOUS PAGE
                                                                                                                            AND MAY NOT BE RELEVANT TO THE FI LE


 ,.u is-press•l'infranslgeant                                                                                                                          INFORMATIONS                                                                                                            31-10 et l n-11-1954 -                   Pagc jCRN(!

Apres avoir applaudi "Les Indes Galantes" a l'Opera
                           Les autobus      LES
HAILE SELASSIE RE()U PARLE ne sero~t :pas M. Vincen t Auriol
CONSEIL MUNICIPAL PASSERA suppr1mes fait une deposition                                                                                                                                                         •.. car ce serait m ettre
  31 minu-                                                                                                                                                                                                           sur le pave                                             de 1 h. 20
                                                                                                                                                                                                                827 m illions de pi~ tons
  tessurla                                                                                                                                                                                                           ARt S conserver& ses au-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       E cnlme est revenu hler
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          L aIa caserne de Reuil-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ly. L 'interrogatoir e do
                                                                                                                                                                                                                P       tobus. n n'est pas tout ca pit aine Cazalet a dii e tre                       Vne casserole
    Seine                                                                                                                                                                                                               a fait supe.rflu de l'an- r e mis, le commanda n t 1\l e r -
                                                                                                                                                                                                                noncer. Le bruit avait couru eler , q u i instruit !SOD cas,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                qu'il etait question de les etnn t toujours sou Cfr ant .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                supprimer. On en a meme Baranea - qul continue II ccrlre
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      d'eaa chaude
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     a lail deborder
        EseJOur pari~ien de                                                                                                                                                                                     discute a la prefecture de ses Mtmoires - a cholsl un trol-
I :.J  S.M. Haile Sclassie
       s'acheve. Demain, 1 e
souverain quittera ]a capitale
                                                                                                                                                                                                                police, avant de decider qu'ils aleme d6fenseur : M' Tixil'r-Vi-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                continueraient a rouler.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       a:nancour, qui des hier solr a pr!s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       l'indignalion
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     du mari trom pe
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Lt's aulobu• .onl conlre eux Jes connalssan~ du dossler concer-
pour Lyon. Auparavant. il
aura etC - ce malin - l'hote
de la municipalitt.! de Paris.
                                                                                                                                                                                                              I-
                                                                                                                                                                                               conductrurs de voiturt'~ particu-
                                                                                                                                                                                               li~res.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       nant  l'aneien ddacteur du jour-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       nal Liberation.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     L
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         A tOo CbJU!lbre I.DI.&'n lendn.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           <et aprb·mldt dan• 1Ul
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           rn~, .. a trQil. 'llr r;mpf,


                                                                                                                                                                                                              l
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Si Paris, dlsent-il!, e!rt em-    A Murrl, !'ancien pr6,1dPnL de                             l>mttu (ff,baude m~m•l rt vat
   Hier ~olr, apres avotr 11 son                                                                                                                                                               boutelll"'. In !aute en rsl en 1a R~publlque, M. Vincent Auriol,                                      rcnt,.nt, Z\1. Dfl1&rncbe, qui t st
tour ln\· t~ M. el Mml' Rene Ccty                                                                                                                                                              l{l'.antll:' partie auJC autobus : 1a qui, de par ses !onctions. n a.uisu!                            ald••oUICn~ur     al'h""l'lCt' d'l \'1')',
                                                                                                                                                                                               plupnrt de nos rues ne ~ont pas durant sept ans aux reunions du                                       a prl6 Ill• rorn~ d .. rtclam•r A
il diner en Ia nouvelle ambas-
aade d'Elhiopie, avenue Charles-
Floquet, le roi d~ rols et le J!ff-
                                                                                                                                                                                                              I
                                                                                                                                                                                               falles pour des blllstodontes de ConseH .ruperleur de la D~!ense
                                                                                                                                                                                               dlx m~lres de lon1 et 2 m. 40 de naUonale, a verse son tl!moignnge
                                                                                                                                                                                             I large qui, en outre. bloquent Ia au dossier de l'atialre des !ultes.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     •• remmr laOdel" ot l aun htu-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     reux rlul. le plolllbl•r Ludm
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Wrlaand, qu'aMUte M• ~-bllrlu
sJdent de 1a Republique out past~                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Muc~olt, l"! ropra I lulU qa'll
                                                                                                                                                                                               moiUi> de la chauss~ quand i1s C'est le commandant Brun, JUge                                         e.Ume tal •Ire justem•nt dua,
la IIOi~~ fl !'Opera,                                                                                                                                                                          s'arri'tt'nt;. »                                                                                      ,,prh 13 U'U oho\Ude dli<'U>IlOA
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       d'instruction pres le tribunal ml-
  Ql1and l'hOtt' de Ia France des-                                                                                                                                                                  c·e~t vrai : les outobua l50n:l li!alre dl! Bordcaull:, qui. 111r com-                           qul l'e-n,·oyA    &•a\-~rr . d«"UX   moll
ceodit de fa Talbot pr~ldentielle, DURANT L' ENTRACTE, HIER SOIR                               A   L'OPE RA,   S. M.   HAILE   U LASS IE APPARAIT AU             IALCON DU CRANO VESTIBU LE. encombrnnts par- leur ma•~t' . Les mission rogatolre du conunondant                                     dan• aun prcropu bliprt.al.
                                                                                                                                                                                               piktons lc ~ont 1\ussi, p:u lrur de Resse(Uier, a proced6 a son                                          11 " avalt bWe Iurette Qlio
&t'cUCillf par le pr~ridt>nl du                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      \\ rlrancf otalt du drralor b•• n
Con•eil, lell presidents des as- Mou tl~r eerC.take d'Etat tux A!-                                                                                                                             nombrf'. CependanL ju.•qu'ici on audition. Celle-ei a durc 1 h. 20.                                   1 vee lllmr Dr.la.nK.bt', I c nun
&embl~es, les acciAmatiocs de Ia laitt• •tran&erl!3, el leur pn·sentl!                                                                                                                         le$ tol~re. n faudra birn aussl
                                                                                                                                                                        Mile Nl.cole de
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     avalt ttnte dP prol.&'strr, lltals
                                    les mt'mb<H de I'A."t'mblo:e pari-
foule qui attendal t turen t cha- slenne-.                                                                                                                                                     continun a ~olerer l~s autobu~            Quant a Mme Oilier, eli:-Viet-                             1M me Delarothr. Jl l' on rn crott
leureuses.                                   Puu te c:or\ect' game la.                                                                                                                         Car les JUPpr1mer ,lqwvaudrmt a consul-archlviSte a l'ambusade de                                     I•• 'olsln.o, " te cuactbrc dos
                                    salle des fftes ou l'attendent 1500                                                                                                            •           lanC<"r- sur le p:1vf 827 milllom Fr11nce i Canberra, elle est inlt'r-                                a.DUqu•s harpks. uae btU~ u r -
  L'emperrur d'Etbiople etait en personnes du Tou1-'Puls.                                                                                                                                      dP Par ls1ens qui. m~me rt'parti~ rogee t't' malin fl nouveau au tri-
habit. Ia P01trine barr6e du l!'and Le pr<'sldent du con•ell munici-                                                                                                       Castries            sur ~G!i jours de quln7e heures, bunal milita.lre.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ruro •t qu•lqll.e renomblante
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ano 1\l m• Ansot. A a•o.lne JJrla-
cordon de la Legion d'hoonneur. pal prend 1.• l>JU'<>Ir pour salUt'r lt
Lcs gardes t cheval, mu~es jus- rot de• rols el exaltt'r l'amttfO, qui
que ~ur l~s tro\tolrs, presentalent le lie A Pdria et d Ia France. Et, en
                                                                                                                                                                         •   "   d   L '
                                                                                                                                                                                                              I
                                                                                                                                                                                          1 repre~entent une nrmt!e de phl-
                                                                                                                                                                     (pebte-ruece U genera ) tons dont on ne £aurnil que tnlre.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     roch~ uunalt-11 b      bouth l! qu'll
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     b nlrrnult, letrorh~ . II tul ar-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     th·al&. mlome de ae r.Jilre • rorri-
                                    JOUVt'nlr de cette journft', 11 lui                                                                                                                                                                                                                              l•r •· Un tel ruhn• avail IIAf
les arm~s.                          nmct un \'olUme. d.,..t~ac:~ Pill'                                                                                                se marie dans la petite       r, 'Imperiale                                             Le Conseil (rE ta t                    pa.r f or cer t DPI.>f(l('be u. pbl-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     tosophl,., n tU!SliWt •'ftre ri~­
                                    Urrlllo, do .:euvno du p•lntre de
            Bole de                      Montmartr e,
                                                                                                                                                                         eglise du village      esl     condiUDnee                                               « blanchit »                        cnE.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ~l ah, le Jt ma.J d untn, reve-
                                          En quelques mota le aouveraln.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             nant Clo '"" tra.vall, 11 trO<R-a
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Il l!!t probable qu'il• pren-
        Ia capllale                      dana un t~ls par[all, r~cte
                                         M Lalay et tous lt'O J'arll1ens de                                                                                                 de Castries       droicnt le mt!tro. Tout au mains                                   le profes~eur                       \lm~ llt'IArudte au d llllllrlle <Oft-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Jur.ol anc Wtlr"nd. • •tto le>lt.
                                         l*Dt'C::\letl qu'tl$ lui ont -:ret.t>rve. evo..                                                                                                      s'y e~Fnyeraient-ils. On n vu ce                                                               c•oo ~111.11 u ~p. notu uoha l'ell
  A     l'lnterieur du    tMllLre,   les quanl • ea \oisltes        ant~rl•uret~
tl'omopettc:s de Jn cavoterie son- cellet. plus recentes. mala trop 1'&-
                                                                                     et
                                                                                                                                                                           MO~'TPELLIER, 30 octobrc
                                                                                                                                                                                                           qu'lt "" t!tAit en 1945 et 19-1.6                     Louis Rougif'r              prlt. an plom blrr. l is rn • 1n rent
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              l\UX tOU.LJ~, ~t l'aidC• IOICDC:IIf t 'D
                                                                                                                                                                                                           avnnt que l'on eilt retabli le5 ser-
naieot, pour accentuer le carac- pld ... • son ~;, . .i FlinJ, A l'lnstitut
                                       Pasteur el ~u Mus<-e du Louvre.
                                                                                                                                                                     d•'                       >.
                                                                                                                                                                             c (>Cch~ particuliere         VJCe$ d'autobu< ; en un :tour, ll         l~ Conseil d'Etat a nnnul6 un ar-        rr~ut n bonne !J&rt.
t~~ ~olennel de celte entm.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Ls nnit P"'""- All matlA, ll•la-
                                                                                                                                                                  lLI.E alnee du due de Cas- r<'Ut' ~poque. on a comple ju..- r~t~ du mlnbltre de I'Educa.Uon na-
   Aprk qur le souvernln, M . et d t'ol  A 12 h. ~~- l'empcreur le prbl-
                                                de Ia Bl'publlq'ol•, 'lit, Latay,
Mme Rene Coty et le due de lOI. rtron el Le buruu du conun
Rarrar eurent pr~ place dans Ia municipal, aulttent J'HOtel de VIlle
                                                                                                                                                                      F
                                                                                                                                                                   trlf'S. trememe du nom et qu'l c:i~ million• d'enlr~!<.
                                                                                                                                                                   petite  n.ii!ce  du gt':nloral, :11.'1-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ·
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                1a)·a.nl
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  t.lonate, en dal<! du 23 jullJet 1941.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          pronon"'    Ia
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Le m t~ ~rle aetu~Ue- d'oftlre de )o(. LoW. Rou;lu, pro-
                                                                                                                                                           .ol ;:~c Castries epo\Ue aujourd'hui. ~ent un mtlllard vmat-hult mU- , .._ur A Ia. F ...:utt6 des lA!ttres de
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         mlt~  i  Ia ~tralte
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              roebe,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             deux
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             fnnme
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        prt'lttllt son eoura1e l
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ~. au n'prodler • p
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         son lncondz:ll.&'. Ma l 1111
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             t'D prll : Mme V tbrocba a'artal-

loge oCCk'ieUe, un ravi.ssant l]lec- pour 11-.ner !'hOtel de Lau:wn, qual                                                                                  dan s Ia pet.te ~glise du village de lion~ de voya(eUf' par an. ll au- B~S&Il~on.                                                  ralt a.lo ra t. aon , ,......,... 5'em-
tac:Je de bollela - Le~r lndts Ga- d'Anlou. oli. le menu auh•ant Ies                                                                                       C'ast~ICll. & quelques kllom~tre)l de rait quelque peine fl en accueillir                 .Le prof••!eur R4uct~r. qut aecom-      parant d•un f P f ehaud, elle ftn -
lantes c-t Ehu.les, de Hnrold Lan- attend :                                                                                                                MontpeUier. le baron de Vitrolles.
                                                                                  Au coun de Ia reception orpn1see hier i l' hot el Criilon, l'e111,.,eur Agee de 19 ans, Nicole de Cartries 82.7               mllllona de plua.                 plt~aatt una mla.~ion en Grand•·Bt<'-      ta,   lDdU; nie. d~e n u'ctmnaar re
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                u l l m pudr:nt, D tl<aroc.b" pot
der - rut Joul\. A l'l'ntracle, Balh!                                                                                                                                                                         n n'y a PIIS long-temps, lea ser- t.agne a.U dfbut de Ia guer~. krtrit ! m.                   ~oups. Ce que \ oyant,
                                            Turbot soulfit amlral. C l rue de d'Ethiopl. a lonsuement converse avec Mme                   Mendes - P-ee. \·ient lL 'p eint' de t:lire Jon entree vi~ lnt4!resses ont pointe les par J& auh• un U-.re : c lo1laalons .e- 1 lillie Irs         parrr
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       T>tlarocbe -pooa son tu,
seJ.a...'3ie, 1.. presment d~ 1a Repu-   ~h..vr••ul Gra.od Veaeur. Bri<Kbe
                                                                                                                                                           dame   le  monde    . .Elle n'n  qUltt~ le passaaes entno 17 h. 20 et 18 h. 30 rrlt..s l Lonoirf'<o :t, qui mu~lta dn             mal•    u.Wt    b quru" d 'lmr            c:u••-
bl ~que 4.'1 M. :\Ieud"-France appa-     fe COlt' 1ru a ll X tru. Sda clt' Lo- ; -- - -- - - - -- -- - -- - - - - - - - --                                 cou~ent que le 1er julllct demler, &l'tmu,. dt l'Op6ra (en direction eommentAl"-' I'U!'lonn~. (II a!llr-
                                         nttf. Fromacu. Guco du Uldb.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        role d 'rau b o11.fiJ;uJ1e q a"dle n-
rurent ('n haut du ltl'llnd HC:alier                                                                                                                                                                       du   Palab-Royal).   lls ont  d~nom- malt r~x1Bte1101 d'acronb P~tAin­            tollmll    IRlr  b nuq 11.e d r aoa ad-
                                         TtUIUt'Lh.
el f n"L'IIt !"objet d'une 0\>aUoo
dp. ~ateun.
   Ce malin a 10 heures, le mo-
                                            ' t ontruhot ~!M7 cloa d ·E•tour-
                                         Jirl t$%6. Gra:Ad P ommanl 1926.
                                         lb~mll:tfn • Lauson llrl•t 1~1 •n
                                                                                           Un nouveau vaccin                                                  ~ baron dr VitroDes hablte bre 3..<13 l'Ottures psrtlculi~ et Clmr<bltll.
                                                                                                                                                           Aix-en·P rovvncl!. 11 est l'h ...ritier ; 35 autobua; or eellts-ll transpor-              R~ttr~ l ~·w-York J>•ndant l'oc-
                                                                                                                                                           d'un<' ltl'lmde famille du Dauphl- , tall·n~ une moyenue dl' 1,8 per- cupatlon. II rut accus6 d'a,·olr t:'~
                                                                                                                                                           nl! Srn arriere-J(rand-pht>. F.u- IIKlllnes chacune, co qui r t>prtll!Pnte Yorl•4 I• P<>ll ttqu: PxVrleure u
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ~rr aalr•. Quand Ia custrole f nl
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             vld o, M. D~la roc hr, lt urbll~ de
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             doulrur, n •f' ut. PhlS qu'A aa•ptltr
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             l':t.mb u lan c~. C"est !!Ut' llflB li t df'
n arque et son t!ls ont vlslte
I'InstltuL Pasteur, s~ BOnt Inclines
lltlr Ia tombe du grand &a\•ant et
                                         Jerubvam .
                                                                                            antidiphterique                                                geni.'-F'ran(Oi~ d'Armand. baron t. peu prol.s '100 passagers au total, go•n•rr n.,rnont dr \t~hy,
                                                                                                                                                           ron tic! \'ltrollel", cbanlle::l le coun landis QUI' ceu:x-d aval,.nt ab-                Ma~ le co~ll d'F.tat a c:onclu que
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ;loutc ur q D'II d~,·att porter plaln-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             tr,   assu rlllll en our.re q uo lea
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             coup• lllJ vnaU'e n (tu Ia nllle

                                                                                           mis au point par le nr Fleming
                                        Sous           les      ponls                                                                                      de- l'tlistolre. C'est lui qui en 1814 10rb6 1.~ voyagi'UfS, e'm-l-dlre l'aceullatlon purt~ contre 1111 d'uolr
~ sont 1nthe~ daDJ les labo-                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  4r   Weiland avat.-nc l'lltr.ala~ I•
                                                                                                                                                           dkida en ell~ Je t-ar et ses alUt<s deu x Col~, plus t'1l ctn:ulant dlx I ~ l'•rt~rt d• gue!T1) aUI6 "t                           r<'ton r d 'II.De ht'nlle d.bp:ar11.e de~
tairf'S, au mlc:~ 6Jectronique
qul leur a i)C!rmis de volr des ,;_                de Paris                                                                                                a
                                                                                                                                                           Wne
                                                                                                                                                               rdablir-    Lotm      XVIII    mr     Je    Cola moln~                           ' d'a YOfr  tentt  d'111t•n'1!nlr  dans
                                                                                                                                                                                                              - Mal~ voua ollbllt:"Z de parter coiiTt'l'Mllons dlplomaUqu~ ,...poaa.tt
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        des  pub du IUUl~h.
rus, lm•ls:lbll'~ a"""t l'inv.,ntlon                                                  IR  ALEXA.'\'l)ER FLEMI   NG,   c  pour  mif'UX  ttavalller • toutes                                                 d t' l'a lte- d'encombrem!'llt, dJra- aur a~.ll rattJI lnua•t.s.
de eel appare1L                          Cet     aprb·mldt, 1  15  h 1  10.
                                       J>•reur H le pr~•ldent d'l Ia R~pu­
   A 11 h. 3D, l'empert:-ur arrive il btlC{u•, t.~Uittant l"hOII•I IAurun,
                                                                            l'em-
                                                                                           S
                                                                                       lnvcnteur de In pO.:nicllllne, Ec s !onct ioM otncielleJ,
                                                                                       qu~   la Fra!lce r cceva!t
                                                                                                                                                              Le IPtvice reli!tleux est pre- t-on.
                                                                                                                                                           ~~d~ par Ml!r de Prevenchere•, ar-
                                                                                                                        - J e ~uls venu \ Pnr19. nous che'·~que d'Alx. Arle.• •·l Ambnm.                      Pour une anto dl' p b8,11t
l'H6tel-di'-Vme, dkore des dra- mun l~nt l bord d u c Bortl~F...,tl­ t rlumphul<>ment au lendP.tnain <1e a-t· •l d4!clare. pour usister nux Lt'1 t tmoln. s.ont, pour Ia !a- moy•n. l'nlr4' de dt\plnaement est
peaux Hhlopiens et Crar.calL De ~)1 •· doni Mme R~.n6 Col)' • t Ia Ill guerre, ~ ·t ;\ nou\ cau l'h6tt' tfloVllttx <'u Consen des oJ'I'II)Jsa- mlllro de C rtri~                                           de :12 mHt't'S carre 67 ton t!'n&nt
                                                         b t         ontourna
                                                                                                                                            \


                                           --
                                          --    0


                                                                     /   -~~~~~-~~_o'r-tal-tu_"_                her--:"ll:--1_ _ _--.~,.../
                                                                                              hom_m_e.-II-bro-no-=


                                                                            f/ .


                                                         4'>'\.1).                 -   C'ut bien   tol qui me disalt   qu'll' su·alrnt un   sen.s
   -   \·ou• tombf1. 11 plr I Ju•temrnt Je f<'u ,.,.rt
\'OU8 all~r uou" donnrr un ruup dr main.
                                                         "'t drtraque L-c._
                                                                       ~    alcu de lo. clvlllsa.llon.
                                                                         _ _ __
                                                                     b


                                                                                                         \\


                                   ~:!o\on.,sl tut·sun homme_!-~-~-
     OICI peut.etre le veritable portt'·parole dea Terrlena.
 V     L'alr ulme et pondere de cettf' crbture lnaplre la
      conllanee en son ju(emtnl. On It dnlnr !lain, ~qui·
tlbri, pOA edanl l'Pqulvalent de la SI(CSAt d'un 'l'itux mar•
lien. Nn'J ldenux rommun11 noll!! rapprochrront, tn dipit
des diJrkuJtes qu'auront DO$ diplomate!O a falrr admettre
le ceremonial en u-aJe cbt'Z nou~ . Nos t'D'~'OYU s'adapte·
ront 'itt' au't eoutumes de leurs lntrrlocuttur• terrestre1.
                                                                                            ,


   Devant nou1, un £tre bouce. Notre apparell approche de lui, lentement. U fait
ven nou• un cute. A tout ba.ard, noUI braquon• le plstolet atupUadtour. A-t-ll Vllulu
nou1 ..luer, nou1 menacer? Par me1ure de prudencl', oous repartona, 1an1 le ••,·otr.


                                                                                        •
    Letterdated 11th December, 1954, from llr. Crocker to
Minister    reflying saucers, etc .
     Sent to Sir Ian Clunies Ross -   11
                                           You may ca re to see 11 - 29/12.
                                                           RGC .
                                     RGC/CVH
I
                                        --
          PERSONAL
          -------                                              xx:xxxxxxxxx
                                                      Coaco~ealth Offices ,
                                                      Treasury Place,
                                                      Jffii,BOlJRliE, C. 2.

                                                      6th Doee:nber , 1954.


                                     Enny thanks indeed for your letter of
                     November 25th, 1n which you were good enoueh to analyse
                     Keyhoe •s book and to give oe your viows on it.    It
                     was very good of you to hove eono to all this trouble
                     and both my uife ond I lmve read your letter with the
                     greatest interest.    It puts Keyhoe •s theories into
                     proper perspective - and I can woll believe that your
                     reaction to it is tho right one - althoueh it recoves
                     o ra thor romantie conception that bad intrigued both
                     cy ife and myself.

    ---                             I am returning herewith the tao
                     photographs that you wore good. enough to oncloso to
                     me with your letter, as you may need them. again.

                                     Bo doubt you nlll let me know rJhen you
                     reach tho next stage 1n respect of your ra~king
                     l1ork, which I need not tell you I continue to bo most
                     interested in.
                                    With bost :~ishes to you     -   I am,
                                                  Yours sincerely ,
                        •

                                                          R.&.C.

                                                    (R. G. CASEY) .


                     Dr. E. G. Bowen!
                     Chief ot the D vision of Radiophysics ,
                     university Grounds,
                     pxp mx.   n.s,u.
                                       CO MM O NWEALTH   .~~~
                                                         ~
                                                                OF AUSTRAL<A


                      COM MONWEALTH SC IENTIFIC AND INDUSTRIAL RESEARCH ORGANIZATION

                                           DIVISION OF    RADIOPHYSICS

TlLIGRA MI   C.OitEICA IIC:M   IYDNU                                           UNIVERSITY GROUNDS.
                                                                                  SYDNEY. N .S W
tttn• ro
                                                                      25th November 1954
  The Rt . non . 11. 0 . casey , o·:, CH , P'30 , He ,
  Minister in Charge of c . s . I . n . o .,
  co~nonwealth Offices ,
  Treasury Place ,
  MELBOURl"W , c . 2 , Victor'~a .
                                                                      I    RECEIVED --,
                                                                               2 9 NOV 1954        I
  My Dear Minister ,
                                                                       MINISTER'S OFflf"

             I found the book by Major Keyhoe intensely amus ing
  and entertaining and read it right through practically without
  stopping. I must say , however , that I am far from convinced
  by any of the anecdotes or argwnents . The fact is the author
  is trying very hard to support his thesis with very inad.equ&.te
  evi dence and throughout the book his main aim in life seems to
  be to trap the Air Force into saying something they obviously
  were not going to say .
              I want to deal ~t length with some of the evidence
  gi ven in the book, but before doing so perhaps I should outline
  a fev1 Pht:momcna which we .1r.vc had experience of in this Laboratory
  which are relevant to the whole problem.
       (1)                As you well know , there are a whole range of
                     atmospheri c reflection phenomena in which it is
                     possible to see mock suns , sun dogs etc . c..s a result
                     of the bending of light waves or reflection from ·water
                     drops or ice crystals suspended in the atmosphere.
                          A good exampl e of this sort of phenomenon occurred
                    during an experiment we performed near nowra a few
                    years at;o. It happened towards the end of a rainmaking
                    experiment in which a cloud was seeded with dry ice.
                    The cloud rained out and disappeardd, leaving a thin
                    layer of ice Cl'ystals in the atmosl h .... re . These were
                    quite invisible viewed from above or below and we only
                    knew they were there by flying through them. From 4 , 000
                    Ol' , OCO feet above the crystals , loolting in the direction
                    of the sun , a very strong reflection of the ~un could
                    be seen as shown in the uttached photograph. This was
                    exceedingly bright , was saucer-s haped and ·noeuvred
                    about with the aircraft . If we had not lmown what was
                    going on i t would have been ve1•y easy to imagine that
                    we Her•e being folloned ar•om1d by a stranee device .
      (2)                It is a very common thing to obtain radar reflections
                    from meteor a when they enter the earth ' s atmosphere
                    ond there is now an extensive li terattn•e on the subject .
                    They usually range in hei;ht from 40 to 80 miles and
                    have a wide rang·e of speeds around 5 or 10 mileo a
                    second. A typical photogra ph on a heieht - time scale
                    (obtained by the canaaians) is attached. These are
                    real visitor::: from outer spuce and ther·e is no mystery
                    about thut they consist of or how they behave . In the
                    particular case of this photogPaph the rmrt i cle responsii,le
                    was probably no hie~~;er than a grain of sand or a t;;reen
                    pea.
      (3)                As you have pointed out so clearly, vist1nl sightings
                    of meteors and meteo1·i tes are not \.mcommon and many
                    alleged saucer sightings , as for example the recent one
                                - 2-

        observed by a football crcmd in Italy , ccme into
        this category . As f'ar as one can judge ~rom the
        newspaper re~orts , this nas a ~retty exact description
        of a group of meteorites , including the cloud of dust
        \'lhich is sooetimes left as a 1·ezult of the disintegration
        of the particles .
  {1)        There are a large number of radar- echo phenomena
        which can m'ise from refraction or reflection of' radio
        waves in the atmosphere . A typical example o~ · ·.~ s is
        describad in the attached letter from the R. A. A. , .
        Home connno.nd. The explanation in this case is tn'lt
        signals from a radar set on the grourd 'b ~eflected
                                           - ®1~
                                       - -

        from a low-lying temperature inversion , giving echoes
        from e;round objects at J. \thich have the appearance to
        the radar operator of being in the air at B. This
        phenomenon is quite fre~uent on summer afternoons in
        coastal areas of New 3outh '/ales and was extensively
        investigated towards the e:nd of the war.
          These are only a few examples of atmOSI)heric phenomena ,
which I have picked simply because ,,.e have had direct and recent
experience of them • . It would be quite easy in all these cases
to interpret the observations as due to some strange visitation .
           Turning now to some of the exwnples given in Keyhoe ' s
book , I found them unconvincing and deficient in fact in
many cases. For example -
  (1)        The mysterious device described on the bottom of
        puge 46 which "flashed by 11 the control Tower at
        Hnmilton Field at a speed estimated at between 1000 and
        1500 miles an hour. It is quite possible that a space
        ship might have a soundless propulsion system , but it
        is quite impossible for a solid body to puss through
        the atmosphere as fast as that without producing shock
        waves and a pretty devastating noise . There should at
        least be some broken Ylindows around to show ~or it ,
        but the traffic control men appear to have heard nothing.
        I think therefore that either their height estimate was
        badly in er·•or and hence their estimate of speed and
        distance or , <-,a is more likely , they did not see a
        material body at all but some kind of reflection phenomenon .
  {2)         Keyhoe makes a great deal of the aighting by two
        Pan- American pilots near 'Tewport News on page 58 . As
        in the Hrunilton Field case , this is an exa~ple of a
        device travelling at r.1ore th~·n lOCO miles an hour at
        a height of 2000 feet . The most obvious result of such
        a passage would be the noise it would make together
        with a certain amount of ground damage along the track.
        None of this appenrs to have happened and it seems
        therefor'e as if the sighting must have heen an optical
        reflection effect .
  {3)        The observation at V'/hite Sands Guided Missile Base ,
        on page 46, of a disc travelling at 18 , 000 miles an
        hour 56 miles above the earth tallies exactly with a
        meteor phenomenon.
                                    - 3-

    (4)         The reference to green meteorites observed
          'in New nexico is very misleading . These were the
/          subject of quite extensive and open investigation
          and it happens that some of my friends were involved.
          There was no question but that they were meteorites ,
           the only unusual point being that they v1ere green .
          This suggested that they were of different chemical
           composition from the average run of meteorites , hence the
           careful watch &nd the efforts which were nade to dig
          one out of the ground.
    (5)         In nearly all the descriptions reference is made to
          the wobbling or shimmering of the saucers as they
          r10ve along. This is very characteristic of refraction
          phenomena in the atmosphere and suggests that this is
          the explanation .
    (6)        I found the reference to nr. Markowitz on page 151
          to be a frighti~lly distorted piece of logic . Any
          scientist would admit the possibility of inter-stellar
          flight . The fact that he then observes a body in the
          solar system which he cannot identify does nothing to
          prove that space travel is taking place.
    (7)         Broadly speaking , I found all the radar sightings
          referred to in the book quite unconvincing . J.!ost of the
          phenomena described read exactly like refraction
          phenomena , arc. \1toll v..nown to most radar people and can
          be readily oxpl~ined in terms of atmospheric conditions.
          ~le Here all confused by this       .ind of thinl5 in the early
          days but quickly learnt to recognize the abnormal
          effects . There is always a burst of unidentified echoes
          when new operators are put on to a radar set and I
          suspect , with all due respect to the people concerned,
          that the large number of such reports in the post -war
          period was due to the compa1•atively large number of
          trainees who found themselves for the first time with
          highly complex military or civil equipment .
    (8)        Similarly with the visual sightings . As the author
          rightly states , th ··re hove been re )Orts of strange
          flying machines in the sky for several hundreds of years .
          The optical phenomena responsible are more easily seen
          from aircraft than they are from the .;round and the
          increasing number of reports in recent years is probably
          due to the vast increase in flying and therefore in the
          number of people likely to sec such phenomena.
    (9)        One thing which I most decidedly cannot understund
          is simultaneous visual and radar sightings of high-speed
          objects in the lower atmosphere. In the upper utmosphere ,
          of cOUl'SO , meteors are seen simultaneously ~~Y eye and by
          radar. In the lower atmosphere it is also possible
          to get simultaneous sightings of olm~-moving objects
          like a balloon or a small cloud.giving rain . But there
          is no ready explanation of hi~h - speed objects noving
          in the lower atmosphere both tracked by radar and seen
          by eye .
                  ~he only dencription I can recall or a case of this
          l!..ind is that of a B- 29 crew on page 1-1'1. The description
          of what went on inside the aircr ft roads exactly like
          what the R.A.A· F· call "finger trouble" . The 'lCC)unt of
          individual echoes merging \'lith a 11 half - inch spot on tl1e
          scope" moving at 5 , 000 miles an hour is very r:mch what
          happens with an abnormal refleution phenomenon .
          Incidentally , a half-inch spot on the cathode ray screen
          would coi·respond to an object about t\tenty miles in
          diameter. If this uere a space ship, a very ordinary
          radar set \."Ould detect it ·:~hen i t was about half woy
          to the moon and at night the astronomers could see it
          even ful'ther .
                              - 4-

          Turnin · now to some nore general considerations on
the whole problem of saucers.
  (1)         I know many of the scientists concel'ned \lith
        defence matters in the United States and know thau 1 .. uey
        completely discount the suggestions made in Keyhoc; S
        book. I also know several of' the canadians , · ut - .... o
        not know ·/. B. Smith . Eis ideas on 1•otatinz    gnets are
        \lild in the extreme and I susvect from his u .. ncr
        ans :e1•s that he is either being misreported or is a
        l'uther irresponoible .c her of the scientific cornmuni ty .
  (2)         Tl1ere are a '1U :'her of refer•enecs in the book to
        scientific matters , for example radio ast1•onomy , in 'lhich
        ~he facts are not t..t u.ll cleurly brought out .    Instead
        they are f;i ven in un obsettre way \Jhich implies that ~hey
        support ~he atlthor 1 s contention . por example , on the
        bottom of page 159 and the top of page 160 he tries
        to illlply that the source of radio signals received from
        outer space is unkno\'Tn and he quotes Grote Reber and
        Hanbury BroVJn in support . It hu!)peno that Reber is
        here in the Laboratory at the present time and Hanbury
        Brown is a very old friend of mine and I am sure they
        would be horrified to see this . The fact is that the
        signals received are random noise and carry no intelligence
        in the usual oense of the term. From the character
        of the signald , uowever , it is possible to know pretty
        precisely ho l tt.ey o1•iginate and from whex·e they come .
        They come ei tt1er from thermal processes or from randan
        go.s discharge phenomena and certainly not from any ordered
        motion like that in a radio transmitter. Prom the form
        of the signals it is poAsible to measure the temperature
        of the source and in one special case it tells us a great
        deal about the distribution of hydrogen atoms through
        our galaxy , their velocity of approach or recession , and
        so on .
  (3)        I think it is inconcJivable Lhat beings who were
        sufficiently advanced to indulge in space travel
        would not use light and radio w ves for signalling and
        navigation purposes . If they uid , it is also
        inconceivable that they would have gone undetected.
        considerinp- that we have no difficulty in detecting
        and identifying the racUatj on from hydrogen atoms
        floating around at the far end of our galaxy ·hen they
        have a density of about only 1 per cubic inch , it would
        be quite easy to receive any kind of signal sent from
        a space ship.
  (4)        I find it si _snificant tbat no radar echoes thought
        to be from space vessels have been received from
        outside the earth 1 s atmosphere. prom their very nature
        space ships would have to spend a fair amount of time
        just outside our atmosphere befo!'e entering and the!'e
        are radar sets which are easily capablo of etecting
        them doing this . strange reflections have , in fact ,
        only been received from inside our atmoophcre end this
        makes it likely that they are due to meteors or to
        refraction or reflection effects .
  (5)        I agree that the Air Force huvo not behaved
        particularly well on this question . Hany of the early
        sightings were of " sky- hook11 balloons 1hich were being
        sent across the United states at heights of 100 , 000
        feet for meteorological purposes . This was well knovm
                             - 5-

      to a great number of people but fo~ some reason
      the Armed Sei·vices wanted it k~:;Jt tJ secret . Although
      I do not have the evidence to hand , I believe it is a
      fact that the death of captain Mantell took place when
      he tried to chase a balloon which was actually at
      100, 000 feet and moving at 200 to 300 knots . The
      crash was simply due to the fact the he went up too
      high and ran out of oxygen . The story v1as classified
      in the fii•st :plc..ce to conceal the existence of the
      balloons and the Air Force were reluctant to say anything
      about it subsequently because of the futility of the whole
      episode . There was also a certain amount of inter-Service
      friction , as the balloon r1as actually released by the
       Navy .
          In conclusion I would give as my own view the one
which has been suggested many times before , namely that the
whole thing can be put down to hysteria and mass suggestion .
People certainly see phenomena which they cannot explain. In
the old days they put it dovm to witches and sorcerers ; now it
has simply changed to saucers from outer s~ace . In this respect
books like that of Kcyboe will , of course , c..o a great deal of
good. Like people 'I o - ed to . ,. "'edict the end of the earth ,
they build up suspenoc , ake out , as he does , that 1954 is the
fateful year - and t'1en nothing happens .      ,he public gradually
becomes disillusioned and forgets the whole thing. This , I think ,
is what will happen in the present case. There will , no doubt ,
be saucer scares in othEJr parts of the world but I doubt \thether
we will hear much more about them from the u.s .A.

                           yours sincerely ,


                                   (E.G. BOWen)
                               CHIEF OP THE ::JIVISION
                                         Parliament House,
                                        CANBERRA.    A. C. T.
PERSONAL                                23rd November, 1954.


         Thank you for your letter of 16th November
in reply to my enquiry about possible reports of
flying saucers in your area. I have appreciated your
looking into this matter for me and will be interested
in any future reports you might have that are relevant.

                                            R.&.c.


His Excellency Dr. E.R. Walkor,
Australian Ambassador to Japan,
TOKYO.
                                                                  AUSTRAJ..IAN HIGH COMMISSION.
                                                                            NEWOEJ..HI .


                                                                     18th }';ovel!lber, 1954·


                                   Thank you for your lettcr of 9 November
                    regarding flying saucers.
                                    1.s a matter of fact there has recently
                    been e. series of reports about flying saucers fr<n
                    several parts of India and I put aside for you a number
                    of newspaper cuttings on them.      I naw discover that
                    they were "cleared am~.y11 a couple of days ago by a new
                    servant 'When clea.ni.ng my office and have disappeared.

                                     I w.i.ll see Bhatnagar, or Krishnan, or other
                    Indian scientist~as soon as I can and ask them ~t they
                    make of the matter.    J.s you say, it does seE:Ii1 that a
                    proportion of the "unexplained object3" are in fact
                    "unexplained" on any rational hypothesis.


       --
             ~
(~~ (J.n ~,'ol c

       ~ l-~~r'\1
                    The Rt· Hon. R. G. Casey,
                       C. B., D. S. O., M. C., M. P.,
                            Minister of State for External Affairs ,
                                CAlrnE:RR..~,   A. C. T. ·
                                            NOVEMBER. 18, 19:>-t
    ·'
~· 'lFlying Saucer" Mystery
l Is Still Talk Of Town
         CONTROVERSIAL VIEWS                             ON
            THE PHENOMENON
               "The- Timr      of India'' New" Srn ice
                                         CALCUTI'A'
  THE first authoritative report on the luminous object
       in the sky said to have been seen by a large number
  of people in different parts of West Bengal on the night
  of October 31 has sb1ce come from an officer who was
  on cluty at the time in the Dum Dum aerodrome Con~
  trol Tower.
     According to him, this M
  ''fiyin~ saucer" or "flying ;
  cigar' was a bright white ~
  ooicct with a long luminous n
  tatf of ~U'tused whl(e light. 'J"he
  oft\cf!r entered his obs~rvn.Uon c
  In the duty lor book and gave I·
  the phenomenon u belnlt about o
  .ftve miles away at ll helrht o! ],
  about 2,000 teet and travelling I
  11t an estimated ~~peftd ot about c
  ooo knou.
                                      l
                                        1
      Thla "brlg'lt whitt light," he
  turther stated, wu three to
  four times brighter lhnn an
  ~lroJOtl'a tall 11&".ht and \'llnllh·
  Nl fr(lm view In a hoie nfttr a
  minute. The omcel' M~lll'ted
  there was nothlnr erratic about
  Ita tll~;ht, the objl'd chnnK!n&'
  nelthcz height. dtrecllon nor
  eptoed.
     HI• description lereely tallies
• \\1th the accounta ~ven about It 1 ,
  by aome membera of the publll'
  In Calcutta. Deo,ll'har, Cooch Be· 11
  har and East Pnklslan
    Int"VIta'bly, the "tlyln~ aauc.
  ~r" 111 1.1\e subject or a 11po te ot 1
  gol!&lp In t~~am cars, b\VIOII, cot-I t
  fee hou11oa and omcoa. Tho eor- ,
  n•apondence eolumns ot local 1·:
  newspaper• also contain a nwn· 1
  her of letters !rom read~ra try· •
  lnlf to explain the phenoml'.non.
    TRP:ORV XOT ACCEPTED
     The Rtv. Father F. Goroux.
  who n1na a well-equipped ob·
  eervatory &t St. X11.vler'1 Col·
  lege, cnlcutta. 1111ld lh11t the ob·
  jec:t waa cer~lttl:v nol an a.stro- 1
  nomtcnl one. polnllmr oul that
  Ita tow &peed wu not <:omp&tt·
  bll'! with the movement ot an
  utronp~rleal object. Nor wu he
  lnellned to accept the theory of


  W. Bengal
        Newsletter '
  ..,......,.._-~                      ,
                                       t
 a "tlylnr saucer," rfTnarklnr: t
 "There might be acme amount
 ot unln1th or bluff In thtee re-
 f'Orlll." (In Italy one suc.-h hoax l
 haa t·f'sulled In a court caRe r
 hlunchl'd aga.Jnat a new~rpaper r
 rtoporter and a group of youths c
 "for ~p~lldlng f&!Be and Alarm- l
 1111; teports" about the landing ,
 or ,.Martians In a "flyln~r nue- 1
 er. ) •                               ,
     Mr. D. V. Rao, Barrtckpore p
 Metl'orolog'lcal 011\cer. hu etat·
 ed that In most eues popular IJ
 report• of "tl}1ng llaUC:f'.ra" may
 be explained away u "cont!en·
 qtlon trails" of alrrr11!l. The
 Ierrlne ~f'ed could a!Ro b11 8Jl
 "opt1c111 Illusion lndU<'I'd by what
 to I he nuked eye ls 11. domtt·lht\p·
,__ •
 f'rl lky."
..------ --   - - - -- - - - - -

                                                                                    · ·~
                                                                     OFJ'ICE; o .- •Hr       "'-.,
                                                                     M I NI T .. t-•


                                                                     tX T: ll'l.'   ,
                                                                                             ,.
                   PE! SONAL .
                                                                            AUSTRAI..IAN    EMBASSY.
                                                                                        TOKYO.


                                                                    16th November, 1954 .
                   ~/L~,
                              Thank you f or your letter of 9th November referring
                   to rPports from Italy about unexplsined sightings of flying
                   saucers . I have not so far heard anything of special interest
                   on this subject from the Ame r icans in Tokyo, but t he Italian
                   Ambassador, who has just returned here aft er a visit of s everal
                   weeks to Rome , tol ct me t here was no doubt whateve r in Italy
                   that niff erent narts of the country were being visited by
                   unexolained nbjects . He said that quite rPcently a football
                   match with several thousand snectat~rs in Florence was stopned
                   because of the appea r ance of the so- ca l led "flying saucers " and
                   there was no question whatever of the whol e cr owd being subj ect
                   to a ~ass illusion. Anparently these objects have been observed
                   to arrive at a narticular point, renain stationary in the a ir,
                   dena rt at great speed and a gain r eturn to the same neighbour hood .
                   In addition, the Ambassador said that traces of a substance,
                   which annea red to be glass fibre, ~ad been recovered fr ~ the
                   air after such annearances . He had not hi~self seen anything
                   of this kind .
                             There is no soecial talk about this matter in Japan
                   so far as I know , but I shall take any onnortunity of obtaining
                   further information.


                   The Rt . Hon. n . G. Casey , C. H., D. S. O., ll . C. , M. P .
                        Mini stPr f or External Affairs ,
                            C A N B E R R A.        A. C. T.
              SAUCERS


                           RGC/CVH
     ..
-·
                                             Commonwealth Offices,
                                             Treasury Place,
                                             Hfi!,BOURHE,       C.?,


                                             15th November, 1954.


                            I attach copy oro letter that I've
---        just written to Dowen, which I hope won •t lead you
           to the inescapable conclusion that I've gone nuts.
          However, 1r you get one or your people to get you
          copy or the book I mention, I reel suro you will at
          least be intricued by it - and you need never admit
          publicly that you've read 1t. And 1r you would
          care to make discreet -nquiries at the top end ot
          the 0 .s .A .F. as to whllt its all in ..n:td ot - I'd be
          very interested to lmow what they havo to say about
          1t 1n private, as apart i'ro:n tho obvious "attitude"
          that they have to observe vis-a-v1o tho public.


                                                Ra          ,. . v


          Mr. Lewis W, DoUglaa1
          Southem Arizona Bank and Trust Building,
          :rucsou.   ARIZONA.
                                        RGC/CVH


.PERSONAL                                               Co~~onr.cnlth   Off1cns , .
--------                                                Tl~n ur," Place,
                                                        l~Rounrm ,    c.~~c.a


                                                        15'th J;ove bor, 1954.


                            l nm sendinG you copy or a s~all book under.
            sopo.rot.o oovcr.    You ·~1 probObly hnvo o i'it rhon you see
            i.t.   It 1a c:.~UO(l "Flying Snuccra from outer Spaca 11 •
            Tho cover ic enoueh to put anyone orr.       I~ ~uo eiven to
            mo - nnd I hnd the ereatest roluctonco cvon to start it,
            but I tound thot l benama strnnncly 1ntorasted in it .
               ybc you ould have tho same experience.        Ono naturally
            reeards tho title uith ovary ocoptici:;c - ... f not -omcthing
             stronner.
                                 I have seen ono or t o official U.s. Ai:r
            Force st3te::tonts about "Uncxplflincd Air Objects", which
            are always cnrof'Ully ordod and aro at pains to e~-pla1n
            that the {!J:"e"'t~r part or the 11 s1ghti.nes" aro cxpl.ain:lblo
             s natural phcnooa"U! or on sor.1e other erounds .      But the
            1nrm·once iR that there is a         rcontage that u:oo not so
            explainable.      It is ith thi.s st:r.lll minority of those
            things that this tollcr.1 Keyhoo ao~ls in this book that I
            am sondinc you.       It oppC!lrs to be honestly \'1rittcn
            (cl thoueb ra thor jom•rutl1Gt1cal1y) - and ho quote a a
            nultibor or Pentagon people by naco - not thnt thoy endorso
            bin t.heoryhbut thc~r never wipe it Ol" 1ndoo:l evan diacour.t
            the poasib 1ty ot it.
                                Anyhcm, I think you till not be as nausoated
            Tlhen you reed the bool:, as you n1ll undoubtocUy bo from
            the lool: of tho covor.
                           - nd ouhan rou hn va read 1 t - 11' you can
            br1nfl yourself to do so - I 'd be interested to knacr your
            rcnction.
                                I em,
                                                  Yours nincorely ,


                                                   ( R. G. CASEY) .


                E . G. Barren,
            Dt~ .
            Clliot ot the Division or Rad1opll)'.s1ca ,
            c.s.x.n.o.,
            University Grounds,
            SXQ lh'Y ,   N, S ,V1 ,
       RGC/EW


                                                                 ac.2.•


          Ju t
27 h   tobor.


          I • U reply to t:t     oth r princi           1       t r
tn your 1 ttcr      oon        I coo.
          In     to, rli.tb    0       t w1   OD -

                                   l
                                                     1nc    11'•
                                                     R.es-.c.
                                                 (n. G. CASEY)
                               Oui~       , C.B.E.,
                   r to Italy,
                                                        - - - - - - - ----..-
                 FLYINS SAUCERS

Same ~t t er t o Offi cer, Mcintyre, Copland,
     ~            McClure Smit h , Walker
                                         RGC/EW


                                                             sury Gardena•
                                                             oumm.      c.2.
                                                       9th    OV~   b r 1954
               Correspondence to Mr . Tange with c/s


                           I ttach copy ot utroct from a er onal
                 lett r to e ~rox:r Paul CcGuir in nome. It nll
                 sounae rather trangc and one 1a naturally inclined
                 to b quit sceptic l - dthougll ther aee a to be
                  o    vidence t hat a proportion of the "unexplained
                 obj ate" re in f ct aunoxpl in 4" on ony rational
                 hypoth eia . f.b1a ia just n not to    k if you hnv
                  noounter d any evidence or vien on this subject
                 h la y rcspone1ble end inform a p ople in your part
                 of tll   orla.


                                                        ({.&.C.
                                                         /


                 Hie Ezc llency  r. • • Crock r . t
                 Uigl Co 1 eioner fer Auatrnl1 •
                     l'EUII.
EXtract from letter from Paul UcGuire of 27.10.1 954 .
----------------- - ---------------
          I do not know what you he~r of flying-saucers.
Personally, I una born sceptical. But if they have no
physical reality, they ore certainly a !oliticnl and
psychological factor. The air here ialiied with them
or rumours of them. And both Mrs. Luce and her Air
Attache profeoa to take them seriously. She talked thea
here on Thursday at lunch. On Thursday evening at a
little dinner given on his birthday by the Air Attache ,
I sat next to her, she next to him. They went at it
solidly for two hours. The three or four Italians
(Foreign Ministry and Service) were pop-eyed.
          Cassady, the Air Attache , says flatly that ~he
sightings are constantly increasing and are up to 50
"unexplaineds" a week. The reports are now su:f"f'iciently
consistent to establish the prime type as cigar or clipped-
cigar shaped, about 70 metres long.    They are recorded by
various instruments, sufficiently to establish a physical
object: i.e. to reoove the assumption that they are all
effects of atmospheric disturbances, or such. lie says that
two senior Air Generals of the u.s. Forces have net a
saucer in flight. Mrs . Luce mentioned a third General.
She says that her brother-in-law saw one closely while
walking in new England, •ana he hasn't been the same m n
since"; though he refuses to talk for publication.
           Henry Luce held a conference of his editors lately
to decide whether they should make an effort to knock the
whole business on the head. His people said, "And how the
hell do you think you can do that? There's too much
evidence."
          Mrs. Luce and Cassady both said that whatever
is there does not belong to the U.S.A., and that no
scientists could yet produce the phenomona established, or
explain them.
           As I said, I was born sceptical and achieve
belief only by (I hope) rational processes . I am quite
incompetent to judge the technical pointe Cassady puts.
So I dismiss the question of the flying-saucers•
existence.
                                                      '
          But we cannot dismiss tolitically the fact that
Mrs. Luce and her Attache are ta king them.
          Krs . Lnce and Cassady may have some political
motive for lying. That I doubt . They may be deluded or
misled or fanciful (that is much more likely) . But,
whatever the cause , the fact is that they are talking here
of sauoors as established or near-eatabliohed realities.
          May I presume to suggest that other posts might
be asked whether Americans elsewhere are talking like
this •


   ..
                                          ~EG[IVEO
                                          2 • G f rg54
                                          IM~~l"'TER


                             M I N ISTER FOR EXTERNAL AFFAIRS


                                Parliament House ,
                                CANBERRA. A. C. T.

                                28th October, 1954.


 ~~~~
        I enquired about thie in u . s .A. -
and got the attached papers - which you
may care to look at.      I ' d be glad to have
back when seen.

                  Yours sincerely,


                         ----
The Honourable Athol Townley, M. P.,
Minister for Air and Civil Aviation,
Parliament House,
CANBERRA. A. C. T.


                                     1.
                                       CON Fl DENTIAL
       '   .          AUSTRALIAN JOINT SERVICE STAFF
  EXECU T IVE Ul-40
• EXT. 17
                                                                                 WASHINGTON 25. D . C .


                      OJNFIDbNTIAL                               Room 1435, Temporary 11 U11 Building,
                                                                 12th and Constitution Avenue , N.W.

                                                                                 ol•   September 1954.
                                                                 9/DEF

                      His Excellency,
                      The AustrAlian Ambassador,
                      cVo Australian Mission to the United Nations,
                      4510 Empire State Building,
                      New York , N.Y.


                           UNITliD STATES AIR FORGE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT PROORAMME

                                With reference to the telephone conversation of Sunday
                      evening last in which the !1Urrister for External Affairs instructed
                      me to arrange to o~tain information rel~tive to the above subject,
                      I have caused ef¥luiries to be made by the Air Attach! and I forward
                      herewith two copies of a release by the United States Department of
                      the Air Force . I consider this document to be most interesting and
                      informative and am sanewhat surprised that the natter has been dealt
                      w1 th so thoroughly and technically in an unclassified document. The
                      Air Attach~ was told that this was the latest information on the
                      subject, classified or unclassified, issued by the United States Air
                      Force .

                      2.        The United States J\ir Force have set up a special section to
                      deal with this matter, with headquarters at the Air Force Base, D~n ,
                      Ohio, at which reception, collation, and evaluation of sighting reports
                      :u-e continually going on, and I am arranging for any subsequent similar
                      publications issued on this subject to be obtained by the Air Attach!
                      and forwarded by him to the Air Board in Australia who, no doubt, wil l
                      keep the Minister for External Affairs informed on the subject.

                      3.         The United States Air Force hr.ve stated that these publications
                      issued from time to time are the only ones which they are prepared to
                      release ~s a result of general enquiry and h..ve intimated that should
                      more information be required, it would be necessary for us to forward to
                      them a detailed questionnaire in writing setting out exactly what we wish
                      to know, but they would give no guarantee that an answer to any individual
                      question l<lOuld be forthcoming even if it were available. Should it be
                      considered necessary for this more detailed inform~ion to be obtained ,
                      it is suggested that the Air Board in Australia be requested to prepare
                      a questionnaire and forward it for action to the Air At :~ch~ . The Air
                      Board will be better able to formulate and phrase technical questions
                      regarding the infonnation required and the United States Air Force, in
                      cor.rnon with other United States Services, prefer the erquiry to come on
                      a "need to know" basis froM the correoponding Service in Australia;
                      moreover, should any question of classified material beco11:e involved, no
                      risk is run by the method I have mentioned of violating the terms of the
                      United States- Australia Security .Agreenent.
               A


      T¢.~~
                             JU
                               ·<.o/f->q.C ONFIDENTIAL
. ."                            CONFIDENTIAL
       I   '
                                          2.


               CONFI:)BNTIAL


               4.       You will, no doubt , be aware that the Royal Air Force have
               set up a similar body in the United Kingdom to investigate these
               phenomena .

               5.       I should be grateful i f the enclosures to this letter could
               be conveyed to Mr. Casey.


                                                           /
                                                               f/
                                                            (D. H. HARRIBS)
                                                             Rear Admiral,
                                               lmAD , AUSTRALIAN JODIT 5mVI<E STAFF


               Enclosures (2)


                               CONFIDENTIAL
                         DEPARTloENl' OF THE AIR FORCE
                         Office of Public Information
                                 Hashington 25 , D.C.


            U. S . Air Force Summary of TO:vents and Information
            Concerning the Unidentified Flying Object Program.


          The Air Force feels a very definite obligation to identify and analyze
things that happen in the air that JDB.y have in them menace to the United States and,
because of that feeling of obligation and pursuit of that interest , the Air Force
established an activity known as the Unidentified Flying Object Program.

          This program was established in 1947 when unidentified flying objects
were being reported in various parts of the United States. The renorts of sightings
reached a peak of 1, 700 in 1952 and dropped to a total of 429 in 1953 .

           From a survey of the volume of sightings received by the Air Force , it
has been determined that over 80 percent are explainable as being known objects .
Generally, sighted objects fall in the category of : balloons , aircraft , astronomical
bodies, atmospheric reflections, and birds . All reports of unidentified flying
obje cts result from either radar or visual sightings .

          Explanations pertaining to sightinga reported from w.ili tary and
civilian radar facilities are as follows:

          1 . Temperature inversion reflections can give a return on a radar scope
that is as sharp as th""t received from an aircraft . Speeds of these returns report-
edly range from zero to fantastic r ates . The "objects" also appear to move in all
directions . Such sightings have resulted in many fruitless intercept efforts .

          To possibly bear out the theory of temperature inversion reflection is
an incident which occurred in January 1951 near Oakridge , Tennessee . Two Air Force
aircraft attempted to intercept an unidentified "object" and actually established a
radar "lock" on the object . Their altitu ·e at the tue was 7, 000 feet . The un-
identified object, according to their radar, appeared to be at an elevation of 10 to
25 degrees from this altitude . Three passes were made in an attempt to close on the
object . In each instance the pilots reported t hat their radar led them first upward
and then down toward a specific point on the ground . (One scientific theory holds
that light can be similarly reflected from a layer of warm air above the earth. If
this proves to be correct, many visual night sightings could be accounted for .)'

          2 . Ionized clouds have caused sol!l9 unidentified radar returns . Thunder-
storms are identifiable by radar and radar returns have also been received from ice
formations in the air, balloons , ground reflections, frequency interference between
other radar stations, and windborn objects . Obviously, such returns are very difficult
to identify, especially when they occur during darkness .

          3 • The radar screen has picked up birds and in one case a f l ock of ducks .
Flight interceptions proved these phenomena.

          An explanation of known types of visual sightings are as follows :

          1. Present-day jet aircraft, flying at great speeds and high altitudes ,
are often mistaken for unlmown objects by the untrained observer. Sunlight reflections
from the polished surfaces of aircraft can be seen plainly even when the aircraft
itself is too distant to be visible . The exhaust of jet aircraft emits a trail ~d
often this is seen rather than the aircraft itself .

                                                                              l-XIRE
           2 . Weather balloons account for a substantial m.nnber of sight:Lngs .
 These balloons , sent to altitudes of 40, 000 feet and higher, are launched from
 virtually every airfield in the country . T' ey are made of rubber or polyethylene ,
 swell as they gain altitude , have very good reflective qualities , carry small lights
 when launched after dark, and can be seen at very high altitudes .

           3. In addition to the ordinary weather balloon, huge 90-foot balloons ,
 which sometimes drift from coast to coast, are used for upper air research. These
 balloons also have a hir:hly refle ctive surface and are visible at extreme altitudes .

           4. Fre 0 uently , urrusually bright meteors and planets will cause a flurry
 of reoorts , soretil::es frO!" relatively experienced observers . At certain times of the
 year, Venus, for instance , is low on the horizon and will apooar to change color and
 move erratically due to hazy atmospheric condi tiona . Since the stars are charted
 and most of their characteristics '\mown, many casPs are traced to them . Meteors
 on the other hand are of rapid single-direction movement ahd are only visible for a
 few seconds . Meteor activity is more cornon at certain times of the year than others,
 and reports of UF0 1 s have shown a tendency to increase during these periods .

           5. SoJ'Tie cases arise which, on the basis of information received, are of a
weird and peculiar nature . The objects display erratic movements and phenomenal
speeds . Since maneuvers and speeds of this kind cannot be traced directly to aircraft,
balloons , or known astronomical sources , it is believed that they are reflections
from objects rather than being objects tbenselves . For example : suppose we would bold
a mirror in hand under a light, causinJ a reflection on the ceiling . Only a slight,
quick movement of the band would result in erratic Jr.ovements and phenomenal speeds of
the reflected beam. Peflections may be projected to clouds and haze both from the
ground and air . Many things \ofhich are common to the sky have highly reflective
qualities, such as balloons , aircraft, and clouds. Accurate speeds are also difficult
to determine due to the inability of the reoorter to judge distance , angles , and time .

           6 . Brilliant flashing lights that someti.Ines appear red and white in color
 have been reported by observers . This type has been traced to a new lighting system
of con:mercial airlines and military aircraft . Atop the tail section of these aircraft
 highly reflective red and white flasher type lights have been installed and are many
 times misinterpreted by the ground observer.

          In the analysis and investigation of the radar and visual sightings described,
there are some yardsticks which have been established from experience and trends to
measure and attempt to determine the source of UFO ' s . Some of these are general in
nature and are subject to change as new scientific and factual information is received .
It should be remembered that any object viewed from a great distance appears to be
round . Nearly all the sightings reported are described as round and would tend to
indicate that most of the objects are at a grePter distance from the observer than is
generally estimated.

          Another misconception centers about photograPhs of unidentified flying
objects . At best the majority of photograPhs have proven non-conclusive as evidence
to this progra.r: mainly due to type cameras used . Uso , it rJ.ght be mentioned that
because still photographs can be so easily faked , either by using a mock- up or model
against a legitimate background, or by retouching the negative , they are worthless
as evidence . Innumerable objects , from ashtrays to wash basins , have been photographed
while sailing through the air . ~y such photos have been published without revealing
the true identity of the objects .

          More attention is given to ~oving pictures of unidentified flying objects
since they are more difficult to retouch. Ho\o.'ever , only a very few movie- type films
have been received by the Air Force and they reveal only pinpoints of light moving

                                        - 2 -                              l-10RE
a-cross the sky . The Air Force has been unable t o identify the source of these lights
because the images are too small to analyze proper:cy . Since ownership of these films
remains v i th the persons taking them, the lir Force is not in a position to give them
out .

          The diff iculty of evaluating reports of all types is based large:cy upon
the lack of basic data surrounding tte sighti.ngs . The drop in sightings during 1953
is largely due to the increased accuracy and the completeness of reports being received .
To be of value, a report should include such basic data as size , shape , composition,
speed, altitude , direction, and the maneuver pattern of the objects . Without such
information, it is alFost impos sible to establish the identity of tte object sighted .
In addition , a recent study has shown a direct correlation between the number of sight-
ings reported 'lnd the publicity given to 11 saucers 11 by the nation ' s press .

           The Air Force took a further step in early 1953 by procuring Videon cameras
for the purpose of photographing this phenomenon . These cameras were distributed to
various mill tary installations . This type cBJOOra bas two lenses , one of which takes
an ordinary photograph, and the other has a diffraction grating which separates light
into its component parts . This aids in determining the composition of the obj ect
photographed . A. small ntmtber of photogr aphs have been r eceived from this camera;
however, on:cy light spots of no detail have been indicated in the photos to date .
As more photographs are taken by these observers , it is believed that a great deal of
the m;ystery will be lifted from the program.

8         The Air Force would like to state that no evidence bas been received which
would tend to indicate that the United States is being observed by machines f r om outer
space or a foreign government . ~lo object or particle of an unknown substance has been
received Rnd no photographs of detail have been produced . The photographs on hand are ,
at best, only la,-ge and small blobs of light vhich, in most cases, are explainable .
          It rr.ay be concluded from the above and from past experience that no new
significant trends have developed out of t l ese cases . There was an increase in uublic
interest which occurred simultaneously with tte publication of var· ous books and
articles on the subject ; however, this trend bas been noted several ti.Ires previously.

           In order to overcome the lack oi" basic data, and to standardize all reports ,
a detailed questionnaire is now submit ted to each person rtiporting an unide~tifie d
aerial object . It is felt that the information thus obtained will lower still more
the m.unber of unexplained sightings .

          For observers who wish to re~ort unidentified aerial objects, the Air
Force would welcome the information . Attached to this report is a brief basic summary
form . It would be appreciated if observers would send the completed form to the
nearest Air Force base .

          If and when new developments turn up in this prcgr am, the Air Force will
keep the public informed .


                                     - 3 -
    •   J

•
                               PIEA.SE SEND TO YOUR NEAREST AIR FORCE BASE
            '   .


                    DATE :--------------------------------------------------


                    TilE OF SIGJfi'Im : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

                       SIZE :------------------------------------------------

                       SHA~ : ----------------------------------------------
                       COMPOSITION : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

                       S~D : -----------------------------------------
                       ALTITUDE : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - --------------------
                       DIRECTION OF TRAVEL : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

                       ~~R PATrnffi~ : --------------------------------------
                       COWR : -----------------------------------------------

                       SOIDID: -----------------------------------------------
                       IEmTH OF TlliE OBSERVED : -------------------------------

                       SKY CONDITimlS : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

                       VISIBILITY : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

                       GROUND DIRECTION OF \-IDID : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


                    NAME , AGE , MAILnl'r ADDRE"S OF OBS~C.RVER : -------------------------


                    RE~~KS :   (Gener al description of what you saw) (use back i f necessary)
                                         CO M MON WEALTH   OF   AUSTRAL IA .
TI!I.IEPHON£ 1 7<10.
TELLGR.APHIC ADDRESs a
•• SOL.AR O B," CANBERRA.
                                                                               COMMONW EALTH OBSERVATORY,
                                                                                    MOUNT Sl'ROMLO.
                                                                                       CANB ERRA.

wo ..   DF.M/DM........,......... .                                            17th March, 1954 .

    Rt . Hon . R.G. Casey,
    Edington ,
    BER\VICK .   VIC .

    Dear Mr . Casey ,
              Replying to your telegram I quote D.H. Menzel ,
    Professor of Astrophysics at Harvard, in his book "Flying
    Saucers" (Put•allll 953) .
                              Of the early (1947) reports of " saucers", he says
        (p . l2) :-
                   "Most of the objects proved to be bright meteors . "
    or later reports he says (p . 256) :-
                  "Lost of the reported saucers are slowly moving meteors .
                  The Air Force official files contain many references
                  to some of the most commonplace fireballs .
                  Flyi ng- saucer enthusiasts have made much of an unusual
                  meteor display that occurred on 9 February 1913 .    A
                  great procession of slowly moving meteors moved
                  diagonally across the United States and Canada , from
                  Saskatchewan to Bermuda (Fig . 81) .   It caused, as usual ,
                  great consternation among the superstitious .    The
                  records clearly show that the objects , which various
                  people estimated at hundreds or thousands , were truly
                  meteoric , though they moved with exceptional slowness ."
              For your information I should add that a "fireball"
    in this context means Rimply a b right meteor . The shower
    referred to (9 Feb . 1913) is undoubtedly the Aurigids . These
    appear to be slow because they are overtaking the earth in its
    travel round the sun .
              I know Menzel well ; also F . L . Whipple of Harvar d ,
    who is one of the world ' s leading authorities on meteors . Both
    have access to the u.s . Air Force files on saucers .
               If there is any aspect of saucers and meteor s on which
   you would like more detailed information I would try to get it
   for you f r om one or other of these two scientists .

                                                           Yours sincerely,


                                                                ~ . Y7~
                                                           (D .F . Martyn) .             -
   P .s .           If you are inter ested in reading Menzel ' s book and
                    have any trouble locating it I ' d be very glad to
                    post our copy to you .
         '
                        EXTERNAL AFFAIRS.


             For Mr . Casey :

                           Press release on FlYing Saucers.

                              I was not satisfied with the cable that I got
             back from London saying that there didn ' t appear to be much
             sense in your statement, so I for\7arded a complete copy of it
             to Dr . Blount who is known to you and who is now No . 2 in the
             Department of Scientific and Industrial Research.
                               I have just had a letter from Dr . Blount and
             he forwarded your statement to a man called Mr. Turney of the
             Directorate of Scientific Intelligence , who deal s particularly
             in such matters .    Turney replies as foll ows :-
                                11 I have not previously seen the statement
                and I can find no trace of it or anything like i t having
                been received in D. S . I . from one of Brookes ' friends .
                                    Mr. Casey ' s statement is entirely sensible ,
                if not very original .  There is no doubt whatever that
                meteors or meteorites account for many, perhaps most , of
                the reported sightings of flying saucers at night ;   we
                have ourselves had a number of excellent exampl es in
                reports received from members of the public .   The apparent
                correlation between the sightings in Australia and periods
                of meteoric activity is interesting, though one is chary
                of accepting a correlation as significant ~dthout seeing
                the data on which it is based.   If the figures are
                available I should be glad to see them;   they might be
                useful in breaking up the waves of belief in the flying
                saucer myth which are occasionally generated ."
                              Dr. Blount says if we want to get in touch with
             Turney , his name and address is :-
                                    G. L. Turney , Esq. O. B. E.,
                                    Director ate of Sc 1entific Intelligence ,
                                    Ministry of Defence ,
                                    Metropol e Buildings ,
                                    Northumberland Avenue ,
                                    LOliDON , W. C. 2.
                             Dr. Blount adds that we might l i ke our attenti on
             drawn to a book recentl y published on the same subject.    I t is
             entitled simply ''Flying Saucers" and is by Donal d H. Menzel,
             Professor of Astro Physics at Harvard .   It is published in
             London by Putnam and Coopany Ltd . in 1953.
                             You might like to write to Turney direct i f
             you are interested in following up the subject any fur ther,
             and send him any figures .  Alternativel y you might wi sh me
             to forward it on for you, which of course I would be del ight ed
             to do.
                             I must apol ogise for getting you a nonsense
             answer from London initially and hope that the above re- establisl
             our faith in their commonsense .                                ~

                                Would you like me to get the book by Menzel?
                             I don ' t suppose one should make any menti on of
             what Turney has to say withour first getting his cl earance ,
             because he is a Public Servant who probably tries to avoid the
             light of day .
                                                                   A. B.
Dictated over telephone by Mr. Brookes on 23/2/1954.
