{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T18:06:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1783988, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116105-email-re-staged-abductions-7-27-96.pdf", "source_sha256": "5cb570840e10f7363bc885f310b6fc3693861db67b467d068574f0dbe7823002"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 1734, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Abduchas
DATE: 7/27/96 6:15 PM
Re:
Dr. Steve Greer on "Abductions
7=27-96
I hope you are enjoying the summer. My wife has been away in England
chese past 3 weeks with a girlfriend and I've been stuck with the
pets, watering the plants and surviving 2 wacked out teenagers. My
daugher will be 18 in the year 2000. I will truly celebrate the end
I the century• Is there life after parenting? It's wonderful an
errible all at the same time. So what else is new
What follows is an exchange of 2 months past plus the result of my
editting efforts. The first section will probably need to be further
edited. I would prefer cutting out "scare the hell out of every 2
year old" to something a bit more mild. Steve of course
should have
the final say. I think we (I guess that should read "I")could prepare
a series of documents from that edited transcript of the Crestone
talk that appears in the WG kit. That might form a series of position
papers for general distribution or perhaps "talking points" for CSETI
speakers training. I think we need to expand our outreach through
forming
a speaker's bureau. Of course quality control is always an
issue with SG, appropriately so I might add. Who from the Crestone
Ambassador's training impressed you as a possible spokesperson? Who
would be totally inappropriate?
Dateline: Hollywierd California
With the latest carnival of
anti-Et xenophobia about to start with
the opening of "The Arrival" this week and "Independence Day" on July
4, perhaps CSETI should publish some of Steven's cogent remarks of
the we it and on round or pering something toget one for
"abductions"for online distribution. This time I promise no ghost
writting•
If you all think it's a good idea I start work on it.
Peace.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 382, "chars": 2519, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GO IOI It.!
CSETI Position on Alleged Alien Abductions
DI. Steven Greer, Copyright 1996
In November Of 1993 DI. Steven GreeI, CSETI International Director,
gave a workshop in Crestone Colorado. The following are his edited
remarks discussing the controversial issue of alleged alien
abductions of humans.
Frightening Experience Doesn't Mean a Criminal Act has Occurred
Now there is plenty of evidence that some people have had frightening
Close Encounters with Extraterrestrials and were frightened by the
experience, but that is something quite different from proving that
il hostility. As a doctor i scare the her, out of every 1 year olo
chat I have to 1ook in the ear with an otoscope. Their beinc
frightened does not mean that I'm going to eat them, although they
may think I will. I believe that we should be as non-anthropomorphic
as possible in considering this situation.
This of course doesn't mean that people haven't had experiences with
the Extraterrestrials which frighten
them, but their subjective
reactions is very different fron proving the ETs' activities are
driven by malevolent intentions. People are constantly confusing
their perceptions oi an Et action, with the El motivations driving
those actions. This kind of confusion is the stuff that historic
tragedies are
perceptions of actions with motivations behind them. On a more
personal level this is the stuff that marriages break up over. We
must become aware of this kind of error when analyzing the phenomenon
of ET civilizations visiting Earth.
Data Does Not Support the Allegations
People speak of Close Encounters of the Fourth Kind, where humans
aboard ET craft, and mislabel the phenomenon as the
abduction experience." These stories which have been the topic of all
too many sensationalized books, movies and TV programs, are supposed
to be evidence proving the malevolence of Extraterrestrial
Intelligence. On the contrary, such reports say more about how we
react to strange experiences and our willingness to assume
malevolence than they provide useful information about the
Extraterrestrial-human relationship. "Alien abduction" researchers
tend to view
that relationship totally within the confines of what
they assume in a proven criminal act. Their data base is so poor
that a careful analysis indicates that these reports and their
conclusions are
simply not credible. As the computer expression
bluntly states, "garbage in, garbage out!" We in CSETI, on the other
hand, have collected
testimony demonstrating that there is a

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 550, "chars": 3471, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tremendous amount of bias in
the collection of these types of
reported experiences. This bias unfortunately includes the from the
prevailing so called experts of the
"alien abduction experience".
This is very worrisome. It is unethical, but it is what CSETI has
been observing in the so called "alien abduction experience field."
Fear Sells!
n contrast to the "alien abduction experience" as it is promoted by
the UFO ghetto and tabloid journalists, the
cases with the most
credibility are almost completely lacking in these types of
experience. These less negative accounts of human-ET interactions
have greater evidential strength by virtue of certain important
characteristics. They involve multiple witnesses to the events
described and the accounts are recalled spontaneously without the
bias. introduced by the hypnotic regression technique so much favored
by the alien abductionists. Unfortunately these more positive
accounts of human encounters with Extraterrestrials, some of which
may involve medical cures of beneficial physiologic effects, are not
being conveyed to the public. Ihis situation exists partially because
the more sensationalized and titillating stories feed the publics
appetite for horror stories. We should remember only a relatively
small number of viewers saw the movie "Gandhi", far fewer than the
millions who pay to regularly see Freddie Krugger's continuing terror
campaign in "Nightmare on Elm Street."
I've heard people express the opinion that the commercial factor is
not as important in the UFO community. I
have to strongly disagree
with that notion. Some alien abduction researchers are getting six
figure advances in cash for their books. If you don't think that this
financial factor is
driving much of what you
are seeing and hearing
in this field, then I
suggest you are very naive! It serves no useful
purpose to name additional names here. I prefer not to speak about
anyone individually, but I
am taking note of the collective
irresponsibility of those investigators who are promoting information
and analysis that is very false. CSETI researchers and their
supporters need to have an independent analysis that is both
objective and visionary, so that
we are not swept up in the kind of
hysteria that passes as science in the UFO subculture.
As 1 indicated beiore, In our culture Iear sells. When Jesse Helms
vas runnino again an African American candidate for senator, you
better believe the fear factor was brought out. In any political
campaign the bottom line is that fear sells. Unfortunately most
people respond more to fear, than they do to peace and love. Fear
sells books and scripts for
movies. It sells out workshops at UFO
meetings. In carrying out our educational campaign, we must do so
with our eyes open. We must acknowledge that much
of what is being
promoted within our culture about the presence of Extraterrestrial
Intelligence, has corrupted people to the point where open relations
with the EI visitors will be more difficult to achieve. At some point
co wilt de more
we must ask whose interests are served by this corruption and
misinformation. I suspect that question will lead us to identifying
more powerful forces than just some irresponsible section of the mass
media. Perhaps we can discuss this point at a latter time.
CSETI's Assumption of Non-Hostility
Whether you are of
the view
that some ETs are positive or negative,
the path of wisdom is to assume non-hostility until you can evaluate

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 540, "chars": 3456, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the situation thoroughly. Reaching conclusions about the
Extraterrestrials prematurely is fraught with danger. We must
remember that we are dealing with races of intelligent beings who
have evolved on different star systems. They undoubtedly have
different customs, languages and morays compared to us, and very
and morays
likely compared to each other. To avoid unnecessary conflict when
addressing a process this important, we are required to assume the
visitors are non-hostile, and we should continue doing so until
proven otherwise beyond a shadow of a doubt. Only by taking this
course can we avoid
situations where conflict need not take place. Our attempts at
establishing open bilateral communication we believe is a necessary
precondition for a more open, peaceful and mutually beneficial
relationship. This is after all what the CSETI project is about.
Practical Lessons for Human Initiated Contact with Extraterrestrials
All this discussion of the fear factor relates in a practical sense
to preparation for field work. Our success in meeting with the
Extraterrestrials to a large extent will depend on our ability to
overcome
fear. Only then will we be open to identifying
opportunities that can promote a positive and cooperative
relationship with the Extraterrestrials. Can I tell you that if we
go out into the field and a craft lands that there will be no
possibility of a bad outcome? The answer to that question is an
emphatic no! I can't promise you that, I don't think anyone can. We
can take specific measures to minimize
a to minimize End
the risks of a bad outcome. As
we have shown from the previous discussion, most harmful experiences
have occurred when someone unwisely has gone up to these craft where
they should not have gone. Our contact protocols have specific safety
features built into then to minimize risk.
Just Telling Scary Stories in the Dark is Misguided
The Center
for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence is
attempting to establish a citizens' diplomatic initiative with
and all Extraterrestrials who are visiting Earth at this time. We
take this mission very seriously and we are inviting our fellow human
beings to join us to start considering ways that we can positively
interact with advanced ET civilizations. For those who are interested
in the UFO phenomenon, we ask that they consider the consequences of
starting our relationship with the ET visitors assuming that we are
the victims of their alleged transgressions. Telling each other scary
stories in the dark, selling sensationalized books that are
distortions of the facts, assuming evil intentions, when their is
very little credible evidence proving the ETs are harming us, these
misguided activities can only lead to unnecessary conflict. They lead
1s away from the possibility ot building a mutually beneficial oper
and direct relationship between our civilization and theirs. This
issue is so important that it demands we go forward in a sober and
responsible manner. The truth is, we know very little about the
Extraterrestrials. They have evolved on different star systems from
ours. They are likely to be an incredibly diverse group of cultures
different customs, ethical and religious systens. For us to
assume that they are victimizing us, when we know so little about
is not only ethnocentric in extreme but it likely rules out any
possible benefit we might derive from knowing them. We will already
address them in a conflict mode.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1642, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
eith
The Terms We Use Encapsulate our Consciousness
We should remember that all language reflects consciousness. The
words we use encapsulate consciousness and the they are powerful
because they shape how we will think and act. If the only words we
use to describe the human-Extraterrestrial relationship are negative,
fear based, and xenophobic, words like "abductions" and
"mutilations", then we will not even be able to perceive of, let
alone take advantage of whatever opportunities that might
present
themselves to us for
establishing a mutually beneficial, open and
direct relationship with the Extraterrestrials. So we have to be very
use to describe this phenomenon. This is
especially so when we speak to the public. Once the awareness of ET
civilizations visiting Earth becomes more a part of the mass
consciousness, as the message breaks out of the UFO ghetto and we
start breaking into the mainstream culture, the need to handle this
exponentially. It may not
be long before this theme will be leaving the inside pages of the
National Inquirer to arrive on the front pages of The New York Times.
We must be very careful in selecting the words we use, not only in
1 a 130
terms of maintaining our credibility but also in terms of social
responsibility. It is not only important that we speak the truth that
we can verify, but also that we do so in a way that does not cause
unnecessary and unwarranted
panic and
alarm. In my opinion those
dealing with this subject have not shown enough social consciousness
and
enough social responsibility. This is particularly true in the so
called alien abduction and animal mutilation fields.
