{"created_utc": "2026-09-15T16:34:47Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 393592, "source_ctime_ns": 1788303932425671328, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116115-letter-to-dr-steven-greer-re-human-placed-implants-removed-from-subjects-6-2-96.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540502140000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116115-letter-to-dr-steven-greer-re-human-placed-implants-removed-from-subjects-6-2-96.pdf", "source_sha256": "31fa771a9c9d579b3d2ddcaa8056e30f6afc3c3f8f96607d3e91884696abb312"}

DATE:   6/2/96 1:52 PM

Re:     Implants Removed

__+++___+++___+++___+++___+++___+++___+++___+++___+++__

MORE IMPLANTS REMOVED FROM POSSIBLE ABDUCTEES
But Metal Object In Man's Jaw Might Have Human Source


On Saturday, May 18, three people underwent the surgical removal of
unusual foreign objects from their bodies at a private medical
facility in Granada Hills, California, near Los Angeles. Two of the
people reportedly believe they have had contact with alien beings who
may have installed the so-called implants. The third person said he
did not believe he had ever had alien contact. Instead, he said, the
object might have been installed under his jaw during dental surgery
several years ago.

The surgeries were performed by a team headed by Dr. Roger Leir and
Houston-based hypnotherapist Derrel Sims, the same team that
performed similar and much-discussed implant removals last August.

About 30 invited observers crowded a small meeting room outside the
operating room and watched the operations on closed-circuit
television. Among those present were Whitley Strieber and his wife
Ann, Robert O. Dean and his wife Cecilia, television producer Robert
Kiviat, filmmaker Paul Davids, attorney Daniel Sheehan,
hypnotherapists Debra Lindemann, Barbara Lamb and Donna Higbee, and
ISCNI*Flash editor Michael Lindemann. A number of Japanese guests
were also present.

The first two operations went very quickly. Both patients were women,
and each one had a similar object removed from the calf of her left
leg.

These objects were very close to the surface and were removed
following a simple incision. They were described by Dr. Leir as
"nodules" of indeterminate composition. When excised, each was
surrounded by tissue. Both objects with their surrounding tissue were
approximately cylindrical and measured about 1 centimeter long by
one-half centimeter wide.

Dr. Leir explained that the tissue would be removed from the objects,
and then the tissue and the objects would be analyzed separately.
Results of the tests might not be available for several weeks or
more.

It was not immediately clear whether or not the objects removed from
the two women were metallic.

After her operation, which involved only local anesthetic, the first
of the women answered questions for the observing audience. She said
she first suspected the presence of an implant after she discovered
an unexplained "scoop mark" on her left calf about one year ago.
Subsequent x-rays indicated the presence of an object. This woman, an
4


         active member of a local MUFON chapter, already considered herself an
         abductee, and said she is also convinced that abduction has run in
         her family for several generations. After learning of the work of
         Derrel Sims and Dr. Leir, she volunteered to have the object removed
         for study.

         She said she did not experience any sensation of pain or any change
         in her body during or immediately after the surgery. She said she
         believes she has another object in her right ear that should also be
         removed for study. There was no indication if or when this would
         happen.

         Commenting on the implications of these surgeries, she said: "I hope
         doctors will see that this is real. So many people need help and
         support. There aren't enough support groups. Most abductees don't
         have a support system."

         She also said she would like her encounter experiences to end, and
         that she fears for her two children. She does not believe her
         children have had encounters yet.

         The second woman patient did not make any public comments following
         her operation.

         The third patient, a man in his mid-30s, presented a very different
         situation. He does not believe he has had alien encounters. Instead,
         he believes an object was inserted into the flesh of his neck below
         his left jaw during dental surgery for the removal of a molar several
         years ago.

         At the time, he was employed by a Department of Defense
         subcontractor, and the dentist was recommended to him by his
         employer. No evidence was offered as to why the dentist or the
         employer would be involved in placing an implant in this man.
         However, he said that immediately after the dental surgery, he began
         hearing two distinct voices in his head. He had himself examined and
         tested by several different specialists in an effort to rid himself
         of the annoying voices, but to no avail. Finally, he underwent MRI
         and x-ray scans, which clearly revealed the presence of a foreign
         object in the tissue below his left jaw.

         The operation to remove this object was much more difficult than the
         other two surgeries. A device called a flouroscan was used to locate
         the object during the surgery. Despite clear x-rays, Dr. Leir said
         that without the flouroscan it would have been extremely difficult to
         remove the object, which was at least one-half inch below the surface
         of the man's neck and shrouded in fatty tissue. From the moment of
         the first incision, the surgeons took 31 minutes to finally remove
         the object.

         I was allowed a brief look at the object. It appeared metallic,
         silver-gray in color and shaped like a tiny flat disc, approximately
         3 millimeters in diameter.

         The physicians noted that there had been no scar on the man's face
         indicating the penetration of such an object from the outside. It is
         therefore possible that the object was inserted from inside the
         mouth.
    N,
         The man had received a local anesthetic and was able to leave the
clinic shortly after the conclusion of his surgery. However, his
operation had obviously been a physical and emotional ordeal for him,
and he declined to answer questions.

The fact of unexplained foreign objects in the bodies of abductees
opens a whole new chapter in the serious research of possible human
encounters with other intelligence.

However, the possibility that the object removed from the third
patient may have come from a human agency points to a very different
and potentially alarming mystery. Was this man the subject of some
form of mind-control experiment? Is the object possibly a "tag" or
"tracking device"? Will the voices in his head stop now that the
object is removed? CNI News will continue to follow this developing
story.

Author Whitley Strieber, an observer at these surgeries, praised the
courage of the three patients and the pioneering efforts of the
Leir-Sims team. Strieber said he too believes he may have one or more
implants in his body, and he intends to have them removed. However,
he said he also believes it is appropriate for other medical teams to
undertake this work, and he expects to have his own implants removed
and studied at facilities in his home town of San Antonio, Texas, at
some future time.

On May 29, I spoke by phone with the women who had answered questions
after her surgery on May 18. I again asked if she felt any different
following the removal of the object from her leg. She said she had
not noticed any change at all in her physical or mental condition.
The surgery had been very simple and had not caused any complications
or after-effects.

Though she believes herself to be an abductee, she said she was not
aware of any abduction episodes since the surgery. Nor had she had
any unusual dreams or any other occurrence that might be related to
the removal of the object, she said.
