{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T20:21:00Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1897328, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116107-important-article-on-the-use-of-hypnosis.pdf", "source_sha256": "3e78b5a795a0933c5edaa934886afad367d4ec9f7f52a2852b2db3c838371a39"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 248, "chars": 1508, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FROM:
TO:
CC:
DATE:
Re:
INTERNET:
Steven
M.
Greer M.D.,
unknown), 102542,3573
(unknown), INTERNET:|
5/25/96 3:09 PM
INTERNET:
103275,1472
Important article about the use of hypnosis
This is my second attempt at writing you all a letter. I had just
tinished composing while on-line what I thought was a beauty, and
guess
what, my on-line program froze. All those lovely words lost in
cyberspace. That will teach me not to compose while on line. That's
one
of the disadvantages of my alleged free service paid so far by the
drug
companies.
I'm
sending you on-line an important article my Strieber. It should
be
memorized by all CSETI members. When people start singing about the
evil aliens who are abducting our women and raping our men, we can
use
the excellent info prepared by Whitley to undercut the entire field
of
so called "abduction research."
By the way. Streiber spoke to about 200 people here at the Writer's
guild last week. During the question period I asked him abut the
"idea
and practice of going out as a group to secure locations and
attracting
craft in for peaceful interactions. He said it was a good idea. I was
sorry he didn't pick up on the practice part of the question and talk
about your work. Instead he suggested that we use meditation(Thanks
Whitley!) when we go out into the field and then he promoted his
upcoming workshop at the UFO-Expo West where he will describe in more
detail his meditation techniques.
I have to tell you that I felt a little Sorry for Whitley. Six years

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2149, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ago
he was at the height of his career. And now he is promoting workshops
to make ends meet. His talk as usual was absolutely brilliant. He
briefly described
some of the difficulties he has been having as a
result of pursuing this subject. That includes, harassing IRS audits,
bank swindles that eventually cost him his home, and a combined
physical and psycho electronic attack with human intruders in his
former country home.
I will try and get a hold of an audio tape of his presentation.
Steve, I will be sending you the Dames tape this weekend.
was quite impressed. I'll add to it a piece about XX
XX and
something I taped off Sightings about an alleged US Military team of
remote viewers. The last one sounded kind of phoney. Tell me what you
think of it.
Thanks for mentioning the Nov. 19-24 dates for a possible conference
Temposlan. As usual I will need 3 months notice. Perhaps Shari could
send me the names of some contacts
there so I can find out the
specific
dates before I finalize my November schedule. Can you believe it, I
have to turn that one in the last week in August. My department might
as well ask me to turn in my schedule for the whole next year while
I'm
at it.
Strange weather we've been having on the West Coast. Flooding in the
and down here hail and thunderstorms in May. Global warming leads to
earth changes, Oh to live in interesting times.
Peace
TECHNIQUE OUT-OF-CONTROL-
by Whitley strieber
UFO MAGAZINE, VOL. A NO.2 1989
After I first encountered the visitors, I turned to my doctor. When I
realized that intelligent non-humans might be involved, I consulted a
UFO investigator. He led
me to Dr. Donald Klein, one of the most
respected psychiatrists in the profession and also a hypnotist with
lany years'
experience.
Since then, I have seen what I feel are abuses perpetrated by
"investigators" who are really nothing more than part time,
unlicensed
and mental health counselors. They are carrying out their activities
an inappropriate, misguided
and dangerous effort to use hypnosis to
build
• a so-called "credible" case for UFO abduction.
Abduction research may not even be possible utilizing hypnosis; even

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 431, "chars": 2729, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
highly trained hypnotists cannot use the technique reliably for
retrieving basic factual information. Until there is a base of
information gained from unhypnotized subjects, it must properly
remain
a therapeutic tool, not an investigative one.
so called "abduction narrative," which has been gained primarily
from hypnotically-induced recall, probably does not reflect actual
experience, but rather the application of the subject's worst fears
their most enigmatic experiences.
when he first interviewed me, DI. Klein explained why we would never
uncover
a final explanation
through my hypnosis. This is because the
regressed subject is susceptible to cues from the hypnotist, to an
unknown degree. Thus, it can never be known how much even the most
objective hypnotist has influenced the outcome of the regression.
However, we did have my extensive conscious memories to use as a
base.
Often conscious memories are sketchy or even nonexistent.
Hypnosis is often cited as a means of gathering legal evidence.
Strictly
speaking this is not true. Information from a regressed subject is
sometimes used in the context of other evidence, but it is not itself
evidence. A hypnotized subject's recollection of the license number
of
a car is worthless as evidence unless the actual car can be found and
determined to have possibly been at the scene.
Hypnosis can be useful to gain access to the memories of someone
suffering from traumatic amnesia • But only if those memories receive
other, independent support do they obtain the weight of evidence.
An example: a witness sees a child run down by a car which whips
around
the corner and disappears. it can be established that the witness
saw
the back of the car, but he recalls only its color and general shape.
he is hypnotized and remembers that it was a Pontiac, and the first
three letters of the license number were XXZ, and the car was being
driven by a young man. The police find such a car owned by such a
driver. Impact marks confirm their
suspicions and the young man is
arIested.
The evidence is not testimony given under hypnosis, it is the hard
facts
obtained as a result of that testimony.
But the regressed testimony of UFO witnesses cannot currently be
facts. While I have in my files dozens of cases of
witnessed visitations and abductions, there are absolutely none where
evidence of what took place while the witness was with the visitors
be supported in any way except by that person's own testimony or the
testimony of witnesses. Hard facts remain impossible to obtain.
Still,
the sheer weight of the existing conscious unhypnotized testimony
strongly suggest that something real is happening•
But there remains an enormous, overwhelming difficulty with trying to

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2581, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
use hypnotized testimony as evidence of real events, even when that
testimony agrees in particulars among a group of unconnected
witnesses.
This is especially true of testimony obtained by investigators--even
professionals--whose views on UFOs are known by their subjects,
because
there is obviously no way to tell whether or not the subject has a
hidden wish to comply with the known beliefs of the hypnotist-- a
wish
that will be greatly magnified by the highly suggestible state that
the
subject will enter when regressed.
But hypnosis as a counseling device--that's another story. I think it
has
à Very uselu! Place as a therapeutic tool, as it is uniquely
capable of enabling the subject to break fear-amnesia.
If anyone is to counsel people in situations as sensitive as that of
a
close-encounter witness, it seems essential that the counselors
involved be trained, subject to confidentiality requirements and
governed by a peer review process. There is a tendency among
abduction
researchers--largely untrained in the scientific method and
unrestrained by licensing--to be less than objective in their
treatment
of witnesses and to summarily dismiss evidence not consistent with
their previous findings.
I have come to believe that many techniques used by amateur
investigators are not Just suspect, but dlsastrous. They amount to a
form of unintentional but devastatingly effective brainwashing that
denies witnesses
access to the truth of their experiences as they
originally perceived them. I define the word "amateur" very narrowly;
it means someone who has
not been formally trained and who does not
answer to any professional review board.
Some of what I have heard from witnesses reveals what problems can be
caused by this. One witness wrote, "My fear is that if I contact you,
will be kicked out of the. . . group. She added, "I have turned to
your
book for comfort even though I am not supposed to read it." This
sounds
more like the concerns of a member of a religious organization than
someone connected with a group of witnesses to an experience as
unknown
as close encounter, and reflects the propensity of
less-than-impartial
investigators to compel witnesses to think in compliance with their
pet
theories.
The "experimenter effect" is a well-known problem in behavioral
science
Iesearch. In his book, Experimenter Effects in Behavioral
Research, (IIvington Press, 1976) Dr. Robert Rosenthal states, "the
expectations of the scientist are likely to affect the choice of the
neset are likely
experimental design and procedure in such a way as to increase the

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 402, "chars": 2640, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
likelihood that his expectation or hypothesis will be supported." But
there are no experimental designs in abduction research and no
controls, protocols or standards, per se. It is a matter of amateur
investigators hypnotizing people
and reporting the results when they
tell stories compatible with the investigators' theories.
Right now, a limited scenario of abduction appears to be in fashion
among
such investigators. The scenario centers around sexual
activities
and renders stories of women being given gynecological examinations
having their ova extracted by a form of amniocentesis. Men are having
semen extracted by a painful vacuum process
or are being subjected to
sessions of
sexual intercourse with aliens--often quite
peculiar-looking ones.
I am not trying to deny that witnesses have reported terrible things
connections with their close encounters. But nothing is going to be
proved one way or the other by investigators who seen driven almost
to
a state of hysteria by the apparent horrors their studies have
unearthed.
Another correspondent of mine wrote, "When I drew a picture of the
object they [the abductors].
wanted
to put on the inside of my thigh,
(the investigator) seemed to be disappointed because it didn't match
any design or shape he had seen before."
At this stage of investigation on this enigma, such a stance by an
investigator is clearly very immature and not reflective of a
properly
objective outlook. A good researcher must maintain a stance of
absolute
objectivity about the matter under study. And he or she must not be
to
quick to seek for the results when in fact, little is known.
when the free narratives are examined, it quickly becomes obvious
that
the witness experience is vastly complicated and full of unknowns.
The
scenario mentioned above, with its general focus on the reproductive
and genetic details found in some abduction accounts, may also be a
premature reference point for investigators. Of the 690 narratives
sent
to me by Communion and Transformation
readers, only a few appear to
support these present theories of abduction. The vast majority
instead
describe the perceptions and experiences far stranger than any
reported
by
mainstrean abduction researchers.
But they are not simply
unconscious processes; many
of them
involve multiple witnesses. In
fact, just under half of our narratives mention some sort of
independent witnèss at the öutset of the encounter. Many of these
witnesses have been contacted and their stories corroborated.
Some abduction narrative examples that suggest major overlooked
unknowns:
"I knew they were aliens because they had flowers and plants

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2185, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
growing
out of their heads. When they would bend over, I felt the dirt from
tops of their heads falling' on me."
"They showed me arms and legs (of their type) growing out of
big
alúminum pots."
"All of a sudden the little man turned into a bird of
paradise"
"They wanted me to marry a big bug."
These strange but repeated themes certainly do not suggest a study by
coldly objective group of alien scientists. They suggest that we have
¡ot of questions still to answer.
When I wrote Transformation, I was religious about including every
bizarre detail, no matter how crazy it made me 1ook and how much
anmunition it
gave my detractors. Why? Because we do not know what is
true, and until we do we must not edit testimony or it becomes
absolutely worthless, even as an aid in developing effective
therapeutic strategies.
The point of publishing witness testimony is not to make it seem
credible and believable, but to expose it as it Ieally is. Unless we
this we have no chance at all of getting at the truth.
Since I wrote Communion, I have received over 7,000 letters thousands
which contain extensive narratives of experience. The highest
incoming.
volume has been recorded in the three months after my new book
Transformation appeared. The high strangeness of many of the
episodes
recorded in that book opened a floodgate of response. This happened
because my testimony was closer than ever before to what witnesses
actually perceiving.
Because of the high level
strangeness of the witnesses' actual
material
and their pervasive fear of
an
; ridicule, the UFO conmunity must create
atmosphere of absolute openness to all reports, and not edit
narratives
prematurely. Witnesses must not be made to fear rejection or actually
be dismissed from support groups because of the strangeness of their
reports. Another witness complains of an investigator, "He and his
associates make no secret they think I'm prime material for the
Looney
lounge." This individual also claims that she was dismissed from her
"abductee" group for her beliefs and ideas.
The reason that this kind of thing happens is that investigators are
looking very hard for consistent groups of facts, while witnesses are

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 343, "chars": 2321, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
looking for support and counseling. There are two very different
objectives and do not mix.
A woman recently called a well known investigator to report an
experience and ask if she should be hypnotized. When she tried to
the story, the investigator kept interrupting her to ask if she had
been given a gynecological examination by the aliens. Finally she
up, realizing that this was the only thing he cared about.
unhypnotized correspondents, only one even mentioned a needle
entering
the abdomen for an apparent
amniocentesis. More often, witnesses
report
examinations of their heads.
Are researchers interested in alien examination of sexual organs
because
this is actually a central feature of the encounter experience, or
because sexual organs are a central concern of human beings?
It would
seem that nobody except a professionally trained
hypnotist--preferably one with the credentials and ethical
considerations of a mental health professional--should hypnotize any
UFO witness fro any reason, land then only for therapeutic purposes.
Both free and regressed narratives should be interpreted by
behavioral
psychologists and other professionals skilled in the process.
Present theories about the nature and content of the experience
should
be called into most rigorous question and the community should open
its
mind to high-level strangeness.
Close encounter witnesses are often a deeply troubled and vulnerable
group of people. They live, many of them, with bizarre memories that
they must keep secret. Every night, they must face their questions
and
their fears. And they must do this alone.
It counseling 1s to be oilered by non-protessionals then the UFO
ommunity should create a contract includino a confidentialit
equirement to be signed by the counselor involved, and counselor
should accept the legal liability that such a contract would imply.
Lest it be assumed that investigators already adhere to high
standards
of confidentiality, I would like to point out some recent lapses. In
magazine article, an investigator mentioned the true name of a
witness,
and offered sufficient details of her testimony for her to be
immediately recognizable among her personal irlends, and among hel
acquaintances in the UFO comnunity. He then stated his objectives tr
her "religious" interpretation of
her experiences.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 153, "chars": 955, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
047.
She was deeply hurt by this and her standing among her peers was
damaged
by the fact that the highly-respected investigator had disclosed a
negative opinion of her.
One of the witnesses mentioned in a recent book wrote to me that
"(The
investigator) was present as a guest and observer at a hypnosis
of the witness,
I "and she
was asked not to reveal any of
findings. Our experience has never been published until a couple of
months ago. it was done behind our backs... • (this investigator)
has
made us look like fools and left us open for public ridicule." The
fact
that this witness had reported her experience verbally before a
meeting
of UFO investigators by no means justified its being made public
without her permission.
Close-encounter witnesses
precious resources. It must not be abused, and the witnesses
courageous
enough to bring forward their stories must be treated with the
greatest
respect.
If otherwise, this
resource will be lost.
