{"created_utc": "2026-09-16T16:41:09Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 415454, "source_ctime_ns": 1788303931938364935, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116103-letter-to-dr-steven-greer-re-biochips-5-16-96.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540501120000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116103-letter-to-dr-steven-greer-re-biochips-5-16-96.pdf", "source_sha256": "d3616fb1992e726058f288078cb5445081b1eb1096ec8e6f3f292d238de0fc19"}

DATE:   5/16/96 3:58 PM

Re:     BioChips R Coming

   This article appeared on Monday, 5/6/96 on the Chicago Tribune's
front
page, written by staff writer Jon Van...

      "A tiny chip implanted inside the human body to send and recieve
radio
messages, long a popular delusion among paranoids, is likely to be
marketed as a consumer item early in the next century. Several
technologies already avialable or under development will enable
electronics firms to make implantable ID locators, say futurists, and
our yearning for convenience and security makes them almost
irresistible
to marketers."This is currently very hot", said Edward Cornish,
president of
the World Future Society, based in Bethesda, Md. "The field is
developing
because the technology is becoming available to do it".
     He added: "it's appeal will depend on what features are offered
and
the price. I'm sure a large number of people would want such
products."
Inevitably, implantable radio locators conjure up visions of Big
Brother and
unscrupulous scientists abusing such technology to control the
masses. But
the researchers laying the foundations for this technology see their
work as
helping humankind, not subverting privacy.
      They seek to aid people using wireless phones to summon
emergency
help, to track soldiers who become lost on maneuvers and to enable
people
to
get along without carrying cash by automatically crediting an
account.
Animal
advocates already urge pet owners to have tiny identification chips
implanted
in
their dogs and cats so if they are lost, shelters can identify them
through a
national computerized database. The notion of using implantable chips
to
control humans
isn't entirely absent, even in these early stages of the technologies
development.      Cornish noted that authorities have experimented for
years
with fitting convicts with electronic monitors to allow them to leave
jails
for limited reasons, such as work release. "The problem is that
monitors
worn
outside the body can be tampered
with," Cornish said. "Implanted locators would be more difficult to
get at
You
might see this used as a condition for parole." Several systems
already are
in
place with the potential to locate people using radio signals. The
most
obvious,
called GPS, for global positioning satellites, was launched by the
military
years
ago and has become available for civilian applications. It uses
satellites to
map a
person's position with great precision.
     Some automobiles come equipped with GPS gadgets that can give
drivers
their location, and boaters use similar technology. Researchers want
to
combine
such locators with equipment that monitors a person's health.
Engineers in
Salt Lake City have designed a device intended to determine whether
someone
wearing it is becoming too cold or too hot, a sign of exposure. "We
want to
highlight people who need attention early, when there is still time
to get to
them
with help", said Peter Kind, a senior vice president at Sarcos
Research
Corp.,
which has developed a prototype GPS-based device that will be ready
for
field

tests this year. Sarco's initial target is the military. Civilian
markets
might incude
ill people who ususally would be restricted to nursing environments,
Kind
said.
Right now the prototype equipment is worn on a belt, but the goal is
to
minaturize
it into a chip. The monitors could be worn in the area of the ear
canal or
elsewhere in the body. Another means to track people relies upon the
existing

network of cellular-phone transmitters. The cellular industry and
emergency-
response officials have proposed standards to the Federal
Communications
Commission that would enable police, fire, and ambulance dispatchers
to
find
people who dial 911 from wireless phones. At present nearly
one-quarter of
the
911 emergency calls made in the US come from wireless phones, and
half the
time the callers don't know their location, posing a major problems
for
emergency personnel. Developing computer systems to track locations
of so
many calls is a
daunting tasts, but it is consistent with the phone industry's goal
of one
day
assigning phone numbers to human beings, rather than equipment. Once
the
phone network becomes sophisticated enough to do this, it will smooth
the
way

for widespread monitoring of people's whereabouts. Companies already
marketpagers for children so parents can keep in touch when
youngsters are
away from home. Adding the ability to pinpoint location at any time
is a
natural extension: keeping track of the child through a chip
implanted under
the skin
may be another. "People accept that increased communications makes
life
more
convenient at the same time it means there's no hiding place
anymore",
Bernard Beck, a Northwestern University sociologist says. "If I have
a
universal
ID implanted, I can cash a check anywhere in the world. There's no
worry
about credit cards being stolen. These are attractive matters".
Although
older
people might recoil at the notion of sticking gizmos inside
themselves,
younger
ones tend to like the idea, Beck said. "In the last generation
there's been a

radical change about surgery and altering your body. The resistance
to
having

tattos and wearing body rings is dropping. Altering your appearance
through
surgery is no longer a cause for amazement." Problems may arise when
some
people decide that their implant makes them itch or when it
malfunctions and
doesn't send out a strong enought radio signal to be recieved. Beck
sees
another
potential problem:"You'll see people ripping off implants,
counterfeiting
them
subverting the technology just as they've done to past technologies".
"It's
common in a certain genre of science fiction for people to walk into
a place,

pick up any item they like and walk out with it, not having to pay
because
their
action automaticaly genrates a debit to their account", said Dan
Polsby, a
Northwestern University law professor. "That would make for a very
open
society.
Implanting tracers in criminals could reduce incarceration because it
would
allow
them to be tracked at all times. And, he added, people wearing
locators
would
be deterred from committing crimes because of the likelihood they
would be
caught.
    "I don't know that we've wrapped our minds around being
accountable
minute-by-minute. The legal implications of who owns this information
are
major", Polsby added. "It's one thing to have my hospital monitoring
my
heartbeat for
fibrillation, but it's an entirely different matter to have the
government
monitoring
my whereabouts." Although potential problems are huge, locator ID
chips
may
be inevitable, said Cornish of the World Future Society. Just as many
people
now
allow supermarket chains to keep computerized records of their
individual
purchases in return for price discounts, many will embrace the chips
for
the security and convenience they offer, Cornish said. "We all want
to walk
down
the street feeling safe", he said. "This technology offers that
promise along
with
the dilemma of lost privacy". Cornish believes, at least initially,
that such
chips
would be voluntary. But he acknowledges that "things that are
voluntary
today
have a way of becoming compulsory tomorrow". Cornish said he sees a
similar
attitude already regarding e-mail addresses and pagers. "If you tell
people
you
don't have an e-mail address, they ask, 'How can we contact you?'
Some
employers now require staff to wear pagers, to be locatable. Someday,
they
may require chips."
