{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T03:42:24Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2354868, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116128-france-sporade-objectives-2007-english-translation.pdf", "source_sha256": "0753dc877a7dde46c3f8e15f83a52dd92d9662cd66b7f994e1120ec52cb3360d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 30, "chars": 248, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
:

SPORADE MEETING STELLAR INTELLIGENCE

PURPOSE AND AMBITION

February 2007 draft

CONTENTS:

FOREWORD
i. INTRODUCTION
li, PREPARING FOR THE MEETING - CONCEPTS
lil. PLANNED EXCHANGES AND TRIALS
IV. POLITICAL FACTOR AND IMPLICATIONS
Vv. CONCLUSION

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 522, "chars": 3195, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FOREWORD
Our scientific « critical attitude » should lead us towards interstellar intelligent life.
Indeed, 200 billion stars « inhabit » our own galaxy, which corresponds to an equal
number of solar systems likely to accommodate intelligent life - once put aside the
conditions required for its birth - (see Sir Francis Drake equation). For the record, in the
cosmos, there is a rough estimate of about 200 billion galaxies... Thus, is there life elsewhere
and where more specifically?
Is intelligence fit into human beings visiting us? Today, in the aftermath of thousands
of scientific surveys carried out on the five continents, we cannot deny the existence of
"UFOs" (Unidentified Flying Objects).
What are these « intelligent phenomena »?
Can our eyes see the whole phenomenon? Does what we see correspond to reality?
Did we just learn how to see UFOs? Is not part of the phenomenon invisible to our eyes? Can
these "intelligent phenomena" be grasped by some human intelligence only, such as the
Tibetan lamas?
1) INTRODUCTION
We can accept but a simple visual demonstration - currently accessible to ordinary people -
ie. actually filming the sky - and carried out by people mad about photos. You can bet your life it
will be a success: late in the afternoon, with a cloudy but still sky, with a clear view in front of a hill a
few kilometers away, with a digital camera fitted with a large memory and with an edge-cutting
technology - of the Carl Zeiss type - take a few hundred snapshots of the sky, always at the same
place and keeping the hill in front of you as the lower part of our photograph. When examining your
photographs carefully on a computer, there is a near 100% probability that you will be surprised by
what your camera will have recorded.
Thus, let us look for other measurement certainties. We are ware of the fact that a flying
system that can spin on its axis very quickly becomes invisible in some specific flight configurations.
When it is spinning on its axis very rapidly, a visual persistence phenomenon is linked to the flying
system that makes it invisible when it reaches a specific speed. When being dealt with through radar
observation, man-made systems with this specific feature are detected by this same radar though they
are not visible to a human eye. Should they spin on their axis even more rapidly, then could they still
be detected by radars?
Let us think of what Colonel Jack Krine went through some forty years ago, when aboard his
Mirage III C in Northern France he had endeavored to track a "UFO" without having been able to
reach it, as it disappeared at a terrific speed when the aircraft came close to it. Did it actually
disappear? Or was it still close to the Mirage III, but spinning on its axis extremely quickly, thus
creating a visual persistence phenomenon, which resulted into it being no longer visible. A cat and
mouse game, as Colonel Krine said: I see it, I no longer see it, I see it...
If we want to have a scientific attitude, thus trying to remain credible during the test, in which
we want to take part on the French soil, we have to set up a reliable scenario and therefore we have to
give ourselves the means to do it...

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 661, "chars": 4304, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
II PREPARING FOR THE MEETING - CONCEPTS
There are several possible concepts lying ahead of us. Currently, we select two of them: full
intelligence or material and intelligence. In the first case, we could consider it as "Hertzian biology",
thus consider that biological macromolecules are also a vital basis for intelligence and that they are of
a vibratory nature. If this vibratory - a priori straightforward - nature is the addition of the waves
emitted by its components, it is thus highly sophisticated. A few years ago, Professor Benveniste at
the Inserm (French National Institute of Health and National Research) had been able to record
electromagnetic signals from molecules with biological activities and remotely reproduce them from
these signals. At that time, Jacques Benveniste had been considered to be a disloyal person by the
scientific community and it may have resulted into his death. We are aware of the fact and I know
today that he was right.
Second, we could consider a material/intelligence mix: the material could be an intersideral
spaceship able to shift to spinning at light speed; and thus, it could become invisible in specific flight
configurations, inhabited with a dual wave/material particle intelligence of the human type,
accommodated inside a capsule monitored through an intelligence that remains artificial for us. From
observations, this spacecraft could be considered to have a 20 to 40-meter diameter. On the other
hand, to reach a spinning velocity amounting to several Machs - according to our current knowledge
- it should be made of quartz/crystal — a solid alloy that could however become viscous for a short
period of time but with a memory of its initial shape. An ionic particle / photon energy is everywhere.
Henceforth, a magnetic or electromagnetic environment; it should be possible to measure one of them
or both of them from a space probe or through a discrimination of the earth magnetic field; and this, in
order to know whether this magnetic field is not an additional feature enabling a UFO to land onto
earth and more specifically to be able to take off out of it through additional electromagnetic energy
required to boost, to lift, and to cancel gravity when taking off. How could we measure all that, and
accordingly, how could we measure the spinning effect? Indeed, should this latter one exist, then the
geostationary state would be explained, as well as invisibility required from the UFO crew, while
remaining alongside the earth observer.
As a first series of observations regarding an exploration of some scientific fields, it seems to
be enough to SPORADE.
Among the different ways open to us, and from the above description, the capability to get
some observations and data depends upon our persuasive power towards the State and the French
concerned firms to get highly performing equipment. This performance is a prior requirement to get
European political and scientific involvements at this last financial and protective stage. Together with
European researchers, we are on the fringe of the light world (laser, photons, crystal, quartz, etc... but
also virtual, intelligence, clearsightedness) and of the material world (physics, chemistry, biosciences
...), even a touch of philosophy: could it be that a double of the human intellect is on other earth
planets? Could the galactic material - as an outcome of will - disappear according to the law of
equivalence E= mc? within this plurality of worlds' environment?
Through our credibility, strongly supported by the SPORADE society, we aim at making our
methods to collect and process signals more acute after our first impressions and once measures are
completed; and this - which is still a pending issue - in order to determine whether there are specific
signatures for the micro-organisms / intelligence that "are" in UFOs and these very UFOs - these
latter ones may only be material even with artificial intelligence as regards their specific features.
Furthermore, we do not exclude the fact that other signals may be detected in other areas of the
frequency spectrum, including in the vicinity of the highest speed currently considered, the speed of
light (existing electrons/ions or photons/ions?), thus paving the way to detect other intelligence or
living agents.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 517, "chars": 3390, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I PLANNED EXCHANGES AND TRIALS
As it is considered that eyes are powerless in many areas when dealing with such an expected
meeting, we should think - when such an exchange takes place above the French ground - about
observation and measure processes fitted to short-term phenomena, even if this exchange is residual
during a very significant period. Observation and measures - both of them of an impulse nature -
have the advantage of providing us with quasi pure information and an array of harmonics; and we
could expect to take advantage of them with our computers.
In order to qualify our future exchanges, we would like to consider links - broadly speaking -
measures and philosophy (phasing out of the galactic matter) by collecting pieces of information in
order to convince our politicians and about:
• light/thermic (but with an additional visual observation);
• Hertzian biology by measuring a dual wave / material particle (Raman specter,
dynamic mass spectrometer, Doppler effect, optical interference, etc...) enabling to
possibly detect any electromagnetic signal coming from nanostructures derived from
living micro-organisms or micro-organisms living by our visitors. Then, we could
extend this concept to sophisticated structures coming from these elementary particles
- atoms, molecules and macromolecules sometimes found in the marks left in the
ground when a UFO is landing; thus, we could consider that biological
macromolecules also have a vibratory feature. This link is important because it would
enable us to conceive exchange means more relevant to the evolution level of our
visitors.
• a coherent laser optical detection, in the hope of showing the existence of a visual
persistence phenomenon; it would provide us with an explanation for the extremely
rapid disappearance of UFOs that we currently consider as resulting from remoteness
conditions;
• A coherent and a non coherent spectral detection ;
Today, « what about » equipment? Men are available.
Indeed, other ways are to be tackled more easily, such as filming the event for the visible part
of it, laser range finding (ie. forgetting the quasi certain visual coherence probability, gravitation
measurements (hardly possible for a geostationary state or for canceling gravitation when taking off,
if the earth magnetic field is being used).
IV POLITICAL IMPLICATIONS
We should not forget that whatever we decide, we are but a small society - even a top level
one - that will only be the match that will "ignite" a detonator whose energy should result into
involving France but also Europe and its Allies into the knowledge of a world that has been within
our reach for a long time. Then, it will be the right time to let our politicians and our scientists
understand that it is time to open this door but very cautiously. Being extremely cautious should
enable us to move quickly and have more and more numerous exchanges; any other solution would
consist in staying at the stone age of our own civilization.
As a small society, we have to use our resourcefulness in a persuasive and convincing
manner; the pieces of information collected by ourselves are the only guarantor in order to avoid that
France, but also Europe gets dissimilar pieces of information, forwarded by actual or fake scientists,
by actual or fake journalists, by actual or fake mentors from their backyards, denied by a sectarian

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 347, "chars": 2150, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
scientific and political Establishment.
Our ambition should be a priority during this first test as it could be the only one; but should
we succeed, then it would be convincing both for us - the Earth inhabitants - and for our likely
visitors, because we will have to bring in our policies very rapidly:
• taking regular, planned and evolutionary meetings with our passing visitors into
account;
* to be very cautious not to close the door to our ambition to know and to
communicate;
• bringing our militaries to carry out detailed studies with their significant assets, and
this, with an aim of scientific and technical cooperation, thus of peace;
• defining - (possibly) with our European neighbors and beyond - a political and
strategic ambition to deepen our knowledge;
setting up a multi-nodal visitor center in order to enable our visitors to come and pay
us visits calmly;
" Aiding us in keeping our know-how and in deepening our knowledge but also in
being able to transfer them;
• enabling us - in France and especially at Sporade - to keep being the driving force as
there is no other surrogate country with the exception of the British, "traditionally
subservient to" the United States;
• in the long term, taking into account the evaluation of challenges and financial
consequences: releasing figures while considering that this area of interstellar
intelligence exchange is an end in itself-and maybe different from space issues - as it
not only deals with the Earth, but with all the other Earths from other planetary
systems in our galaxy, even in other galaxies;
• Explaining people the demand for such works and acquiring an exoterrestrial
expertise.
V) CONCLUSION
To end with, let us « come down» to our good old earth, first of all to complete this first
meeting successfully, reap a lot of information and certainties; on the one hand, it should enable us to
consider other exchanges, on the other hand to convince our political elite to grant us with the
necessary means to complete this task; and we should also define both equipment and protocols in
order to carry out the whole of Chapter Ill in a positive and efficient way.
