{"created_utc": "2026-08-20T00:51:55Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 9070807, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116223-quest-publications-003b-secret-air-force-intelligence-ufo-report-1950s.pdf", "source_sha256": "09c84366288c0e9437483643acf83ab43e1238c668c58d9cff642e354e461892"}

SECRET AIR FORCE INTELLIGENCE UFO
              REPORT


                                           :


              Archives for UFO Research
               Arkivet for UFO-forskning
                       Box 11027
                 SE-600 11 Norrk6ping
                        Sweden


                    •
                  QUEST PUBLICATIONS                       COMMENT


                     BY HARK lAB BIRDSAlL (YORKSHIRE UFO SOCIE'IY)


It was always widely believed that at one point in time,. our own British Government
would order the relevant authorities (and in this particular case - the Royal Air
Force)   to   study and   report   upon   the   subject   of   'flying    saucers'   or UFO's
(unidentified flying objects). The exact date, or the 'order date' of that st~y is
                                                                                        '
not known, but it is believed to be in the early 1950's. What you are about to read
is an account, or report of the findings of one group (Royal Air Force Intelligence)

based upon the analysis of an undetennined number of UFO sightings.


For over twenty five years the Ministry of Defence denied that any study or report
had been generated by the Royal Air Force (a fact frequently related to various
investigators in the Yorkshire UFO Society). I myself found a number of cooments
                                                                    1
issued by serving R.A.F. Officers who had quoted from the               sumnary' in books and
newspapers dating back to the 19~0 1 s. Evidence I thought that a report had indeed
been generated. This was dismissed several times by the 'UFO' department (currently
AS-2 and at that time DS-8) at Whitehall. Nevertheless, the Yorkshire UFO Society
mounted a lengthy campaign to seek the report. A breakthrough was                ma~e   when a
detailed report was sent to Whitehall from the organisation. Within that report we
duplicated various high ranking R.A.F. personnel cooments from a number of books and
papers, which indicated that the M.O.D. had been asked to report on the subject of
UFO's. I have included in this report the official letter which clearly shows that
the current staff at the 'UFO' department, were 'unaware' of the study.


Mr Timothy Good, (author of probably the most important book on the subject of UFO' s

-'ABOVE TOP SECRET') obtained through Whitehall, the 'Secret Intelligence Summary',

                                                1
or at least the version which would be made available to the public. And it is

interesting to learn that we were not allowed to obtain the 'working documents', or
reports which the Air Force team had used to reach their conclusions.


When the report was made, several other key research projects had already been
produced by American intelligence. PROJECT SIGN (United States Air Force), had
shocked the world by issuing statement (and conclusions), that the UFO phenomenon

may not be of this planet. Months later, SIGN was abandoned only to be taken over by
an even more controversial study, PROJECT GRUDGE. This reached conclusions which in
effect nullified the conclusions which SIGN had reached. No reference (in terms of
                                                                '                             .
actual written statements) is made of the GRUDGE project, but there is one comment

in the Royal Air Force Summary, which in my opinion refers to GRUDGE.


In 1988, the Whitehall department which 'collects' UFO sighting reports, still use
the Secret Air Force Intelligence Summary as a basis by which it forms current
policy statements of the subject of UFOs. Like Mr Timothy Good, I believe this
report is both controversial and misleading, and clearly out-dated. Without doubt it

was prepared to calm the increasing awareness of politicians and authorities who
were   becoming    concerned.     A debunking        exercise       is   perhaps   the    appropriate
terminology, and readers should also evaluate the remarkable cartoon which is
included   in     the   report.   This   shows       a   bull   chasing      two   very    frightened

extraterrestrials back to their landed 'spaceship'. The authors of the .Air Force

Intelligence Stmnary,      are indicating to the readers of this study,                     that the

phenomenon is little more than,          'bull'. A potentially significant study which
students of Ufology should not ignore.


Mark Ian Birdsall. Director of Research. YUFOS/QUEST 1988.


                                                 2
                              MINISIRY OF DEFElfCE INIRODUCTI<If


'~e origin of the term 'flying saucer', as applied to strange objects sighted in

the sky, remains obscure, although authorship is claimed by a British journalist.
According to him, whilst sitting in a Bronx cafe talking with three New York
reporters, one of whom was doodling on a piece of paper, he observed that the
                                                             '
                        1
drawing looked like a       flying saucer' • One of the Americans decided that they, "had

something" there and, within the hour the term was in use. Within two, it is claimed

that ninety people had reported having seen one."
                                                                                   :


                                              3
                                      RESTRICTED


Man has always instinctively looked to the sky for signs and portents, nor has he,
even   today,   quite    lost   his   inclination   to   observe   and   report   celestial

manifestations. It is not the object of this article to decry or ------ such
reportings - as Shakespeare wrote, "there are more things in heaven and earth

Horatio, than are dreamt of in ------- philosophy" - but it is the intention to
encourage a rational approach both to the objects themselves and to the method of
reporting.


Generally, reports are of commonplace objects which would normally pass un-observed

but which attract attention in the ------ of more sensational stories, and lend

support to them. Thus a meteor or a radio sonde balloon, or even a conventional
aircraft assumes in the perception of some peoples, speeds, shapes and movements
which are entirely uncharacteristic. A well known astronomer has declared that his
experience of the reports of ordinary observers prompts him to reject 95 per cent of
what they say, particularly when he knows that they have been startled by a sudden
phenomenon which they could have observed for no more than a few seconds.


With such reports we are not seriously concerned. There are a number of other

reports on flying       saucers which are emphatic statements of visitations           from
neighbouring planets and suchlike;         these derive both from the iml!&inings of
zealots, admittedly quite serious and sincere in their beliefs, and from charlatans.


                                                4
                          VISUAL SIGHTINGS


Reports of sightings themselves reveal certain stereotyped patterns. They usually
describe objects as being projectile-shaped, round, oval or ellipsoidal; they are
dazzling-bright, light, shiny, blue-green and generally speaking, iridescent. They
move at fantastic speeds in lateral and longitudinal qirections; they also hover.
Such are the basic lines of description, with inevitable variations.


Practically all of these objects can be roughly identified as follows:-
                                                                            :


                                          5
a) Conventional aircraft viewed by the observers from unaccustomed angles.


b) Present day jet aircraft, flying at great speeds and great heights, mistaken by
untrained and, on occasions, by experienced observers.


c) Sunlight reflections from aircraft and balloons which themselves are too distant
to be observed.


d) Car headlights reflected on low cloud.
                                                                             :

e) Meteorological, radio sonde and cosmic research balloons of all types.


f) Bright meteors and fireballs.


g) Planets observed at certain times of the year.


h) Birds


j) Cloud formations.


k) Meteorological phenomena, such as mock moons and mock suns.


                                            6
There are other reports of visual sightings Which are admittedly very strange and
difficult to classify. They tell of objects Which appear to change shape quickly,
Which   move   erratically    and   at   fantastic   speeds   across   the   sky.   Under   no
consideration could these reports be classified in tenns of the objects listed
above. It is firmly believed that these reports are made in all sincerity and are in
fact actual sightings •••••• but of reflections from conventional objects.


To give a simple and practical illustration. Consider the erratic movements of the
reflection on a ceiling from a mirror hel~ under a light and moved even slightly by

hand. Similarly, on a vaster and more extended s~le, reflections from                p~~nets,

meteors, aircraft and objects on the ground may be projected on to cloud formations
and haze. Then there are the sightings of those planets which are low on the horizon
sat certain     times of     the year and which appear to change colour and move
erratically, and at fantastic speeds, when observed through haze, or atmospheric
conditions •


.Many reports of such sightings have been received and here is an example of a
particular instance where a satisfactory answer was provided. A report made by an
experienced B.O.A.C. pilot of a sighting at 19,000ft over Goose Bay, Labrador on

Wednesday 30th June 1954 stated that objects had been observed, one primary and six

secondary, which 'accompanied' the B.O.A.C. aircraft for a distance of about 80
miles: all the time they were under observation, the main object was constantly
changing shape.


An investigation was carried out by the Americans who obtained a subsequent report

from a ship at sea in the same vicinity. They described what was apparently the same

phenomenon.    Members of    the ship's COO!pC¥1Y however,     definitely identified the
sighting as the planet Mars, and gave full details of the mirage conditions Which
were prevailing on that day.

                                             7
                               PHOTOGRAPHS


Of photographic evidence little needs to be said. There is nothing in the world more
easy to fake than a photographic fiLm or plate and the majority of photographs which
have been seen certainly invite suspicion. There are the few pictures that have been
published in the press which are obviously of natural phenomena, such as mock moons
                                                       .
and suns, and Which emphasize the probability that the objects in the others are
faked.


The two reproductions on pages 3 and 4 (Adamski and below) [published over~QUEST]
illustrate clearly the considerable opportunities for faked photography on the
subject. That on page 3 (Adamski) [saucer-shape-QUEST] in particular could so easily
be an industrial or operating theatre lamp shade complete with bulbs.


                                          8
FIG.1


        • II -   ..


                      /


FIG.2


            9
                            RADAR        SIGHTINGS


Radar 'sightings' constitute the remaining source of flying saucer reports, and
these reports, generally speaking fall into certain explainable categories.


Radar Echoes


Echoes from Precipitation


Non-Standard Atrnospherical Conditions


Ionised Gases


Meteors & Meteorites


Radar Equipnent


                                           10
                              RADAR       ECHOES


Radar echoes can be produced by a variety of objects, not all of which are visible
to the human eye. The majority of solid objects which return radar energy produce
responses on the radar operators tube which are easily recognised; moving objects
such as aircraft and birds are normally readily identifiable by the sound and shape
of the response and by the velocities, altitudes and movement they exhibit.
Meteorological balloons might also be included in this group of identifiable objects
as they normally produce distinctive echoes, particularly as many of them carry
reflectors specially designed t9 assist in the plotting of their course by radar.
However, some balloons, such as those used for       ~onospheric   sounding,   fly at
altitudes beyond the reach of aircraft and travel with the upper winds at speeds in
excess of 100mph. Radar returns from such balloons, when first encountered could
mystify a radar operator and give the impression that a flying saucer has been
sighted. On the rare occasion when reports of unidentified objects have their origin
in one of these solid bodies it is usually a simple matter to identify the object by
enquiries addressed to the appropriate authority.


                                           11
                  ECHOES       FROM PRECIPITATION


Radar echoes may be produced by condensed water vapour in the form of rain drops,
ice crystals or snow, a phenomenon which has been put to good use by civil aviation
to assist pilots in dangerous cloud formations.


Responses on a radar tube from such targets may cover a considerable distance,

exhibit irregular, diffused boundaries and have a rapidly fluctuating intensity.
Movement will generally be related to the slide of the main air current in which the

radar is situated, and it may be anything from ----- to 100mph or more, whilst the
                                                                               ,
altitude may range from ground level to 40,000ft. Generally the nature of the target

is obvious by its size and by the pattern of the responses, but the picture changes
with time and may appear unusual and confusing to an inexperienced operator.


                                        12
      NON-STANDARD              ATHOSPHERICAL CONDITIONS


Under certain meteorological conditions inhomogeneities occur in the atmosphere, and
these may be responsible for some unusual radar echoes. The required condition can
occur up to heights in the order of 200 miles, but the strength of signals returned
from such nebulous targets is likely to be too low to produce a distinguishable
response except on very rare occasions. Perhaps it is this very rarity which assists
in the creation of another saucer.


Unusual meteorological conditions can also cause radar signals to be return~d from
                                                                            '
objects at distances far in excess of normal radar range equipment. Responses caused
by this anomalous propagation are superimposed on the radar picture of the area and
can lead to confusion. The effect occurs most frequently in tropical and sub-
tropical areas and usually persists for an appreciable time, sometimes for an hour
or more. The effect is well known and because of its relative stability and duration
would not normally give rise to unusual reportings.


                                          13
                              IONISED GASAS


It has been suggested that ionised gas clouds in the atmosphere produce a type of
radio echo which may be confused with those tangible objects. Although radio energy
is undoubtedly reflected and refracted by ionised gases (long distance, short wave
communications depend on this very fact) the effect falls off very rapidly above,
                                                        '
say, 30Mc/s, whilst 60Mc/s appears to be the upper limit at which it has been
recorded. Some of the early radar equipment still in use does operate within these
frequency limits but it is incapable of the definition necessary to contribute to
the notion of flying saucers. Further, except for the very short-lived effects in
the wake of meteorites, ionised gases in the quantities required appear rarely to
exist at heights as low as 35 miles.


                                         14
                        METEORS         &     METEORITES


It has been known for many years that radio energy is reflected by meteors, and
knowledge of the fact has proved valuable in the hands of astronomers. Meteors reach
the outer fringes of the earth's atmosphere in numbers as high as 100,000 per hours
but only very few survive long enough to come within the range of radar, the
                                                            '
majority being vaporized by frictional heat. Meteors approach the earth at all
angles of incidence, from vertical to glancing, and at velociti~s in the order of
10,000mph. Radar responses from these astronomical targets appear            to be rare, but
such targets may produce responses at any range or altitude, subject only ,to the
capabilities of the radar set itself and to the size of the meteor.


Unlike aircraft and balloons the presence of the meteorological and astronomical
targets cannot be verified after the event except in the most general way; by
carefully   sifting   through   operators's      reports,   and   studying    meteorological
conditions on the paths of expected meteor showers at the time of the incident, it
is often possible to produce a tentative explanation for the responses but, because
of the transitory nature of the target, it is seldom conclusive.


                                            15
                              RADAR EQUIPMENT


Another possibility which deserves consideration is interference from other radar

equipnent, generally, the cause of this type of spurious response is inmediately
obvious but it can happen that the characteristics of the two radar sets bear such a

relationship that the interference gives rise to one, sometimes two, bright spots on

the radar tube, which may for a short time exhibit some of the characteristics of an

actual target. Even in this case, the true nature of the resi>onse can usually be ·

quickly determined except when the interfering radar set is mobile and the operator

is unaware of its presence.


                                        16
                             INVESTIGATION


The investigation of reports of flying saucers presents very apparent difficulties,
the major one of which is that, ninety-nine times out of a hundred, the scent is
completely cold. It is only fair to point out that in every other case, i.e. When
reports are telephoned and promptly checked on the spot,, the sighted object has been
identified as a balloon or conventional aircraft. For the investigation of cold-
scent reports there are various media through which information and assistance are
obtained: the Royal Observatory and Meteor Section of the British Astronomical
Association give information on meteors, fire balls and all astral phenomena; the
Meteorological Office,   Royal Air Force Station,      London Airport and Bristol
University cover radio sonde, cosmic research and other balloons; Fleet Air Arm and
Royal Air Force units and formations give details of aircraft movements; and the
Police assist in the investigation of all types of reports.


From these sources has come most of the information leading to the true identity of
flying saucers, and their ----- operation in the tedious processes of investigation
is invaluable. An instance is given of a report by a man who, returned home late one
night, stated emphatically that he had seen a flying saucer hovering over a field
quite a short distance from his point of observation. The "thing" according to his
story, moved slowly up and down. Evidence was obtained from local po~ice to the
effect that on that night, at that time, and in that place, an unfortunate farmer
had lost a haystack due to a fire!


Generally it can be accepted that, of all reports received, the vast majority are
all things identifiable as one of the conventional objects em.nnerated above; the
remainder are unexplained because the evidence is either too sparse, too vague, or
too contradictory.


                                         17
As a matter of interest, where the reports are explained it is mainly in terms of
meteors, planets, balloons and aircraft. Noteworthy among the other explanations are
included aircraft with rocket assisted take-off, car headlights reflected onto high
cloud, and the recently adopted navigational lighting system of American Civil
aircraft.


                                                                             /


                                         18
                               CONCLUSIONS


The civilised world has become conscious or, perhaps it would be more apt to say,
has been made conscious of flying saucers or UFOs; whenever an airborne object is
not clearly recognised as something conventional it becomes a mystery whose
magnitude varies according to the observers susceptibility. Many people are very
susceptible to the influence of the press or radio. A news item on flying saucers
promptly induces a spate of reported new sightings.


Sensible and rational reporting of UFOs is the duty · of all who are concerned with
flying. Apart from astral or meteorological phenomena, which are of interest to
specialists in these matters there is always the chance of observing foreign
aircraft of revolutionary -----. As for controlled manifestations from outer space,
there is no tangible evidence of their existence.


                                        19
                              :


        ,
                         .
                 b ·.. t ~

~ -- ~c~+~;:
·-.:~~ ...... .· .. . . . .


             20
