{"created_utc": "2026-09-16T02:02:26Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 401642, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304026151165446, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116235-letter-to-a-h-belmont-from-v-p-keay-flying-saucer-report-7-29-1952.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540536910000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116235-letter-to-a-h-belmont-from-v-p-keay-flying-saucer-report-7-29-1952.pdf", "source_sha256": "86f0cc9ccc308fe3fd012a08d8cf0332a230292f6c91e85c0eb5b940abbd4125"}

✓✓


         To                      MR. A. N. Fi                      lONT                                                 rE:     July 29, 1952
                                                                   t,
         FROM                      V. P.
         SUBJECT:                FL VINO SAUCERS

                   PURPOSE:

                            To advise at the pre•~ent tine the Air Force has
                  failed to arrive at any satisfactory conclusion in.
                  its research regarding numerous reports of flying saucers_ and
                  flying discs sighted throughout the United States. -

                   DETAILS:
                                                                              15 a h,
                              Jh'. N. W. Philcos, the Bureau's Air Force._Ltoison     1
                   Rcpresentztftve, made arrangements through the   office of_          ~(
                   Major General John A. Samford, Director   of Air  Intelligence,'      E
                   U.S. Air .Force, to receive a briefing from  Commander Randall_
                   Boyd of the Current Intelligence Branch, Estimates Division,
                   Air 1ntelIigence, regarding the present status of Air Intelligence                                                           t
                   research into the numerous reports regarding flying saucers
                   and flying discs.

                             Commander Boyd advised that Air Intelligence has
                   set up at Wright Patterson Air 'orce Bare, Ohio, the Air
                   Technical Intelligence Center which has been established for
                   the purpose of coordinating, correlating and making research
                   into all reports regarding _flying saucers and flying discs.
                   Be advised that Air Force research has indicated that the       U~
                                                                                                                                                t
                   sightings of flying saucers goes back several centuries and
                   that the number of sightings reported varies with the amount
                   of publicity. He advised that immediately if publicity appears                                                               I
                   in newspapers, the number of sightings reported increases
                   considerably and that citizens tmx ediately call in reporting
                   sightings which occurred several months previously.   Commander
                   Boyd stated that these reported sightings of flying saucers
                   are placed into three classifications by Air Intelligence:

                            (1) Those sightings which are reported by citizens oho
                            claim they have seen flying saucers from the ground.
                            These sightings vary is description, color and speeds.
                            Very lit -tie e. edence is given to these sightings
                            inasmuch as in most in tarees they are believed to be
                            imaginative or come esnlafaable object which actually
                            crossed through the sky.

                            (2) Sightinos reported br cormercial or military
                            pilots. These sightings cre considered pcore credible


                   NIP: Pike
                                                                                                                              2. 2ja'fy-,Z~

                            ~I   a ~    ` -r ~►
                                          ~~y~  i          r   t        -   -.   ' -r   te                a '' i   .a            f-
                       ..                                          -

                                                       ~~.1,~          ' s.,..:-~►           •fir   ~•~
y...rA
   ..         r             ti t    •   w   •r ~ t' -' :   .
ci


     £


              by the Air Force inasmuch as commercial or military
              pilots are experienced in the air and are not
              expected to see objects which are entirely imaginative.
              In each of these instances, the individual who reports
              the sighting is thoroughly interviewed by a representative
              of Air Intelligence so that a complete description of
              the object sighted can be obtained.

             (3) Those sightings which are reported by pilots and
             for which there is additional corroboration, such. as
             recording by radar or sighting from the..ground.
             Commander Boyd advised that this latter classification
             constitutes two or three per cent of the total number .
             of sightings, but that they are the most credible _
             reports received and are difficult to explain. Hose
             of these sightings are originally reported from the
             ground,. then are observed by pilots in the air and then
             are picked up by radar instruments. He stated that in
             these instances there is no doubt that these individuals
             reporting the sightings actually did see something in
             the sky. However, he explained that these objects could
             still be natural phenomena and still could be recorded
             on radar if there was some electrical disturbance in the
             sky.

                   He stated that the flying saucers are most frequently
         observed in:areas'where there is heavy air traffic, such as'
         bashington, D.C.; and
                                New York City. He advised, however,'tha₹
         some reports. are:received from other parts of the,country._
         covering the entire.United States and that sightings_have-.aZso
         recently been 'reported as far distant as Acapulco, Mexico;
         3orea and French Morocco. He advised that theaightirigs,
         reported in the ,last classification have never been satisfactorly
         explained. He pointed out, however,.,that .it is •still. possible
         that these objects may be a natural phenomenon or,some ,type
         of atmospherical disturbance. He advised that it is not
         entirely impossible that the objects sighted_ ayLpossibly be
         ships from another planet such as Mars.. He advised that at
         the present time there is nothing to substantiate this theory
         but the possibility is not being overlooked. "He stated that-


         Air Intelligence is fairly certain that these objects are not
         thins or missiles from another nation in this world. Commander
         Boyd advised that intense research is being carried on presently
         by Air Intelligence, and at the present time when credible
         reportings of sightings are received, the Air Force is attempting
         in each instance to send up jet interceptor planes in order to


                                                                              I
                                                                  i


obtain a better view of these objects. However, recent attempts
in this regard have indicated that when the pilot in the jet
approaches the object it invariably fades from view.

RECOInENDATION:

         None.    The foregoing is for your information.
