{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T21:25:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 13, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 769252, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116257-testimony-on-national-security-act-of-april-29-1947.pdf", "source_sha256": "12f29388fca2e0c4d42d020394c70e039c6b90285330b0b01434d3c7b35aba30"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 68, "chars": 528, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
THIS IS A COVER SHEET
FOR CLASSIFIED INFORMATION
ALL INDIVIDUALS HANDLING THIS INFORMATION ARE REQUIRED TO PROTECT
IT FROM UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE IN THE INTEREST OF THE NATIONAL
SECURITY OF THE UNITED STATES.
HANDLING, STORAGE, REPRODUCTION AND DISPOSITION OF THE ATTACHED
DOCUMENT MUST BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE EXECUTIVE
ORDER(S), STATUTE(S) AND AGENCY IMPLEMENTING REGULATIONS.
(This cover sheet is unclassifled.)
704-101
NSN 7540-01-213-7902
SECRET
STANDARD FORM 704 (8-85)
Prescribed by GSA/ISOO
32 CFR 2003

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 100, "chars": 718, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
ZENTRAL INTELLIGENCE GROUP
NEW WAR DEPARTMENT BUILDING
2iet and VIRGINLA AVENUE, N. T,
WASHINGTOH, D. C.
232
INT 745/1
Till.
wiN
•
29 APR 1947
Subject:
The Secretary of State
The Secretary of Mar
The Secretary of the Nary
Fleet ddmiral Filliam Do Leahy y
Iestimony on lational Security det of 1947.
Doclosed herorith 1s the text of my statement 1u
suppart oi section 202 ol the lationa security det oI
1947. This statemont riI? be nado bolore the Sanate Armed
Bervices Committee and tha House Comultitee on Expenditures
in the Executive Departments, on 29 AprIl and I Hay
respectively.
In Fior of this
Hon
3.Uo
BOTT 9. VANDENBER
Lieulanza: Gosaral, USh
Disector of Central Istalligenos
--...
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 46, "chars": 368, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
REFTE JELU in.de stra, s..
"r. itte
Ariane, wenyr..
UNCLASSIFIED
EOR RELEASE ON DELIVERY
INT 745/2
Statement of
IIEITEIANT GENERAL HOIT S. VANDENBERG
Directór of Centrel Intelligence
Belore The
Arred Services Comittee
Df the
United States Senate
on s. 758,
"The Nattonal Security Áet of 1947".
-.-
•
FCR RELEASE ON DEZIVERX
4
(756)
....ininnninionnisoseo
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 296, "chars": 1840, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•:
....°
UNCLASSIFIED
INT 745/3
it. Chairzan and members of the Comittee:
My appearance before your Comnittee this morning 19 10 SuPPOr
I Section 202 of the proposed National security ict oi 1941
This
section ol the bill mould provide the United States, for the first
time In ita history, mith a Central Intelligence service created o
ect of Congress.
our present organization, the Central Intelligenoe
the Prasident.
241: sentere see adoption of tie intelligence portetons of this
seation 202 mill enable us to do our sbare fu masntainine ti
national security
• til lor a litm basis on mhioo me can constit
the finest Intolligence service in the morld,
It ny opinion, astrong Intelligence system is equally it not
nose essential in peace than in war.
Upon us has fallen leadership
In Forld affalrs.
The oceans have shrunk, 'until today both Europe
and Asia border the United States almost as do Canada and Lexico.
The Interests, intentions and capabtlities of the various nations ou
these land wasses must be fully know to our national policy makers.
He must have this Intelligence If me are to be forewarned against
possible acts of aggression, and it me are to be arned against.
disaster in an era of atonio mariare.
I loom you gentlemen understand that the nature of sane of the
I feel that the
rization such as ours — or the Intelligence Divisions of the drmed
lervices, or the F.B.I, — carnot expose certain of their actiritie:
o public gaze, I therefore ask Jour indulgence — and through yor
the indolgence of the people - to limit my remarks on the record
his morning to a general approach to the subject of « Centra
Intelligence Agency.
Pear Harbor is ded not are an ast pungene eras as that buiry
or Serable to did not are e tacause the peeple of the inted stata.
It was felt that there nas something Un-Americar
:
:
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2316, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
::
•
... UNCLASSIFIED -
1N7745/4
about espionage and even about intelligence generally.
There mast a
leeling that all that was necessary to min a mar — if there ovor mere
to be another var — nas an ability to shoot straight.
ane of the
great pre-mar fallacies mas the common alaconceptios that, If the
Japanese sbould challenge us in the Pacific, our armed services mould
be able to handie the probler in a matter of a fer ronths at nost,
All intelligence is not sinister, nor is it an Invidious type
of Hork.
But before the Second World
Har, our Intelligence services..
had left Jargely untapped the groat open sources of infornation upon
which roughly 8o per cent of intelligence should nornally be based.
I near such things as books, magazines, technical and scientitic
surveys, protographs, commercial analyses, zenspapera and izalo broad-
casts, and general infornation tra people rith a knowledge of affairs
heat restened our position further mis that those of our ..
abroad one eaten did done these to sated
to coardinate their rosults rith each other.
The Joint Congressional Connittee to Investigate the Pearl Harbor
Attack reached mury pertinent conclusions icgarding the short-coming:
I our intelligence aystem and made soge very sound recamendations .
Ior Its improvement. He are incorporating mary of these into our
present thining.
The Committee shored that some very significant
information had not becn correctly evaluated.
It found that one of
the avaluated infornation tas not passed on to the field commanders.
But, oves and above these failures were others, perhaps nore serious,
which ment to the very strueture of our intelligence organizations.
I am talking now of the fatlure to exploit obvious sources; the raslure
and our foreiga political poliales on one hand and our National
Defense Establisimest and its policies on the other.. Stailarly riti
shy, with some of the finest
ear arnor to dear in our histary — my vas it possible for a
The "Conmattes recommended that intellizence mork have central1za-
tion of authority and clear cut allocation of Insponsibility.
specitic fault with the systen of dissemination then in use — or, moro
accirately, the lack of dissentnation of Intelligence to those nó had
altal noad of it. It stated that "the security of the ration can be
UNCLASSIED
1224

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 264, "chars": 1719, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
=..
"UNCLASSHIED-
INT 745 /5
insured orly through continuity of service and centralization of
responsibility in those charged uith, handling intelíigence."
Iound that there is no substitute ios luagination and resourceful-
1638 on the part of intelligence personnel, and that part of ta
rafluze in this respect res "the fallure to accora to Intentigena
nork the inportant and significant role which it deserves."
The
Committee declared that "efficient intelligence services are just
as 'essential la time of peRce as la tar."
AlI of these flndings and recommendations have ny hearty coacur-
rence. In the Central Intelligence Group, and in Its successor hich
this bill creates, aust be found the anamer to the prevention of
another Pearl Harbor-
As the Inited States lound Itself suddonly projected into a global
7a5, imponse, gaps in our knowledge became reacily apparent.
The nord
"intelligence" quickly took on a fastionable connotation,
Icz-fumds ard specialized personnel ras a monumental example oi vaste.
The Har and Navy Departments developed ful] political and economio
Stallagune starte, an did tha Rosearoh and Analyala Dirlsion of the
they had the reports of the Board of Econonic
hese agorcies bad competed to secure the best personnol, It tas noc
ssary lor each of the
to back up its experts by asserting that its
particular reports were the bast available, and that the othors right
sell be disregarded.
• 2911 beteneras darshall stated in testifying on the anteat on
the Senate Wilitary Affaira Coamitteo Jast year,
-
-
But portere ras Its collection, production or dissemination fally
General Marshall pointed
Thet nould seen to
be a very simple thing to do, but it ras not et al3."
-3-
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2154, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
..:
UNCLASSFED -
Ihere are great nasses of information available "o us in peace
25 1s Tas.
With our mar-time experience behind us, me know now where
to Jook lor Daterial, as tell as for That to 100k.
The transition
Iro war to peace does not change the necessity for coordination of
the collection, production and dissemiration of the increasingly vast
quantities of foreign intelligence infornation that are becaring
aval lable.
Inds coordination the Central Intelligence Agency TIll supply.
Fresident Roosevelt established the Office of Strategic Services
for the purpose of gathering together men of exceptional background and
ability who could operate in the Meld of national, rather than depart-
entel, Inter ligence,
In reighing the merits of the O.S.S., one should
remember that it came late into the field.
It was a stop gap.
right, it mas given a function to perforu that the British, for instance,
had been developing since the days of queen Elizabeth.
siders these lactis,
the nork of the 0.5.5. nas quite remarkable and its
knora fatlures wust be reighed against its successes.
smoked a date tire poled in the die once or all eat
Intelligence. He are now attempting to profft by their expert ences
and mistakes.
INT 745 €
the United States should not, in my
opinion, find itself again confronted with the necassity of developing
For months me had to rely blindly and trustingly on the superlos
Our successes prove that thia trust
• are ones da, the taited States should
Homever, in matters so vital to a ration
•
The need for our om coordinated intelligence program has been
recognized la most quarte
The Pearl Harbor disaster dranatisod that
need and stop gap measures mere adopted, As the nar deem to a close,
the President directed the Joint Chiefs of Stars to study the proble
and dratt recomendations or the future.
The solution offered by the
End the saty se pr master do the ed resulted an e
The program which they evolved resulted In an Executive
Directivo Ircu Fresident Inuan, dated 22 Jannary 1946,.
Pith your
Ir. Chairman,
Derective into the record at this point.
I mould like to introduce that Exccutive
**#*
-4-
....
UNCLASSFIED

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 89, "chars": 695, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=
-
INT 745/
Inis Exocutiva
Directive established the National Intelligenca
Authority.
It consists of low voting beabers - the Secretarles of
A Iith member +
Intelligence authority are
transforrod to the National Security
Council under Section 202 (C)(1) Of the b111,
The President's Directive aiso providad for a Central Intelligence
Group as the operating agency of the National Intelligonce Authority-
The Irector Of Central Intelligence is presently charged rith
the folloring basic functions:
ForeiEn Servico DI tiho State Department.
• 3. The dissemination of the national intelligence produced.
ciently Becomplished contrally.
He feel confident that If
effletercy and economy.
UNCLASSFED

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 309, "chars": 2018, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
u..
UNCLASSIRED
Contrary to some criticism phich has appeared in the public press,
the 511} operation of a Central Intelligence Agency MIll not interfere
mith the legitimate activities of the several departuents and their
agentles, nor will it duplicate their work.
I can say, that the per-.
eral coardinated pians end progrems alrorty in effect or in prepara-
fion have the support of the agencles. They see in trese prograns
prospects, for orderly operations and eltrination of masterul duplica-
Than every Intelligence agency knons exactly That is expected
intelligence adsaion, and when It can coust, as the result of Miz
agreement, on being supplied mith what it needs Izon other fields,
each agenes can concentrate on its om, primary field aza co that
superior job rhich morld conditions require.
INT 745/7
production and dissent-
carrying out these functions.
In order to perlorn his prescribed functions, the Director of
Central Intelligence must keep in close and intimate contact mith the •
departnental intelligenae agencies of the Goverrment.
To provide
formal machinery for this purpose, the resident's Directive estat-
Ished an Intelligence Advisory Board to advise the Director. The
permanent reubers ol this Board are the Directors of Intelligence of
the State, Har and Navy Departments and the dir Farca. Frovisio
maLe, moreover, to invite the heads of other intelligence agenoies to
sit as members of the Advisory Board on all matters shich mould affect
In this manner, the Board servos to furnish the
It snored at thought in condon eat so eat men ve
internal security functions shall be exercísed.
These provisions are
indee, 10.
Ior they dran the lines very sharpiy between the G.1,0.
In addition, the prohibition against police poress
* Internal security functions v111 assure that the Central Intolli-
ence Group can never become a Gestapo or security police
I securitE all possible data pertaining to foreign goverrments o
the national defense and security of the United States.
...
UNGLASSIFED

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 381, "chars": 2471, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
inriEULi tratt ihu. sla.a ul
latc seru tuten,
UNCLASSIFIED
I Ieel it is sale to say that in peace time approimatoiy 80 per
cent of the foreign intelligence Information nacessary to succossfui
By overt means
basteally, a thorough
INT 745
virtumzy sinEgoring»
It enccupasses every Iield of endezvor - nilt-
tary, politiaai, econoate,
comercil, Ilnanciai, agricultural, mineraz,
labos, scientitic, tochnical, auong others - an endless and inarhaus-
tilble supply.
Ihere erists a nisconception in the minds of sone peopie regarding
as contrasted
the taok inteligence is to perforu in tios of peac that ta martine
with its task in time of mar.
Thin nisconception 1s
inteligenco is more important and more difflcult than in time of peaco.
• . This 18 d'Iellnëy.
Is the midst of a mat, our armed Iorcas, mith thei!
inteligence services, gather vast amouts of stratogic and tastical
Information, Ihis may be secured through the underground, ar resistanoe
goтementв, ronnianç, Prione-OI-Mar Interrogation, ana aeria]
photographs taken in gpite of enemy Jesistance -. to mention & Lem
But theae souroos are drastically reduced as our forces retura hone.
Such Infornation, thich can be collected during actuat conbat, da
Jargely denfed is in peaco-time.
the painstaliog study of that avallable overt mstertal I mentioned a
Ilnuțe ago, in arder to replace the materlal readily avatlable during
coabato
BELLE
II ro Iall to take adrantage of these vast masses of nateriai, to
lie must realize also that me
gence systers lor centuries to keep their Ieaders informed of interna-
tional Intentions - to Inform then long before Intentions hare nater
jalized into action.
Among the primary collecting agenoles in the field of foreign in-
telligence pre the illitary, air and naval attaches of the defense es.
tabliahment, and the foreign Service officers Of the State Departaent.
The Ceutral Tatelligence Group can not and MIl not supplant there people.
Iter do nost rzluable nork In the field of collection.
and nooda in thia field are establ aned, ther value 111 be anorea igg
Inis 1l1 be particularly true as the boundarles of depart-
mental collection bacome fraly defínod, and rasteti, dualication ane.
OrBIap are eliminated os reduceG.
As I statod, It is not the province of the Central Intel11 genc
boup to take orer departnenta
collaction activities.
This 1s the
tupe of collection nhlch can best be doze by the experta of the depait
ments in their parious fields.
-7-
UNGLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 324, "chars": 2161, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
/
UNCLASSIFIED
¡ne role of the central Intelligence Group is to
coordinate this
collection of foreign intelligence information and to
avoid masteful
duplication.
The State Department should collect political and socio-
Logical intelligence in its basta field.
The Navy Department should
devote its efforts primarily to the collection of naval intelligence.
There shorld be so reason, for example, for the allitar, attache to
turnish the Her Iepartment with detailed politicz, and palitical -
This material should be collected by the State
Departed mitary attache should receive pollteal inform-
Departreat,
tlan, he should hand it right across the desk in the coassy to tne
appropriate membor ol the ForeigI Servica, aDd TiCE MeTal,
He are engrged in making continual surveys of alu tovertment
agencies to ascertain thelr requirenents in foreign intelligence.
Then tro or more agencies have similar or identical requirements, fhe-
collection effort for ona can be rude to satisly all others.
additional action negessary la the additional dissenination.
In determining, apportloning and ellocating the primary feld of
responsibility among the various agencies af the Government,
It is uses
ful to rote one additional factor.
After this mass of material has been
studied and evaluated, certain gaps ia the over-all picture mIII be
INT 745/9
and nor by this proposed Jegis-
The second major component of a successful Central Intelligénce
igency is that confug under the broad general heading of production.
This invoives the evaluation, correlation and interpretation of the
forelen intelligence information gathered for the production of intel-
It involves the process of systematic and critical examina-
ton of intalligence information or be purpose of determing na
It involves the process of
setasis of the particular tea it on the sable
related paterial, It involves the process of determiniag the probable
significance of evaluated intelligence.
infornation gathered in the field 1s sent to tho department гввроп
ible for Its collection
This material is necessary to that department,
Each department must have
The heads of Government depart-
-B-
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 414, "chars": 2828, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
INT 745,
Erob department Just avaluato and possalate and Irerprot thet 1rtr211-
gence information which is mithin itu om exclusive competenoe and mhich
Is readed Ior its ou departmental use.
The iportance of research to tha Central Intolligence Agaoy becaes
Verident run no atart to deal mith intelligence on a national as distin-
gulabed Ițö ș departmental Ievel.. The research provided by the central
agency must be turned to the production of estinates in the field of na-
National intelligence 1s that conposite intelligenca,
'"Interdesertgental In character, rhich is requirod by the fresident and
othes tien ficials and staffs to assist then in determining pollates
Tith respoct, to rational planning and security in peace and in nas, and
tor tho idricement of broad national policy, Mational intelligence I
In that broad political - econonic - mIlitary area, of concern to more
than one agency.
It must be objective, and it must transcend the exclu
Bive competence dI any one department
,Coa. et the greatest contributions rhich a Central Intelligence Agency
makes is the preparation of national intelligence estimates.
-
estimate of the naval potentialities and espabilities; and on the State
Dopartmont, thich mould cover the political and soctological picture.
But
nontore mould there be an over-all estimate.
Horhere mas there such an
estimate before Pearl Harbor.
Each department mould, ol' necessity, pra-
sent an estimate slanted to its om particular fleld. Nor it falls to
the Centrel Intelligence Agency to present this over-all picture in a
balanced, national intelligence estimate,
including all pertinent data.
Frau this the Fresident and appropriate officials can dran a mell-rounder
picture on which to base their policies, ind it should be cleariy borne
in mind that the Central Intelligonce Agency does not make poller
The estimates furnished in the torn of strategic and nattora
'polity intelligence by the Central Intelligence Group IIII a nost
sartous gap in our present Intelligenco structure.
These estimates
should répresent the most comprebensive, complate and precisa rational
Intplligenós avallable to the Goveriment.
Hithout a central research
staff moducing this material, an intelligence systen would merely
, FenceDLa & costly froup al lactories, each manufacturing component
parts, althout a centrai assembly line lar
Ihe third component of the successful Central Intelligence Agonay 1s
Just as there is no purpose in colleat-
Ing intelligence information unleas it is subsequently analyzed and worked
into a Inal product, 8o there 1s no sense in developing a final produot
If it 1s not disseninated to those who have nead of it.
The diasemination
of intelligence in mandatory to those officiala of the Goverment nho need
• It to make theis decisions.
-9-
......=:
UNGLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2501, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
A Coatral Ta Alligence Agency, proporly cognant of the Intelligence INT 74:
requirenents of the ratious departuents and agencies, is best equippod to
handle the dissentestion to ali departuents of the usterlal to meet these.
requarenents. :
:%. The completies of intelligenco, the immensities of information
17. "
In addition to the functions mentioned, it is necessary Ior & Gen-
tral Intelligence Agency to perforn others of common concern to tiro or more
agenatos.
'These are projects rhich it is belleved can be most efficiently
or economleally perforned centrally.
dr example of nach a servico 1s the
monitoring at foreign voice broadcasts.
Ihere are many departnents of the
Goverment ritally interested in this matter.
to one department should
shoulder the burden of its operation and expense,
Nor ahould tro or riote
agengles be duplicating the operation.
It should rest rith a central agency
to operato such a service lar «ll. Similarly, ne have centralized the ac
țiritles of the various foreign document branches which sere operated by
iano of the services individually or jointly during the tai,
I rould call your attention to the fact that the kind of men rho exa
able to executo the iritelligence mission successInlly are not too fre-
quentiy found. They must be given an opportunity to becone part of a se-
• oure and permanent agency which mill gron in ability rith the constant ex-
arcise of its functious in the fields of operations and researca, He must
nave the best aratiabis nen, warling 1b the best possibia atrosphere, ani
eith the finest tools this Goverment can afford
It is very dis-
I respectilly vuze the pessare of Section 20k or toi
needed to make for operational efficiency.
I urgù your increased ano
continued interest i an intelligence systen abich oan do much tomard
Such a systen indicates the necessity for a Central Intalligence Agency
to auguent and coordinate these intolligenca missions and functions of tir
armed satricos and the Department of Stats, Such an agency should be given
the authority to provide research and analysis 1e the interest of national
Istelligence, He loon that the passage of much legiolation #1II enable us
to establish a field attractive to men of nutstanting background and expor-
fence is intelligence.
These individuais mill upet the challenge of the
tank before them - the most atimulating in which nan can serve their
country - by the production of a positive safegsard to the national
security.
•
..
-10
UNCLASSFIED
