{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T03:38:55Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 26, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1036305, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116283-special-access-programs-air-force-instruction-16-701.pdf", "source_sha256": "826e4bcdca8b56a9514993fbe7cd01264918df59d1c997d957a9d05df909efad"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2427, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BY ORDER OF THE
SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE
AIR FORCE INSTRUCTION 16-701
I NOVEMBER 1995
Operations Support
SPECIAL ACCESS PROGRAMS
COMPLIANCE WITH THIS PUBLICATION IS MANDATORY
NOTICE: This publication is available digitally on the SAF/AAD WWW site at: http://afpubs.hq.af.mil.
If you lack access, contact your Publishing Distribution Office (PDO).
OPR: SAF/AAZ (Lt Col Leonard E. Patterson)
Certified by: SAF/AA (Mr. William A. Davidson)
Supersedes AFI 16-701, 28 Jan 94
Pages: 27
Distribution: F
The Air Force protects its operational and technological advantages using special access controls. This
instruction implements AFPD 16-7, Special Access Programs; Executive Order 12356; Title 10, U.S.C.
Section 119; and DoD Directive 5205.7. It complements APPD 31-4, Information Security, and AFI
31-401, Information Security Program Management. It applies to all people and groups involved in Spe-
cial Access Programs (SAPs), including contractors.
SUMMARY OF REVISIONS
This is the second publication of AFI 16-701, revising the 28 January 94 publication. It clarifies, updates,
and streamlines previous guidance on special access programs. A I denotes revised material.
Supersession history: AFR 205-7, Jan 92.
1. Overview of the Air Force Special Access Administrative Process. When normal security meth-
ods cannot protect an activity from a known threat, special access controls safeguard operational and tech-
nological advantages from potential enemies by limiting access to information about, or observation of,
certain weapons, weapon systems, techniques, and operations. DoD, SAF, HQ USAF, and many com-
mands, agencies, and program offices work together in SAPs to create, maintain, modify, and terminate
special access controls. The Secretary of the Air Force and Deputy Secretary of Defense set formal SAP
policy. A SAP's dynamic oversight feature must be at least equal to normal security programs; justify the
need for special access controls by constantly monitoring the specific threats) to the program; and require
individuals to follow tailored security and operating procedures, public laws, and national policies.
2. Program Oversight. For security reasons, few people have blanket access to SAPs. Among those
authorized personnel are members of the Special Access Required (SAR) Programs Oversight Committee
(SPOC), the Special Access Program Review Group (SPRG), and selected members of Congress and the

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 466, "chars": 3427, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Department of Defense as approved by the DepSecDef. The SECAF chaired SPOC ensures SAP status is
justified and that SAPs conform to standards and policy. It reviews program elements, security, and
audits of all Air Force SAPs and eliminates duplicate efforts by SAPs and other programs. The SPRG, on
the other hand, acts as the Air Force OPR for programmatic and resource review of Special Access Pro-
grams.
3. Special Access Programs Categories. For the purpose of sending annual budget reports to Con-
gress, DoD 5205.7 categorizes Special Access Programs as Acquisition (AQ-SAP), Operations & Support
(OS-SAP) or Intelligence (IN-SAP).
3.1. AQ-SAP activities are reported to OUSD(A&T)/DSP (AQ-SAP Central Office) because they
receive RDT&E, procurement funds, or both,
3.2. OS-SAP activities are reported to DUSD(P)/PS (OS-SAP Central Office) because they do not
receive RDT&E or procurement funds, but do protect sensitive operations.
3.3. IN-SAP activities are reported to ASD(C3I)/ODASD(I&S) (IN-SAP Central Office) because
they are intelligence funded.
4. Acquisition Planning. Managers of SAPs impacted by DoD acquisition directives (5000 x series)
must consider guidelines specifically tailored to SAPs.
4.1. Contracting in Special Access Programs. SAPs conform to contracting regulations, including
the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), Defense FAR Supplement (DFARS), and Air Force FAR
Supplement (AFFARS). These regulations reflect the laws, Executive Orders, and OSD policy apply-
ing to all DoD acquisitions except those specifically exempted. In addition, major command regula-
tion supplements and other regulations further guide contracting offices. Clearly, SAP acquisition
offices may not be able to conform to some regulations without compromising national security or
violating security restrictions. Some regulations already provide sufficient exceptions for national
security or classified information. Other deviations may require case-by-case waivers.
4.1.1. SAF/AQCF is the Air Force focal point for FAR, DFARS, and AFFARS deviations. SAP
acquisition offices submit deviation requests to the SAF/AQC contracting staff officer located in
SAF/AQL for staffing and approval. Deviation requests must be formatted IAW DEARS 201.402
and AFPARS 5301.402.
4.2. Designating Carve-Out Contracts. "Carve-out contracting" removes a program from the
security oversight of the Defense Investigative Service's Defense Industrial Security Program. The
DoD Information Security Regulation (DoD 5200.1R) authorizes carve-out contracting only for SAPs
that meet exceptionally stringent security criteria. Chapter XII of DoD 5200.1R describes the criteria
for carve-out status. Only the Secretary or Deputy Secretary of Defense can approve carve-out con-
tracting. Program managers will request carve-out contracting with the request for SAP approval to
the Deputy Secretary of Defense and revalidate carve-out procedures annually.
4.2.1. Using the DD Form 254, DoD Contract Security Classification Specification. Activi-
ties sponsoring a SAP with contractor support use DD Form 254, classified if necessary, when cre-
ating a carve-out from DIS. DD Forms 254 must include requirements for contractor(s) to identify
specific program locations (such as a safes, rooms, buildings, plants, etc.) which are a "carve-out"
to the program's CSA. Send a copy of each DD Form 254 to the proper DIS security office, except
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 594, "chars": 4138, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
when a SAP needs extra protection. In this case, forward DD Form 254 to SAF/AAZ, who noti-
fies DUSD(P) or DIS.
5. Relationships Among Special Access Security Controls, Procedures, Activities, Programs, and
Other Security Systems. Executive Order 12356, National Security Information, as implemented by
Information Security Oversight Office (ISOO) Directive No 1; DoD 5200.1R/AFPD 31-4/AFI 31-401;
and DoDD O-5205.7, implements special access controls. These controls provide extraordinary protec-
tion by: keeping personnel access to the minimum needed to meet program goals; setting investigative or
adjudicative criteria for persons seeking access; naming officials who determine whether cleared people
have a need-to-know; using access lists and registered unclassified nicknames (and, in some cases, clas-
sified code words) to identify information needing additional protection; security guides and procedures
specifically tailored for certain information and equipment; and supporting and overseeing infrastruc
tures. Security controls protect a given activity. A special access program is the protected activity. The
Secretary or Deputy Secretary of Defense formally approves, in writing, these legally defined programs
and annually reports on them to Congress. Each Air Force SAP and each SAP the AF operates for other
agencies or activities must be formally registered with SAF/AAZ, the Air Force SAP Central Office
(SAPCO). SAPs containing Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) or Single Integrated Opera-
tional Plan-Extremely Sensitive Information (SIOP-ESD) may have other security control systems, such as
SCI and SIOP-ESI. For example, SAPs must obtain approval to introduce the SAP into a Sensitive Com-
partmented Information Facility (SCIF) from HQ 497 IG/INS and also negotiate a security agreement
with HQ 497 IG/INS. Since SAPs in SCIFs are usually a tenant, SCI directives govern SCI protection.
These additional security control systems apply only to that specific compartmented information. The
term SAP, often substituted for "Special Access Required (SAR)", may describe the security control sys-
tem, the entire effort, and in some cases certain budget information.
6. The SAP Administration System Concept. Senior management uses the SAP to increase the secu-
rity of information about an activity. Only "core secrets" have special access controls; in an unacknowl-
edged program, its very existence is a core secret and all information relating to the program may be
protected with special access controls. Normal security controls, classification, and handling systems
protect other information. Examples of activities protected with special access controls might include a
technology breakthrough or exploitation of an enemy's weakness. A SAP could also fix a US weakness
or protect extremely sensitive operations.
6.1. SAP Initiation and Approval Procedures. An Air Force office wanting to establish a SAP
sends a recommendation through command channels to the HQ USAF or SAF office responsible for
the activity. At a minimum, the request must contain the information in Attachment 2 and the
approval memoranda (Attachment 3) for the Secretary of the Air Force to sign. Mark all documenta-
tion with the proposed special access classification markings (see 6.1.1. paragraph.) or other informa-
tion to reflect minimum access required. Coordinate the request with the responsible DCS, ACS, or
Secretariat office and include at least: HQ USAF/PE, to evaluate funding and manpower need; SAF/
AA, to review security plans; SAF/GC, to review legal issues; SAF/FM, to review funding; and HQ
USAF/IN, to review programs with SCI material or needing the intelligence community to participate
and to approve the overall threat assessment (see 6.1.1.paragraph.). Then send request through HQ
USAF/CC and SAF/US to SAF/OS for the final decision before forwarding it to OSD. The responsi-
ble Air Staff office will prepare proposed approval memoranda for Secretary of the Air Force signa-
ture. SAF/AAZ routes the approval packages through the appropriate OSD Central Office to the
Deputy Secretary of Defense.
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 591, "chars": 3986, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6.1.1. A thorough, current threat assessment constitutes the basis for applying and maintaining
special access controls to a program. In the absence of a threat, special access controls are inap-
propriate. Likewise, changing threats may deem special access controls no longer necessary.
Threat assessments must consider both the system threat and the intelligence threat. System
threats prepared by USAF/IN generally apply to AQ-SAPs and describe the threat to be countered
by the weapon system. The focus of the system threat is to identify current and projected capabil-
ities that an adversary could use to defeat, destroy, degrade, or deny the effectiveness of a pro-
posed concept or system. The intelligence threat, on the other hand, is normally assessed by
AFOSI and describes the susceptibility that program information will be compromised through
foreign intelligence activities. These activities include Signals Intelligence (SIGINT), Imagery
Intelligence (IMINT), Human Intelligence (HUMINT), Measurement and Signatures Intelligence
(MASINT), and Open Source Intelligence (OSINT).
6.1.2. Prospective Special Access Programs (PSAP). During the SAP approval process, you
may protect information with Prospective Special Access Programs (PSAP) procedures. SAF/
AAZ gives PSAP status in a formal memorandum sent to the program office. Unless the PSAP
gains formal SAP status, or the protected program ends or is reclassified, the PSAP automatically
ends after 180 days. A PSAP's only purpose is to protect information until the SAP staffing is
completed.
6.2. Air Force Participation in a Program Directed by Another DoD Component or Another
Agency. Any request for Air Force participation in or support of another DoD Component or
Agency's SAP must be made through SAF/AAZ. At a minimum, the request must contain a proposed
Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) or Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) and the information
described in Attachment 4 SAF/AAZ will ensure the responsible Air Force office reviews the recom-
mendation and coordinates it with the responsible DCS, ACS, or Secretariat office, as well as SAF
OS, SAF/US, HQ USAF/CC, USAF/CV, SAF/GC, SAF/AA, SAF/FM and HQ USAF/PE (for SAPs
proposing to use Air Force funds or manpower), and HQ USAF/IN (for all programs with SCI mate-
rial or having intelligence community participation). SAF/FM will also coordinate on those programs
where Air Force funding is not involved but other component/agency funding flows through Air
Force mechanisms. If the agreement originates outside DoD, the Air Force must notify the Deputy
Secretary of Defense.
6.3. Changes in SAP Controls. SAP managers notify Congress before they make significant
changes in SAPs, such as termination, discarding controls, regrading to collateral, and public
announcement. Program managers prepare notification packages in advance and forward them
through SAF/AAZ to the Deputy Secretary of Defense. Contact SAF/AAZ for additional information.
7. SAP Access. DoD and other Executive Agency and legislative members or employees may require
SAP access to meet their support or oversight responsibilities. Some may need only administrative intor-
mation (such as printing plant personnel and administrative staff) while others (such as the Air Force
SPOC and the Joint Staff's Joint Requirements Oversight Committee (JROC)) may need detailed brief-
ings to fully understand the impact of their actions on a SAP. People outside the Air Force (i.e., DoD/IG,
other services, etc.) normally send a Program Access Request (PAR) memo to the SAPCO (SAF/AAZ),
who forwards it to the program manager to determine the need-to-know and access level. Attachment 5
describes the specific policies and procedures for granting SAP access to legislative members and
employees. Certain organizations, such as the JROC, have established billet structures (as found in JSI
5220.02) to identify personnel needing access because they routinely work SAP issues. Such billet struc-
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 480, "chars": 3357, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tures are not blanket access approvals nor do they give all persons in the billets access to any or all SAPs.
Access is given on a case-by-case, need-to-know basis.
7.1. Ensuring Personnel Security for Access to SAPs. The minimum security clearance level for
access to SAP information is a Secret clearance based on a National Agency Check with Credit Check
(NACC). The NACC must be no more than five years old. Access control procedures are strictly fol-
lowed and to gain access, personnel must accept, in writing, specific restrictions and liability for unau-
thorized disclosure. Additionally, personnel may undergo separate access adjudication procedures
beyond basic security clearance. Persons requiring access to one or more SAPs may be subject to
periodic counterintelligence scope polygraph examinations, within the limits set by Congress or the
Office of the Secretary of Defense. Commanders and supervisors continually evaluate all personnel
with access to SAP information. Follow the continuing evaluation requirements found in AFI 31-501
and in SAP Security/Classification Guides.
7.1.1. Special Handling Procedures. SAP materials require enhanced security measures by all
persons generating or handling such materials. To ensure proper handling of these types of mate-
rials, the procedures and practices listed in Attachment 6 apply to all SAPs.
7.2. Administrative Recourse. The Air Force follows DoD policies for administrative recourse for
all SAP personnel security and access decisions. If reports on a candidate are unfavorable, a central
adjudication office sends a letter to the applicant's security staff stating access is denied, suspended, or
limited. A properly marked, sealed letter for unopened delivery to the candidate is included. When
consistent with national security, the letter explains the action; gives the candidate 30 days to request
information about the action; and states that the candidate may submit clarifying, rebutting, mitigat-
ing, or explanatory information. If, after reviewing the new information, the judgment remains unfa-
vorable, the candidate receives notification and an explanation of other appeal procedures.
8. Responsibilities of Offices Associated with SAPs.
8.1. The Administrative Assistant to the Secretary of the Air Force (SAF/AA) serves as the Senior
Security Official of the Air Force, responsible for policies implemented by this instruction within the
Department of the Air Force and Air Force Contractors, SAF/AAZ, the Air Force SAP Central Office
(SAPCO):
• Maintains the Air Force central registry for all Air Force SAPs.
• Administers oversight and implementation of Air Force SAP security
• Helps SAP security managers develop security plans.
• Coordinates, as the Air Force SAPCO, exteral oversight and support by Department of
Defense Inspector General (DoD/IG), DUSD(P), DIS, General Accounting Office (GAO),
and other US government agencies.
• Forwards packages for creating and disbanding SAPs to DEPSECDEF.
• Coordinates annual reviews of each Air Force SAP.
• Supports or helps obtain specialized support in numerous areas for particularly sensitive pro-
grams. Attachment 7 lists some of the support available.
• Operates and maintains the Air Force database of codewords and nicknames.
8.2. The Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Financial Management (SAF/FM):
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 329, "chars": 2410, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Oversees the financial structure, budget, cost, accounting controls, execution, and comptroller
functions (including audit liaison) for SAPs.
• Approves special funding techniques for programs funded by other than normal means.
8.3. The Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition (SAF/AQ):
• Oversees AQ-SAPs.
• Through the Security Director, publishes classification guidance to ensure coberent security
throughout life of programs.
• Oversees research, technology base, system technical issues, and systems development related
to SAPs.
• Provides program milestone guidance and support.
• Oversees polices for SAP production, contract, and business issues.
8.4. The Office of the General Counsel (SAF/GC) has access to all SAPs and reviews them for com-
pliance with law, Executive Order, and regulation before their approval.
8.5. The Air Force Inspector General (SAF/IG) has access to Air Force SAPs as needed to perform
statutory responsibilities and provide investigative, counterintelligence, and security support to
selected SAPs.
8.6. The Auditor General (SAF/AG):
• Staffs and maintains an audit system for SAPs with properly cleared and qualified personnel.
• Provides audit service to SAPs and recommends corrective actions.
8.7. The Deputy Chief of Staff for Programs and Evaluation AF/PE:
• Is the focal point for all SAP manpower issues.
• Acts as the single contact for all Biennial Planning, Programming, and Budgeting Systems
submissions for SAPs.
8.8. The Assistant Chief of Staff, Systems for Command, Control, Communications &Computers
(HQ USAF/SC) acts as the communications and computer system focal point for selected SAPs.
8.9. The Deputy Chief of Staff for Plans and Operations (HQ USAF/XO):
• Oversees OS-SAPs.
• Oversees the requirements process, including developing and staffing Mission Need State-
ments and Operations Requirements Documents, related to SAPs.
• Provides operational requirements inputs at the earliest opportunity for research, technology
base, system technical issues, system security, and systems development related to SAPs.
8.10. The Assistant Chief of Staff/Intelligence (HQ USAF/IN):
• Reviews all SAPs involving SCI material or requiring intelligence community participation.
• Oversees IN-SAPs.
• Supports special access program managers in preparing system threat assessments.
• Approves overall threat assessments for SAPs.
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 432, "chars": 2998, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9. Responsibility for SAP Security. The program manager or commander is responsible for security
and:
• Monitors personnel, financial resources, and facilities to support the SAP.
• Implements OPSEC measures needed to support the program and ensures an aggressive and tai-
lored security education program for all participants.
• Ensures all prime contractor and sub-contractor facilities are inspected by the cognizant security
agency. For AF/IN SAPs in SCIFs, the frequency of inspection will be determined by the CSA
based on local threat, problems identified in' the past, major modifications, and sensitivity of the
program as defined in DCID 1/21, Physical Security Standards for Sensitive Compartmented
Information Facilities.
• Ensures a trained security manager, whose primary responsibility is security, is assigned to the
program and provides the resources for each program's needs. The resources may belong to the
SAP exclusively or come from other activities and organizations.
• Ensures a tailored security and classification guide is published for each SAP. The guide explains
all program security needs and procedures associated with the program and gives specitic classiti-
cation and regrading guidance. It also explains how to report fraud, waste, and abuse (FWA)
without violating security agreements and procedures. Each person participating in the program
is taught to report FWA properly.
Ensures that an arms control managed access plan is available for implementation, if appropriate.
This plan will be IAW Air Force and MAJCOM arms control compliance plans for all arms con-
trol agreements.
10. Reporting Requirements. SAF/AAZ compiles and submits annual SAP reports (DoD Report Con-
trol Symbol: DD-C3I(A)1605) to OSD Central Offices, which send them to Congress. Annual SAP
reports serve as the vehicle for annual DEPSECDEF revalidation and SAP approval. By 1 December of
each year, program managers send SAF/AAZ a report in the format given in Attachment 8 Program man-
agers also send SAF/AAZ by 31 December of each year a separate security report (SAP Summary) per
DoD 5200.1R and the instructions given in Attachment 9 SAF/AAZ compiles these reports and sends
them to DUSD(P). Program managers also report program nicknames to SAF/AAZ whenever they
change.
11. Handling Program Artifacts. The program manager must properly screen classified or sensitive
unclassified objects such as test equipment, test fixtures, prototype systems, models, and associated tech-
nical information and files for intrinsic or historical value. Actions the program manager considers
include reviewing the objects' classification, destroying it, giving it to the contractor or other DoD organi-
zations to keep or destroy, and sending it to a museum or a secure storage site.
11.1. SAF/AAZ coordinates and provides specific instructions for disposing of classified or sensitive
unclassified SAP artifacts. Contact SAF/AAZ before disposal.
WILLIAM A. DAVIDSON
Administrative Assistant
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 2084, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Attachment 1
GLOSSARY OF REFERENCES, ABREVIATIONS, ACRONYMS, AND TERMS
References
NOTE:
Be sure to use the most current versions of these documents.
Executive Order 12333, "United States Intelligence Activities," December 1981
Executive Order 12356, "National Security Information," 1 April 1982
Public Law 95-452, "Inspector General Act of 1978," as amended
ISOO Directive No. 1, "National Security Information," June 1986
DCI Directive 1/19, "Security Policy for SCI," 19 February 1987
DCI Directive 1/21, "Physical Security Standards for SCIFs," 30 January 1994
DoD Directive 5000.1, "Defense Acquisition," February 23, 1991
DoD Instruction 5000.2, "Defense Acquisition Management Policies Procedures," February 23, 1991
(including Air Force Supplement 1)
DoD Directive 5106.1, "Inspector General of the Department of Defense," 14 March 1983
DoD Directive 5106.3, "Inspector General, Department of Defense, Inspection Program," 26 July 1989
DoD Directive 5137.1, "Assistant Secretary of Defense (Command, Control, Communications, and Intel-
ligence)," 2 April 1985
DoD Directive 5148.11, "Assistant to the Secretary of Defense (Intelligence Oversight)," 1 December
1982, as amended by Changes 1 and 2
DoD Directive 5200.1, "DoD Information Security Program," 7 June 1982
DoD Manual 5200.1M(Draft), "Acquisition Systems Protection Program," July 1993
DoD Directive 5200.2, "Personnel Security Program," January 1989
DoD Manual 5200.22M, "Industrial Security Manual," January 1991
DoD Directive 5200.5, "Communications Security (COMSEC)," 6 October 1981
DoD Directive O-5205.7, "Special Access Programs (SAP) Policy," 4 January 1989
DoD Directive S-5200.19, "Control of Compromising Emanations," 10 February 1968, as amended by
Change 1 and Transmittal 68-3
DoD Directive S-5210.36, "Provision of DoD Sensitive Support to DoD Components and Other Depart-
ments and Agencies of the U.S. Government," 10 June 1986
DoD Directive 5200.28, "Security Requirements for Automated Information Systems (AISs)," 21 March
DoD Directive 5205.2, "DoD Operations Security Program," 7 July 1983
8
-

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 207, "chars": 1876, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DoD Directive 5230.11, "Disclosure of Classified Military Information to Foreign Governments and
International Organizations," 31 December 1984
DoD Directive 5240.1, "DoD Intelligence Activities," 25 April 1988, as amended by Change 1
DoD Directive 5240.12, "DoD Intelligence Commercial Activities (ICAs)," 2 December 1992
DoD Directive 5240.2, "DoD Counterintelligence," 6 June 1983
DoD Directive 7050.5, "Coordination of Remedies for Fraud and Corruption Related to Procurement
Activities," 27 June 1989
DoD Instruction 5505.2, "Criminal Investigations of Fraud Offenses," 6 November 1987
DoD Instruction 7050.3, "Access to Records and Information by the Inspector General, Department of
Defense," 9 November 1984
DoD Manual 7750.5, "DoD Procedures for Management of Information Requirements," November 1986,
as amended by Change 1
DoD Regulation 5200.1R, "Information Security Program Regulation," 28 April 1987, as amended by
Change 1
DoD Regulation 5200.2R, "DoD Personnel Security Programs," January 1987
DoD Regulation 5210.48R, "Polygraph Program," January 1985
DoD Regulation 5220.22R, "Industrial Security Regulation," December 1985
Secretary of Defense Memorandum, "Access by the DoD Inspector General to Special Access and Other
Sensitive Programs," 17 June 1988
USAFINTEL 201-1, "The Security, Use, and Dissemination of Sensitive Compartmented Information
(SCI)," 1 May 1990
Abbreviations and Acronyms
ACS—Assistant Chief of Staff
AF—Air Force or Department of the Air Force
AIA-Air intelligence Agency
AFMC-Air Force Materiel Command
AFOSI-Air Force Office of Special Investigations
AFOTEC—Air Force Operational Test and Evaluation Center
AIS-Automated Information System
BI-Background Investigation
ASD-Assistant Secretary of Defense
ASPO-Acquisition Systems Protection Office
BPPBS-Biennial Planning, Programming, and Budgeting System
C2—Command and Control
9

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 133, "chars": 1151, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
C2W—Command and Control Warfare
C3—Command, Control, and Communications
C3I—Command, Control, Communications, and Intelligence
C4—Command, Control, Communications, and Computers
CI-Counterintelligence
CINC—Command-in-Chief
CJCS-Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
COMPUSEC-Computer Security
COMSEC-Communications Security
CONOPS—Concept of Operations
COTS-Commercial Off-the-Shelf
CSA-Cognizant Security Authority
CSAF—Chief of Staff of the Air Force
DAB-Defense Acquisition Board
DCAA-Defense Contract Audit Agency
DCI-Director of Central Intelligence
DCS-Deputy Chief of Staff
DIA-Defense Intelligence Agency
DIS—Defense Investigative Service
DoD-Department of Defense
DoD(IG) —Department of Defense (Inspector General)
DPG—Defense Planning Guidance
DSN—Defense Switched Network (formerly AUTOVON)
DI&E-Development Test and Evaluation
DUSD(P)-Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Policy)
EEFI—-Essential Elements of Friendly Information
EPITS—Essential Program Information, Technologies, and/or Systems
EMSEC—Emission Security
EP—Electronic Protection
FBI-Federal Bureau of Investigation
FCI-Foreign Comparative Test
FOA-Field Operating Agency
10

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 127, "chars": 1110, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
FOC-Full Operational Capability
FWA-Fraud, Waste, and Abuse
FY-Fiscal Year
FYDP-Five Year Defense Plan
GAO-General Accounting Office
HQ AFOTEC-Headquarters, Air Force Operational Test and Evaluation Center
HQ USAF—Headquarters, United States Air Force
ILSP-Integrated Logistics Support Plan
IOC-Initial Operational Capability
ISOO-Information Security Oversight Office
JCS-Joint Chiefs of Staff
JROC-Joint Requirements Oversight Council
MAJCOM-Major Command
MNS-Mission Need Statement
MOA-Memorandum of Agreement
MOU-Memorandum of Understanding
NFIP-National Foreign Intelligence Program
OPM-Office of Personnel Management
OPR-Office of Primary Responsibility
OPSEC-Operations Security
ORD-Operational Requirements Document
OSD—Office of the Secretary of Defense
OT&E-Operational Test and Evaluation
OUSD(A&T)-Office of the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition & Technology)
PB-President's Budget
PEO-Program Executive Officer
PM-Program Manager
PMD—Program Management Directive
POC-Point of Contact
POM—Program Objective Memorandum
PSAP—Prospective Special Access Program
R&D—Research and Development
11

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 198, "chars": 1569, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
RDT&E-Research, Development, Test and Evaluation
SAF-Secretary of the Air Force
SAP—Special Access Program
SAPCO-Special Access Program Central Office
SAR-Special Access Required
SCI-Sensitive Compartmented Information
SECDEF—Secretary of Defense
SP-Security Police
SPO—System Program Office
SPOC-Special Access Required Programs Oversight Committee
SPRG-Special Programs Review Group
SSBI-Single Scope Background Investigation
SSEM—System Security Engineering Management (or Manager)
STA-System Threat Assessment
STAR-System Threat Assessment Report
TBD—To Be Determined
TEMP—Test and Evaluation Master Plan
TIARA-Tactical Intelligence and Related Activities
VCJCS-Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
Terms
Terms- This glossary helps the reader understand some terms that describe SAPs. Readers may also
find these publications helpful: Joint Publication 1-02, "Department of Defense Dictionary of Military
and Associated Terms," 1 December 1989, and AFM 11-1, "Air Force Glossary of Standardized Terms,"
They contain standard terms and definitions that the Department of Defense and Air Force use.
Appropriation Codes— A fund authorization set up by an act of Congress that permits a department or
other government agency to obligate the Federal Government to pay for goods and services.
Appropriations and their budget codes are as follows:
-3010
Aircraft procurement funding
-3020
Missile procurement funding
-3080
Other procurement funding
-3300
Military construction funding
-3400
Operations and maintenance funding
-3500
Military personnel funding
1
12

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 415, "chars": 3148, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-3600 Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation funding
(AFP 172-4)
Automated Information System (AIS)— A combination of information, including computer and
telecommunications resources and other information technology, as well as personnel resources, which
collect, record, process, store, communicate, retrieve, and display information. (DoD Directive 7920.1)
Carve-Out— A classified contract issued in connection with a SAP. A carve-out eliminates or reduces
conventional oversight duties.
Central Office— SAF/AAZ is the Air Force SAP Central Office that coordinates the management
review; oversight and control of SAPs.
Communications Security (COMSEC) — The protection resulting from all measures designed to deny
unauthorized persons valuable information, which experts in electronics or telecommunications might be
able to find. Some measures lead unauthorized persons to an incorrect interpretation of the information..
COMSEC includes:
Cryptosecurity- The component of COMSEC that results from the providing and properly using
technically sound cryptosystems.
Emission Security (EMSEC)- The component of COMSEC which results from all measures taken to
deny unauthorized persons valuable information that might be derived from intercept and analysis of
compromising emanations from cryptoequipment and telecommunications systems.
Physical Security- The component of COMSEC that results from all physical measures necessary to
safeguard classified equipment, material, and documents from access or observation by unauthorized
persons.
Transmission Security (TRANSEC) The component of COMSEC that results from all measures
designed to protect transmissions from interception and exploitation by means other than cryptoanalysis.
(Joint Publication 1-02)
Concept of Operations (CONOPS) — A verbal or graphic statement, broadly outlining a commander's
assumptions about or purpose of an operation or series of operations. The concept of operations
frequently is embodied in campaign plans and operation plans; in the latter case, particularly when the
plans cover a series of connected operations to be carried out simultaneously or in succession. The
concept is designed to give an overall picture of the operation. It is included primarily for additional
clarity of purpose. Frequently, it is referred to as commander's concept. (Joint Publication 1-02)
Core Secrets— Any item, process, strategy, or element of information, the compromise of which would
result in unrecoverable failure.
Information Security— The result of any system of policies and procedures for identifying, controlling,
and protecting from unauthorized disclosure, information that executive order or statute protects. (DoD
5200.1-R/AFR 205-1)
Need to Know— A security criterion that requires the custodians of classified information to establish,
prior to disclosure, that the intended recipient must have access to the information to perform his or her
official duties.
Nickname— A combination of two separate unclassified words which is assigned an unclassified
meaning and is employed only for unclassified administrative, morale, or public information purposes.
13

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2868, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(Joint Publication 1-02)
Operations Security (OPSEC)— A process of identifying critical information and subsequently
analyzing friendly actions attendant to military operations and other activities to:
• Identify actions that adversary intelligence systems can observe.
• Determine which indicators hostile intelligence systems might obtain and then interpret or piece
together to discover critical information useful to adversaries.
• Select and execute measures that eliminate or reduce to an acceptable level the vulnerabilities of
friendly actions to adversary exploitation.
• (Joint Publication 1-02)
Physical Security— The part of security concerned with physical measures designed to safeguard
personnel; prevent unauthorized access to equipment, installations, material, and documents; and
safeguard them against espionage, sabotage, damage, and theft. (Joint Publication 1-02)
Program Office The office that manages, executes, and controls a SAP in a DoD component.
Program Protection Plan— A comprehensive protection and technology control management tool
established for each defense acquisition program to identify and protect classified and other sensitive
information from foreign intelligence collection or unauthorized disclosure.
Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI)— All information and materials bearing special
community controls indicating restricted handling within present and future community intelligence
collection programs and their end products for which community systems of compartmentation have been
or will be formally established.
Special Access Program (SAP) - Under the authority of Executive Order 12356 and as implemented
by the Information Security Oversight Office (ISOO) Directive No. 1, any program created by an agency
head whom the President has designated in the Federal Register to be an original TOP SECRET
classification authority that imposes "need-to-know" or access controls beyond those the DoD normally
requires for access to CONFIDENTIAL, SECRET, or TOP SECRET Information. Such a program
includes, but is not limited to, special clearance, adjudication, or investigative requirements; special
designation of officials authorized to determine need-to-know; or lists of persons who actually have a
need-to-know.
Special Access Required (SAR) Programs Oversight Committee (SPOC)— The senior Air Force
Review Committee for overseeing resource allocation, acquisition, management, security, and execution
of Air Force Special Access Programs (Excluding NFIP). The Secretary of the Air Force approves a
Charter which describes the organiztion, composition, and functions of the SPOC.
Special Program Review Group (SPRG)- The committee responsible for developing the Air Force
SAR programs resource requirements, including the Program Objective Memorandum, Budget Estimate
Submission, and the President's Budget.
14

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 2154, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Attachment 2
SPECIAL ACCESS PROGRAM APPROVAL REQUEST REQUIREMENTS
A2.1. Identify the Air Force OPR for requested program.
A2.2. Provide the classified codeword and the unclassified nickname of the program and its subelements
(DoD 5200.1R/AFR 205-1, appendix C).
A2.3. Describe the relationship, if any, to the other Special Access Programs (SAP) in the Department of
the Air Force, Department of Defense (DoD), or other government agencies.
A2.4. Explain the rationale for establishing the SAP, including the reason why normal security manage-
ment and safeguard procedures for classified information are inadequate, a summary of the validated
threat, and how the special security requirements will defend against it.
A2.5. Estimate how many persons in the DoD, other government agencies, Congress (including staffers),
and contractors will require special access.
A2.6. Summarize in writing program security needs for:
A2.6.1. Security professionals (security police (SP), Air Force Office of Special Investigations
(AFOSI), 497th Intelligence Group/INS (497 IG/INS), etc.)
A2.6.2. Security and personnel investigation.
A2.6.3. Special physical, computer, communications, or TEMPEST security.
A2.7. Tell who is responsible for:
A2.7.1. Program security policy.
A2.7.2. Industrial security inspections (DIS or program security personnel)..
A2.7.3. Programs using, storing, and producing Sensitive Compartmented Information must coordi-
nate and obtain approval from HQ 497 IG/INS for the introduction of a SAP into a SCIF.
A2.8. Describe procedures for:
A2.8.1. Establishing the program security, classification, and industrial security guides.
A2.8.2. Conducting an annual review to determine if persons with need-to-know status should have
continued access.
A2.8.3. When possible, taking classified information out of lengthy documents and handling it sepa-
rately, so distribution is easier.
A2.8.4. Marking the cover and first page of documents to show they contain SAP information.
A2.8.5. Handling, opening, and distributing SAP materials by clerical, mail, and telecommunications
personnel.
A2.8.6. Sending electronically transmitted messages.
15

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 316, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A2.9. Identify the future Year Defense Plan funds or estimate the funds a new program needs.
A2.10. Identify the HQ Air Force official to contact about the program (last name, first name, office sym-
bol, and telephone number).
A2.11. Identify budget resources by appropriation, program element, and fiscal year.
16

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1806, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=
Example Only This Page UNCLAS
SECRET-(NICKNAME) SPECIAL ACCESS REQUIRED
SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE (LETTERHEAD)
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
MEMORANDUM FOR THE DEPUTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
THROUGH: UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (ACQUISITION AND
TECHNOLOGY)/DIRECTOR OF SPECIAL PROGRAMS (for an AQ-SAP)
DEPUTY TO THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (POLICY)
FOR POLICY SUPPORT (for an OS-SAP)
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (COMMAND, CONTROL,
COMMUNICATIONS & INTELLIGENCE (for an IN-SAP)
FROM:
Secretary of the Air Force
SUBJECT: Initiating/Disbanding (Nickname) as an Air Force Special Access Program
(SAP)U)
PURPOSE: (U) ACTION--To obtain DEPSECDEF approval to initiate (Nickname) and
signature on notification letters.
DISCUSSION: (S/SAR) The Air Force recommends approval of (Nickname) as an Air Force SAP, (if required)
carved-out from the cognizance of the Defense Investigative Service. The program is designed to limit the
likelihood of the US Government losing its technological lead in (Generalized Purpose Statement). The SAP
management structure will protect special access information while in transition to collateral (non-special access)
levels. (Relationships, if any, with other Programs. Changes to other Programs, etc.) Carve-out status is justified
by the need to tightiy control extremely sensitive information; a dedicated security infrastructure will provide
support.
Atch 2 describes the program and its funding.
RECOMMENDATION
(S/SAR) That DEPSECDEF approve/disband (nickname) and sign notification letters at Atch 1.
DEPSECDEF DECISION
Approved
Disapproved
Other:_
2 Atch
1. Congressional Notification Letters (4) (6 for IN-SAP)(S/SAR)
2. Program Description w/Atch (S/SAR)
Classified by Multiple Sources
Declassify OADR
SECRET-(Nickname)-SPECIAL ACCESS REQUIRED
Example only - this page UNCLAS
18

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 109, "chars": 805, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Deputy Secretary of Defense Letterhead
SAMPLE
Honorable John B. Doe
Chairman, Committee on (Name of Committee)
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C. 20515-0000
Dear Mr. Chairman:
(X/XX) Consistent with Section 119(D) of Title 10, United States Code, this is to notify you that I have
approved initiation of the Special Access Program named (Nickname) as proposed by the Secretary of the Air
Force, effective 30 days from receipt of this letter.
(X/XX) This program protects extremely sensitive information related to
(U) Funds for this Special Access Program have been approved for obligation no earlier than 30 days
after receipt of this letter.
Sincerely,
(DepSecDef)
cc:
Honorable Patricia B. Doe
Ranking Minority Member
Classified by:_
Declassify On:
CLASSIFICATION
Enclosure 1 to attachment 3
19

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 135, "chars": 1009, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Deputy Secretary of Defense Letterhead
SAMPLE
Honorable John B. Doe
Chairman, Committee on (Name of Committee)
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C. 20515-0000
Dear Mr. Chairman:
(X/XX) Consistent with Section 119(c)(1) of Title 10, United States Code, this is to notify you that I have approved
the (change in classification/declassification) of the Special Access Program named (Nickname). This program will be
(declassified/reclassified) as proposed by the Secretary of the Air Force, effective no later than 14 days from the date of this
letter. After that date the program will be (unclassified/classified) at the (classification) level.
(X/XX) Special Access Program (Nickname) is being (declassified/reclassified) because
A public announcement of this change in classification (is/is not) planned. (The announcement will take place on
or about
Sincerely,
(DepSocDef)
Honorable Patricia B. Doe
Ranking Minority Member
Classified by:_
Declassify on:
...
CLASSIFICATION
Enclosure 2 to attachment 3
20

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 1674, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
Attachment 4
PARTICIPATION IN A SAR PROGRAM DIRECTED BY ANOTHER DOD COMPONENT OR
AGENCY
A4.1. Identify the activity requesting Air Force support.
A4.2. Identify the Air Force activity who will act as Air Force OPR for the program.
A4.3. Provide the classified codeword, if any, and unclassified nickname of the program and its subele-
ments.
A4.4. Describe the relationship, if any, to other SAPs in the Air Force, DoD, or other government agen-
A4.5. Summarize the program briefly, including the MOU or MOA and outlining extent of Air Force
involvement in support of the program.
A4.6. Estimate the number of Air Force personnel who will be granted access to the program.
A4.7. Summarize program security requirements, to include:
A4.7.1. Who manages overall program security (Air Force or directing agency).
A4.7.2. What specific security requirements does the directing agency impose?
A4.7.3. Whether DIS, the directing agency, or the Air Force will conduct industrial security inspec-
tions.
A4.7.4. Whether the approval package includes attachments, such as security classification guides or
other guidance applicable to the program.
A4.7.5. Whether programs using, storing, or producing Sensitive Compartmented Information have
been coordinated with HQ 497 IG/INS and approved for introducing a SAP into a SCIF.
A4.7.6. Any special physical security, communications security, computer security, or TEMPEST
requirements imposed by the directing agency.
A4.8. Identify whether the directing agency or the Air Force provides funds.
A4.9. Identify the HQ Air Force official to contact about the program (last name, first name, office sym-
bol, and telephone number).
21

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 431, "chars": 3057, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
Attachment 5
POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ON ACCESS TO SAP INFORMATION FOR EMPLOYEES
OF THE LEGISLATIVE BRANCH
A5.1. Purpose. This attachment amplifies the DoD policy on access to information protected with Air
Force or joint SAPs for employees of the Legislative Branch and details procedures on how access to pro-
gram information may be requested.
A5.2. Scope. These policies and procedures for Air Force SAPs apply to Legislative Branch and the
General Accounting Office (GAO) employees. These procedures do not apply to SAPs initiated under the
authority of the Director of Central Intelligence (DCI) or other Executive Branch departments and agen-
cies.
A5.3. Air Force Policy:
A5.3.1. Only permanent professional staffs of congressional defense committees and selected intelli-
gence committees, and employees of the GAO who have a minimum of a SECRET clearance and a
need-to-know gain access to Air Force SAPs, while serving in an official capacity for the following:
A5.3.1.1. DoD authorization or appropriation legislation.
A5.3.1.2. DoD oversight or investigative activities directed by law or formal committee action.
A5.3.1.3. Other legislative matters requiring SAP access as determined by the Secretary or the
Deputy Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of the Air Force
A5.3.2. The term "defense committees" means the Senate Committee on Armed Services, the House
of Representatives National Security Committee, and the Defense and National Security Subcommit-
tees of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives. For Tactical
Intelligence and Related Activities (TIARA) SAPs, the term also includes the House Permanent
Select Committee on Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence.
A5.3.3. Access to Air Force SAPs will not be granted to any employee of the Legislative Branch
serving in the capacity of personal staff to a member of Congress.
A5.3.4. Where possible, the Air Force meets congressional needs for information on SAPs with non-
compartmented material. The Air Force gives direct access to compartmented material only when
noncompartmented material does not meet congressional need.
A5.3.5. Compartmented access will last only long enough to fulfill the information requirement and
only to approved individuals while serving in a capacity requiring such access.
A5.3.6. The Legislative Branch may not keep material DoD protects with compartmented security
controls unless the DUSD(P) approves it in advance and the Air Force primary office sponsoring the
SAP determines that the retention facilities meet all prescribed security standards for the classification
level and any special handling requirements for the materials involved.
A5.3.7. The Department of Defense, DCI, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Office of Personnel
Management (OPM), or other investigative agencies approved by DoD investigate the backgrounds of
employees seeking access to compartmented information. The results of the background investigation
(BI) must meet the DoD standards for the SAP.
22

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 160, "chars": 1220, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A5.4. SAP Procedures:
A5.4.1. A request for access to Air Force SAP compartmented information must be submitted with
the approval of the chair or ranking minority member of a committee or subcommittee with defense
oversight. In extremely urgent cases, the Air Force accepts the staff member's signature. The request
must include:
A5.4.1.1. Name of individual requiring access.
A5.4.1.2. Social Security number.
A5.4.1.3. Date of most recent BI and name of investigating agency.
A5.4.1.4. Committee or subcommittee capacity in which access is required.
AS.4.1.5. Purpose and duration of required access.
A5.4.1.6. Identification of information required.
A5.4.2. SAP managers process requests for access by:
A5.4.2.1. Submitting them to SAF/AAZ for approval, who coordinates with the responsible OSD
office as needed.
A5.4.2.2. Verifying an individual's security clearance before identifying and providing access to
compartmented information.
A5.4.2.3. Referring disputes to the DEPSECDEF when Air Force and congressional staff are
unable to resolve access issues.
5.4.3. Promptly notifying SAF/AAZ when individuals granted access no longer require access o
re departing the local area so a debriefing can be completed
23

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 1700, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Attachment 6
SPECIAL ACCESS HANDLING PROCEDURES
| A6.1. The following handling procedures apply to all SAP materials.
A6.1.1. Materials hand-carried from one office to another will be enclosed within a locked security
pouch or briefcase.
A6.1.2. Exposed wrapping/packaging material will not display any classified information, i.e., outer
cover sheets/wrapings may have unclassified nicknames but will not have codewords. Outer cover
sheets/wrappings will have special handling instructions, such as
SPECIAL HANDLING OF THIS DOCUMENT IS REQUIRED. HAND
CARRY DURING ROUTING. NORMAL DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS
WILL NOT BE USED. ACCESS TO THIS DOCUMENT MUST BE
LIMITED ONLY TO THOSE WITH A STRICT NEED TO KNOW.
CONTACT THE PROGRAM OFFICE FOR FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS.
A6.1.3. Wrappings and/or cover sheets will have specific program point of contact (POC)/alternate
and telephone number for material retrieval. In the event the program POC cannot retrieve SAP or
sensitive materials, instructions will be provided to the recipient to contact a specifically cleared indi-
vidual for pickup.
A6.1.4. Clearances and access for an individual will be verified prior to leaving material with that
individual.
A6.1.5. Only in rare or unusual instances will executive officers, military assistants, or office admin-
istration personnel be granted access to SAP information, and then only if there is a bonafide
need-to-know. Convenience or efficiency are not legitimate need-to-know criteria.
A6.1.6. Materials will be stored only in program approved storage facilities and security containers.
Individuals transporting such materials will ensure recipients understand any specific handling and
storage requirements.
24

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 83, "chars": 703, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
Attachment 7
PROGRAM GUIDANCE AND SUPPORT THROUGH SAF/AAZ
Administrative Recourse
Air Force Audits
Artifact Disposition
Codewords
Congressional or White House Inquiries
DoD Annual Reports
•
Electromagnetic Frequency Management & Communications
Facilities
Foreign Acquisitions and Technology Transfer (Foreign Ownership, Control or Influence (FOIC) and
Committees on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) issues)
Fraud, Waste and Abuse, (FWA) Complaints
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Requests
Intelligence & Counterintelligence Support
Investigations
Logistics
News Leaks or Unauthorized Disclosures
Nicknames
Personnel
Post Government Employment with SAP Contractors
Security/Surveys
25

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 154, "chars": 1145, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Attachment 8
SAP REPORT FORMAT (BUDGET REPORT)
(CLASSIFICATION)
(DEPARTMENT and/or AGENCY)
(Unclassified Program Nickname and Classified Program Title)
FY 1994 FY 1995 SAP REPORT
• Resource Summary: (Presiden's budget, dollars in thousands)
Appropriation Line # Years FY1995 FY1996 FY1997 FY1998 FY1999 FY2000 FY2001
RDT&E
Procurement by PE
0&M
MILCON
• Estimated total program cost: RDT&E/Procurement in Constant FY 1990 $
(exclude manpower and O&M) *
• Program deripion el ricil prof programard objectives)
• Basis for budget request: (why funds are needed in FY94)
•Justification: (rationale for continuation of SAP status)
• Major milestones: N/A if not applicable
• Major contractors: N/A if not applicable
• Delivery schedule: N/A if not applicable
• Production facilities: N/A if not applicable
Action Office:
Phone:
(CLASSIFICATION)
* a routing from programs riot us or pain are our pren i incid all
** Comment separately in the report cover letter on any programs with rechnologies or missions similar to the
specific SAP covered in this report.
Noie: Do not staple the final inputs. These become masters from which copies are made.
26

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 319, "chars": 2277, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Attachment 9
SAP SUMMARY REPORT INSTRUCTIONS
A9.1. SAP Summary Reports are required for all Air Force Special Access Programs established by the
Secretaries of Defense and the Air Force. They are designed to solicit information from all program
offices to comply with established DoD and Air Force requirements. The formal report for the annual
summary to DEPSECDEF has two sections. Section 1 solicits headquarters program managers to provide
general program information; section 2 focuses on carve-out contracts that may require information from
the contractor and/or the system program office (SPO). SAF/AAZ will task appropriate offices 60 days
before required due dates and include the prescribed format to be used. Submit one consolidated Pro-
gram Summary to SAF/AAZ. Follow the program security guide to determine the overall classification
of each report. While specific format and data requirements will be provided in formal tasking, the fol-
lowing guidelines are provided to assist in preparing the main report.
A9.1.1. Section 1 provides basic security and administrative information about the program. It's
important to identify all subprograms and projects within the SAP. If any of them changed names,
give the old and new names. Assess the importance of arms control agreements, changes in threat,
and actions taken to protect your information. Attach a metric assessing the program's technological
or operational advantage against an adversary or threat (AFPD 16-7).
A9.1.2. Section 2 addresses carve-out contracts. Each program with one or more associated
carve-out contracts must include all subcontractor carve-outs and a complete copy of section 2 for
each carve-out contract. A carve-out contract awards a classified contract to an industrial firm but
relieves the Defense Investigative Service of security inspection responsibility. This distinction is
particularly important since the Secretary must specifically identify to DEPSECDEF and request
approval to continue all carve outs in the annual report.
A9.1.2.1. If inspectors do not use a DD Form 696 (Industrial Inspection Report), clearly identify
the type of inspection format used.
A9.1.2.2. DD Forms 254 (Contract Security Classification Specification) will be made available
upon request.
27
