{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T07:36:32Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 396071, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116268-rep-wolf-statement-nicap-ufo-report-august-31-1960.pdf", "source_sha256": "d5f186bbe7b5216168f4f190dbb7408edc4b19b6317b0fc5485cdebe40cebb7b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 694, "chars": 4570, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
#0393
16
000836 EA
00087g-
EXHIBIT C
Statement of Rep. Wolf in Congressional Record--1960
This exhibit includes a statement that Rep. Leonard G. Wolf
placed in the Congressional Record, August 31, 1960 (p. 18955).
He called for a congressional inquiry, and cited the rames of
numerous military officers who agreed.
NICAP UFO Report
Heised. The NICAP report is stated to
be the result of & 3-year inrestigation.
TYSON C RELARES
ts conclustons based only on verified ris.
1st, radar, and photographis eviders
by trained, reputable observera.
HON. LEONARD G. WOLF
On August 20, 1960, NICAP sent Ite
07 SOWA
the following statement to be added to
IN THE Z0USE OF EZPRESENTATIVES
the orienal seport: .
Wedresday, August 31, 1960
There is Frowing danger that UPOn
mAy be mistakes for Soviet malastles or fert
MI. WOLF. Mr. Speaker, under leave
rarass, acedentally esusing var. Sereral
to extend my remarks, I include an ur-
Air Desanse scrambles and aerts already bare
gent wirumg by Vice Adm. R. I Ellen-
ocoured whes defense radarmen mistooz
Koetter, former Director of the Central
UD formattons 1o5 possible enemy ma.
Intelligerce Agency, that certain poten-
chines. CAP agrees with this sober ward-
tel dangers ailinked with unidentited of Alled Alf Services:
lag by den. L 1L Cousin, NATO coordinator
Asing objecta-070's.
Admiral Hillen-
koetter's iequest that Congress inform
It la of fist importance to confes these
abathe burn of gorante
the pubile as to the facts is endorsed by
more insa do pilot, rocket, aviation.
and radar experts, astronomers, milltary
veterans, and other technically trained
members of the National Investigations
Commitice on Aerial.
Phenomena
Among them are Rear Adm E. B
Knowles: Coi Joseph Bryan II. U.S
Air Force Reserve; Lt Col. Jas Mc-
Ashan. SAPS: Li Col Samuel Free-
man, US. Army Reserve, Aviation; Mr.
J. B. Hartranit, president Aircraft
Owners Pilots Association: Capt. R. B.
McLaughlin.
Navy
missile
expert:
Mr. Franz Rawlinson, physcist, National
Aele Babir constant tal:
Leslie Kaeburn, space consultant.
versity of Southern Callornia; former
All Force Maj. Willam D. Leet, with
three ordially reported OF encounters
Fate ar Alt Force plot; Frank Bal-
stead, 25 years as curator, Darling Ob-
SerVatOST: Resz Ada D. S. Fabraey,
former chief cf the Navy missile pro-
ram: Cal 2 B. Emerson US. Arm
Leserve, head of Emerson Testing Lab
Daysicist.
Today. this danger may surpass the one
ested in NICAPs report: That the US5B
might spread false rumors that the UPO's are
secret Red devices which bare mapped all
the U.S. and silled targets and could be used
as surprise-attack wespons. (Some Ameri-
bready suspect hidden tear of tro
• the темол for вестесу.
We are sure you will agree it ls Imperative
to end the risk of accidental war from de-
fense forces' confusion over UFO% All de-
Lense personnel, not merely top-level groups.
showd be told that the UrOs are real and
should be trained to distinguish them—by
bets charactaristie speeds and maneuven
from conreational planes and missiles.
is nos la elect today.
Tate
Secoad, the Amarican people must be con-
vinced, by documented facts, that the UFO's
could not be soviet machines.
Certainly every Member of Congress
will agree that any such danger of acci-
dental war-even if slight-must be
averted in every possible way. It is also
Important to prevent any unfounded fear
that the UFO's are secret enemy derices.
After discussing the sablect with col-
UPO'%, was dust submitted conndentially
to me. and to several other Members of
Congress, Including Senator LTDoN
JOnsOR. IZ a repiy to NICAP. July 6
1960, Beastor Josersas stated that be
bad ordered the stat of the Senste Pre-
paredness Investigating Subcommittee t
ceep closa watch on UPO development
and to report on any recent signifcant
sightings and the Air Force investiga-
Hans of such sightings.
• Altboush I have not had time for &
detalled study. I bellere the conchistons
conclusions of the NICAP Board of Gor-
ernors and technical advisers we are
convinced thst & thorough study of the
UPO problem should be made
Pending
such action. I belteve toat publication af
the NICAP report will help to reduce the
dangers cited by Vice Admiral Hillen-
koetter and the other NICAP officials
For those Members desiring to do so
the previously mentioned conidential
report can be obtained upon request at
the Nattonal Investigation Committee on
Aerial Phenomens,
be completely disassociated from the ob-
1536 Connecticut
vions Lauds and deinstons about UFO's
Avenue NW., Washinston, D.C.
--
which
unfortunately have been pub-
