{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T23:28:20Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 149050, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116277-department-of-transport-wilbert-b-smith-memo-november-21-1950.pdf", "source_sha256": "efc0d8209d306c916a4136b897ee583c1b77f71d0f0c60b4f7f9011f38064674"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 299, "chars": 1974, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
24
CONFIDeNTIAL
Yuens slit
TOP-STEERS
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORT
INTRA-OCPARTMENTAL CORRESPONDENCE
"Sinith " memo.!
PLACE
Goo-iagnotics
2 - 0
loreaber ?!, 2950.
DUM AILI
(2.SI.)
'CONFIDAT
NEATE TO TRE COMROLIER OF BELECORUNICATIONS:
SEE
For ths past several voers we hava teen engeged in the study
Ts/9/69 CR
di various aspecta of radio vera propagation. Ins ragaziza of ‡h1B
mhsiredog dare led us into tho fields di aurora, comic zalietion,
atmospharle Iadio notivity and geo-magnetic. Ix the cero of G00-magnotics
pronegetion as set, but rerorthelass lavo lidicateă sergial rreruos CI
investigation mich ray vall be crolored with profit. For erraple, we are
on the tradi of a means rboreby the potential energs of the earth's magnotic
Tifli ray ta austracted and used.
On the benis of tbeoratical considsiations a small and rery
cruda experinental wii ras constructed approxirately a roar ngo ind tested
in cis Standards Laboratory.
The tests were casentially successill 1n imb
sufficieni enerty ves abstracted Iron the egrthis fielé to oporate a volt-
as in a palestiva dance are provide diseful asta for she desses
ce a'batter unit.
: "
*t!.
desi has t been completed for a unit which. stould be
silt-sustaining and In addition proride a smell surplus of power. Such a
te Holition to functioning ega nin peer plenty cheza no larga
earth to pornit the study of the terious rezition forsos which are expented
éo dovelod.
:. Ho bellere that me are on the track of something which may noll
proto-to"be the latroduction to a nev technologs.
The existenco of a diffsrent
techiolor 1s borne out by the investigations which are being carried on at
the present tine in ¡elstion to Ilyirg saucors. .
#dio in Mashington attending the NAPR Caterence, tiro books
were released, one titlod "Bshind the Flying Saucor" by Frent Sculls, and
tao oster the Ilying Seucers are Real" by Doreld Keyhoer Boür books dealt
mostl; with the sightings of indentified objects and both books clala that

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 296, "chars": 1899, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- к
25
Its= engthor pinnet. Golly alaimed that the prolinluery studles of
in esuer" which full into ilia rando ul ilo Unltaú states Govelorent
Indiction tust troy operatod ci coin ilthorto validin moerctio
pri:cip)05.
It cented to me that our sun hurt in cos-nagauties
Lipit roll he the didiage batures on uremoiogy and the technolors
ly ridios tha anonta cla dosimmod end arseniod. Il' iù ls acaunad that
or operation of the cancers besees quita strolentlornia, tilli all
obie ed fratures on aleed qualitation aid gustltativaly.
I rada diocrant cuiquirico througi tho Caronian Inbaasy
STEfT in liaritagion Nio mara ablo to obtala lot in the Iolloit 2
Inforsation:
3. Ise matter is tho nost highly claritlod subjec 12 tho Unitod
Stitos coverizest, iating bighor oren than the r-bond.
Do. Flying saucers exist.
Co
lucil modus operandi is untous but concestratad efIOri 13 DGID3
rade ay a biall Group headed by Doctor Tanzoraz busha.
d.
Tho entiro netter 1a considored ty tha talted States althoritles
I was furthor ictored that tho Unitor Statos authoritles ero InTOS IgabIAE
along quila a futuni di iines which risin pounibir do rolaced to use silicers
such ss disntal picnomera and I gather that they aru not colng too vuil since
îbay Indicatad that 1I Canada 19 doing austling at all 1: g00-ilugnotica ther
Mula Volcome a discuEsing vich EVITAbly accIOllied Canadlans.
ever tra first problers in ecs pagistic enorEs taloano, I ices vini ini
coraclation boticon our basio theory und tho arellablo Information on
EJuders checks too closoly to lo mury coincidenca. It 13 my honest oninioz
tlict he aro on the linht track and are falily close to at Icust sons oi tho
candlan Babassy is lashington, vas estranoly antious for do to gai in touch
"ith Doctor Solandt, Chalraan of the Doicace Rascarch Board, 'to discuss rith
him future investigations along the 1íno of gro magnetio OBarE Iola350.
...
3.:

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 235, "chars": 1457, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOP
CONFDENTIAL
26
3 -
I do not Icul tint ra luva ns yot sufficient data to pisco belore Uclanca
Researe Poste which word emblo a program to do initleted vithin fisat
crimination, but I do fool thut further rejetrol la meressary and I Nould
paulor to noù li dont mitlin tho fraio volt of cur orn orgarization mita,
cê courso, ""!l en-operation nod oxetango of information with stier
intyrusted bodler.
I discunand this rotter fully with Doctor Solchit, Cralian OI
Fadense Readerch Decad,
and ofters Ill co-opinion of lis Bolid in providing laboratory facilities,
¡ralleytal more in illa projaci. I indigatod to Doctor Solarit trat re roma
prafor to koop the project witlla ine Dopartzont of Frarspori Ior tha timo
belag intil ra dure outrined sufticient infarastlon to perilt a conplato
ansensmont of tha valle of tho vork.
It 1s therofore Iccommeaded that a PROJECT be sot up viinis
the Irate work ai this sectioa to study this probler and that the nort bo
casTica Of a fari tino taste util such time na sufficient tangíhle rerults
car bo scen to warrant more
initial stages era expecsod Mornitire action. Cust of the grogus, is ita
to de less than a fer hundred dollars and can
de carried by dia Fadio stadiurds Lab appropriatioD. /
Attached herote 1a e draft of tema nf Icterence IOT Burn e
racient witch
the end ! arabie do to garban eith file eargent
178A_
Canade
(1.B, Smith)
Senior Radio Lazinear
** 50
1725/ CC
goal it it of tap post fe
Tie to time
