{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T22:52:02Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 18, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3223342, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116399-task-force-on-greater-cia-openness.pdf", "source_sha256": "c6a5cd12540c80feef50363b8751c25cfb54cdf9a14132e82351edc671b1b27b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 97, "chars": 638, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This paragraph to be sent
out witle"'
"media play"
aubide.
apt
pecu
Article
The entire document is very interesting, but the "Jewel" is located on page 6.
"PAO now has relationships with reporters from every major wire service, newspaper,
news weekly, and television network in the nation. This has helped us tum some
intelligence failure stories into intelligence success stories, and it has contributed to the
accuracy of countless others. In many instances, we have persuaded reporters to
postpone, change, hold, or even scrap stories that could have adversely affected
national security interests or jeopardized sources and methods."

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 1568, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
20 December 1991
MEMORANDUM FOR:
FROM:
SUBJECT:
REFERENCE:
DirectoI of Central Intelligence
Task FoIce on Greater CIA Openness
Task Force Report on Greater CIA Openness
Memo foI D/PAO fI DCI, dto 18 Nov, Subj:
•Greater CIA Openness
(Tab A)
In iesponse to your ieferenced request, the Task Force
addressed the following:
How can we do a better job of informing the
general public and key
constituencies about the
need for a strong intelligence effoit and about
the missions and accomplishments of the
Intelligence Community in a changing world, and
To what extent do the dramatic changes in the
world situation
and the needs of oversight and
accountability to the American people and their
representatives dictate a Ieexamination of
policies on classification and release of records,
and finally
=-
How can we use openness to learn fiom others
outside the Agency in order to impiove our
capabilities and our people.
Senior officials in the media, in the Executive and
Legislative Bianches, in
the business/private sector and in
academia all shared their views on CIA openness with the Task
FoIce.
(See Tab B)
We also consulted Agency retirees and
employees throughout the organization.
3. Many of those interviewed said the CIA was sufficiently
open; all thought the CIA could do more to declassify and make
available portions of its historical archives, especially
regarding CIA successes and scientific/technical
accomplishments; some said the CIA will have to work harder at
explaining the
need for intelligence in a post-cold war world.
Approvad 194-70 9992
Data

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 340, "chars": 2070, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
All agreed that an effective public affairs program for the
CIA
was necessary and that whatever changes were made to
increase openness, all would expect the CIA to keep the secrets
it is charged to protect.
4.
In whatever program we puisue, we should:
get our employees on board first
.
be consistent
be excellent
be credible--admit when we are wong
personalize the Agency
• pieserve the mystique
We should also ensure
a coordinated PAO-OCA effort foI this
program.
It will be important to get the Hill on board with
the Agency's public position on various issues and to
articulate the overall Agency strategy to Congress to honor
your commitment re openness.
5.
Before we can pursue gieater openness, it is important
to understand the Agency's current program in this area to put
down a marker for possible change in the future.
Io provide
some context you should be aware that while PAO grew during
Judge Webster's tenure to meet the needs of increased
requirements and an expanded program, PAO is now being
told to
downsize by about 33%.
we recognize
that a program of
increased openness will require commitment of additional
resources, not only for PAO but for other parts of the Agency.
The Directorates will need to assess the resource implications
of these recommendations.
In most of our discussions with outsiders as well as
within the task force there was substantial agreement that we
generally need te make the institutien and the process more
visible and undeistandable Iather than strive fel openness en
specific substantive issues.
To do this, we need to develop a
strategic vision of what we want to be open about, why we want
to be more open and to whom we want to be more open. Our
suggestion
foI
such
a vision statement is:
CIA, the most open intelligence agency in the world, wants
to be recognized
an organization of high caliber
culturally diverse people who achieve technical and
analytic excellence and operational effectiveness in
fulfilling their mission with integrity and the trust of
the American people. We believe that it is important for

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 2314, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the American public to see CIA as a law-abiding
organization whose Ible supporting national security
policymakers continues to be important in an even more
complez and dangerous world.
Formal acceptance of this statement by the Agency, oI one
similar to it, will provide a necessary and well-understood
framework for taking the steps to achieve greater CIA openness.
We have an important story to tell, a story that bears
repeating.
We are the most open intelligence agency in the
which is proper in our form of democracy. (In fact,
several foreign intelligence organizations have sought advice
fIom PAO on how to
establish a mechanism for dealing with the
public.) That said, many Americans do not understand the
intelligence process and the iole of intelligence in national
security policymaking.
Many still operate with a romanticized
0I eIIoneous
view of intelligence from the movies, TV,
and newspapers.
These views often damage our reputation and
make it haider
for us to fulfill our mission.
There are steps
we can take which will benefit us and the American people.
To inciease CIA openness and signal a change in how we
do business, we need to take initiatives to share our history
through the declassification of old records, explain our
mission and functions
in a changing world through an expanded
briefing program within and outside of government, and develop
a strategy for expanding our work with the media as a means of
reaching an even broader audience. Our major Iecommendations
address these issues:
Declassifying and Ieleasing records that describe
history and
activities would go a long way to
educating the public on the work of intelligence.
voluntary Historical Review Progran
has proceeded very
slowly, and recent legislation (H.R. 1415) has mandated.
greater access to our iecoIds by State Depaitment
Presently, policy and Iesouice constraints
severely
• limit the amount of historical records released by
the CIA. Therefore, we recommend that you:
1)
Establish a senior-led, Agency-wide gIoup
to review the Agency's
policy
practices related to declassification and
release of Iecords under the Historical
Review and FOIA programs, as they relate
to the changing international environment
and counterintelligence threat, and with a
view to accelerating the process.
_Approve
- Disapprove

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1445, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2)
Initiate in the near-term the
declassification of historical materials
on specific events, particularly those
which are repeatedly the subject of false
allegations, such as the 1948 Italian
Elections, 1953 Iranian Coup, 1954
Guatemalan coup, 1958 Indonesian coup and
the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962.
Notify
the public of the availability of the
resulting
| materials.
_AppIove
_Disapprove
3) Have OTE publish an unclassified version
of Studies in Intelligence and make it
available to the public for sale through
the National Iechnical Information Service
and haye it listed in the Social Science
_Appiove
- Disapprove
Publish compendiums of papers delivered at
conferences sponsored or cosponsored by
_AppIove
_Disapprove
B. Many people inside and outside of government do not
understand what we do of how we do it.
It is important
that we increase our efforts to tell people both what we do
and what we don't do. Io this end, we recommend that you:
1)
Commission PAO, working in concert with
MA and the directorates, to develor
dditional unclassified material on CIA
its mission, functions, and changing role
into
the next century.
-AppIove
-DisappIove
1 The Editorial Board of Studies has identified several
hundred unclassified or declassified articles and taken steps
to interest
scholars and publishers in them.
About half a
dozen university presses have expressed interest, but to date
none have actively begun the editorial process.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 1540, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2) Expand the Agency's briefing program for:
• new membeis of Congress
• key Congressional staffers, as
appropriate
• Congressional Research Service (CRS)
and Office of Technology Assessment
(OTA) staff members
new political appointees in relevant
agencies,
(especially important to
prepare for in an election year)
..
• Agency contractors
• Academic consultants
• Academic, business and other private
sectoi groups
APPIove
-Disappiove
C. Io reach our objective of greater openness, we must
come up with
a better balance in dealing with the media in
a world where television is the primary conveyor of
information to most Americans.
In the past we have been
reluctant to do television (Judge Webster appeared only
three times before he announced his retirement), and some
would still caution against it because of the special iisks
involved.
Yet the opportunity for impact is so great that
we believe the time has come to change
OuI
position.
One
of the things that is leading us in this direction is the
strong view fiom many quarters that we need a visible
Agency spokesperson, such
as the D/PAO, to refute
allegations and set the record straight. When such false
To this end, we
Iecommend that
you:
1) Cormission the D/PAO to develop in
consultation with the Deputy Directors
a media strategy for the '90's that
For example, an Agency spokesperson reading our statement in
allegations made by Nightline in sunner 1991
would have been more effective than Ted Koppel's reading of it
and a look of "What do you expect given
the source?".
•

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 295, "chars": 2069, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=
increases the visibility of the DCI and the
intelligence process, expands the role of the
Agency spokesperson and takes a more
proactive approach
toward the media in
general.
_AppIove
_Disapprove
In most of our discussions we defined the audiences for
greater CIA openness as the following:
the media, academia,
business, the private sectoI, government ano our own employees.
We have used these categories to describe ouI current program
related to openness which provides a context for offering our
other recommendations.
A. MEDIA
1) Current Pregram:
a) PAO now has relarionships wirh reporters from every major wire
service, newspaper, news weekly, and relevision nerwork in the
nation. This has helped us turn some "intelligence failure" stories
into "intelligence success" stories, and it has contribured to the
accuracy of countless others. In many instances, we have persuaded
reporters to postpone, change, hold, or even scrap stories that could
have adversely ajjecred nanonal securiry interests or jeopardized
sources and methods.
b. PAO spokespersons build and maintain these professional
relarionships with reporers by responding to daily inquiries from
them over the telephone (3369 in 1991), by providing unclassified
background briefings 1o them at Headquarters (174 in 1991), and by
arranging for them to inserview the DCI, DDCI and osher senior
Agency officials (164 in 1991).
c. PAO responds 1o numerous requests from authors, researchers,
filmmakers, and others seeking informiarion, guidance, or
cooperation from the Agency in their endeavours. Some responses
can be handled in a one-shor selephone call. Others, such as Life
Magazine's proposed photo essay, BBC's six-pars series. Ron
Kessler's requests for information for his Agency book, and the need
for an Agency focal point in the Rochesser Instirute of Technology
controversy drew heavily on PAO resources.
d. PAO has also reviewed some film scripis abous the Agency,
documenary and fictional, ai the requess of filmmakers seeking
guidance un accuracy and aushenticiry. In a few inssances,

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1944, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
we faciliraled the filming of a few scenes on Agency premises.
Responding positively to these requests in a limited way has providea
PAO with the opportuniry to help orhers depict the Agency and ir
activities accurately and without negative distortions. Except for
respunaing lo such requests, we do not seek 10 play a role in
filmmaking venrures about the Agency which come 1o our attention.
For example, although we knew that Oliver Stone's movie on JFK
was in the works for some rime, we did nos consact him to volunseer
an Agency viewpoint.
e. PAO coordinares the preparation of derailed bacground
materials, usually in Q&A format, on major nets issues for she DC!
and DDCI for their appearances before media groups, worid affairs
councils, unirersiries, and business and professional groups. PAO
also prepares verbatim transeripis of their interview's with reporters
and their appearances before media groups.
2) Recommendatiens:
Piovide more backgiound briefings, when
practical, to a greater number of print and
electionic media journalists.
Respond more
quickly to telephone queries fiom the media,
especially on fast-breaking events.
PAO
should continue to work with area analysts
and specialists so that PAO can Iespond
telephonically to these questions, rather than
insisting on
an eventual in-person background
briefings at Langley.
Keep PAo as the conduit
for these efforts and ensure that media acioss
the U.S., not only those in the Washington,
D.C. area, are aware of our program.
_APPIOve
_DisappIove
b.
Find more opportunities for the deputy
directors to have on-the-record interviews
with the media to talk about process and, on
occasion, substantive issues.
_APPIOYe
_Disapprove
c. When there is a major international
event
that requires the attention of CIA (i.e., the
Persian Gulf war), PAO should consider
inviting a number of reporters to CIA
Headquarters for an unclassified background
briefing.
_Approve
-Disapprove
7

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 285, "chars": 1994, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
d. Look for ways to emphasize the changing
nature of the intelligence work force and the
growing number of women
and minorities in each
directorate and incieasingly in moie senior
positions.
Consider support for some
individual profiles which help personalize the
newspape i be 11a gazines, broad circulation
_Approve
_Disapprove
B. ACADEMIA
1) Currens Program
a. The Agency has a wide range of contacts with academics through
recruiring, professional socieries, contractual arrangements and
OTE. PAO has recently been designated the focal point for all
informarion abour CIA's relations with the academic communiry. As
such, PAO is building a database of information about Agency
contacts with academia-conferences and seminars, recruiring,
officers and scholars-in-residence, contracts, reaching--and serves
as the clearinghouse of such informarion for Agency employees.
b. PAO officers also speak in approximately 250 academic
audiences a year. Subject areas vary, bur most focus on the structure
and functions of the CIA, its role in the inselligence conmuniry, the
intelligence process, and congressional oversighs. PAO has
developed a speakers
package jor agency ojicers and retirees war
speak in public, including an annually updated Q&A package to air
the speaker in answering a broad array of questions.
c. PAO maintains a mailing list of 700 academicians who receive
unlassified Agency publications four rimes a year. Recipients write
to praise the qualiry of the products and to claim that these mailings
are one of the most effective ways of reaching our.
d. PAO sponsors the DCI Program for Deans twice a year. This
rogram seeks to expose administrators of academic institutions
enior Agency officials--the DCI, the DDCI, all the DDs, and hea
of independers offices--and to give them a sense of what the Agency
does, how it operales, and how il fits in and relales 1o American .
3 The recent Denison University Alumni Magazine feature on
Martha
Kessler
a good example.
(See Tab C)

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 245, "chars": 1684, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2) Recommendations:
a. The Office-in-Residence (OIR) program
is seen by many as an excellent means of
providing a window into CIA for the academic
community.
The program (curiently 13 parti-
cipants) could be enhanced with dedicated
slots and resources, under central manage-
At present, individual offices provide
the positions and about $100,000 per officer.
Such enhancement would ensure that selection
of schools and officers meets our needs.
_Approve
— Disapprove
PAO should work with OTE and Of to develop
a program for CIA employees involved in
recruiting to ensure
that they are conversant
on all
issues affecting the CIA with emphasis
on the intelligence process and
sensitivities.
multicultural
Provide for periodic update
for recruiters on long-term assignment.
-AppIove
_Disapprove
PAO's Coordinato for Academic Affairs
should take steps to see that CIA becomes an
institutional member of relevant scientific
and professional societies. Agency employees
should participate openly in such meetings as
CIA officers.
Piocedures for individuals to
present papers in such fora need to be updated.
_Approve
_Disapprove
d. Sponsor either unilaterally of in
cooperation with academic institutions or
other government agencies conferences on the
history and craft of intelligence, as well as
on other areas of common interest.
PAO will
work with OTE's Center for the
Intelligence on these programs. Study of
_AppIove
_Disapprove
4 For example, PAO is currently talking with the Truman
Libraiy about
a conference in late 1992 or 1993 on the origins
of the Intelligence Community.
Wilson Center is being considered to mark the 30th anniversary
of the Cuban Missile Crisis next fall.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 258, "chars": 1797, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Come tele an uncrose see instal ership.
committees
on the performance of the Intelligence
Community.
_Approve
_Disapprove
C.
The DDI and DDS&T in coordination with OCA
should reassess the Agency's relationship with
CRS and OTA.
_APPIove
_Disapprove
d. PAO should work with PCS to look for ways
to reach broader military audiences with
information about our programs.
_Approve
_Disapprove
D. BUSINESS
1. Current Program:
a. The Agency currenily has shree types of basic relarionships with
the US business sector. Firsi, business is an important source of
intelligence information via NR collection activities. Second, the US
corporare sector is involved in the vasi bulk of the Agency's
contracting efforis. Finally, business receives selecied briefings by
the Agency--talks on the counserintelligence challenge.
counterterrorism and other presentations at business-oriented
conferences organized by groups such as SASA. Given the emphasis
on economic securiry for the Unired States in the 'gos, the business
sector is looking to the potenrial contributions the Intelligence
Conmunity can make in this area.
5
Hill staffers rely heavily on OTA and CRS products.
MoreoveI,
active interaction with these congressional support
organizations can provide
invaluable insights into issues that
key House and Senate committees and individual members believe
are important, as well as what legislation is under
consideration
oI in the conceptual stage.
Some Hill staffers
have suggested that CIA assign officers to act as liaison
through OCA foi ielevant OTA projects, as the military services
Fol example, OTA is now focusing on two projects of
particular interest to several congressional committees,
proliferation and economic analyses of other nations as
they
relate to U.S. industrial competitiveness.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 207, "chars": 1434, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
b. This past year, PAO provided remarks and support for the DCI
and DDCI for some 40 appearances before outside audiences-.
including a wide range of groups from the business, legal and civic
conmunities. Most of these appearances were covered by the media
giving even more visibility to our leaders' comments.
c. PAO parricipates in providing briefings on the CIA io parricipanis
in AFCEA's biannual "Inelligence Comuniry" course, attended by
nearly 200 industry and government representatives.
2. Recommendations
a.
Establish a program with appropriate
guidelines for providing unclassified,
off-the-iecord (or on backgiound) country-
specific briefings (similar to those given to
journalists) to corporate leaders.
NR should
act as the focal point for this effort to
consider the potential gain for the Agency in
providing such information.
_AppIove
-Disapprove
b. Host groups of CEOs at the Agency for
day-long programs similar to the DCI's Program
foI Deans.
_AppIove
-DisappIove
Task the DDS&T to take the lead in a
program to consider declassifying the
relationship between CIA and many of its
contractoIs
that have historically been
classified.
Many benefits could be derived by
the Agency
and by the contractors if these
relationships and perhaps the general nature
of the work involved were
Ievealed.
_AppIove
_Disapprove
E. PRIVATE SECTOR
1. Curren Pregram:
a. PAO officers this year made presensations about the CIA to
12

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 1655, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
h. PAO responds to nearly 4000 pieces of correspondence a yeår
from the puolic. Queries range from the ridiculous to the scholarly
request for information. PAO also answers some 6,000 releplone
queries from the public annually.
2. Recommendation:
Assign PAO the
resources to fund and
manage its speaker's bureau to develop a group
of effective Agency speakers who can talk
about the intelligence
Process and the role of
CIA in a changing world.
AppIove
- Disapprove
F. INTERNAL AUDIENCE
1. Current Program:
a. Every business day PAO produces, Media Highlights a 50-75
page collation of newspaper arricles, editorials, and commentaries
on the Agency and intelligence-relared subjects. The siaff produces
172 copies of Highlights for distriburion throughour the Agency.
Modified versions of Highlights have also been prepared and
forwarded to the DCI during his rips abroad.
b. In addirion, PAO posts "Agency Vienis" on the Public Affairs
bulletin boards throughout the Agency. These are compilations of
statements by the DCI, DDCI, and PAO spokesmen on' the Agency or
intelligence-related issues of the day.
r. PAO also publishes a newslener quarterly called The Public Eve
to inform employees about she activities of PAO and the Agency
issues which are being discussed in the media. PAO ensures thar
transcripts of selecred DCI speeches are made available to
employees through employee bullerns, on line and in the library.
2. Recommendations:
PAO should work with OTE to develop a
training course for employees to beltme
understand our relationship with the media
with particular emphasis on the rules for
backgiound briefings.
_Approve
-Disapprove
13

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1664, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
b. PAO should woik with OTE to invite nore
members of the media to speak to CIA gicups,
either in a class (i.e. mid-career) or at an
offsite/seminai. More people in the Agency
will need to be exposed to media representa-
tives to better understand and appreciate
the work of the media and its appropriate
interaction with the intelligence Commurity.
Approve
-DisappIove
c. The Task Force on
• Internal Communications
is addressing the subject of communications
with our own employees, which is the respon-
Current and former Agency officers emphasized,
however, the need for a program of increased
strategy.
board and the employees informed that we are
increasing the openness of the Agency ard how
we plan to
do it.
that you:
- Distribute an empicyee bulletin desc:ibing
the piogiam
IOI. IncIeased CIA openness
- Task senior managers to talk about tre
program
- Address employees in the bubble on tris
program
and take gestions
Approve
- Disafprove
EVALUATION OF INCREASED OPENNESS
10.
In recommending ways to increase CIA openness, we also
wanted to come up with
some means to measure the results of
these efforts and to make charges in
course, as appropriate.
Since these are not programs ci initiatives that lend them-
selves readily to quantifiable impact, we need to rely on an
evaluation of how the perception of the Agency tas changed.
This can manifest itself in many ways including:
a friendlier,
more cooperative working enviionment for our ofíicers, more
interest in employment, more accurate ieporting on our
activities, etc. To this end, we recommend that you:
a.
Task
all NR Staticn Chiefs to provice
annual evaluation of cur openness program
as it

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 300, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
is seen from their perspective and to make
recommendations for changes.
_AppIove
Disappiove
b. Establish an advisory group of
senior
business, academics, and government leaders to
provide advice on and evaluation of CIA efforts
to explain the iole of intelligence in the '90s.
APpIove
_Disapprove
15

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 161, "chars": 1092, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
18 November 1991
NEMORANDUM FOR: Director of Public Affairs
FROM:
Director of Central Intelligence
SUBJECT:
Greater CIA Openness
In my hearings, I indicated my desire to continue
Director Webster's policies in terms of improving accessibility to
information about CIA by the pubiic and overall openness to the
exient possible, whether through background briefings for the
press, public speeches by senior officials, or appearances
college campuses and elsewhere by professionals within CIA. I
would like for you to appoint a task force to revien these
practices and see how they can be improved, and also to suggesi
additional proposals
available
to the American people and to give greate: transparency
to our orgarization, interral contiol mechanisms, and sieps that
ie taxe to
ensure compliance with the law, actions consistert with
ihe valves of the American people, and cooperation with Congress.
: invite you to include non-Agency individuals in your iask fo=ce
:: that is appropriate and useful.
2. I would iike to have your report and recommendations by
20 Decerber 1991.
Robert
Gates

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 25, "chars": 144, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
The Task Force Members received yiews on

from the following: Greater CIA Openness

ty 7 :
wy hyd rte toy tn
: tn

Bo tet?
Saat Pes
. :

= ote

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 354, "chars": 2122, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 25, 2004
Dear Steven,
I recently read your "Media Play" article and found it to be right on. I have been
researching the UFO phenomenon for the past 20 years and I applaud your efforts
with the Disclosure Project. I was also happy to hear that you were testing and
evaluating different zero point energy generators. I hope that you will find one that
meets all of our expectations.
Scar
Please find enclosed a declassified document that a friend passed on to me back in the
poc
mid-90's. After reading it, you will find that it fully describes what you were talking about
ent
in your media article. It was written in 1991 for CIA director Robert Gates, who had
asked for a Task Force to be commissioned, to address the subject of "Greater CIA
resend,
Artiness:
The entire document is very interesting, but the "Jewel" is located on page 6.
"PAO now has relationships with reporters from every major wire service, newspaper,
news weekly, and television network in the nation. This has helped us turn some
intelligence failure stories into intelligence success stories, and it has contributed to the
accuracy of countless others. In many instances, we have persuaded reporters to
postpone, change, hold, or even scrap stories that could have adversely affected
national security interests or jeopardized sources and methods."
When I read this about 8 years ago, I was of course shocked, but not surprised. I hope
you can use this document in your quest. I'm not sure why I have held on to it for so
long? I guess that I was waiting for the right person, who could do something with it. Use
it in any way that you wish, but please do not use my name in association with it. One
final note, the friend who gave this to me has since passed away. One thing that I
remember him telling me was that this document was declassified, but that it was then
pulled almost immediately. I cannot verify this, so there is a chance that this document
is no longer declassified.
Again, I applaud you for taking on such a tremendous task. I still have hope for this
country and this planet, due to people like you. Keep up the good work.
