{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T13:53:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 37, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1435914, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116365-air-intelligence-digest.pdf", "source_sha256": "ee9db7290b8f161c5c1e25d13a0cd71247141e856538a2292ca8ed664f4cea3b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 36, "chars": 242, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
a

on

.
*

:
. + * :
t

r
i
*

OL NYUNLIaa -

7
.

CLI9SE OlY ‘adv jjemxny
(Y-SVHSViIsy

MV iDvOISIH ay5p

=
&
3
j—
~O
¥

af
.

SOAI

aa
=
a
ia
ca
Es
om
a
i
3

er er rie id ee res,

a

at es 2 he

thane

te
aha

ive

"4

1 et
eg

‘7
PET rs

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1671, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DRAFT OF ARTICL, FOR AUGUST AIR INTELLIGUICE DIOUST
SHiC
(It is suggested that lters'inclosed in double parenthesis be onltted Iron
the article in order that it ilgat be declassified fron restricted to un-
aper the artlole could be used as press reLease
If песеввату .))
I. IN THE ILD BLUE YONDER - WILT?
No recognition manual prints the picture of
a bringing
Brange Iight
95 =
whirling diso, yet reports of the aightings of these
«b¿octa
core is with increasing regularity.
Hans tines in recent months, the questlon has
poon askeds "why thes
" the USAT renored its interest in untdontified aerial objocta?" the pro-.
jest vas dropped as a special priority project in 1949, but it has cor-
tinued since then as a normal intell!gence functilon.. USAF Intelligence
has nothing to sell except facts, and to pin down the facts in this mattor
is like pining down Kilioy.
It is quite understandable why a great many people ta
à din view
of the study of"flying saucers". The whole subject la só fantastic that
anyone studying the pattern of the reports received by the USAF soon finds.
himsel? in an atnosphere of "Alice in Wonderland" fantasy. And yet, facts
do estate reporte are contig in withi increasing frequency, and thie persons
who see these object are sincere and in most cáses nature and competent
people. The sighters aro, generally speaking, convinced beyond the shidow
of a doubt that what they have
seen 1s real. Howeves, they are sometimes
sensitive about discussing the matter; for feär of boing thought to be off
theis rocker. Ibis regrettable attitude on the part of the pubite has been
engendered largely by the fanciful, and occasionally arçaatic, coverage

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 299, "chars": 1852, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that has been given the subject in the publie press. fantastic or not, It
Is desirable that USAF porsonnel report aerial objects that they can not
Identify. Such reports are considered important and are always given serious
consideration.
"But why", you ask again, "is the Air Force interested in a subject so
othereal?" The ethor la the natural habitat of the Air f'orce, which 1s
charged with the control of the sir in the defense of the United States.
Hence it becomes Imperative that, until such tine as all sightings can be
• expirined,
; alertness is maintațrede Of the more than 1200 reports now on
?0"s
elie at the AIr Technical Intelligence lenter, t5% cannot be satisfactorily
explairied or Identitlede This does not mean that 55% of the objects reported
can be inquestionably identifled. some can be.: Othera can be Identified.:
well enough to be put in the "very probably identified" category. Others:
are disregarded, due to the nebulous nature of the information received.
The unexplained 15% hare been exenined, the sources and contents of the is-
ports have been ovaluated and, to dato, no explanation has been found for.
them. It may be that as more experience is falned, solutions will be foudo.
In addition to the ATIC mnalysts already charged with evaluating these reports,
negotiations ars being completed to obtaln the services of cozutants it
the fields of physics, nuclear plysica, astronony, and psychology to assist
In the analysis of the roports.
This truth is that öbjects are flying over the Untted States which have
not been Identifled, Strange things in the alr have been reported los con-
tarles, but this does not precide the fact that the object reported yoster..
day os 2000 hears ago may have been a mirage, while tomorrow's object may be
• now wespon There objects may be naturas phendmena, balloons, nightlying
:2

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 246, "chars": 1508, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
iriendly aireraft for, since the czo co it aileriod, ink, miniates
i enace ships from another planst.
It arouló be stresson at I3M inelli baco Lan to inciortion bizt
any foreign patlon has a superivernon capollo oï fat: minions In tho
told at will, nos that araft frot outer space eze esing re on placoi
late It world to foolial, loverer, to say that althon is arossible, in:
matter hor hirily improtalla it may soul. Fifteen oar aco, thi dioto
boub wes tickly improteila.
it immediately posed à problen to an rution that held iroans of corpost.
; It would seas natural for a ntion with the amperont plars of the soviot
bilon to use ar neans possible to rogate thé loadership strogsta ibat
possession of the bomb has sivan te t. so)) .
(I% 1s possiblo to suppose that TaOs at le a Sorist 1zopzgere
reupon, in listen case, tiney could ba bitties 1) pleats fars 02'a) a clevor
uzo of natural rhonomena dosimed to crite, mass biozic. it Citato taro,
It lili. bean as riserable a latine es the balloons von citet tha imperose
pieced so mid rollenco durin lorld 12e IJ.))
¡(IS. DAO sIs. being used los propecenda, it foule se ronsonardo lo eSTO
thai the ISSR roule choose first to frighten rio-emoricun istion fu imropu
with the arpoaranee of e radholly non vergon, to compersate for the aros
bomb. Is support this theort, it will be rarentoret that strange objecta
speared ovor the scandinadas countaios in 1948, To dietis disarea. there
vare reported to lave unusual range and unusu! peremanes daricteraties.
3

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 262, "chars": 1642, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
When those incldents subuldad, strange objects vara reported to be firing
ovor the V. S. The bypothents hers is that the sovlots coula bo attempting
to righton both the turopean nations and the T. S. by a nev device that
they hope wIll be construed to noan that the sovlots ara let ateud of the
rest of the world in tachaical know how.))
Ise, abora thooty, horaves, runs into one big stinhling lock. If thess
abjacts ero vespons or enranoad trpes of sizorait, they era, af necarsity,
ren-tado. How is it then possiblo that, 1n the four yoars that the Use?
has been studying ThON, not one has crashed? Man-nada devicen are not in-
fallible.
Io rospitaliato, the Is 1l maintals an opon stad and a tuty all
To roports wati? anough informatlos has been gathered to explain the un
esple sad 15% I contimal moving reports, dovising fartiner nothods
of evaluating them, and collating ther wit other reports, ș costimal
watoh 1s being kept.
II..
• Tutted Steton Ats Porco Headquarters costitues to racolvo an inoreasing.
muber of reports about vaird objects in the sly. These reports - cars.
fully chocked at the dir Technical Intalligence Contor, and tien possible,
, evaluated - rango from balloons to unidentitled cartel objects of all con-
calvable stapes, sises, spreda, and 1otloxs..
The dramatte scope of the mubject of valdentitled sertal objecta bas
piped Anorice's interest loí yaars. In this atoulo age there is 1030n9-
ties in the wated and inow, since sen's inventions thouselves approads
the tomediate. the pablo press has airtured and sustaind our interest
In tADs (vonaves it could find the slightest excuse to keep the story alive.!

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1734, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Since the USAF hes baen keeping books, over IDO MAO sightings have
been reported, Many of those reports have, come from trained and experienced
U. S. leatber Bureau personnol, IS rated officers, woll-qual1fied.civ1ltan
pilots, tochnicians associstod with various researc projocts, end, in one
case, a group of prolessors from a texas univeraity.
Of those aightings, chough renals that cannot be explained by ary
Inowa cause to justify the USAt in contlming to pursue its Investigations.
Os 24 June 1947, Rometh Arnold, a businessuz of Boiso, Idaro, roporte
saving a chain of rine sarces-11ke objoots whipping In azd out of mountain
ports st 1,200 iph, 1o2 Houst Rainler 1, the state of Washington, M. Arold,
who was flying his private aircratt that das, was so impressed that he com
tasted the pross and the trotdont was played ip across the country. Because
of the wide pablloity this sighting racelved, many persons coralder this
tie isest to sighting. (Nothing could be furthes from the truth."!!
Sigattage
Irate can be no attempt, in this articlo, to cover all the sightings.
on 11le at the Air Jochnical IntelI ponce Center, Generalis speakag, tine
configuration of these objecto fall into three categorioss 1) balls of
{ITo, 2) diso-shaped, 3) roughit elgar-ahaped.
Naturally, the sost important thing that could possibly happen would
Dà foi the ISAl to cose into possesalon of ora of these objects, il objects.
they be, but nest to this is importance is pictorial coverage of the sight
ingo. For plotuzes ara evallable, with the exception of obvious boat shots,
for most peóple do not go about with a camora cocked to catch a breath-taka
Ing trist In thei sky..
*see the article #8ro 1947 TAD Reposta", bagiming on pegg ....
5

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 261, "chars": 1671, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
one of the lest pictures vas talen 1u 1947, On ; July, Millian Procda
of Phoenix, Arizona, sil a dise cizaling his locality just it suncot, and
tont tro picturos.
Irose picturen, showing a dise-like oisjout viti a rornu
front and a square tall, havo been oremined ly'experta, vio stato that they
era true photostaphic inaçoe anã do not appoar to be caused ix; dinty longos
or irporfeations in the emulsion. (Soa page _.)
Ол 10 Jaly 1947,
roodsutt, a FormAmorteza Atras rachanic, reported
a circular object flyli at a high velocity, paralloling the ostlla surface
and leaving a trail thiel ampeared as the "burning-up! (15, roodruff's words)
at' a cloud forrations the slehting accured near Harmon Field, lewiound-
land. Two other persons piso sau the trall, whic remained in the sky fos
about as hour, and it was photographed in another PA exploroa, The result
ing photographs support lotrussis observation as ter as the long-testing
vapor tratl is concerned. Ser pago
Deatis rode on a "gaucer! ven, on 7 Jamurs 1948, à lational Guard
pilot, Capt Thomas Mustall, Ins IlIod bIle atitorating to oese an unidenti-.
fied object up to 30,000 feet, Ille it is mesured fist trio pitor suttered
amorte resting is a crast, ilis last ressage to the control tover wess ..
"It appeaia to bö a metallie objoct .. " os tromendous siso. .. directly
atead and 81igitir atore... I em trying to close foi " tatter loot ..."
This sighting was at Godman dis Force Tate in Kentricy arã wes one of thò
first to be reported Iron thet area.
tubboch lighta
Stepping years and rum sightinga, ve arrive at one of the nost
pust ing cases to dates aseries of sightinge over liboes, texas. the ligh
6

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1643, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
professional standing ol the porsone who rado theao observationa rates this
case especially northy of note, The observers vere all profoators of the
sarat aches dozen at tabas to In sable Do 1n 00l2
but aldo vell versed in all fields of sclence; A. Go Dborg, Ph, Lo, PIOIeRE-
Or al PlybIes, aria Prof, li, la Duckos, bead of the Petrolo agineering
Department,
• On the sroning of 25 August 1951, those nan wore sitting in DI. Robinson'e
gardon, 'It was a clear, id gamer right, and the mes ware scanning the
aicles, counting end discuasing isteors as they flashed into row, shen sua
donty thare appeared, is the rartheast, a svistly soriog snotrelo of Itebts.
The savants nose astounded ly the phoronana and dacided they voila watel
caratally for apothes appearanco of this objoct or oblects, and, 1s 1t ocered,
vand atterpt to amirzo its characteristios.
In about as bou, theis water was rearded. Its time they ziere ready.
ODe man Iooked while the others actad as timers, The bluish-green lighta
wars alearly and platity vlesle bit not brilliant. The indirdel lights
vetled in intonity, and cach was sorewhat lerger is appearanos than a star.
Inch of the two flights that might consisted of a series of lichts 1a ar
• accurate V forzation ibich coverad about 100 in the sty. Iro nari estinated
that the two flights weis identileal in size, shapo, volonity, and curse.
There was no sound associated with either ghostly passage.
Durse the was follendig the first sighting, the original group wit
Rossed five Fligita between the hours of 9 and 12 pos, Is, this timo the
story ted hit the suspepass, and senoral othes poople had rported sindlar

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 258, "chars": 1674, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
eightings.
The nost startling incident occurred when the lubbock Morning
Avalanche priated plotures of the flying "hat-Is Its".: Mose plotures
were taken by Garl Best Jo; an anateir photographer and freshman at Tozus
Tech: (Ine segatives have been examined by esports of the Photo laboratory
at Wright 1ir Devolopment Centar and cannot be ¿laproved or declared a boaz.))
Through the wack, the man had discussed their axpartonces,
Several
charictorlstics svened to then outstanding; Perhaps the nost prazing vas
the apperent schadule upon which the objeats wore operatingo the first
appearance esch right was so close to 9320 pollo, that observers spoke of its.
In railroad parlanco, es lola 9120%, Ine 1ights never gradually cane into
Thow or gradually disappeared, they wore saddanty there — then, Juit as
suddenly; gore
The group wis confident that the angular valocity of the oblect was
30° a second - this they deterided from meisurements of novaral fagati.
Stop watches and protractors were used to measute time end angles.
On 1 September 1951, the original grow oi three not again in Dr, Robin-
son's garden and word joined by I. Ri Hadneman, profession of mathematics,
and Dr. I. I. George, professoi of Chemical Engineoring.
Once again, at about 9820 pollo, a flight care over. It was similar to
previons flights, but rather Iors integularly groupod.. On through the.
evening, et lairly regular intorvali, four nore flights poved across the
siy fron North to south:...And then at 12s17., the most usual sigating
was obserred, Ihis flight passed direetly overhead, FlyIng TeLy Jon, 11 tho
genéral direction of North to South, and was baos ba overyomber of the froup.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1631, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ds, Robinsos observed that in the coso of this flight, an Isregularly
shaped yellow light appeared in the rear. Ine formation Included dark
diffuse areas, and the are itsail outered or palsated in the direction of
its travel.
Each object had an angular ragnitude thut would to the equivelent of
12 Inches acroas at a distance of 30 o= 40 feet, and la vlolont agitation.
Tols was the firat sighting that ir. Heinemen, who hed been skeptica?
about the whole thing, nado. The sighting was so low and so speatacular
' that he was really jolted, and apperently ahowed It, Ior the group jokingly
dubbed It "Hoineman'a Horror". The riight had the apperrance of a group
al 12 to 15 pazo objects in the shape of i cuadrant of a etreto, producing
' a pederal on blinding light and moving polialesaly.
The professors clain ia "offictal aightinga." This in thots oun tern,
ais they world not recognize any aighting that wed not iltreased by at least
two of their group. They do not completely recept the photographs taken
by Carl Hast, and state that, had they felt It fogsible, they would haro
made every affort to take photographs themselves, but that the objécts
roved too last. They haro also taken into considoratlon the cartal activity
that was taking place over the Sh Ualted States at that time - the much
publicised iden Fireballs"; Mex ettepted to tie us the tro, but could
find so assoclatlon between the fireballs and the flying objeots. that they
hau Beat,
(How groon are the Firabal158))
(The reported grear treballe that flashed across the skies of SH
Initad States in great numbers during 1948; "49, and 150 are stIll a matter

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1623, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of gront conjecturo. Iner vere tlought ly sore scientists to bu mateors.
DI. J, Laplan ol the Salentillo savlaory Boara 1s ana such dcientist, burt
no qualitled his bellate "I dartime lfirebali! inoidents ero completely
vould persist for as long as thirty simtos. (EDITOR'S
NOTEs Ine daytime' Incident if 2/ March 1949 lasted note tien half an hour.
This duration is much longer then any recorded genulne meteoric incldent.)
withort very casatal instruentation as to thel (helgat).))
(Do: Incoln la Pai, dractor of the Institute of Meteoritea, univer
. aity of len trico, albuquergio, indo a comprabonsive study of the firoballa,
and feit that they wars not meteors.
IT. Is pas stateds "Host of the reports
of "groin Ilrobella' state that they appear to nore 1a horizontal patis,
throughout its entre extent, to the plane of the borior. such poreiatedt
bortzontelity stands 1a the sharpest contrast to the coumardly concave
paths traversed l5 genuine isteritos, when these penetrate doeply into
atrosphere of the carth.))
'("In the case of genuine inteorite fallà, viti Imminous paths to
Ing oven at heights considerably. groater than those at which the rexl patis
of the green fireballs are altuated, the observed luntzeus phenomena ers
• altays accompanied by extraordinarily violent poisos, lo roises whateves
hare been oberved in comaction with ary one of the borigontally noring
green flreballs.))
(("Tao anorious greenlan lunnous phenonena skos a curious asscctation
ith wall-kaown nates abowers, although sons of those annual setoo showera
somelly produce extremely bright green fireballs. The relationship cited
10

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 1488, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
might indloate an attempt to render the green flieballa 1053 conspicuous
by 0ausing then to appear only when there is a hackground of considorablo
ratural noteorio activity. *))
How "Blus Book"
the stay of unidentified aeriel dolecte hy the sAi as first
assigned the name of Project Siga; this was later changed to Froject Grudgo;
recently the name Project Ira Jook han been assigned to ito. In order to
support Project Elue look, severEl conferences have been held wit! menbers -
of e respared organsation, the highly qualified nembers of thia organiza-
tton were given access to the IsAl illes on the project, After a study of
the information arallable, they doelded that there ars onough reports that
cámst to esplatred to varrant a detalled investigation. several other.
engineers and salerilots have bees, contacted and thets options are much
the sara;
Still they fly
dad so the unidents led aerial objects remats in the realm of the us:
Idantified, There remin practically armed orms of opinions those tig
say it 1s all silly witchhuntings those who keep an oper mind; and those
wid will fight to the boath to datond the ralldity of "those titige that.
1y." The answer, if there is 02o, vil1, eventually matorialize, and the
TSAr WIll not be caught sapping. Until that time, it places itsalt In the
" "open mind" category.
IOT
Frying pio-pon
TAD hoaxos have been elmost nomadstant is rocent reass, but lis.
Foice ISles tail contals sacoris of sors of the early bissos, d topleai
11

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 203, "chars": 1140, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Incident took place 1s Shrorapart, Ionialass, 1n July 1941. The papers
played the story bit, and it was a toney sensation, Mr. for, of
shravaport, daedded that ho would stop ty a used car lot on his way hone
frot work and try to thod a bargais eat. Is he stood looking over the
promponte, he heard a loud whirring and, looking up, sew a boteat, a1lvert
also, which appeared to bite to be spitting flie and snoke. It dropped,
witis a crash; in the streat. Ie rushed over, retsloved the object, then
contacted Barksdale: AFB.
The thing was crudely mude and in obviously a boat that Bertsdale
portinie were alte to thank the and care hiin that It was the woks
of a past100! joker. To rent day a very red faced gentleran acrilt tai
that to who the makes of the water. Ho was omplored by an alectree!
FIrm shoso bulling was next door to the usedicar lot. Ie saucer-makes
had plazad the optiedo as a lato to be playad on his boss. He had
Laimohe the thing from the root at the bidiating and, toe to plan, it
bad setzally harded soar his, eatorer's car. the permofs ina that his boss
pald is attentlor to it, but Mr. I did and the Jose backeirad.

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 222, "chars": 1404, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IS THERE A. STAPLE, NATURAI, EXPIARATION?
stronomical, sterologsoel, and Ilsi phenomena, as alaply sailure.
al observers to recoguize familiar objects in the air for what they really
are, may explaiz mury reported tAO sightings.
It 1l mildnight, d Juminora body, Bearingly as belght as the suz,
streate across the ali. It antta sparks and putta of emasa, and tralls
what apperia to be a 101g, Flory exhaust. To object then direppears
' with a sories of Maston, and, shortly riter, a fearial roat and earth-
ahaling exploriora are board, Only one inn witnesses this event. Nones
that be must baro casa an Interplanetory speca mulp.
platop to bal. it ill porar be possible to may witt abiolate on
taints tbat he carnot bare deen an estra-terrential rohicle. There are so
other witzennon to the inoddent and, thorafaro, by ide riles of ericaroo,
to one competeut to contronet connualvely his convlation that he kas
tamiliar viti astropical rhesonana, he would idortity hts UAO as a more
conventional vialtor from spaco — a ustaorito. that he is aeon and
board tell on very alonals with tie frequently observed and startling
phenoons of ligat and wound that often accompany the fall of meteorites.
Osa hundrod mfIllon or Doro nataars come racing isto the earthta
atzosphore daily at mpeeds at 100,000 milos por hour, to neat thost doom
under the foroe and tremendor tilotlonel roristones encountored at such

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 275, "chars": 1702, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
velocities. Those which partly survive the friction of the earth's
atmosphere and fall to the ground, frogently with the startling 11ght and
sound oflests roported ty our observos, ere called mateorttes. Umisually "
brtIliant soteoro are celled Strobells. Thess often Jezve luminow treins
that may peralst as long as an hour after the freball Itself his dleapparred.
Delight meteors finquantly do not apparr luntrous, but do lears a trati,
and often no solde is heard, Sometimos meteor explode in mid-alt. Ireso
are calleà baltios.
Of the satoose vhlet tall dalli, about 25 million aze vialble to the
• naked oye, nost of thes appearing as the familiar. "shooting steras thai.
_occasion dost across the ate at wight. Iot very few of these are ever
'found, for It 1s probadle that nost retoors ato a body is lerger then a
piahead, One so larger than a golt ball 10y apport as bright as tho full
Doon Small wonder, then that nators and their derivatives suggest them
Belves as 11kely esplazetions of dazy VAD Bightings..
drother astronardeal phoromenon. which may provide an ansver to some.
of those sightings 1s the renirrent bs1l1 ance of our nearest planet, the
farillar morning and eventag ster - the planet Venus. It outshines all
colestial bodies oscapt the sun and the noon, and, near the timas of its
crestest brilleno, it la plainy platbie to the raked ere even at midday,
when attention la atrocted to 1t. It: outahines Sirius, the brightest star,
by fiftoon thron. Vers, when as bilght as thin, and shining through
intoratics in the clouds, could easil, elve the effect at a Mamins object
with a tall - a description featured in man tAo repotis. So could Mercury,
or the red planet fora..
: *

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 253, "chars": 1616, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientitlo analysis of all. UAO reports rocaired to dato indicates
that aimost 40%, may be attributed to jature of the observes, los one
renaon of another, to Identify sual entronomical phenomena, Additional
astronomical and other phoronere of the asles which nay be included in
this category, altbough, at most, they explain only an occasional sighting
ares 1) zodiacal Iight (tha elow along tha zodiać of auntizit rollected
by neteoris material)s 2) zodiacal light's counterglow, lown as gegenschoins
3) the ghostly bears and curtain of 11ght of the aurore boreolin and auroze
gustralia, seldom soon in our latitudas, but which are comroz enough sear
tbe rappotio poless 4) 1111301y cflects of alonds and light in connesilos
with such lauditar celestlel bodies as the sus and the n002s and 5) ball
Iightordrg..
lotting systerious about DANY UAOS
drothor 35% of TAO sightligs soy be attributed to niainterpretation of
objecta do nore rysterions tian teether belloons, attorait, and aren comon-
‚place things Ilke biris and wind-borne bits of paper. AlI 10rual, Intelli
gent people fiori tima to time mital some sore or less familler oblect fox
another object, Ieae crota ariae chlally fran inabillty to satinate size,
speed, and alstanoe. It is not possible to estimate accurately such
characteristies of all bident objectis zealost the aty unless the objoct
is first Identitled, Joss is doubly true at night. suall objects mar
occastonally be borne to great heighta lu strong vlada. It would be tim
-possible to estlate the distance, also, and sped of sues objects, and it
would be easy to fett to recognize them.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 256, "chars": 1651, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The best guosses as to the nom-astronomical objocta which alicit
mary VAD reporta inclide reflections of the aun fron alstast aireralt,
ruming lights on aircraft, searchlights on clouds, flaras, and the pres
vously nestlosed vind-horne objects, dest quess of all in tlils categoris
hoverer, la bolloons - weather, researat, and aven old-testioned carnival
ba7I00ns.
Hore than 10% of TAO reports way réasortbly be pilt doun te telloons
which are releaged on routine synoptie ascents ly the dir beether
•Sorvice,
the lavy Aerological Sorvice, or the United States heather Bureal. In
adaltion, U. S. druy units arà other publto anà private Institutions, such
as untreráities, mako weather belloon obserrations.
pibels are released loi obserration il winde aloft at atront over..
arport is tibe Indted states thet bas reguer allitery and airline trattic.
They Ilse at about 600. feet por mimte, and because of their comparatively
small size, just 30 Inchès 1a diamater; they are difficult to soa abora
foet, Teratora, they probably account for only a lew VAD sightings..
RADR 100% 11k discs at 85, 000 feet
Ibre 11oly atlmull to TAO roports are instrunent carrying belloons -
rawinsonde and radiosondo (BAOBS). BAOIS ara six leet. in dianator et releaso,
but they Inflate to twenty to trenty-five feet betore they bust et altitudes.
ranging up to 90,000 lost. Il werther conditions ar idarl, thes can be soen
. with the maked ore at altitudes up to 85,000 fent. At this altitude, they
in dartitter take on the apporanco of 1hying dises. 42 the oites ta the
United Staton wbore schoduled instrument balloon roliases are tade are shows
on the rep on pego i

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1647, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BAOIS carry lights at night, a lact which say account fos soDe
Instances vien pilots etteapted to chase VADs during hours of darkness.
Such conditions could luve produced a Ioss of orientation on the part of.
tho observer. Ibrement is alvors relative. If the only outsido point of
'ofererco Is a point of 1ight, end bota the object and the observes are
moving, it la practically impossible lor the observes to separate the tro
motions. It is difficult enigh to fly a good pursuit curve on another
aircraft in broad darlight, for examplo, lot alone to close on a solitasy,
soving IIębt at night..
Another typa of balloon figuring in the bAO platuro is the klad uned
in commistlos with project skybook, Those ward plantia bays, wilch ascond.
to helebts of over 100,000 feet, are shown In the photo at right. They are'
Flown tron sobile launching eites, sopotines singly in sossetimes in alusters.
Ballastad to Float it Itred altitudes, they carry radio tiraneritters so that
they ner be tracked by means of vary-bigh-frequency atroction-finding equip
most for the curation of their fligit over the inited States, or until
either thoir bellast or thoir batteries aro experdod, lovever, these, as
well as the loss spectacular balloons, may be lost and wind up in the VAD
P1705..
It has been suggestad that sure tAOs, ognectolly those where the. object
was described as cigar-shaped, nigit actually be guided 2iss1les. 12is
appears to be an unlikely explanation, These misallos aro Iauacked at aily
three locations throughout tine Walted Statess. I) Point lugu, north it
Tos Angelas, (al11.; 2) White Sands, drdto; and 3) Patriok APD, Cocoa, Fla.
• 17

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1697, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
".: =
Firing is conducted out to eea end over controlled test ranges. Since
alI mauthorized torsons are shooed out of the area, theis world be no ora
likely to turn in alUAO reporte
After el tarating tao alghtis: attributable to the astronmical and
the noz astronomical phenoneni considered in this article, together with
the hosses, discussed on page_
- plus those reporta lecking suffia
lant evidence for inestigation - after all thia, approxinately 155 af
DAD sightings remain tona fide DAOs.
"That is, the oridance suggeats no
ready explanation.
Irick of temperature, - Inversion and refractlon?
Osa possible explanation has been advanced by the Harvard astrophysio
ist, Dia Donald Hanel, (See, I00k, June 17, 1952, pp. 35-39) As Bit-
mardzed by time, June 9, 1950; DD. 54-56, the bernal of Do. Manzels
hypothosis 10110w87
"Norally, the atmosphere grows coler as altituc, ineroaden, büt
'wades some conditions it nay contain layers of warn at with cold air balow
thout.
These are called "inversions.'. Ther ocour Is all cltnates but are
cormonest In deserts, where both the ground and the air get very hot in day-
time, As soon as the sun sots, the ground cools off, radiating. Its warath
into the sky.
The ali for a low feet up grows cool I; contact with the
ol barth, but the al a little higter staye wern..
" overhead turns dowward the light from bright objects, buck as street Iights
or auto headlarps."
Temperature Inversion and refraction, as propounded by Da. sansel, in
panditor, to most of un as natorlots when we gootie parage which 200k11
ahring water to the road ahead. other inverton our wher a was lager.
. of at hangs several thousand leat up. A pilot flyine just above this
18

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 150, "chars": 887, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Jover, aspectally is Its power to divert light is increased by dust, may
soo belou him the alaplaced inage of the sun, the noon, or even a brięhtly
Iighted aloude Ite image ney be distorted by waves in the inversion, and
a'malo formation of objects may then appear to be in rapid notion.
Reflectlon and retraction theordos as natural explanation of -TAO
reports aro questionad is authorttles lite DIe Bonald Ives, the Cornell
geophysiolat, who 1s ex outstanding authority on mirages. It. Ives points
out that the tortöctivity of temperating disperites in the a 1a to
alight that it rodroos the intensity of the 11ght souros to a roglielblo
degree — Per loss brlght the the bill tartly luninous objects that have
been so frequently Booti
Most !Aom can be explated uttle sons degroo of certituda. Ds. Monal
os sona else say hate the anaves to all, Boria, as Dose of to umesple se
15%.
19.

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1553, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OFFICES HIGHT I SPACE SHIPS
CRATI TROM OUT JOIDER COULD ES DISCS, SPHERES, OR BIG I-25 WITH WINKS
It is just pobsible that some of the unidantlfled objects iat be spece
ahipe from another plesat, the Idas of space tieval 1a do longer the lass-
tastlo subjest It sas in the gears before hosta war II, In the ISATIs
study of indentl led objocts, space ahlps have been giver sorlous consta
oration,
. Although no do sot know what a space abip trow another plazat will
Joak 11ko, to do know approadstely what a space blp buit on Bartla 21Z
100k 1tka.
"'T ley, the seokot expert, says the ship with lock Itha a large.
roctot - Itte a V-2, but taller, Ite baight V/2l be 10 to 12 tisan Ita
pergant diamotor, It vIll bare short ilago, plaoed Iai bacto tho singa
will be either sharply suept back, or pull bave a delta contiguration,
Such & inip v/21 have es atonto pores plant. Irst for teke-off will be
providad by a chendoel boostes, to arald relig the tako-all area radio-
aotive, and the atople pours vIl be ied abortzy afterward.
Boverer, a transport Ison another planet wight here the shape of a
aphero, or si diso. For trimes through the farth's atsosphere, the sphore
would not be noarly as offlelant an a this diac. The sphere could lane.
tracian done atrane, but it rare dial darenterlot an old sot mates
those of the aiso, In the vacua of outer speso, however, the shape of
i space ship would not affect its space at all.
Is the understarst obsector nao at ton out the santa
orbit, the strange, beharlos of some of them (howiring, 1hylog in lost
20

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 243, "chars": 1546, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
bursts of speed, changing direction at high spaed, splintig, and accalor-
eting suddenly to higt speeds) cen be explained only ij I) a source of power
unknown to Barthlings; 2) materlals possessing greater strength and greater
eblity to resist beat than any now kooke an sara stungstall, tuperlor.
balugs or robots capable of withstanding erornous G fOrces ior; 4) a now,
radical Deans of overcoming or screening gravity.
Tho possibllitloss lars and Toras
Space ships could cone here fion ether Mera oI Vunus, Other planeta
iri the solar system are considerad poor prospects for lite to extut, Je-
cause of the elinatie and atmospherlo conditions boltered to exist on: Mara,
It is thought by astronizens that a rape of intelligence boings roild be
Hose Ilkely to be found on that planet than on Vemis. Mara kes a rare.
straphase, sourly devold of oxygen and water, sud its nigits are much
colder then our factlo winters. To atmosphore of Venus appears to ba clouds,
and apparently consists matry ol carbon alozido with deep alouda of formala-
obodo droplets. Vems seems to hare Ilttle or no uster,
Dospite these extrommental characteriatics, it is possible that intelli
gent beings exist on both planets. Such beings could ba types whose-body
cheidstry, siss, appearance, and basic regutrements or ratitonanco of IlSe
ere entirely difference froz our ain,
When furs is nearest Bartin, It 1s about 35,000,000 miles away. Wher
Vem 1s rearest Baith, It is about 26,000, 000 m1les awey. Venus 1a nearly
es large as Barth; Mars In snaller than Terus.

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 304, "chars": 1853, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Space ships right come fron other solar systems
Arguments such as those applied to lara and Vonus need pot necessarily
- apply to planets orbiting stars othes than our suz, according to de En Tapp,
of the fand corporation.
Many planets outside our solar systen my lavo tle enviromonto]
characteristics of Barth. The existenca al Itte on planata unich hare the
"right conditlors" is not only possible, Ipp fraly belloves, but Inevitable.
He assumes, for the sake of his ergument, that man is "average", erd this
that half the beings on auch planets are aboad of us in knowledge, and have
reached varlous levels of space travel expertenco, Conceivably; as lipp
suggests, anong the nyclads of other salar syatens ls spaca, one oI more racos
of intelligence beligo on planato ler renoved fros our solar syster HAVE
discovered methods of travel that we could regard onts as fantastio. iot,
the greater
the astronont cal distances that would have to be traversed by
space travalors to reach out Barth from outaide oux solar systan, the alighter
the chanco that space travelora would ever Find thie planet. The galaxy
we are in has a dianeter of about 100,000 1Igit Jears, and a total raus
of abort 200 btll1o1 times that of our suz other galaros, at distancos
up to bIllions of 11gat years, have beer photographed, rmbering several
bundred mIlion and each containing milllons of individual stars, A 1200
of auperlos intelligence, values it coure frequostly i outer space, toula
not bo I1kaly to stumble upon Planet III of Sol, a fifth-magnitude star 1i'
the outaits of our ioods, of Milky Was, Balazy.
• CAPTIONS fOr SOME OTHERS HIGHT BE SPACE SHIPS
BRAKING BLIPSES, Space ailp coung to tarth right execute several ellipses
as shows to order to reduce spond for landing. braving is to acale, accept.
that atmosphore (broken etrale) ia four times too deep.
22

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 243, "chars": 1682, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VII PHE-1947 JAO REPORIS
Erly marrig pre-1947-reporis are rich and raried, and fall com
sistently, 'Ilke rocers sightings, into thrao categoriess Imminoua balls;
saucer-ahaped objocts; cigar-shaped objects.
IDITOR'S IOTES TIE, In a recont articlo, rentionaó the celebrated
"airship" reportad sees in 1896-57 by thousanda of reople Iron descland,
CalIf., to Chicago, and yrinted part of e clipring about it from the New.
York HERAID of 11 April 1897. READERS DIGESI, in an articlo in its JulI
1952 18320,
"Plying Saucers Are How In lume Only, " mentlosad reported TAO
sightings 1a 1913, 1904, 1697 (the sane one montionă by TINE),, 1832, and
1870, Thene relorences pave a supertical impression that IT aid BEARS,
DIGEST had extensively researched the subjoct of early tAo sightinge. Those
eminent papazines, however, for ill their rsputations for thoroughness and
their lirge resourch staffs, berely seratched the airface of this rich asd
extraordimarily Interesting aubject.
It is rather widely kelloved that the ros-fanous "Arnold Report" of
24 Tuzo 1927% w25 the firat UAD roport, Actually, reported TAD siebtings
EO Way, way backwell over a cantury and possibly to Old Testament days..
Aliost all rearly aightigs, " as they save been ahort-titled bi the kir Fores,
fell into the sare rain categories thet the rodern sightings fell tatos
Iuminors balli, seuper-sheped objects, or edgar-aliaped objots..
The AIR INTEILICENCE DIGEST reivests its readers to nake their own
evaluntions of these early reports. Were they. - as many indern sightings
have tussed out to be - tiluäona, mistaken faontie cationa, or koaxes?
* See thiid paragraph of the article, "TAOs over USA," page -
23

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 207, "chars": 1401, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Os were they real, and of terrestrial origin? os real, and of calestial.
origin, rossibly transplanetery or avon trungstallar?
• There are many hundreds of reported earls sightinge on racord, huty
after careful screening, tie DINIST bas selected for presentation gAZ
those discussed and/or joproduced (see accomarying artwors) in this art
A largo parcentage of the early reports were in the form of lotters
to guan sober and reputablo joumais ne the london Imess Setentitlo AreI
Lass Matures spondesa Meteorolordes Journal; la Si and Ganda Montaiz
Heatles Reylew Whatresentes Antionnache Nachrlebtensterdate Balpusses,
and Die had seem ind Jo et afences the gratess.
"onth forder es intronacioto. Iris proves, is It proves bothing else,
that the ultressos were deeply moved and excited by what they an - or
tbought they sus. M. Ilncaln Schuster vote in his Introduction to the
book, "t fressury of the world's Great Inters", "then any person has s
80121-Bhektng experienco, he usually can-and fracuently coosmirite a letter
about It."
"Ezekial saw do Wheel,"
Zechariah saw ę "z0l]"
The AIR INTELLIGENCK DIGEST WILl not quarrel with roaders to diasles
as far-fetched any interpretation of the Biblical quotations. below as refer-
onces to I) a disa-shaped. J10 and 2) a 'elgar-staped UAO. Inese cuotations
areipresosted solaly los whatever significance, it EIr, that DICEST readess
may read into them.

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1666, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ine wording of the well-brown rolorance in Ezaklal iss " . . •=
whirlead come out of the sorth... a fire unoliting . . . anil a
brightzass vas about it, out of the ridst thereof as tha color of arbar
i : a lt aperiled Ite the color of burnished brass ; " . Like burn
ing coals of fira, and like the aprestance of lana • " • the appent
unes of the wheols was like unto the color of a beryl (greeniab-blud) .
• . as it were à wheel in the middle of t wheal",
Loss families is a pansage in Zocherians minen I turned, anà Lifted
up mine ares; and Joakod, and beheld a flying toll •. • • the length
tibero! (N26) trents oublts, and the bresata thoroof (vaB) ten cubtits.".
"BolI, " 1a Biblical terndsology, unally meant the perchmart rolls then
wed for boals. Ix came trasialatlons, the phrase. "Flying books 1s sub
atituted fox "Flying Toil" 1a the foregoing pandago. Converting cabite
Into feet, locharlah's "plying roll" mousured 30 by 15. Loot!
I2 Jesuary 1838
1Ixtonsive controverales raged among astronomers iuring the 1700s
slout, morous small objects observed noar Venus. Were they optloal
IIusiona? Satellitos of Venus? A planot betwear Venua and lereury?
These toleacopically observad objects probably hive no comection witt
VADE, elthough some comentatora, notably Cherlas fort, teve tried to
establish such
" a consention, la sie possibly on firmer ground in quoting
¿ bidol rolarence in the 1877 Eeport of the kritish Assondation for the
dvancement of setonce; " :
.. o a report that at charburg, Frange, on
|12. Jarairy 1833, was seen a Juninors body, seemingly tuo-thirds the size
at the noor, It seemed to rotate on an als. Contral to it theire seemed
24

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 225, "chars": 1479, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to bo a dart carity".
Ihe sinflarity of this earliest dated Vil report
to many zodern sigitings ia immediately apparent."
letures 1880, 1893
The magazine future, muttitled 1 Noek Illustrated Joural of Science,
reported an unusually interesting sighting in Its 20 lay 1850 issue. Ike
Item on "zererzable phenonenon observed at Kittenal, nont Irakohner (Ger.
mary) " described "an enormous muler of luminous bodies" which frose from
the horizon and passed in a horizontel direction froz east to west. Tray
Doved through space like a string of beads, and shons with a reverkably
brilliant Isght.". Some sore ostimated to the "tho aise of a walmet,"
others jesembling "sparks from a chimey," and, 12 connaction with these
estimatos of sisa, it in important to bear 1a mind that apparest eize and
real sise aro tis rory afferent thinga, especially as appiled to calestial
phonomena.
In the 25 Nas 1893 Issue 05 Nature apperred the much guoted siphting
repart of the "unknown lightis oi japan", This stated that ribe globes
altered in theis foretion. • " and . •"
- took the fors of a crescent
or diamond, ox hung festoon fashion in a curved line",
„Sea, and compare, the saterial on the nodern "Iublock ligita" night-
Ings, on page.. of the estlale, "J40s, over USA."
: On page ;. ara reproduced some ol' the voro Interesting lotters
and vous Items about lADs that appeared In the great imes of Iondon from
1848 to 1869. in 1870 Jetitor to the Ilmen is our cover picture tate sortin.

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 228, "chars": 1503, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Why uso reports, in all thats parlod, strange, add nomettes wilder
extravagant fosse abould hate poured in on the ultra-conservative 2ngr
("The Thunderer") is a mystery as challenging as that of the uils ther-,
selten, The soríous treatment the Timen gare thase roports, howeter, 15
ratifying to lock teck os, sinds, in the 1800s, ther must here been evan
soze incrediblo neering than they are in todayla age of supersonis flight,
radar contact with the moon, and stomie fission.
Hote aro soze selected quotetions from Illeg UAD IeDortas
"Iheze they abone with a bright Flickering light wat11 alout 10 a'clock,
when they mored, reling a biight eure westward. The spood with which theg
migrated vas prodtgious." (1846).
sich bas quito friphtered the suporstitions here, st. 7120 a brilltant
red 1lsht appeared to the sough by bast, about belf-war betreion tike senith
and hordson, . . its shepe was oblong i a . in about 15 itutes it
tose to the zonith." (1859).
"Tais (to 10) estraordinery object.
•Monted stoadtis awas,.
• mitbwost by roith.. . thren no raya in any disestlon • . . and
us in 1y sight, frau flist to last, about three mimites." (1867).
"A falling star vorla nover bare renatiad so JonE visibla la tho
talencopie fțold, "'(1870). .
El202p0hisal Mareatre te
thzz Bordes of Autronom
Ihe so-calliod "Auroial Bean ol Horamber 17th, 1882, i was the subject
os a 20-pago articto di the londos, Balabine, and Dabin PhA Bandea
Heranton and jouries of scence, and one of the 26 observars of thie

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 253, "chars": 1657, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
amazing phoxonenon vas sone otier than the Astronorer Royal, It wes des-
arlbed by varlous observers as "pindlo-shaped, i ta cigar-ship, " "tortedo-
Itke, " "scaver's shuttle," and, nore spectfically, da bat of yellowish
Ilpat, with a dark something" before the bat and a darks strack where it
passed", The compiler and collater of the observations, l5. J. Rand Capron,
wotas "A primary question is whether the "bean! was roally and truly a
part of the auroral display, or a "meteor, ' "neteoroid, " "conetary body,'
or somathing allied to any of these, in contra-alstinction to an 'auroral
beam'". Ine Observator - Monthly Bevlew of Astronom, connenting on the
Caproz atlate, apolé of the phenomanos as tumusual and strikire, not to .
or awfamp ring, but the erratory eltos, Do. In Wo Maunder, Follow
of the Horal deademy of Sclarie, bald that It was an suroral, rather than.
smeteoric, manifestation. In other words, sobody, not, ever the best
salentists of the day, could figure it out.
"Ihat airship"
: Unquestionably, the rost famous and nost tarlisa Averican 180 was the
"airship" which, list reported over Dakland, Galil,, on lovember, 1896;
finally appeared, according to thousands of olservers, including mary rom
putable sclentists, over Chicago. The Dekland Iribune of 23 lovember 1896
led off its gogglo eyed storys ricat a huge airahip has been hovering over
dalland fox the last few nights hes, in the minds of many, beon conclusively
proven The dispatch aald furthers. "The ship resenbled a tige bird 1a its
tone the les ork Herald to a dopateh headined AT ATEST NOW AT
AÇO rotos for wale, reporte kavo been contig in pros verdous polite.
27

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 256, "chars": 1697, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
between bere and californs reproing on sirship.
• tez of unquestioned
veracity declare the noring object was an alrakin.
.. some reclare thoy
• sal tro cigar-simped objects end terit wings • • • Chiergo ant her euhurls
are Internel, interested, ent the subject is nirost tie sole tonio or con-
vorsation."
Monthly bester Roviers 1904, 1907,
The Is, Heather Dorean's Bentil Heather review, in tie fasuas or,
respectivaly, March 1904 and July 1907, printed two of the zost rystifying
eBI]y- sighting reports or record, They were joaded "hoverkalle letecrs"
and "A Possible Case of TEll Lightzing".
Tho author of the 1904 Isport was It. urank I, Schollold, l':3.N.,
who stated that be saw "thres bonewbet romariable meteors! at 350 581
Most 28036' Nest, wasch, apposed near the hortion and bazon the clouds,
travelling fa a group from northrost by portle (trzo) atrectay toward tho
sip.:. his they approached the ship, they appeared to door..."
(EDITOR'S NOTES
To call inters which soar "gonewhat revarkatlen was tile
understaterent of the century.)
The 1907 report was by "Hilltan le Alexander, official weather fore-
castor of Elington, Vito, who wrote about an "explosion so sundon, so
mengiested, and so territo tuat it startled iractically the entire city of
turzsington.! in moted Elshop John 5. 'eind win, it the the of tie
Incident, was standing in converantion viti ex Governos Moodiury of, Jorzont
at the correr of Unrch and College Streeto. Elahop 1icheud, after desorib
ing the most wu! and torthle explosios, "' suids "I absorted a torpedo-
shaped body some 30n feet evy, statlonry In appearince and sumended it
the air about 50 feat above tis tops of the buttlings. altrough ntetionary

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 221, "chars": 1430, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
whos flist noticed, this object soon began to nove, rather slowlt.
Mongolias 1927
Is the book "Altai-limeleya," by leholas Boorich, raintor treveller,
and bystic, the author inote that, 1a l'ongolia in 1927, his party eas
"something big and shiny reflecting the sun, like a huge orel Doring at
great speed.
Crossing our cerp, it chaaged Its atraction from south to
southuest. We even had time to trke out tield glasses and saw quito dia.
tinatly an oval for",
Interestig ... •
HQ USAT evelzatos with only one word these early sightings which It
has carefilly soarched out, sisted, and prosented here, for you inspection.
They are, undertably, interesting. No other evaluation is, is fact, posa.
Ibio, From knowledge now avallablo. "Pertape only the TAO Lature"- 17 an
when 1t rimally brings a coprahension of into great, chațiening watery
12 our elden -v322 emaile us to coralațe the TAD present with the tho
past.
CASE HISTORT OF A TAO
Investigațora at ATIC Irat cheet to sea 1l a 'UAO 1s 1) in alrarat,
2) as astronomical body, 3) a balloony attor this routine, ench sighting.
reöutres a separate and inique course of setion.
• In me-tuly, as this 1s urltten, Air Technical Intelligence Center at
Windeht-Patterson AlI Force Pase 1a belng swenped with TAO afglitinga. Reports
: are coming in at the rate of double that of a year ago. In the tro weeks
preceding this insting, ATIC'S Aerial Pronomone Branch has received (0 Buch:

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1719, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
reports, the reports include such intoresting ones as tiat from tro Pon
Arerican Almayà pilots sho reporter seeiny, "eight-glowing red-orange disest
flytng 1,000 miles ar hour over horfolk, Vas
Inere is to doubt that UAD pitilleity - not increasingly idenpreca
In the public press « has rosulted in many of these roports, Project
Grudge in 1949 pointed to a correlation battoor rublicity and the nudiet
Of TAD rsports, Jadey, the sane trend is apparanto It's a snowbell effect.
1 sigsting rocalves wide putlicity; this realte in more reports; these
recoive paolicity, they result is still more isports.
Publialty can be good
Parhaps some of these reporta are, as Project Grudge binted, a antid
loss it mass iratoria, " sparked as puttielty. Jat, the orticer is charge
• Of the serial phonozone Sootion leels that the euront large nicer of
reports can he whered is another 1ight. Ho balleres that in the pest some
qualified observers who have aighted vali fallod to report thom, due to
coar of ridiarlo.
Many of thie current reports, he belieros, simpl
refact a knowledgo that the dis lorco 1s genuinely and sartoral; inter-
osted In anything ard everything thet goes on in the stuosgrero stove us.
"is now attitudo has also cone arout. through publicity, He also bolieves
that intelligence offers shoold know the investinative procedure at ATIC,
so that they vIll understand that their reports ere fiven serlous conaicora
tion. A typical investigation cen ke sumad up is the story of s typica
#lebtings:
At about olgat o'clock on the morning of 3 April 1952, four civilian:
Air Force pilot intructors stood at the eurpost at tenson, Ards, Obser
Ing a cadet. cross country flight. | One of the instructors notIced a.
30

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 231, "chars": 1444, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
nstar-1tko" object notloness in the str and colled it to tre attention
ofitte otior Instretors, They fatedlately took stens to secure data witt:
the couscont at band, they wheeled a I-t around to hord tourd the I1o..
This gave then the ragastic bearing. Sitting in tie cods it, a pilot
rigited over the canory to get a rougi-anu-reaiy entirate ot the eleva-
tion.
One instructor then took off 1n-a Int, lia elimbai to 12,000 Ioot,.
but the relative sizo of the oilect äld not change. This Indicated tkat
tho objact was very high, Mien, after 52 mimtos, the object suddenty
disayreared.
then ATIC rocalved tke i INORI" report on this nighting an officer
eirst checked to son if au other reports corrolated vital this oze.
ball and the various reports fit, together lilie a Jigsaw puzzle (this
explaine why ATIC vales latelligence officers to tend in a11 reports);
• First-phase investigation.
In this case, there were no othei reports. The officer then began
bis irveatigation's first phases to check whether the object could keve
been I) a high firing aircreft, 2) an astronomical body, 3) a balloon.
He found that B-30s had been flying in the zies at tie tire of the sight-
•10g, but he quickly oilminated then as an explanailos. Katicenaties anowed
him that i F-36, even flying high enough so that. It could not be recognized,
World have flown through such e wide aro 1m. 52 minutes that the chunge in
bearing word have been readily apparent

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 257, "chars": 1616, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ATIC is staffed with highly qualified engineers and sclentists.
Ine
centor also has an "0m-col1" contract with solentiats and espiroota
representing such fielde as nuclear physies, metallics, mycolo, matib
ematies, and chemistry. the investigating offics in thia case askad the
consulting astroposer for Projoct Ilue Foot to deterine woether an astros-
anical body could bave caused the sighting, Ine astrosomor concluded that
Do astronautcel boct wilci could have been seen in dayllght had been in the
portion of the sky where the object hus been sean, Venus, a previous.
: offendex, had been too near the sur to have been seen.
A Ilkely possibility
Witle the astrosoner was chocking, the offloor begon his study of
balzoors, a 114077 possiblilty Ior aIr object that remains stationary. -
Ios tram Itie to 60 montos. to know that he world be able to check this
possiblity with reasonable achiracy. "pibalI" balloons that use not
tracied are meldom reported as tADs, bocuse of thats sall siza.. Ingo,
instrument-carrying balloons are tracked.
. The offlor chocked his map (see page →na) of I. S, Iócitione
whero such balloons are Inunched. He wired stations near Penson AFB
asking whether tiber had a balloon in the als at the tine, and, if so, the
general path the balloon took, the bearing from the atetion, and the altit-
udo at when it had burst. 1is repllas were negative, except from Davis
"outbon ArB, at tucson, miutice 1l30s — Of Barson,
: The Daris-
"britbar balloon had travalled southeast of Tucson, had reached cals nis
at about.
fest altitado, then had risen vart tally until it had
burst et _i (tine.

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1650, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The officor plotted the Jocation of his balloon during the Last part
of Its flight. the boaring Of this plot FrOM BOIsOn AIrfIeld was the
sens as the boaring the pilot instrustors had reported, Ibe anglo as
elevation was within 10 degrees of that estimated by the obsarvers -
close enough when you remember the rough-and-ready nathod used by the
Instructors.
IVALUATION! Inds INO vas mariad dova to reflection of the aur from
intondo bal1001 175128 — alant miles asay from the obiervera.
• Intol11gence officers can quickly, see, from this story of the LAO
sighting at lenson, the value of requestad Intormation (soe Instde Iront
corax)i. Is some instances, for example, a balloon-launching station might
Lose contaot with & be22001 I the roporting afticar Inalides winds
aloft as high as they ate snoorded, It spoods up the investigation. The
paralbility of the tAl being Identitiod as an aircraft is dependent on the
•data do the vire from the reporting officar. It 1s dirflault to obtain.
data on atiorait flights in the area of the sighting sereral days after
¿ report is made. I "III" on an object et the begianing and end af ita
Right is among the date that the astronoms uses.
A roport of si undcoxtarled radar retur is bandled as a special case.
All sued aightings ato referred to the electronies branch of ATIC. The
officero st ATIC 1004 forward to receiving radar scopo plotures with
reporta of radar alebtingo.
A sportal elootrones questionatre. ià 1a tho
1t11.
Some are not so easy
The sighting at Bonson was comperativat easy to polva, others aro
pate: The nor-famona case of the lubbock lighter was investigated lor weals
33
* Soo page

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 50, "chars": 320, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and was submitted to several scientists and specialiata for corments..
Ite case is st11l open, the investigation st11l contlnuing.
Bach VAN that does not Jleld a tangible rosalt iø bandled as a spec'
Lal case. It requires a separate and unique courso of action. the only.
SOP Is that the inveatigating officer mist dig.
