{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T04:52:28Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 307148, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116420-cia-letter-to-gordon-scherer-from-catherine-carter-golden-8-15-60.pdf", "source_sha256": "0db9cf2754337344d374d904be6838252ad0050ac184884cdb099ac111603e9d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 453, "chars": 2787, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
0
000532
August 15, 1960
Hon. Gordon Scherer
House Office Building
Washington 25, D.C.
Dear Mr. Scherer:
Several weks ago a picture of & UFO was shown on the Dave Garroway show.
It was the famous Brazilian UFO. It was taken on board the Brazilian
Navy IGY ship in daylight and in full view of about a hundred persons.
It was developed aboard in the presence of the officers of the ship.
It was certified as being authenitic by the Navy, released to the press
by the Brazilian President himself. It was in the headlines of all the
Brazilian newspapers for & week. It created such tremendous public
Interest that a Congressional Investigation followed, and as a result
much more UFO infornation was made public.
Now the American Air Force has labeled this picure a hoax!
Of course I am concerned about the affect of this on our campaiga to
get the UFO situation opered up in this country. But I am even more
concerned as to what affect this will have on our relations with Brazil.
The Brazilians know about their UFOs. I have copies of the magazine
O IZUZZIRO in which many outstanding incidents are frankly and openly
discussed. I recently received a seven page report on censorship in
Brazii from Dr. Olavo Fostes, Brazil's best known UFO researcher.
What censorship there is in Brazil is largely at our insistence and the
authorities don't like even that much. There have been an average of
six to eight sightings/conth for fifty months, and sometimes there are
as many as thirty in a two hour period. How are these well informed
people going to react to hearing their President and several high Navy
officials called frauds?
You may not agree with this at present, Mr. Scherer, but the Americen
Alr Force is withholding evidence even from Congressmen, and I feel strongly
that the time has long since come when this dangerous situation should be
marated it "secret"
ATIC has now admitted hiding the Project Grudge report by
marking it
, and admitted that the CIA is involved in the UFO
investigation.
Cn the other hand it has denied many serious incidants
it had previously confirmed.
Why, why does there have to be secrecy at
all? inst is the CIA covering so desperately that it is necessary to
make such incredible charges against the head of a friendly government?
statistics are obviously contrived. The feeling about UFOs has changed
in Cincinneti. There hasn't been a tongue-in-cheek article published for
over a year.
As General O'Keele said last December, and Senator Johnson
bas said recently, Uros are serious business.
Won't you, Sir, lend your help by making a stand for open Congrexsional
hearings?
And If you feel you can't do that, at least do something about
the Brazilien affair. Thank you.
334 Thrall St, Apt 3
CIncinnat1 20, Ohio
Sincerely
Catherine Carter Golden
-
