{"created_utc": "2026-09-08T03:42:38Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 169802, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304037632480909, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116457-unidentified-flying-object-implication-for-national-security.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540565160000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116457-unidentified-flying-object-implication-for-national-security.pdf", "source_sha256": "94b107287fe80ecb775c64e47337c617242409e59963f07b292278906590a892"}

EXECUTIVE BRIEFING DOCUMENT


                 THE DIRECTOR OF CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE


               UNITED STATES CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY


                      UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
                    IMPLICATION FOR NATION SECURITY
                                  AND
                            HUMAN SURVIVAL


THIS IS NOT AN OFFICIAL INTELLIGENCE DOCUMENT AND DOES NOT REFLECT
THE VIEWS OF THE CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY OR ITS EMPLOYEES NOR
DEPARTMENT HEAD OF THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT. CONTENTS SHOULD
BE REGARDED AS AN ADVISORY AND NO CLASSIFICATION HAS BEEN ASSIGNED
TO THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN.
                             INTRODUCTION

  In the years 1946-1955 I compiled information for a descriptive
analysis of the United States intelligence community that had
evolved in the decade since World War II. My attention focused
primarily upon the Central Intelligence Agency. The result of my
efforts, Central Intelligence, UFOs and National Security, was
widely read in 1956. More than 20 years have passed since I
collected all available material on "the UFO problem and the CIA"
and timorously published it.

  My purpose was to explore a miijor terra incognita of American
government, the national intelligence community, the original role
of which was to bring the main :acts of the outside world of UFOs
to the attention of policy makers. It was apparent that in this
role the institution would be o° crucial importance and great
potential influence in decision making. Because of this, I felt
that such an institutional phenomenon required as much description
and analysis as its secret nature would permit.

  A number of questions about such a study and its publication
were raised then, as they will he now. It is possible to write
a scholarly work on a largely invisible intelligence establishment
the archives of which are tightly closed, whose directors and
employees cannot be systematically interviewed and the product o£
which is almost always top secret. Is it in the "national interest"
to collect and publish UFO material that is available assuming
that this might give some future aid or comfort to present or future
adversaries of the United States.? What good purpose can be served
by publishing this information? It was at once apparent that the
CIA's new world role after World War II would demand a new system
for decision making informed by a vast UFO/secret weapon
information-gathering organization. It was also apparent, and most
crucial in the context of the ideological confrontation between
United States and Soviet powers, that the CIA and NSA was expected
to enter into the back alleys of espionage and covert intelligence
collection action. The proper UFO policy organization and
system for control of this kind subsumed under an intelligence
organization were bound to confront the United States with
problems which would not be easily solved.


  My assumption—bias if you will—about "the UFO problem and the
CIA" should be stated at the outset. I believe that in the ??
contemporary world of an intelligence and code breaking system ??
required for effective decision making. The secrecy of the 7?
apparatus abets its power and intelligence, is a source of
increasing influence in any classified UFO intelligence
system. As a source of great influence, intelligence analysis 7?
operational systems demand the close attention of senior???
policy makers. Too little attention has been given to, and
inadequate controls have been exerted over, the intelligence
establishment since 1947.
  No pretense is made that the following pages and sections give a     ri


full and complete "inside story" of the CIA's UFO intelligence
collection and evaluation system, particularly of the
overseas espionage and covert action operations. Of these, I shall
perhaps never see more than the top of the iceberg, at least in this
generation. But diligent compilation of less classified materials
has allowed me to reveal the transparent structure and some of the
unorthodox methods of a pervasive UFO intelligence system at work in
Washington and around the globe.

  Formidable difficulties exist Eor an astronomer on call who sets
out to describe the history, structure and principal methods of
two


    intelligence without compromising my secret involvement in the
invisible world of the NSA. Wha-= I been allowed to do is to perform
careful library intelligence that has permitted me to overcome many
of these difficulties. I have never been an active member of the
professional intelligence guild. Were I privy now, or had I been
in the past, to top secret information about the intelligence
system, security inhibitions wou:Ld impinge upon my profession.

  Fundamental problems exist in raven attempting an accurate
historical survey of certain kinds of intelligence experience
because military archives remain closed to certain documents or have
been destroyed systematically to]? security reasons. This problem
is illustrated by Project Blue Book staff and the Air Technical
Intelligence Center about the intelligence experience in
investigating the New Mexico flying saucer radar detection near
Los Alamos and White Sands facilities from 1944-1949. The files I
have seen recounts how Top Secret" intelligence digests
containing the most up-to-date operational radar intelligence were
destroyed as soon as they had been evaluated during certain periods
of intense and reliable flying saucer incidents in that state. And
even though two digests were kept; for the record, one U.S. Army
Headquarters, and one in U.S.A.F.. Intelligence Headquarters, when
Project Sign was terminated both copies were destroyed for security
reasons not known to me. While one is prompted to wonder whose
security may have been at stake, this practice was so common as to
make unlikely an objective review of the UFO intelligence system
and performance in many important past events. At any rate, this
illustrates one aspect of the difficulty of scholarly research in
this field. Nonetheless; the subject is far too important to be
left unexplored. And on the question of whether this briefing
document will aid the CIA's adversaries if it is published outside
of normal channels or not, I am convinced that you know far more
about the United States intelligence system than most observers
outside the system will ever know.

  While there have been a number of publications on the subject
during the 1950's and 1960'x, authentic works remain scarce, and
bibliographic indebtedness will be detailed in footnotes and
bibliography in the revised draft, but reference should be made to
some groundbreaking treatises on UFO intelligence which
influenced the development of serious scholarship in this and
on my own writing on the subject..
  Included are George S. Pattee's The Future of American Secret        'c


Intelligence (Washington, 1946), an analysis of World War II
deficiencies, with suggestions for the structure of an
intelligence system. Sherman Kent's Strategic Intelligence,
written shortly after the Central Intelligence
Agency was established, is an incisive discussion of intelligence
as a kind of knowledge for specific UFO sighting evaluation, a
type of organization and a unique activity. Dr. vannevar Bush's
Modern Arms and Free Men (Simon and Schuster, 1949), written for
policy makers and defense science regarding technology's role in
preserving democratic institutions and he? is believed to be now
heading up the classified UFO study program. Roger Aiisman's
Strategic Intelligence and National Decisions (Glencoe, Ill., 1956)
remains the only attempt to explore the nature of intelligence
doctrine among policy makers in Washington.

  My original book, "Central Intslligence, UFOs and National
Security, was the outgrowth of materials prepared for use by the
Defense Policy Seminar of the Defense Studies Program, Harvard
University, and thus my debt remains to the faculty and guest
lecturers who participated in those seminars. This is true also for
my Defense Program colleagues, notably Professor W. Barton Leach
of the Harvard Law School, and including Edward L. Katzenbach, Jr.
and Maury D. Field. Others who assisted me in various ways were
Donald Menzel, Admiral Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter (ret.), and General
Charles P. Cabell (USAF, ret.). Special gratitude is expressed for
Dr. J. Allen Hynek, astronomer and consultant to the Air Force's
UFO program and advisor to the CIA's Robertson Panel Report on UFO's
and national security implications.


Office of Scientific Intelligence                     L.C.R.
Central Intelligence Agency
December 1976
