{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T01:31:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 227388, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116476-cia-above-top-secret-timothy-good.pdf", "source_sha256": "c2006f478c146d80437ea762e26bb46367b451703042298769a108cd407be363"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 74, "chars": 509, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
# 0387
000853
ATTACHMENT 5E
Iord Hill-Norton
The following is the Forward written by Lord Hill-Norton to
Ahove Tor Secret, a book published in 1987 by Timothy Good, a
British UFO reseûrcher.
Lord Hi11-Norton was Chief of Defence
Scaff, Ministry of Defense, in Great Britain (1971-73); and a :
Mamber of the House of Lords.
"T%
ABOVE
TOP SECRET
The Worldwide UFO Cover-up
TIMOTHY GOOD
With a foreword by Admiral of the Flees
The Lord Hill-Norton GCB
Chief of Defence Staff 1971-73
SIDGWICK & JACKSON
LONDON
::

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2054, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:.:
op Secres
rards)
zency
ency
245
271
579
000854
FOREWORD
Tim Good has made a major contribution in this book to the UFO
literature. He is one of the most thorough and best-informed researchers
into this arcare subject and, as those who know him and his work would
expect, he has based his book soundly upon fact and a great deal of most
convincing evidence which I have nos seen in prins before.
It is fashionable, almost mandatory, for any serious aitempt such as this
30 discuss UFOs to be rubbished by the media and dismissed by most of
the public as science fiction at one estreme, or the work of a nal-case at
the other. I do not think what follows could possibly be so easily ignored
by any reader trained to weigh evidence - certainly I cannos do so.
I have frequently been asked why I am so keenly interested in UFOs;
people seem io think it odd that someone who has been so closely
involved with Defence for many years should be so simple. I am
interested for several reasons. First, I have the scit of enquiring mind.
that likes to have zhings satisfactorily explained, aid the one aspect of
this whole master which is starkly clear lo me is inas UFOs have nos
been explained, to my satisfaction. Indeed, so fas ai l am concemed the
U stands more for unexplained than unidentified, Second, there is a very
wide range of other unexplained phenomena which may or may not be
related to UFOs but which bave come to my notic in the UFO conner-
cion. Third, I am convinced that there is an official cover-up of the
investigations which Governments have made into UFO%, certainly in
the Unired Staies, probably in our own country, though not in France,
and for all I know in Russia and other countries as far apart as Argentina,
Spatt, sustadia and China to name just a few.
Ihe evidence that there are objects which have been seen in out
atmosphere, and even on terra firm, thai cannot be accounted for either
as man-made objects or as any physical force or etfect knowa to ouT
scientists seems to mae 10 be overwhelming. I have read two of three

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 708, "chars": 4185, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8
Above Top Secrer
dozen respectsble books, and many more less so; and I have listened to
addresses ty a dozen or mora emineni speakers, in which a very large
number of sightings have been vouched for by persons whose credentials
seem to me unimpeachable. It is striking that so many have been trained
observeis, sucù as police officers and airline or military pilots. Their
observations bave in many instances - though by no means a majority -
been supported cither by technical means such as radar or, even more
convincingly, by visibla eviderice of the condition of the observers or -
and this is common to many events - interference with electrical appa-
ratus of one sort or another. Tim Good gives chapter and verse for many
telling czamples of ail these matters, and some disquieting evidence
from witnesses of sightings, both in our own country and the USA, who
claim to have been silenced by unidentified 'Government' officials. It is
difficult to credit that hey have ail been either lying or hallucinating.
From the carliest days of the modern outbreak of sightings some forty
years ago, îere is a quis remarkable similarity berween the descriptions
given by observers of the flying vehicles. It is the more remarkable that
there have been tens ai thousands of these reports, from observers who
range from illiterate peasants in Argentina and Spain in people with
PhDs in other countries and they have all been given spontaneously -
which has led to the generic term 'flying saucer". It must be more than
a coincidence.
As for whai I have called bizarre phenomena, I need only refer to the
astounding geometrica iffects in the Alti Plano in South America of what
seem like gigantic airficids laid our in the days of pre-history by means
which would tax soday's technology to the limit. And to the pyramid ef-
fects, and to the so-callid navigational beacons, which could only be of
*. usc to a craft approaching earth from outside the atmosphere. These are
physical phenomena which exist, and can be touched and measured; and
по оле knows how they were made, nor by whom, nor for what purpose.
Let me turn to some views on what I and many others believe to be
the cover-up. There is no dispute that there have been at least two major
investigations into UFOs in the United States in the last forty years, and
there has been an acknowledged French Government investigation since
1954, but there has been no public acknowledgement of anything similar
in Britain or elsewbere. Nothing of substance has ever been disclosed
about the US investigations, and though in France the Government does
seem to be more ready to take the public into its contidence, quite the
reverse is true in both the United Stales and Russia, as many other
oficial pronouacement have emphasized. While I cannot prove that
there is a cover-up, I believe that Tim Good's book does so, certainly
to my satiaction. He shows beyond doubt that under the recent Free-
000855
dom of Information Act in th
files on the subject which ha
fairly recency been released
againsi the Governtient, is te
There secm to me to be
cover-up in the first rank, th
possibility is that the UFOs ai
powers, and that their eviden
of secrecy which maxes Top
simply do not believe this. If
time as Chief of the Defence:
the sectel, but i was nor, and
words. Morcover, the enorm
from sightings, and even optic
enough to me that the rechr
these devices is far in advanc
mind our manned space flighi
in actual use anywhere on ca
oi, perhaps more likely, in ir
hypothesis is that I sce no po:
man-made, the super-powers
stices could hardly be more
weapons.
• Second, it has been pur ab
30 capture a UFO, to learn it:
the results of their investigati
and muddle up their plans. It
that one or more powers ac
assers plainly in Chapter 16
fear that public interess will f
have got their answers. Certai
were true, and the results of
made public, it might just be pr
to discover more than was the
reject out of band either of th
the firsi possibility, I think I st
say so) but mose practically be
would not have gor our. Prac
rather than a conceptua, na
Governments tate to admit it
The two further possibilitit
by Goverments of pablic re

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 882, "chars": 5272, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
000856
Foreword
10
Above Top Secres
Jum of information det in the USA, there are secres, even top secret.
investigations have disclosed or revealed quite a lor abour UFOs. even
niles on the subject which have not been released, and that what has
including their origin, method of consuruction and propulsion. and just
fauly recently been released there, as the resull of a court decision
possibly theis purpose. If this is so, and if the enormous literasure is to
against the Government. is relling enough.
be believed, plainly there exists no human defence against them, should
There seem to me 10 be as leass five possible explanations for a
they be hostile. It is suggested thar Goverments believe this would
: cover-up in the first rank, though there may well be others. The first
"cause such public "alarm and despondency' (as we used to say in the
possibility is thar the UFOs are man-made, by one or both of the super
Second World Wat) as s0 have even farther reaching social and political
powers, and thai their evidens potential as weapons demanes a degree
effecis than the curreni opposition to nuclear weapons. This, I must:
of secrecy which makes Top Secret look like Beano. I must say thas I
concede, is juss possible, though i do not myself believe it. On the
umply do not believe this. If it were so, then I am sure that during my
contrary I think that were is true, the public would be relatively unmoved.
time as Chief of the Defence Staff I could noi have failed to be ter in on
Either they would nos believe is or, through apathy or fatalism. they
the secres. bur i was nor. and if I had been I siould not be writing these
would insiead shrug their shoulders and get on with what in 1987 is the
'wards. Moreover. the enormous and very consistent weight of evidence
difficult business of just living, winning the pools, planning holidays or
trom sightings, and even optical and radar measurements, make is clear
going on strike - or all four.
enough to me that the technology of constriction and propulsion of
The scoond of these lase iwo possibilities is that investigations have
these devices is far in advance of even that oi our space probes, never
disclosed that UFOs are no: physical phenomena but paranormal. and
mind our manned space flights. I am certain that were such rechnology
they defy explanation. The reason for not disclosing these findings could
in actual use anywhere on earth it would have surfaced, either in war
chen be reluctance to admis publicly that something very odd is going
.: or. perhaps more likely, in industry. My finai reason for sejecting this
on, and that Governments do not know what is is. If so, the same
hyporbesis is that I see no possible reason why, should these devices be
man-made, the super-powers should nor jusi say so. The man in the
line of argument abour public feas applies, and I would use the same
counter-arguments as before.
sireet could hardly be more frightened thai he is already of nuclear
However these five possibilities may sirike you, what seems to be
weapons.
common ground is that there have been thousands, perhaps tens of
Second. it has been put about thai all the maajor powers are seeking
thousands, of sightings and encounters, physical results and of the latter.
-to capture a UFO. to leam its secrets, and thai if they adrait or disclose
by people ail over the world whose evidence on any other subject would
the results of their investigations the general public will get into the aes
• be accepted withous question. There have been major investigations
and muddle up their plans. Third, is a varians if thai potion which bolds
lasting thirty or forty years by the Governments of the USA. Russia and
thas one or more powers actually have capiured a UFO (Tim Good
France, for certain, and probably Britain and other countries. At the
asserts plainly in Chapter 16 that this has beca done in the USA) and
end of it all - today - we have no hard official information to weigh
fear thai public interest will force them io disclose the fact before they
against some hundreds of books on the subject by private individuals or
have gor cheir answers. Cerainly if either of these unlikely explanations
groups of individuals. I claim that the charge that there is a cover-up is
were true, and the resuits of the undoubted investigations were to be
thereby proved. Whas I admir defeats me is a plausible reason for it.
made public, it might just be possible fo; informed students of the subject
This excellens book adds a greas deal of evidence 1o the whole dossier.
io discover more than was rhoughs in be good for them, For my part i
and I warmly commend it to all who are interesied in what. to me at
reject our of hand either of these explanations, partly because, as with
any rate, remaina & isscinating enigma.
the first possibility. I think I should have knowa (and not be allowed to
say s0) but more practically because I just catios believe that the secret
would not have gor our. Practically every osher secrel, of & physical
rather ihan a conceptual nature, is already widely knowa - thouzò
HILL-NORTON
• Govemmenis hate to admit it.
The two further possibilities on my list are both based on fear: feat
by Goveruments of public reaccion. Tha firsi possibility is that official
