{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T02:35:46Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2307040, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116465-proposed-studies-implications-peaceful-space-activities-mar-1961.pdf", "source_sha256": "6f2405db18b1bd4725f4e16e5483a58d0854448b9902257be26c15b814f9ddd8"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 253, "chars": 1695, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
V
Scared
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL
House of Representatives
Comittee on Science and
Astronautics
Washington, D. C.
24 March, 1961
Honorable Qverton Brooks
Chairwan, Committee on Science and Astronautica
Dear Mr. Chairman:
I am forwarding herewith fox connittee consideration a Maport on "Proposed
Studies on the Implications lf Peaceful Space Activities for Human Affairs."
Ihis report was prepared for NASA under a contracty with The Brookings
Institution; it has been revlewed by members of the committee staff.
I'he report is an important offort of the executive branch to comply with
sto and the aging of ther oftoet on Air can society.
therefore, that the atudy and dissemination of the report for colmitter
purposes will be useful, Of course, there 1a no Implication here that
the report necessarily reflects the views of any member of the coumittee
or staff.
Sincerely Yours,
thattee F Ducander,
Baécutive Director and Chief Counsel.
SUMMARY - ATTITUDES AND VALUES -- THE QINERAL PUBLIG - PARA. 41
Though intelligent or semi-intelligent life conceivably exists elsewhere in our solar
system, 1f intelligent extra-terrestrial Iife 1s discovered in theynext 20 yearo, 1t
will very probably be by radio telescope from other solas systems vidences of its
existence might also be found in artifiets left on the doon or oth
or not earth would be inspired to all all-out enace effort byllush a discovery 1s
noot: societies sure of their own place ta the ualverse have disintegrated when con-
fronted by a superior society, and others have survived even though changed. Clearly,
the better we can come to underatand the factore involved in responding to such cri-
ses the better prepared we will be.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 101, "chars": 731, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
i53
Contact with ET
terrestrals
This is from the congressional hearing report to gone altaects
of the long range apace goals on Amerzcan soorety!!
are the exerpts from this 272 page report which deal with the mat-
ter of contact with extra-terrestrials.
PROPOSED STUDIES ON THE IMRLICATIONS OFE
PEACEFUL SPACE ACTIVITIES FOR HUMAN AFFAIRS-
by
Donald N. Michael
with the cellaboration
of
Jack Baronson
Raymond A. Bauer
Aaron Be Nadel *
Herbert A.
Shepare
Herbert E. Striner
Christopher Wright
Prepared for/ the
National Aeronautics and Space Administration
by the Brookings Institution
24 March 1961/
cT.:
REPORT OF THE
COMMITTS ON SCIENCE AND ASTRONAUTICS
U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
BIGHTY-SEVENTH CONGRESS
FIRST SESSION
...P.:

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 639, "chars": 4136, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CENERAL PUBLIC — THE INPLICATIONS OF A DISCOVERY OF EXTRATERRE A LITE:
• Recent publicity given to efforts to detect extra-terrestrial messages
via radio tel-
escope has popularized--and legitinized-speculations about the Impact of such a dis-
covery on human values. 33
It is conceivable that there is semi-intelligent life in
some part of our solar system or highly intelligent I1fe which is not technologically
oriented, and many cosmologists and astronomers think it very likely that there 1s
intelligent life in many other solar systems.
While face-to-face meetings with it
will not occur within the next tewnty years (unless its technology is more advanced
than ours, qualifying It to visit earth), artifacts left at some point in time by
these life forms might poseibly be discovered by our space activities on the noon,
- Mars, or Venus.
If there la any contact to be made within the next twenty years,
would be most 21kely by radio- which would indicate that these beings had at least
our owa technological level.
- An individual's reactions to such a radlo contact would in part depend on his cul-
cural, religious, and social background, as well as on the actions of those he con-
sidered authoritles and leaders, and there hearts, In turn would in part depond on
their cultural, social, and religious environment.
The discovery wuld certainly
! - be front-page news everywhere; the degree of political or Surial IepercuBalon wouLa
probably depend on leadership's Interpretation of (1) Its own Io1u, (2) threats to
that role; and (3) national and personal opportunities to take advantag of the dis-
ruption or reinforcement of the attitudes and values of others. Since lega--ship
Itself might have great need to gage the direction and Intensity of public
to strengthen its own morale and for decisionmaking purposes, it would be most advan-
tageous to have more to go on than personal opinions about the opinions of che gen-
eral public and other leadership groups.
The knowledge that 11fe existed in other parts of the universe might lead to a greater
, unity of men on Earth, based on the "oneneds" of man or in the age-old assumption that
any atranger 1s threatening.
Much would depend on what, if anything, was communicated
between man and the other beings: since after the diacovery there will be years of
silence (because even the closest stațs are:several light-years away, an exchange of
radio communication would take twice the number of 11ght-yeaze separating our Sun fica
these, the fact that such being exaced might top on be a red
lite but probably not one calling for action.
to all-out space efforts by such a discovery 1s a moot question. Anthropological
Elles contain many examples of such socteties, sure of their place in the universe,
wich have disintegrated when they had to associate with previously unfamiliar Boc-
feties espousing different ideas and different life ways; others that survived such
an experlence usually d1d so by paying the price in changes in values and attitudes
and behavior.
Since Intelligent Ilfe may be discovered at any time vis the radio telescope research
presently underway, and since the consequences of such a discovery are presently un-
predictable because of our Limited knovledge of behavior under even an approximation_
of such dramatie circumstances, two research areas can be recommended-
Cont1nulng studen to determthe emotional and intellectual understanding;
and attitudes--and successive alterations of them if any-regarding the
possibility and consequences of discovering Intelligent extra-terrestrial
Ilfe. 36
Historical and empirical studies of the behavior of peoples and their
pershe confronted with dramacte and unfantilar events or soetal.
Such studies might help to provide programs for meeting and
adjusting to the implications of such a discovery. Questions one might
wish to answer by such studies might include: How might such Information,
under what circumstances, be presented to or withheld from the public for
what ends?
What might be the role of the discovering scientists or other
decisionmakers regarding the release of the fact of discovery!

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 625, "chars": 4139, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FOOTNOTES
150
33 see, for example, the many speculations on Project Ozna.
One such: "Project
Ozma Begins Operation at National Radio Astronony Observatory, " National Science
Foundation Press Release NSF-60-120, 12 Apr11, 1960.
34 The positlons of the major American religlous denominations, the Chrlstlan
secta, and the eastern religions on the matter of extr-terrestrial life need elucid-
ation. Consider the following:
"The Fundamentalist (and antisclence) sects are growing apace around the world, and
- 88 missionary enterprises, may have schools and a good deal of literature attached to
then. One of the important things is that, where they are active, they appeal to the
Illiterate and semiilliterate (Including, aa missions, the preachers as well as the
congregation) and can pile up a very Influentlal following In terms of gumbers. For
scope, and are in some places, a news source, the principal distributors of mass
medla materlals, an Important source of value interpretation, a central social insti-
cutton, 'an educational institution, and so on, some scattered studies need to be made
both in their home centers and churches and theit missions, in relation to attitudes
about space activities and extra-terrestrial 11fe. Additionally, because of Inter-
natlonal effects of space activities and, in the event of Its happening, of the dis-
covery of extra-terrestrial life, even though space activities are not international-
Ized, It is very important to take into account other major religions. So, for ex-
ample, Buddhist prlests are heavily politically engaged in Ceylon. Sở,at00, 1n Burma,
many politically active men (including UNu) are professedly active Buddhists. The
Burnese covoked the sixth great Buddhist Council which brought together a huge inter-
national group of Buddhiat lay and ecclesiaatical leaders and it seems Iikely that-
at least In the case of Theravada Buddhiam--with the wide participation of modern ed-
ucated, politically active men, Buddhist bellefs and principals are being reinterpre-
We need, and we do not have, good observations and interpretive statements
about the possible repercussions of space activitles, etc., thr these Buddhists."
(Correspondence with DI. Rhoda Matraux,
The observations are based on fleldwork with
Montserrat Anthropological Expedition, 1953-54; fleldwork in Haiti; an examination of
sectarian literature.)
If plant life or some subhuman intelligence were found
. on Mare or Venus, for example,
there is on the face of it no good reason tó suppose these discoveries, aiter the or-
Iginal novelty had been exploited to the fullest and worn off, would result in subst-
antial changes in perspective or philosophy in large parts of the American public, at
least any more than, let us say, did the discovery of the coelacanth, or the panda.
It wight be well that this sort of discovery would simply not be sufficiently salient
for most people most of the time to cause any noticeable shift in philosophy or per-
spective.
If superintelligence is discovered, the results become quite unpredictable.
It 1s possible if the intelligence of these creatures were sufficiently superior to
ours, they would choose to have little if any contact with us. On the face of it,
: there 18 no reason to believe that we might learn a great deal from them, especially
If their physiology and paychology were substantially different from ours.
It has been speculated that, of all groups, scieptists and engineers might be the
most devąstated by the discovery of relatively superior creatures, slace these pro-
fessions are the most clearly associated with the mastery of nature, rather than with "
the understanding and expresäion of man. Advanced understanding of nature wight vit-
Late all our theories at the very least, if not also require a culture agg perhaps a
brain Inaccessable to earth acientists..
Nature belongs to all creatures, but man's
aspirations, motives, history, attitudes, etc., are presumably the proper atudy of
man. It would also depend, of course, on how their intelligence was expressed; 1t
does not necessarily follow that they would excel technologically.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 520, "chars": 3602, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It is perhaps interesting to note that when asked what the consequences of the dis-
covery of superior life would be, an audience of the Saturday Review readership
i SE
chose, for the most part, not to answer the question at afl, in spite of their de-
tailed answers to many other speculative questions. Perhaps the idea is во foreign
that even this readerslip was bemused by It. But one can speculate, too, that the
Idea of Intellectnally superior creatures may be antiety-provoking.
Nor 1s it clear
what would be the reactions to creatures of approximately equal and communicable in-
telligence to ours.
What may present & particularly knotty philosophical problem, and one which would
seem most clearly to have the potentials of, profound repercussions for our values and
attitudes and philosophies, could arise if we found a creature whose intelligence and
•behavior, by our standards, was indeterminate to the point that we were unable to de-
cide whether or not 1t should be treated morally and ethically as If It were a "hu-
man being". Certainly this could provide a continuing subject of controversy acroas
and within varlous earth cultures; some people who had not otherwise speculated on
these matters night gain a sense of complexity of the universe. For a convincing
presentation of this idea, see Vercours, "You Shall Know Them"
• Pocket Books (1955).
On this general problem see Daniel C. Raible, "Rational Life in Outer Space?" America,
VoL. 103 (Aug 13, 1960), PP. 532-535; Wolfgang D. Miller, "Religion in Space", Man
Among the Stars,
Criterion Books, (1957), Pp• 221-240; and Oxnam Sees Space Conquest
in 175 Yeara", Washington Star, 4 January 1960.
35 Professor JIr1 Nehnevajsa and Albert S. Francis of Columbia University, In
April-June 1960, surveyed samples out of about 100 legialators and 100 university
students in both Brazil and Finland. These respondents were asked in Indicare which
of a series of circumstances they foresaw as changed by a series of developments, in-
luding sone' In space. (In what follows the fugures are given In the ffollowing order:
(I) Brazillan legislators and (2) students; (3) Finnish legialators and (4) students.)
The discovery of civilized allen Iife was foreseen as increasing the changes for
East-West reconciliation by 15, 11, 5, and 6 percent of the respondents, and as in-
creasing the chances of a third political force by 6, 6, 11, and 20 percent of the
respondents. Increased
for most of the remaining scattered responses, being 2, 5, 21, and 21 percent, and
restating catered red i
status quo and increased iikithood of disarmament accounted
5, 7, 6, and 5 percent.
The remaining types of situations facing the world were.
seen as essentially unaffected by this event.
36 A posslble but not conpletely satisfactory means for making the posalbtilty
"real" for many people would be to confront then with the present speculations, about
the I.Q. of the porpoise and to encourage them to e, at leat for Americans, to such
situation. Unfortunately the semantics of "'animal"
that even a human level I.Q. would not be as threatening as a "being" which wasn't
an earth animal.
37 Such studies would Include historical reactions to hoaxes, psychic manlfes-
tations, unidentified flying objects, etc. Hadley Cantrel's study "Invasion from
Mars" (Princeton University Press, 1940), would provide a useful If finited guide in
Fruitful understanding might be gained from & comparative study of
factors affecting the responses of primitive societies to exposure to technologically
advanced societies. Some thrived, some endured, and some died.
*
