{"created_utc": "2026-09-07T04:03:36Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 135256, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304034333016996, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116404-grudge-jason-society.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540558680000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116404-grudge-jason-society.pdf", "source_sha256": "d2b0a22a76719abf0dd525194deb29287415c5bb7ed415a4afc27ed467977149"}

f+ <                                                                          Page 1
       MJ-12 is a ULTRA TOP SECRET Research and Development, Intelligence
       Operation established by President Truman on September 24, 1947.
       MJ-12 was a "Committee" set up inside the NSC. In 1954, President
       Eisenhower signed the Secret Executive Order, "Order Number 54-12".
       (NSC=National Security Counsel)

       The NSC called this group the "54-12" committee which gave the
       President responsibility of approving all "Black" covert projects.
       This committee has undergone several changes over the years, and
       since then, has been called the "Special Committee"; the "303
       Committee" and currently the "40 Committee". It is described as
       the "Directorate" of the NSC. The "40 Committee" (PI-40) has access
       to advanced technology and teams to cover-up, "the cover-ups". In
       the past, this committee was headed by Dr. Henry Kissenger (code
       name: "The Overseer")

       OPERATION MAJORITY - CR-20M7/6.2 - FILE: MTR/K-25 MWC/JL -
       AFMWC/1972 USN

       Operation Majority is the name of the operation responsible for
       every aspect, project and all consequences of Alien presence on
       earth.

       MAJESTY was listed as the code name for the President of the
       United States for communications concerning this information.

       GRUDGE contains 16 volumes of documented information collected
       from the beginning of the United States investigation of the
       Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO's) and Identified Alien Crafts
       (IACs). The project was funded by the CIA, (confidential funds,
       non-appropriated) and money from the illicit drug trade. (It was
       rumored in the higher echelon's of the Air Force that participation
       in the illegal drug trade was justified in that it would identify
       and eliminate the weak elements of our society.)

       The purpose of GRUDGE was to collect all scientific, technological,
       medical and intelligence information from UFO & IAC sightings as
       well as contacts with Alien Life Forms. This orderly file of
       collected information has been used to advance the United States
       Air Force Space Program, (ULTRA TOP SECRET).

       JASON SOCIETY (Jason Scholars) Former President Eisenhower
       commissioned a secret society known as the Jason Society (or Jason
       Scholars) under the leadership of the following; Director of
       Central Intelligence, Allen Welsh Dulles, Dr Zbigniew Brzezinski,
       President of the Trilateral commission from 1973 until 1976, and
       Dr. Henry Kissenger, leader of the scientific effort, to sift
       through all the facts, evidence, technology, lies and deceptions and
       find the truth of the Alien question. The society was made up of
       thirty two (32) of the most prominent men in the USA.

       MJ-12 is the name of the secret control group inside the Jason
       Society. The top 12 members of the 32 members of the Jason Society
       were designated as MJ-12. MJ-12 has control of everything. They are
       designated by the code J-1, J-2, J-3, etc. all the way through the
       members of the Jason Society. The director of Central Intelligence
       was appointed J-1 and is the Director of the MJ-12 group. MJ-12 use
       to only be responsible to the President of the United States (not
       true anymore). The actual cost of funding the Alien connected
       projects is higher than anything you could imagine! Believe it or
       not, MJ-12 runs most of the worlds illegal drug trade. This was done
       to hide funding and thus keep the secret from congress and the
       people of the United States. It was justified in that it would
       identify and eliminate the weak and undesired elements of our
       society.
                                                                            Page 2
    A secret meeting place was constructed for the MJ-12 group in
d   Maryland and is only accessible by air. It contains full living,
    recreational, and other facilities for the MJ-12 group and the
    Jason Society. It is code named "The Country Club". The land for
    The Country Club was donated by the Rockerfeller family. Only those
    with ULTRA TOP SECRET - MAJI clearances are allowed to go there.

    MAJI - Majority Agency for Joint Intelligence. All information,
    disinformation, and intelligence is gathered and evaluated by
    this agency. This agency is responsible for all disinformation
    and operates in conjunction with the CIA, NSA, DIA, and the office
    of Naval Intelligence. This is a very powerful organization and
    all Alien projects are under its control. MAJI is responsible only
    to MJ-12. MAJIC is the security classification and clearance of all
    Alien connected material, projects, and information.

    MAJIC - means MAJI controlled (MAJI plus controlled   MAJIC)

    NOTE: MJ-1 is the classification for the director of MAJI, who is
    the director of the CIA and reports only to the President. Other
    members of MAJI are designnated MJ-2, MJ-3, etc. This is why there
    is some confusion about references of MJ-12, the group or MJ-12
    the person.

    *   Designation for MJ-12, the group are MAJI or MAJIC
    *   Designation in official documents about MJ-12 means the person
        only.

    In 1947, PROJECT SIGN was created to acquire as much information as
    possible about UFO's, their performance characteristics and their
    purposes. In order to preserve security, liason between Project Sign
    and MJ-12 was limited to two individuals within the intelligence
    division of the Air Material Command whose roll was to pass along
    certain types of information through channels. Project Sign evolved
    Project Grudge in December of 1948. Project Grudge had an overt
    civilian counterpart named PROJECT BLUE BOOK, with which we are all
    familiar. Only "Safe" reports were passed to Project Blue Book.

    MJ-12 was originally organized by General George C. Marshall in July
    1947 to study the Roswell-Magdalena UFO crash recovery and debris.
    Admiral Hillenkoetter, director of the CIA from May 1, 1947 until
    September 1950, decided to activate the "Robertson Panel," which was
    designed to monitor civilian UFO study groups that were appearing all
    over the country. He also joined NICAP in 1956 and was chosen as a
    member of its board of directors. It was from this position that he
    was able to act as the MJ-12 "Mole", along with his team of other
    covert experts. They were able to steer NICAP in any direction they
    wanted to go. With the "Flying Saucer Program" under complete
    control of MJ-12 and with the physical evidence hidden away, General
    Marshall felt more at ease with this very bizarre situation.   These
    men and their successors have most successfully kept most of the
    public fooled up to the present, including much of the western
    world, by setting up false experts and throwing their influence
    behind them to make their plan work, with considerable success until
    now.

    within 6 months of the Roswell crash on July 2, 1947 and the finding
    of another crashed UFO at San Augustine Flats near Magdelena, New
    Mexico on July 3, 1947, a great deal of reorganization of agencies
    and shuffling of people took place. The main thrust behind the
    origihal "Security Lid", and the very reason for its construction,
    was the analysis and attempted duplication of the technologies of
    the discs. The activity was headed up by the following groups.

    * The Research and Development Board   (R&DB)
                                                                              Page 3

    ,•~* Air Force Research and Development (AFRD)
¢      * The Office of Naval Research (ONR)
       * CIA Office of Scientific Intelligence (CIA-OSI)
       * NSA Office of Scientific Intelligence (NSA-OSI)

       No single one of these groups knew the whole story. Each group was
       to know only the parts that MJ-12 allowed them to know. MJ-12 also
       operates through the various civilian intelligence and investigative
       groups. The CIA and FBI are manipulated by MJ-12 to carry out their
       purposes. The NSA was created in the first place to protect the
       secret of the recovered flying discs, and eventually got complete
       control over all communication intelligence. This control allows
       the NSA to monitor any individual through mail, telephone, telexes,
       telegrams, and now through on-line computers, monitoring private and
       personal communications as they may desire.
