{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T18:39:40Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 22, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1819547, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116527-national-military-establishment-april-27-1949.pdf", "source_sha256": "463e8b9eab6500d2fc1e64800dea7e909b5a97addc1734082e09276209b99efd"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 168, "chars": 1201, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NATIONAL MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT
OFFICE OF PUBLIC INFORMATION
Washington 25, D. C.
MEMORANDUM TO THE PRESS
IMMEDIATE RELEASE
APRIL 27, 1949
NO. M 26 - 49
RE 6700 Ext. 3201
The following report is a digest of prelininary studies made by
tho Air Material Connand, Wright Fleld, Dayton, Ohio on "Flying
Saucers."
PROJECT "SAUCER"
On Tuesday, June 24, 1947, a Boise, Idaho businessman named
Kenneth Arnold looked from his private plane and spotted
sauer-like objects playing tag with the jagged peaks of Washington's Mt.
Ranier at what he described as a "fantastic speed."
Arnold's report set off a veritable celestial chain reaction. And
within a lew days, the fabulous "flying saucers" had spun into the
notional spotlight.
caps, " flying "dimes, " flying "tear drops,
"ice
cream cones," and flying "pie plates.
But to military intelligence this sky potpourri came under a
single heading -- that
ot "Unidentified Aerial Phenomena." Exhaustive
investigations of each reported sighting were launched. And Project
"Saucer" was born.
Now, almost two years later,
Project "Saucer" is neither gone
nor forgotten so far as the U. S. Air Force's Air Material Command at
Wright Fleld, Dayton, Ohio, is concerned.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2403, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tapes Acation che Endergrotation 0 ta 201040 30 millent 0 - 95102
the collection,
objects, has looked into more than 240 domestic and 30 foreign in-
cidents.
With assistance from several other government and privato
agencies, and with the entire facilities of the Wright Field laboratories
at their disposal, Project
"Saucer" personnel have already cone up
with identification of about 30 percent of the sightings studied
thus far
as conventional aerial objects.
It is expected that further probing oi
Incidents in relation to weather talloon locations, etc., will provide
commonplace answers to at least an ecual number of
the sky ridales.
Answers have been -- and will be -- drawn from factors such as
guided missle research activity, weather and other atmospheric sounding
balloons,
astrononical phenomena, conmercial and military aircraft
flights, flights of migratory birds, shoes from flare guns nallucination,
jokers, victims of optical illusion, the phenomena of mass
But to date there are still question marks in the "Saucer Story."
Of course, the possibility that some of the incidents reported to
AMC intelligence may represent technical developments far in advance of
knowledge available to American engineers and scientists has been widely
considered. But observations based on experience with nuclear power
plant research in this country label as "highly improbable" the
existence on Earth of engines small enough in size and weight to have
powered any of the capricious "saucers". The othor obvious possibility
-- visitations irom mars, Venus, or distant planets attached to other
star systems - is also looked upon as an almost complete impossibility.
In short, while Project "Saucer" ovaluation teams report that no
"definite and conclusive evidence is yet available to either prove or
disprove the existence of at least some of the remaining unidentified
objects as real aircraft of unknown and unconventional configuration,"
exhaustive investigations have turned up no alarming probabilities.
The question marks in Project "Saucer" are not dangerous ones.
Nor are reports of unidentified flying objects peculiar to the
present day. In "The Books of Charles Fort" by Tiffany Thayer,
published in 1941 by Henry Holte and Company,
New York, similar phen-
omena are described
as having been sighted at various times throughout
past centuries.
But this is the Saucer Story of 1947-49.
-2-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2244, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
: :
WHO SAW THE SAUCERS
Although occasional sightings oi strange aerial objects were Ie-
ported as far back as January of 1947, it was the ir. Ranier incident
that touched off the saucer sensation
late the following June.
Kenneth Arnold, representative of & fire control equipment firm
in Bolse, Idano, was en route from cnenaris, washington to lakima,
lashington, on June 24, in a privately-owned plane when he saw the
• refloction of a bright
Ilash on nis wing. Arnold saia he lookeu arouno
and observed a chain of nine peculiar aircrait approaching lu. raniel.
"I could see their outline quite plainly against the snow as they
approached the mountain," he reported.
"They flew very close to the
mountain tops, directly south to southeast down the bog's back of the
Tanked together."
flying like geese in a diagonal chain-l1ke line, as It they were
Arnold observed that the objects geemed smaller than a DO-4
on his left, but he judged thoir wing span to be as wide as the further-
est ongines
on either side of the DO-4's fuselage.
"They were approximately 20 or 25 miles away, and I couldn't
see a tall on them," he declared. "I watched for about three minutes...
a chain oi saucer-like things at least live miles long, swerving in and
out of the high mountain peaks. They were flat like a pie pan and so
shiny they reflected the sun like a mirror."
"I never sa anything so fast," he told investigators.
Arnold said he clocked the "Saucers" speed at about 1,200 miles
an hour. Later, howavei, Aero-Medical Laboratory men stated that an
object travelling that fast would not have been visible to the naked
ege.
Arnold's story, when it broke in the newspapers, was treated
mainly with amusement and disbelief.
Resentful of what he termed "press ridicule," Arnold retorted
"They can call me Einstein, Flash Gordon or just & screwball, but I
am absolutely certain of what I'saw." He added that if he ever again
sqy a phenomena in the sky..." "even if it were a 10 story building
Ilying through the air",..he would not say a word about it.
loday, no one knows just what Arnolddia see on lit. Ranier.
But the objects have been judged to be oi non-astronomical origin accord-
Ing to an interim report submitted recently on Project "Saucer" by
-3-

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 333, "chars": 2192, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Professor Joseph A. Hynek, Ohio State University astis-physicist and
head of the 0.S.U. Observatory. Dr. Hynek is vorking under contract with
AMO on an independent investigation of "Saucer" incidents to determine
what percentage may definitely be attributed to astronomical phenomena.
In his review of the Arnola incident, however, DI. Hynek bas
come up with what he terms "certain inconsistancies in Arnold's esti-
mates of size, speed and performance of his "saucers".
"It appears probable," Hynek reports, "that whaterer objects were
observed were travelling at sub-sonic speeds and may therefore have
been some sort of known aircraft."
In the days that followed Arnold's observation, the dise reports
• began to snowball. At Muroo, California, a group Di AlI forCe DilICBIS
reported spotting spherical objects of a disc-like shape whirling through
the sky at a speed in excess of 300 MPH.
In Portlana, oregon, several policemen tola investigators they
saw a group of disco that "wobbled, disappeared and reappearad" several
times. They were described as resembling "shing chromium hut caps."
These objects were not of astronomical origin, according to Dr.
Hynek's report.
Regarding the Portland Incident, he stated "There is nothing what-
ever in this incident to suggest that the objects observed were of
astronomical origin. Ihe maneuvers of the objects and the relatively
long time they were in sight definitely preclude their being astronomical."
Only a lew days after Arnold's sighting, a disc was reported seen
over his hometown of Boise -- "a half-circle in shape, clinging to a
cloud and just as
bright and silvery looking as a mirror caught in the
rays of the sun."
a 0-54" silhouetted against the brilliant evening sky. In order to avoid
collision they said they pulled up to 1,200 feet and watched the object
cross their path at right angles.
The two pilots told of swinging in behind the object and following
It at 170WPH until it outdistanced them and disappeared from sight
about four minutes later. They described it as "resembling a C-54 with-
out motors
wings or visible means of propulgion...smoota surfaced and
streamlined. " No balloons were reported in the area.
-4-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 335, "chars": 2056, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
À Iow days later, at Ft. Richardson, Alaska, two officers told of
sighting a spherical object about 10 leet In diameter flying throuch the
a1$ at tremendous speed, leaving no vapor trail.
'Another incident still in "Saucer's" Unidentified File took place
5,000 feet above sea level in the Cascade Mountains. Fred it. Johnson, a
Portland prospector, told authorities he noticed a strange reflection in
the sky and, looking up, spotted five of six dises about 30 feet in
diamoter. Johnson said he grabbed his telescope and watched the discs
approrimately 50 seconds while they banked in the sun. He desuribed them
as being round with tails, making no noise and not flying formation.
Johnson said that while tha discs were in sight the hand on his
compass-watch weaved wildly from side to side.
Oklahoma City man reported as "seeming to be the bulk of 3ix B-29'3."
The observer, who holds a private pilot's license, spotted th object
riom the groundo ne said at fiist It looked like a big white plane, but
noving closer became perfectly round and ilat with no protrusions. He
beard no souna and reported the gpeed as "probably three times that of
a jet."
FATAL SAUCER SHARCH
Tragedy struck at the flying saucer story early in 1943. On
January 7, an unidentitied object that looked like "an Ice
topped with red" was sishted over Gouner Air Borce 3asg, It. EnD Lower
Here see miley and driller observors. The Goamer
• ilight of four National Guard I-5l's in the vicinity to
Investigate the phenomena.
•Ihree of the planes closed in on the object, and reported it to be
metalie and of "tremendous size." One pilot described it as "round like
a tear drop, and at tines almost fluld."
бро в 2 40242050
Ine Ilignü leader, capt. Inomas f. Mantell, contacted the Godzan
tower with an initial report that the object was travelling at half nis
"I'm closing in now to take a good l00k," he radioed. "It's
directly ahead of me and still moving at about half my speed...the
thing looks metallic and of tremendous size."
MPH
doss, 11 abandon chase a Boins up to 30,000
-5=

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1855, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
..
•
•
The time was 1515 hours.
That was the last radio contact made by Mantell with the Godman
tower.
Iater that day his body was found in the wreckage of his plane
near Ft. Knox.
Five minutes after Mantell disappeared from his formation, the
two remaining planes returned to Goanan. A few minutes later, one
resumed the search - covering territory 100 miles to the south as high
as 33,000 leet - but found nothing.
Subsequent investigation revealed that Mantall had probably blacked
out at 20,000 feet from lack of oxygen and had died of suffocation be-
fore the crash.
The mysterious object which the flyer chased to his death was
first identified as the Planet Venus. However, further probing
showed the elevation and azimuth readings of
Venus and the object at
specified time intervals did not coincide.
It is still considered "Unidentified."
On the same day, about two hours later, a sky phenomena was
Ohio. It was described
from the Lockbourne observation torer for more than 20 minutes. Obser-
vers said it glowed from white to amber, leaving an amber exhaust trai
five times its oun lengüh. It motioned like an elevator and at one time
appeared to touch the ground. No sound was heard. Finally, the object
faded and lowered toward the
horizon.
FOREIGN SIGHTINGS
While the vast majority of saucers reported to Air Force intell-
¿gence have been seen over the continental United States, they have also
appeared around the globe. Sightings have been reported,
for example,
over Newfoundland, Alaska, Asuncion, Paraguay; Gadtjerg,
Dennark; Lake
Dorian lat the Yugoslav-Greek frontier), Sweden, Norway, Denmark,
Hollenù, Turkey, Hawait, etc.
In April of 1948, Ist It. Röbert li. Meyers of the 67th Fighter
Wing, 18th Fighter GIouD,
Philippine Islands, was leading a flight of
Iour F-47!s when he sighted an unidentified aerial object
about three
-6 -

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 361, "chars": 2268, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'.
miles away. As meyers wheeled his fighter around, the object made a
simultaneous 90º turn left and disappeared in about five seconds. No
exhaust trails were observed. Meyers said the object appeared to te a
Ilying ving type oí aircrait,
siiver in colo and resenbling a halt
moon with what seemed to be a doral fin barely perceptible
*****
д May 8, 1949, citizens of Mdaleport, onio, reported sighting
several disc-shaped objects travelling across
the sky at tro minute
intervals. One observer said they resembled "a large clock face
covered with radium and sailing through the aíi."
SPACE SHIP
Perhaps the fantastic saucer sighting in Technical Intelligence
records was the widely-publicized "space ship" which two Sastern Air
Lines pilot reported encountering in the skies around montgonery,
widely-puntering in the
labana, last July, lergunably the same object was seen by grouc
observers at Robbins Air Force Base, Macon, Georgia, about an hour before.
All reports agreed it was going in a
southerly direction, trailing
vari-colored flames and that it behaved like a normal aircraft insofar
as fisappearing from the line of sight was concerned.
The EAl pilots, Capt. C.S. Chiles and John 3. Whitte described
bout trace a 1 Meter 05 1-29 with 00 poet on, cura she"
100 feet long, cigar shaped and
"Ye saw it at the same time and asked each other, "What in the
worta 1s this?" Chiles told investigators. "Whatever it was, it
Flashed down toward us and veereà to the lait. It veerad to its
eit ana passea us about you teau to our light ana above us. inen, as
ip the dilot had seen us and vanted to avoid us, it pulled up with a
tremendous burst of flame Irom the rear and zoomed into the clouds,
its prop wash or jet wash rocking our DC-3."
The flame-shooting mystery craft, as described by the EAl pilots,
bad no fins, but appeared to have a snout
similar to a radar pole in
• front, and gave the impression of a cabin with windows above.
Captain Chiles declared the catin "appeared like a pilot compart-
ment, except brighter." He said the illumination inside the body
itselt approximated the brillance oi a magnesiun ilare.
"We saw no occupants," he told Investogators. "From the side of
the craft, came an Intense,
fairly dark blue glow that ran the entire
- 7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2046, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
length of the fuselage. ..like a blue Ilourescent factory light. Ihe
exhaust was a red-orange flame, with a lighter color predoninant around
the outer edges."
The pilots said the flame extended 30 to 50 feot behind the object
and became deeper in intensity as the craft pulled up into a cloua. Its
speed was said to be about 1/3 faster than comnon jets.
In their Investigation of the incident, Project "Saucer" personnel
creened 225 civilian and military ilight schedules and founa that the
only other aircraft in the vicinity at the time was an Air Force C-47.
Application of the Prandtl theory of lift to the incident indicated
that a fuselage of the dimensions reported by Chiles and Whitte could
support a load comparable to the weight of an aircraft of this size
at flying speeds in the sub-sonic range.
The object is still considered "Unidentified."
*****
Another fantastic saucer tale cana "out of the mouths di babes"
in Hamel, Winn. Iwo children playing in their back yard one altornoon
last August reported seeing a strange object about 12 feet off the
ground descending between them.
"It hit the ground, spun around once, made a whistling coise and
then shot straight up into
the sky about 20 feet, stopped again ano
made more whistling noises," the children reported.
They told their parents the object then shot up about 10 feet
tree branches and telephone wires, and suddenly
off to the northwest. They said the disc was about two leat in
diamotor and of a dull gray coloi, Soll analysis of a roosssion in the
earth where the children claimed the disc and had landed proveå negative.
*****
A unique chapter in the saucer story was written last October bJ
It. George F. Gorman of the North Dakota National Guard who said he
had a 27-minute dogfight with a flying saucer in the skies over Fargo.
Gorman, managar of a Fargo construction company, told tris story
• to projeut investigators:
= -
On the night of October
1, 1948, he was proparing to land at the
Fargo airport after a routino F-51 patrol Ilight. Cleared by the tower
= 8=

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2284, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
...
to lana, Gorman noticed what appeared to be the tail light of another
plane about 1, 000 yards away. He
queried the tower anå was told that
the only other aircraft over
the Ilold was a Piper Cub which he could
see outlined plainly below him.
He saw no outline of anything around
the moving 1ight.
Gorman closed in to take
look at the mystery light.
"It was about six to eight inches in diameter, clear white and
completely
• round with a sort of fuzz at the edges,"
he said. "It
blinking on and off. As I approached, however, the light suddenly
became steady and pulled into a sharp left bank. I thought it was
making a pass at the tower.
"I dived after it and brought my manifold pressure up to 60 inches
but I couldn't catch up with the thing. It started gaining altitude
and again made a left bank," Gorman told investigators.
" I put my F-51 into a sharp turn and tried to cut the light off
In 1ts turn. By then we were at about 1,000 Teet. Suddenly It made
a shaip right turn and we headed
straight at each other. Just when
we were about to collide I guess! I got scared.
"I went into a dive and the light passed over my canopy at about
500 chas asa 1*
It made a left circle about 1,000 feet stove, and I
Gorman said he cut sharply towară the light which was once more
coming at him. When collision again saemed imminent, the object shot
straight Into the air. Gorman climbed after it to 14,000 feet when his
plane went into a power stall, lne objeci turned in a nortawest nortn
heading and disappeared.
During the "dogfight" Gorman said he noticed no deviation on his
instruments, no sounds, odors or exhaust trails from the object,
Its speed, he said was excessive. At times during the chese,
his F-51 was under full power with speed
varying from 300 to 400 WEF.
In all, the light was observed more than 27 minutes. Gorman described
It as having depth although it appeared flat.
The mystery light was also seen by I.D. Jensen, Airport Trafflo
Controllel at Fargo, who watched it with a pair of binoculars. le said
he was unable to distinguished any shape or form other bhan what appeared
to be the tail light of a very fast-moving crait.
In a certified statement Gorman, who was a pilot Instructor loI
french military students during lorld lar II, said he was convinced
9-

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 323, "chars": 2099, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
" Time.
There was "thought" behind the maneuvers. He declared, "I am also
convinced that the object was governed by the laws of
inertia because
Its acceleration wes rapid but not immediate and although It was able
to turn fairly tight at considerable speed, it still followed a natural
curve.
The object could out-turn and outspeed the F-51 and was able to
attain a much
steeper climb and to maintain a constant rate of climb
far in excess of the Air Force Fighter.
"When I attempted to turn with the object I blacked out temporarily
que to excessive speed," Gorman stated. "I am in fairly good physical
condition and I do not believo there are many if any pilots who could
wiinst and
the tuin and speed
effected by the light and remain
conscious."
question,
known aeronautical configuration to appear to travel at variable
speeds and naneuver intelligentiy?"
*****
The saucer sightings have spread over into 1949. On New Years
Day of this year, 'I. and urs. Tom Rush of Jackson, mississippi, were
coming in for a landing at Dixie airport, Jackson, 1n a stinson
civilian plane when they sighted an unidentified aerial object they
first describad as teing cigar-shaped with short, stubby wings end
resembling a rocket. The Rushes later changed their description to a
"wingless aircrait." They said it was about 60 feet long and 10 leot
in diameter, with
one end tapered to a four foot trailing edge. It
crossed 500
Iceù in front of then, they reportea, turnea to cne south-
from a speed of
vestent. nosh is forner USAT pilot and botl he and his vito bold
about 200 Pr to 500 MPR and ¿Lew out
private pilots licenses.
ASTRONOMIOAL ORIGINS
Preliminary study of more than 240 domestic and 30 foreign
incidents by Astro-Physicist Hynek indicates that an over-all total of
about 30 percent can probably satisfactorily te explained away as
astronomical phenomena.
ror example, on recruary 18
terrified residents over a wide section of Kansas, Nebrasha and orlanona.
Fantastic tales were associated with the phenomena. A Stockton,
Kansas, farmer reported
that shortly before the explosion
• be saw a
* 10 ~

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2291, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• "
strange "saucer" hovering over his home. He said when he came within
about six feet of the object it stopped
In the air almost level with his
face and "wobbled around for an instant with fire belching out and then
being sucked back in."
The farmer described the object as about four feet long and shaped
"something like a funnel."
Suddenly sparks showered from it, and the fire increased as if a
fuse had been lighted, he declared.
"It took off in a northwest direction very fast, gaining altitula
as it went," he told investigators.
"ky wife came out and watched it
Ily oil leaving a trail of smoke suddenly a great cloud oí smoke
appeared in the sky and
Îsu seconas iater we hearâ a terrible ex-
plosion. I coula feel the
• heat from where the object had come near
the grouna. "
Scores of residents over the country side reported seeing flashes
of light and hearing the explosion. The objoct left a smudge of
bluish-white smoke extending across
a wide segment of the sky.
Although the phenotena was imrediately thought to te a ireball,
some mystery and "saucer tall" surrounded it until definite proof
was discovered emcedded about two feet in the soil. It was an
"achondrite," -- technical name lor an unusual type of stony meteorite.
On the same day that Kenneth Arnold saw his lit. Render saucers,
It. Gor. Donald S. Whitehead of Idaho said he spotted a comet-shaped
poject ganging motionless in the westorn laano sky, which seemed
alter a time, to disappear below the horizon with the rotation of the
earth.
In his recent report, Di. Hynek said It seemed I1kely It.
Governor Whitehead observed either the planet Saturn or Mercury. A
bright planet shining through thin cirrus clouds could give the
Impression of a comet-like object, he stated.
On July 20, 1947, observers off the Newfoundland coast reported
seeing a series of
object
from which they came was nou visible. Dr. Hynek states
shoy babe as not
silver to reddish flashes in the sky, altroush the
, in his
report these flashes were probably nothing more than a fireball.
Early In the saucer sensation -- mid July of 1947 -- capture of a
"flying disc" excited residents of Jackson, Ohio. Later, however, tne
"saucer" was identified as a U.S: Army Signal Corps Radisonde Trans-
mitter used for gathering weather data.
-11 -

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 431, "chars": 2690, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BALLOONS
Various weather and research balloons have been found at the
source of a great number of saucer incidents.
One of the most startling occured last November at Camp Springs,
Maryland. From a plane, an object illuminated by a continuous glowing
white light was observed flying on a 360° pattern west to east over
Andrews Air Force Base. As the pilot made a pass to check on the
object he said it took definite evasive action. He switched his wing
and tail navigation lights off, but as he again tried to close in,
the
"saucer" flew up and over his plane. lie reported the mystery craft's
speed as seeming to alternate from 80:PH to five or six hundred IPH.
The pilot said it appeared like an oblong ball with one light and no
Wings or exhaust flames visible. Smaller than a I-6 aircraft, this
"saucer" was reported to be highly raneuverable and capable of near-
verticle flight.
The mystery was cleared up when the object was identified positivel;
as a cluster of cosmic ray research balloons.
The first photograph of a "flying saucer" was believed to have
been made on July 5, 1947, by Frank Rymen
Seattle Coast Guard yeoman.
The results (photographed
fron the ground| showed a tiny light spot
about the size of a pinhead against the dark background of an evening
sky. However, the object is now telieved to have been a synoptio
weather balloon.
On April 8,1945 several witnesses reported
geeing an object
variously described as
"an oblong silver streak" "a large cylindrical body
resenbling an opalescent mother of pearl stick" "a vaporous cylinder"
and
"a white sphere,"
was seen by several ground
observers over Ashley and
Deleware, Ohio. At Delaware, the airport and
the Perkins Observatory were
alerted, but both were unable to sight the object. later, it was deter-
mined that weather balloons were in the area at the time
of the sightings.
Weather balloons also appeared to be the answer to a "long
cylindrical object" sighted in the skies between Everett and Bedford,
dass., by the pilot and
navigator of a Pan American Airlines plane.
They
descrited it as being about the lengtn ot a P-40 fuselage and
blunt at both ends.
Auother strange "silver disc" sighted by an Air Force It. Col.
over Tyndall Air Force Base, Montgomery, Ala. later was definitely
identified as a weather balloon. Balloons were also blamed for a
flurry
OI "disc" sightings which occured in and around Indianapolis late last
July.
Columbus, Ohio residents had their eyes on the skies early
last August when
several citizens reported seeing a round flying ob-
ject, 20 to 30 feet in diameter, with a constant gray-black perimeter
and transparent center. The object seemed to move at a slow, steady
- 12 -

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 331, "chars": 2050, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"i="
:
pace over the city, making no noise and occasionally issuing a thin
trail of
smoke. This was later positively identified as a carnival
balloon.
of objects a lied the a laborat sale ged cada to dise analysis
The "flaming wheel" which fell on Ballefontaine, O., Last December
. and stirred up the populace to a new saucer scare lost its mystery
origin in Wright Field Labs. Remains of the "Wheel" underwent
ground.
HOAXES
The nation's practical jokers and publicity seekers also have
played a role in project "Saucer."
One of the biggest tempests was stirred up by two Tacoma, wach.,
men, Fred Chrisman and Harold A. Dahl. In July, 1947, a few days siter
Kenneth Arnold's It. Ranier saucers hit the headlines, Dahl reported
sighting six discs from a boat in which he was patrolling off Naury
Island, Washington.
Dahl said one of the alses fluttered to earth and disintegrated,
showering his boat with fragments which caused some damage and killed
his pot dog. fie and Chriamen then attempted to sell the story to a
Chicago adventure magazine which in turn contacted Kenneth Arnold in
Boise and asked bim to check its authenticity.•
Arnola went to lacona witn capt. Emil do smith, Unitea Alluines
pilot, who had also received "gaucer" publicity when he reported seeing
dises on the Fourth of July while on a routine flight over Boise.
From Tacoma, Arnold summoned two officers of drmy 1-2 Intelligence
to aid in the investigation of Dahl and Chrisman's claim. Thus began
a story of secret hotel meetings and mysteriaus anonymous telephone
calls which ended in death for two of the participants and exposed the
Tacoma diso story as a hoax.
At a meeting in the winthrop Hotel, Dahl produced some fragments
which he alleged came from the disc which damaged his boat. He
related his entire story of the incident to Arnola, Smith and the two
Army intelligence men. The nert day the two officers left to return
to Hamilton Fiela, Calil., to participate in an Air Force Day program,
taking some of the fragments with them for technical analysis.
- 13 -

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 390, "chars": 2387, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•But tragedy struck en route. The plane crashed, killing both
officers although the crew chief and a hitch hiker --
the other two
passengers -- parachuted to safety.
Shortly alter the crash, newspapers and wire services In Tacoma
tegan receiving a series of anonymous telephone calls informing them
that the fallen 3-25 had teen carrying "flying disc" fragments and that
the plane had been shot down from the air with a 20mm cannon by
. sabateurs. While one Tacoma paper hinted that the plane had been
sabotaged
because the disc fragments it carried, a thorough investi-
gation of the crash revealed no indication of foul play. lue crash
was caused by a burned exhaust stack which in turn caught the leit
wing afire. The tlazing wing broke from the fuselage and tore off the
plane's tail.)
The mysterious caller added that a U.S. Marine Corps plane foună
a few weeks before on it.
Ranier had also teen shot down by the un-
identified "saucer saboteurs."
on the day of the crash, Chrisman and Dahl took Cantain Smith to
view the boat which allegediy had. been damaged by the falling disc.
"I saw what may have been ropairs to the windshield and 1igtts,
but I was not personally satisfied that they were made as a result of
the clainied incident," Smith told investigators.
Later under questioning, Chriscan and Dahl broke and admitted
that the fragments they had produced were really wusual rock formations
Îcund on laury Island and had no connection with the "flying discs".
They admitted telling the Chicago magazine that the fragments
"could have teen remnants
• of the discs" in order to increase tho sale
value of their story.
During the investigation, Dahl's wile consistently urged him to
admit that the entire affair was a hoax, and it is carried as such In
Project "Saucer" files.
July of 1947 was a banner month for the practical jokers. A
seattle, "ash.,
woman excitedly reported to police that & ilaming
flying dise had landed on her roof. The object, wnich was quIcKLy.
was turned over to the federal agents and examined by
Navy ColE and electronics axperts. It consisted of a 26 lach circular
piece of plyvood cupped up on two sides and held in position ty a vire
stretched across the center. The letters "USSR" and
"EYR" and a
hammer and sickle were painted on the diso in white. Iwo radio tubes
and a quait cylindrical shaped oil can were mounted on pieses of bake-
-14 =

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2250, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
пілонани
lite inside the object and a cloth saturated with a turpentine-like
substance and charred from burning was attached to it. Final con-
census was that the diso coulå not fly and was undoubtedly the work
of practical jokers.
The population of Shreveport, La,, had its share of disc excite-
ment when a rêsident reported seeing a "saucer" whirl through the air,
shooting smoke and fire, and come to rest on a downtown thoroughfaie..
revealed that the "saucer" was the
downtown office building as a joke on his boss. This "Saucer"
employed
a starter from a fluorescent light and two electric fan condensers.
A flying dise became big business in Black River Falls, wisc.,
where the finder charged 50 cents admission for a look at the "saucer"
until local police stepped in and shut it up in a bank vault. The
contrivance, wnich was lasioned from Diywood
and cardboard was
supposedly seen in Ilight near Black River Falls shortly before an
electrician said he found it lying in deep grass on the town fair-
grounds. After analysis at Mitchell Fiela, the following repoit was
made:
"This contrivance is patently a noax..It wii be nela io a
reasonable length of time and then disposed of in the nearest ash
receptaclo."
Other renains of "grounded discs" were also determined to be
hoaxes. Usually they were crudely contrived practical jokes. Analysis
of tho
pieces of one "flying saucer" which crashed to the ground in a
farmor's field at Danforth, Illo, ard burned the weeds in the area to
a fine ash, revealed plaster of paris fragnents, part of an outroded
magnetic speaker dlaphraga, bakelite coll forms wrapped in enaneled
manufactured in Nor Jork City, and the vestitos of a metallio
a metallic box, the remains oi an electronic condenser
magnetic ring.
Of such things are some of the saucers made.
*****
Letters voicing opinions on the origin of the saucers and advice
on how to deal with them have teemed into Project "Saucer" beadquarters.
A Los Angeles man sent a wire to the Gomnanding General, USAF,
advising that we
ads it it or and ot sun, dises, steet and wash
From an Oregon woman who reported seeing a series of saucers
Iorm up and spell out "PEPSI" came a suggestion that some
foreign
power was practicing code in our skies.
=15 =

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2552, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Another letter writer suggested that the saucer scare was in
reality a "world-vide mapping survey expedition" being made by a
world government of the
empire of oppressed and subjugated people
of the earth" and led by "The Ancient Three' -- Who Were, Who Ara
and Who Will
Be."
HOW INCIDENTS ARK INVESTIGATED
But the hoaxes and the crank, latters in reality play a small
part in Project "Saucer".
Actually, It is a serious scientific business of constant
analysis and evaluation which thus far has yielded
evidence pointing to the conclusion that nuch of the saucer scare is
no scare at all, but can be attributed to astronomical phenomena,
to conventional aerial objects, to hallucinations and to mass
psychology•
But the mere existence of some yet unidentified flying objects
necessitates a constant vigilance on the pari of Project "Saucer"
personnel, and on the part of the civilian population. Investigation
of the phenomena is greatly stepped-un when observers report incidents
as soon as possible to the nearest military installation or to Head-
quarters, Mic, firect.
When an incident comes to the attention of Project "Saucer"
personnel it is first
the vicinity of the sighting - usually a nearby Air Force base, the
"BI,, or the local police. In some cases, personnel from AMC's
Technical Intelligenco Division fly to the scene themselves lor oД~
the-spot interrogation.
A standard questionnaire is filled out by the observer under tho
guidance of interrogators and any supplenontary infornation available is
gleaned by investigators. Standard questions are stated simply and
slanted so that they may
be answered with reasonable accuracy by the most
Inexperienced obsarvers. In each case, time, location, size and shape of
object, approzinate altitude, speed, mansuvers, color, length of tire In
sight,
sound, ste., are carefully noted, Inis information is gent in 16s
entirety, together
with any fragrents, 3o11 specimens, photographs, draw-
ings, eto., pertinent to the incident
to Headquaiters, ANC. Here, high-
Iy trained
evaluation teams take over. The infoiration is broken
down and
tiled ou summary sheets, plotted on maps and graphs and integrated with
the rest of the Project
material, thus giving an easily comprehended over-
a11 picture of Project "Saucer."
inen, duplicate copies of the data on each incident are sent to
other investigating agencies including technical labs within AMC.
These reports are studiod in
relation to many factors such as guided
missle research activity, weather and many other atmospharle sounding
=16 =

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2457, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
balloon launchings, comercial and military aircraft flights, flights
of migrtory birds and a myriad of other considerations which might
furnish explanations. Based on the possibility that the objects
could be unidentified and unconventional types of aircraft,
toohnical analysis is made of some of the reports to determine
aerodynamic, propulsion and control features which would be required
Ior the objects in question to perform as described in the reports.
ing discs,
visible in flight, spherical or balloon-shaped objects and balls
Lignt Ine first three groups aro capable oi flight by aerodynamic
or aerostatic means and can be properled and controlled by metnods
known to seronautical designers. 1s for the lights, their actions ..
unless they were suspended from a higher object or were the product
of hallucination -- renain thus far unexplained.
Eventually, reporis from assisting laboratories and agencies
are sent back to Projoct "Saucer" boadquarters, often marking incidents
closed. The project, hoverer, Is a young one -- much of investiga-
tion is still underway.
Currently, a psychological analysis is being made by Ald's Aero-
Medical laboratory to determine what percentage of the incidents are
probably based on errors of the human mină and senses. Available
preliminary reports now indicate that a great number of sightings
can
be explained away as ordinary occurances which have been misrepresented
as a result ol these human GrroI3.
In this respect, the common dizziness known to medical science
as "vertigo" is considered an impoitant factor, Vertigo, which can be
easily caused by the maneuvers and sudden accelerations
of alrerait,
makes objects appear to move in various directions although they
actually are stationary. It is the opinion of aero medical men that
at least some of the incidents of last and highly maneuverable lights
reported by pilots were actually due to vertigo or optical illusion.
*****
Much of the work of "Saucer" personnel involves precise graphing,
charting ana pin pointing oi incidents, A frequency grapn compiled
recently shows that saucer sightings began in this country on a small
scale in January of 1947, and reached their peak in July of that year,
shortly attor the Mt. Ranier incident. They then fell off sharply
but reoccurred in relative frequency In
January, July and Novenber of 1948. Reports coming to AMO now indicate
a current lon level of sighting -- about 12 a month at present.
- 17 -

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 403, "chars": 2555, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
**
*
*
*
FROM ANOTHER PLANET
since flying saucers first hit the headlines alrost two years
ago there has been wide speculation that the aerial phenomena might
actually be some forn of penetration of the earth from another planet.
Kenneth
Arnold was pointed to for months as "the man who saw the
en from Mars."
Actually, astronomers are largely in agreement that only one
membor oi the solar system besides Earúh is capable of supporting life.
That is Nars. Even Mars, however
appears to be relatively desolate
and inhospitable, so that a Martian lace would be more occupied with
survival than we are on Faith.
On wars, there exists an excessively slow lo99 of atmosphere,
oxygen and water against which intelligent
beings, it they do
exist there, may hava protected themselres by sclentipio control of
physical conditions. This might have been done, scientists speculato,
by the construction of homes and cities underground whore the atmospher-
le pressure would be greater and thus temperature extremes reduced.
The other possibilities exist, of course that evolution may have
developed a being who can withstand the rigors oi the Martian climate,
or that the race -- If It ever did exist -- has perished.
In other words, the existenco of intelligent life on Mars, where
the rare atmosphere is nearly devoid of oxygen and vater and where the
nights are much colder than our Arctic winters, is not impossible but
Is completely unproven.
The possibility of intelligent lile also existing on the Planet
Venus is not considered completely unreasonable by astronomers. Ite
atmosphere of Venus apparently consists mostly of carbon dloxide with
deep clouds of formaldehyde dropleis, and there seems to be little oI
no water. Yet, scientists concede that living organisus might develop
in chenical environments whion are stronge to us. Venus bowere deFER
two handicaps. Her mass and giavity are nearly as large as
(Mars is smaller) and her cloudy atmosphere would discourage astronomy,
hence space travel.
tiapoits of strange objects seen in the skies have been handed
down through the generations. However, scientists believe that 1l
martians were now visiting barth without establishing contaco It
could be assumed that they have just recently succeeded in space
travel anå that their civilization would be practically abreast of
ours. This because they find it hard to believe that any technically
established race would come here, flaunt its ability in mysterious
nays over the years, but each time simply go away without ever
establishing contact.
~ 18 =

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 380, "chars": 2331, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Astronomers, however, feel it particularly unlikely that &
Martian civilization woula be within a hall century of our own state
of advancement. Yet, In the last 50 years we have just. begun to use
alicraft and in the next 50 we will almost certainly start exploring
space. Thus, it appears that space travel fron another point within
the Solar System is possible but very unlikely, Reports In Project
"Saucer" files call the odds against it "at least a thousand to ona."
OTHER STAR SYSTEIS
Outside the solar system other stars - 22 in number -- besides
the sun have satellite planets. The sun has
nine. One of these,
Barth, 1s Ideal for
existence of intelligent life. On two others
there
is a possibility of life. Therelore, astronomers believe
reasonable the thesis that there could be at least one ideally habitable
he the
, planet for each of the 22 other eligible stars.
In this line of reasoning the theory 1s also employed, oI
necessity, that man represents the average in advancement and
. develop-
ment. Therefora, one half the habitable planets would be
• In this line
reasoning the theory is also employed, OI
necegsity, that man represents the average in advancement and develop-
ment. Therefore, one hall the other habitable planets would be
behind man in development and the other hali ahead. It is also
assumed that any visiting race could be expected to be far in advance
of man. Thus, the chance of space travolers existing at planets
attached to neighboring stars is very much greater than the chance of
space-traveling Fartians. The one can be viewed as almost a certainty
(if you accept the thesis that the number of inbatited planets is
equal to those that are suitable for life and that intelligent life
is not pecullar to eartho) Whereas the possibility of space visitors
from lars is very slight
indeed.
Thare is only one stumbling block to a trip from such a distant
planet to larth. But it is a formidable block.
The nearest eligible star 1s one called Wolf 359. This is eight
light years away. Iravelling at 1/10th the speed of lignt - that 1s
18,000 miles per second «- it would take a space ship pilot do years
For prete let toket proompletely beyond the
Il a process coula be created to convert a nuclear material into
jot energy the time could be cut from 60 to 16 years from Wolf 359 to
Barth.
= 19=

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2202, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'.
SPACB-SHIPS
The problems involved in the creation of the long idealized
"Buck Rogers" type space ship are myriad. While a special purpose
rocket can be made as maneuverable as is desired with very high
perfornance, a high performance space ship woulå be large ana un-
wieldy and could hardly be designed to maneuver frivolously in the
. earth's atmosphere as the reported dises have done.
Also,
such an aircraft could not carry sufficient extra fual to
make repeated descents
into the earth's atmosphera.
Sclentists say a vertically descending rocket might well appear
as a luninous disc to a person standing directly below. Yet observers
at a distance would surely be able to identify the rocket as such,
and the exhaust should te easy to see.
Distribution has proved another factor in debunking the lan From
Mars solution to the
saucer riddle. With few exceptions all discs
have been reported within the continental limits of the United States,
whereas spacemen could be expected to scatter their visits core or less
uniformly over the globe. The small area covered by the dise barrage
points strongly to the belief that the flying objects are of earthly
origin, te they physical or psychological.
Thus, although visits from outer space are believed to be
possible, they are thought to be highly improbable. in particular,
detailed reports made on study
of individual incidents and ihe over-
all picture of project "Saucer" point to the fact that actions
attributed to the flying objects reported during the last two years
are inconsistent with the requirements for space travel.
The possibility that the "gaucers" were supported by means of
rays or teams was investigated and debunked. By "rays" or "boams"
are meant either purely electronagnetic radiation or else radiation
which is largely corpuscular like cathode rays, cosmic rays oi
cyclotron teams.
Any device thus propelled vould have to be fundamentally a reactior
device. The tasic theory of such devices is that a given amount
01
enersy is most efficiently spent If the momentun turown back or down
is laige. Ihis means that a large mass should be given a snall
acceleration -- a theorem well understood by helicopter designers.
- 20 -

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2226, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Beams of rays to the contrary, a small mass is given a very
high velocity, and consequently enormous powers - greater than the
total world's power capacity -- would be needed to support even the
smallest object by such means.
Several unorthodox means of supporting or propelling a solia
object have been considered, Including the fiction writers olå stand
by, the anti-gravity snield, but all have been found inpractical•
Ihis, in the opinion of investigating gcientists lends credence to the
assumption that tho unidentified flying objects are supporteù
and
propolled by some nornal means, or else they are not solids.
Possibilities that the saucers are foreign aircraft hare also been
considered. But the reported performance of the digos is so superior
to anything we have yet approached in this country that it is considered
only an accidental discovery of "a degree of novelty never before
achieved" could suifice to explain such devices.
The possible existence of some sort of strange oxtra-terrestrial
animals has also been remotely considered, as many of the objects
described acted more like aninals than anything else. However, there
are lew reliable Ieports on extra-terrestrial anirals.
SUMMARY
All of the information so far presented in project "Saucer" on
the possible eristence of space ship from another planet or of air-
crafi propelled by an aivanced type of atomic porer plant have been
largely conjecture.
to sum up, no dotinite conclusive evidence is yet available thai
voula prove or disprove the possibility that a portion of the un-
identified objeots are Ical aircraft of unknown or unconventional
configuration.
Many sightings by qualified and apparently reliable witnesses
have been reported, Hovever, each inoident has unsatisfactory features
such as the shortness of time the object was under observation, tho
great distance îrom the
observel, vagueness oi description or photo-
graphs, inconsistencies
between
individual observers, LacK oI
descriptive data, etc.
In so far as the aero dynamic superiority of the disc-like
phenomena is concerned the circular platform has not been used in
representative aircraft, either military or civilian, because
• the
Induced drag is excessively high.
-21 -

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 212, "chars": 1337, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
..
•.
Spherical or balloon shaped objects are also not usually
considered as efficiont aircraft. Drag is high and the energy expended
to develop lift by aerodynanie means is excessive.
The obvious explanation for most of the spherical shaped objects
reported, as already mentioned, 1s that they are matoorological oI
similar type balloons. This, however, does not explain reports that
they travel at high speed of maneuver rapidly. But "Saucer" man
plus out tractual noeleration de bain caused an as loak
and later exaggeratod by observers.
The most reasonatle explanation for the reported "balls of 11ght"
is that they were suspendod from balloons or somo other means of support
not visible at night, and that the violent maneuvers sometimes reporter
in these cases were due to optical illusion.
There are scores of possible explanations for the scores ci
different type sightings reported. Many of the aerial phenomena have
seen he peace is tid Hoe or progressed of the rom
The "saucers" are not a joke. Neither are they a cause loI
alera to the population. Many of the incidents already hava answers,
meteors, Balloons, Falling stars. Birds in flight. lesting devices,
etc. Some oi them still ena in question marks.
• It is the mission of the AMC Technical Intelligence Division's
Project "Saucer" to supply the periods.
• - 22 -
END
