{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T14:38:42Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 528323, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116570-cia-final-rule-on-public-access-to-docs-and-records-and-declassification-requests.pdf", "source_sha256": "62b108c7e07af7c81c0ed9a773042e21fc8fb36fcfd5637ed927433c6dfd287e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 962, "chars": 6346, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
46+56
Federal Register / Vol. 52 No. 235 / Tuesday. December 8. 1987 / Rules and Regulations
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
32 CFR Part 1900
Public Access to Doeuments and
Records and Declassification
Requests
AGENCY: Central Intelligence Agency.
ACTION: Final rule.
¡ 1900.25 Fees for records services.
(a) Search, review, and duplication
fees will be charged in accordance with
the schedule set forth in paragraph (c) of
this section for services rendered in
responding to requests for Agency
records under this part. To the extent
possible, the most efficient and least
costly methods will be used to comply
with requests for documents made under
the FOLA. Records will be furnished
without charge or at a reduced rate
whenever the Coordinator determines
that a waiver or reduction is in the
public interest because it is likely to
contribute significantly to public
understanding of the operations or
activities of the United States
government and is not primarily in the
commerical interest of the requester.
The Coordinator shall consider the
following factors in making his
determination:
(1) Whether the subject of the
requested records concerns the
operations or activities of the United
States government: and. if so.
(2) Whether the disclosure of the
requested documents is likely to
contribute to an understanding of United
States government operations or
activities: and. if so.
(3) Whether the disclosure of the
requested documents will contribute to
public understanding of United States
government operations or activities;
(4) Whether the disclosure of the
requested documents is likely to
contribute significantly to public
understanding of United States
government operations and activities:
and.
(5) Whether the requester has a
commercial interest that would be
furthered by the requested disclosure:
and. if so.
(6) Whether the disclosure is primarily
in the commercial interest of the
requester.
(b) The Coordinator may also waive
or reduce the charge whenever he
determines that the interest of the
government would be served thereby. L
addition. fees shall not be charge
where they would amount, in the
aggregate.
, for a request or for a series of
related requests, to less than $6.00
(c) Denials
of requests for fee waivers
or reductions may be appealed by
writing to the Chairman of the
Information Review Committee, via the
Coordinator. Requests for fee waivers or
reductions or appeals of such decisions
will not be considered after a requester
has given his commitment to pay fees
and/or processing costs bave been
incurred by the CIA
(d) In order to protect the requester
and the Agency from large, unexpected
fees, when the anticipated charges will
amount to more than $25.00 and the
requester has not indicated his
willingness to pay applicable fees, the
processing of the request shall be
suspended
until the requester indicates
his willingness to pay. The requester
shall be notified and asked for this
commitment to pay all reasonable
search and duplication (and when
appropriate
review) fees. At his option,
the requester may indicate in advance &
dollar limitation to the fees be is
prepared to pay. In such an event the
Coordinator shall initiate a search of the
system or systers of records deemed
most likely to produce relevant records,
instructing the system managers to
discontinue the s
earch as soon as the
stipulated amount has been expended.
Where an advance limit has not been
stipulated. the Coordinator may, at bis
discretion or at the behest of the
requester, compile an estimate of the
search fees likely to be incurred in
processing a request, or of such portion
thereo! as can readily be estimated. The
requester shall be promptly notified of •
the amount and be asked to approve its
expenditure and guarantee payment
thereo!. The request shall be cancelled
after 60 days if no response is received.
(e) In those cases where the
Coordinator estimates that the fees will
exceed $250.00 and the requester has no
history of payment an advance deposit
of up to 100 percent of the estimated
fees will be required. In all cases where
there is reasonable evidence that the
requester may possibly fail to pay the
fees which would be accrued by
processing his request, an advance
deposit of 100 percent of the estimated
fees will be required. The notice or
request for an advance deposit shall
extend an offer to the requester whereby
he is afforded an opportunity to revise
the request in a manner calculated to
reduce the fees. Dispatch of such a
notice shall suspend the running of the
period for response by the Agency until
• reply is received from the requester.
(f) Except for requests that are for a
commercial use, the Agency will not
charge for the first two hours of search
time or for the first 100 pages of
reproduction. However, a requester or
associated requesters may not file a
series of multiple requests, which are
merely discrete subdivisions of the
information he actually seeks. for the
purpose of avoiding or reducing
applicable fees. When the Coordinator
reasonably believes that a requester or
• group of requesters acting in concert
is attempting to break a request down
into a series of smaller requests solely
for the purpose of evading the
assessment of fees. the Coordinator may
aggregate any such requests and charge
accordingly.
(g) The schedule of fees for services
performed in responding to requests for
CIA records is established as follows:
(1) For each one quarter hour, or
fraction therof, spent by non-
professional personnel in searching for a
record. $2.50:
(2) For each one quarter hour, or
fraction thereof, spent by professional
personnel in searching for a record
(3) For each one quarter hour. or
fraction thereof, spent by professional
personnel in reviewing a record in
response to a FOLA request. which is
primarily commercial. $4.50.
(4) For each on-line computer search.
$11.00.
• (5) For each off-line (batch) computer
search of Central Reference Files. $27.00:
• (6) For all other off-line computer
searcbes of Agency files. $8.00 per
minute of Central Processing Unit (CPU)
time:
(7) For copies of paper documents in
sizes not larger than 84 x 14. S0.10 per
copy of each page:
(8) For duplication of non-paper media
(Alm. magnetic tape. diskette, elc.) or
any document that cannot be
reproduced on a standard office copier.
actual direct cost: and

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 979, "chars": 6527, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(9) For copies of reports, maps.
reference aids, and other Agency
publications, actual costa.
(b) Inasmuch as the Agency's systems
• of records are decentralized. several
computer searches may be required to
process a request, depending upon its ..
scope. The computer search costs given
is paragraphs [8)(4) through (6) of thin
section, do not include whalever manual
search time is needed to determine
whether the records Jocated are in fact
responsive to the request.
(i) Search fees are assessable even -
when so records pertineat to the
requests, oí no releasable records are
found, provided the requester has been
advised of this fact and be has,
nolwithsianding, agreed to incur the
costs of search. Individuals associated
with or olherwise making requests on
behalf of any organization of other
entity or person shall be jointly and
severally liable with such party for all
applicable search, review, and
reproduction cosis incurred.
(i For requests which have accrued
search and duplication fees in excess of
$250.00, or where there is reasonable
evidence thal the requester may
possibly fail to pay the accrued fets.'
then, at the discretion of the
Coordinalor, the requester may be
required to pay the accrued search and
duplication fees prior io the actual
delivery of the requested records:
oberwise, the requester shall be billed
for such fees at the time the records are
provided. Payment shall be remitted by
check or money order, made payable in
U.S. dollara to the Treasurer of the
United Stales, and shall be dent lo the
Coordinator. No appezis shall be
accepted or any additional recorda
services provided to the requesier Di
associated requester until the requester
and associated requesiers have paid all
outstanding charges for services
rendered under this CFR part or
corresponding CFR part for other
§overment agencies or deparimenta. In
cases of requesters associated will,
acting in concert with, or on behalf of
any other individual or organization.
such requesters, individuals and
Diganizations shall be jointly and
severally liable fos all applicable
charges.
(k) With the exception of requesters
seeking documents for a cornercial
ase. section (4)(AX(iv) of the Freedom of
Information Atl, an amended, requires
agencies to provide the firal 100 pages of
duplication and the firs! two hours of
search time without charge. Moreover.
this section prohibits agencies from
charging fees to any requester, including
-commercial use requesters, if the cost of
-
collecting a fee would be equal to or
greater than the fee itsell. These
provisions work together, so that, except
for commercial use requesters, the
Agency will nol begin 1o assess fees
until after providing the specified free
search and reproduction. If the amount
of the chargeable fees is equal to or less
than the cost of the Agency of billing the
requester and processing the lee
collected, no charges would result. The
elementa lo be considered in
determining the "cost of collecting a fee"
are the administrative costs to the
Agency of receiving and recording &
requester & remittance, and processing
the lee ior deposit in the Treasury
Department's special account The per-
transaction cost to the Treasury lo
handie such remittances will not be
considered in the Agency's
determination.
(1) For purposes of these restrictions
on assessment of fees, the word "pages"
refers lo paper copies dia standard
agency size which will normally be
"8½x11" OI "11X14." Thus, requesters
would not be entitled to 100 microliche
or 100 computer disketles. for example,
but rather such microfiche, diskettes. or
other compuler pulput having a dollar
value equivalent to 100 pages ol paper
copies (i.e. $10.00).
(2) Similarly, the tern "search time" in
this context has, as its basis, manua!
search. To apply this term lo searches
made by compuler, the Agency will
provide compuler searches under
$ 1900.25(C)(4) through (6) having a
dollar value equivalent to two (2) hours
Di Protessional seatch time (i.E. $36.00).
(I) There are four categories of FOLA
requesters: "commercial use"
requesters:'
"educational and non-
commercial scientific institution"
requesters; "representatives of the news
media" requeslers: and. "all other"
requesters. The FOIRA prescribes
specifie levels of fees for each of these
categories:
(1) "Commercial Use" Requesters:
When the Agency receives a request lo
documents for commercial uae. it will
assess charges which recover the full
direct costs of searching for seviewing
for release, and duplicating the records
bours of free seurch time nor 100 free
pages di reproduction of documents. The
searching for and reviewing record!
yen if there is ultimately no disclosur
Agency will provide documents to
requesters in this calegory for the cost of
reproduction alone, excluding charges
fos the first 300 pages. To be eligible for
inclusion in this calegory, requeslers
must show that the request is being
made as authorized by and under the
suspices of a qualifying United States
institution and that the records are not
sought for commercial use, but are
sought in furtherance of scholarly fif the
request is from an educational
institution) or scientific (if the request ia
from a non-commercial acientific
institution) research. Requesters must .
reasonably describe the records sought.
(3) "Representatives of the News
Medio" Requeslers: The Agency shall
provide documents to requestera in this
calegory for the cost of reproduction
alone, excluding charges for the firat 100
pages. To be eligible for inclusion in this
calegory, a requester must meet the
criteria in ¿ 1900.3(g), and his or her
request must not be made for &
commercial use. In reference to this
class of requester, a request for recorda
supporting the news dissemination
function of a requester ahall not be
considered to be a request that in for
commercial use provided that the
requester meels the requirements
specified in § 1900.3(q). Requestera must
reasonably describe the records sought.
(8) "All Other" Requesters: FOLA
requestera who do not fit in any of the
categories above will be charged fees
which recover the full reasonable direct
cost of searebing for and reproducing
records that are responsive to the
request, except that the first 100 pages of
reproduction and the first two hours of
aearch time shall be furished without
charge. Moreover, requesters asking for
records about themselves will continue
lo be treated under the CIA fee
provisions of the Privacy Act of 1974
which permil access to records without
charge.
----
