{"created_utc": "2026-09-13T22:11:34Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 321206, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304047699048747, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116657-project-magnet-report-wilbert-b-smith.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540591830000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116657-project-magnet-report-wilbert-b-smith.pdf", "source_sha256": "670da4c9ab0318e6f9fb41811fda092ed7c0b0d7af1d3bae50390fa3f83f0c99"}

A


                           1> o31 c2 ):AGhcS RZPOP.T


             During the past Siva years thore has boon accuzitlating

    in the files of the Uaitod States Air Force, Royal Canadian Air

    Force, Dopartmont of Transport, and various other agoncioa, an

    improocivo number of reports on aichtinga of unidentifiod flyin;

    objects popularly blown as "i:;/ing Saucers". Those fib contain

    reports by creditable pooplo on things which they have Ccon in

    the sky, traaia~d by radar, or photographed. They are report

    nade in good faith by noraal, honost poople, and there is little

    if any reason to doubt their voracity. !'.any sightings undoubtodly

    are duo to unusual viows of coon objects or phenotonac, and

    are quito normal, but there are many sightings which cannot be

    explained so easily.

              Project ya    ot was authorized in Docombor, 1950, by

    Consander C. P. Edwards, then Deputy Minister of Transport for

    Air Services, for the pupow of making as dotailod a study of

    the saucer phenomsnao as could be made within the framowork of

    existing satabli&'nnnto.     The Broadcast and Measurements

    Section of the Tolocom:raaioationo Division ware given the

    directive to go ahead with this work with whatever assistance

    could be obtained inforaally from out aide source   such as

    Dsfonoo Research Board and National Research Council.


1
cW
 i

                               -2-


               It is porfoctly natural in the human thinking mechnniam

     to try and fit observations into an established pattern. It is

     only when observations stubbornly refuse to be so fitted that we

     become disturbed. When thin happens we may, and usually do,

     take 0210 of throe courses. First, we may deny completely the

     validity of the observations; or second, we may pass the whole

     subject off as something of no consoquonoe; or third. we may

     aocnt the discrepancies as real and go to work on them. In

     the matter of Saucor Sightings all three of those reactions

     have boon strikingly apparent. The first two approachee are

     obviously negative and from which a definite conclusion can

     mover be reached. It is the third approach, acceptance of

     the.data and subsequent research that is dealt with in this

     report.

               The basic data with which we have to work consist

     l.argoly of sightings reported as they are observed throughout

     Canada in a purely random manner. Many of the reports are from

     the extensive field organization of the Department of Transport

     whose job it is to watch the sky and whose observers are trained

     in precisely this sort of observation. Also, there are in

     operation a number of instrumental arrangements such as the

     Seuoal0mrio obuwrvntorian frar4 which useful data have Loan

     obtained. Bowevor, we must not expect too much from thass

     field stations because of the very sporadic nature of the sight-

     ings. As the analysis progre use a and we lcsow more about what
                        -3-
to'look for we ma,p be aole to obtain and make much bottor use

of fiold data. Up to the pro cent we have been prevented from

using conventional laboratory methoda owing to the comploto lack

of any sort of apociaanc with which to experiment, and our

prospect of obtaining any in the immediate faturs are not very

good. Consequently, a largo part of the analysis in these

early stages will have to be based on deductive reaso.ing, at

bast until we are able to work out a procedure more in lice

with conventional exporimontal mothods.

          The starting point of the investigation is essentially

the interview with an observer. A questionnaire form and an

instructional guide for the intorrogater were worked out by

the Project Second Storey Committee, which is a Coamittea

sponsored by the Defence Boscarch Eoard to collect1 catalogue

and correlate data on sightings of unidentified flying objects.

This questionnaire and glide are included as Appendix I, and

are intended to got the maximum useful information from the

observer and pro sent it in a manner in which it can be used to

advantage. This form has boon used so far as possible in

connection with the sightings investigated by the Department of

Transport.

          A weighting factor is aeaigned to each sighting

according to a system intended to minimise the porsoual equation.

This weighting system is described in Appendix Ii. The weighting
   i


                           — 1. —

faotor may be considered as the probuoility that the report

contains the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth,

to far as the observer and interrogator are aware. It has

nothing to do with the nature of the object claimad to be goon.

It to in a saaso analagoua to the order of precision with which

a measuromont nay be nado, end for the pirrpoco of this analysis

this is precisely the manner in which it is aced.

          Sightinga me;/ be groupod according to certain salient

featura5, and the combined xoight of all pertin3nt obs©rvations

with redact to these features may be determined by applying

Peterta formula, which is a standard mathematical tochaiqua for

determining probable error.


       rc a      .81r5i       (v1 Sv2 iv3 i....          a)


              nil n —, 1
whore ro is the probable error of the mean,   a


                                                  is the number of

observations and v is the probable error of each observation,

that is, unity minus the wai„hting factor. :his method has the

advantage of being atpie and easy to w    and enables a number

of mediocre observations to be combined effectively into the

equivalent of one good one.

          The next step is to sort out the observations according

to soma pattern. The particular pattern is not so important as

the fact that it should take account of all contingencies
                          -5—
hQwover improbable they   ay appear at first sight. In other
words, there must be a compartment somewhere in the schema of

things into which oach sighting may be placed, comfortably, and

with nothing loft over. 3'vrtharmoro, it must be possible to

arrive at cash appropriato oompartmant by a saquanee of logical

reasoning taking account of all tho facts presented. If this

can be dons, then the probability for the real existence of the

contents of any compartment will be the single or combined

weighting factor pertinent to that single or group of sightings.

The charts shown in 1pyndix III were evolved as a moans for

sorting out the various sightings and provide tho pattern which

vas used in the analysis of thoaa sightings reported to and

anal -sod by the Department of Transport.

          Moat sightings fit readily into one of the claasifica—

Lions shown, which are of two general types; those about which

wo :mow something and those about which we know very little.

When the sightings can be classified as something we know about,

we need not concern ourselves too much with them, but when they

fit into classifications which we don't understand we are back

to our original position of whether to deny the evidence, dismiss

it as of no consoquanco, or to accept it and go to work on it.

The process of sorting out observations acoording to these charts

and fitting then into compartments can hard* by considered an
                                                                  7
                            -6 -

end in itself. 'Rathor, it is a oonvonionce to clarify thinking

and direct activity along proftabla channels. It shows at

once which aspects are of significance and which may be bypaosod.

~oroly placing a sighting under a certain heading does not

explain it; it .only indicates whore we coy start looking for an

oxplanation.

          Appendix IT contains eu:=aries of the 1952 sightings

as investigated by the Dopartmont of Transport. Considerably

more data exists in the files of other agencies, and more is

being collected as the investigations proceed. While it is not

intended to make any reference to an analysis 'of the records of

other agencies, it may be said that the Department of Trancport

sightings are quito repro santatLye of the sightings reported

throughout the world. The following is a table of the breakdown

of the 25 proper sightings reported during 1952.

             NATO"   Ca SIGSTIIIG                       SCIGW

?robably meteor                                4          91~

Probably aircraft                              1          65p

Probably balloons                              1          74

Probably markor,light                          1          614

aright speck at night, not. star or planet     3          75'

2right speck daylight, not star or planet      1          6s

Luminous rind                                  1          6c

                                               1          53     ''s
Shiny cone

Circular or elliptical body, Aiay day          5          SF
x


                             - 7-
                NA:UP2 Or^ sic-.:;o                         zIGL

    Circular or elliptical body luainoua night     5          9O
    Unidentified lights of various cinch           2          7$
    TOTAL IZUMJ R OF PROPER SIG iINGS             25          96P
              With reference to the above table, of the four canes

    identified as probably notoors, their weight worka out at 91%,

    which is the probability that the observers actually did sao

    meteors which appeared as that' described them. Considering the

    circular or elliptical bodios together, their weight works out

    at 91,4 for the ten sightings, from which we may conclude that

    SObITZNG answering this doscription was actually observod.

    Similarly we may consider each of the other groups of sightings,

    taking account of the probability that the observations are reliable.

              It to not intended to. describe here in detail the

    intrioate,and tedious processes by which the sightings are

    evaluated, beyond the fact that the pattern set forth in the

    charts in Appendix III is followed. The cardinal rule is that

    a sighting must fit completely under one or more of the chart

    headings, with nothing left over and without postulating any

    additions, deletions, or changes in the facts as reported.

    Should there be no suitable hassling, than obviously the charts

    must be expanded to provido one, in fact this was the evolution

    • of these charts. Whore a sighting may be,fittod under more than

    one heading an,arbitrary division of the probability of finding

    it under each applicable heading is assigned. The sax of such
 probability figures suet of course be unity, and the probability

 :or the real oziatanco under any particular heading is the product

 of this probability figure and the reliability or weighting factor

 for the sighting concerned.

           I: is apparent that the judgement of the people doing

 the evaluating is bound to enter the picture and may produce

 substantial nu arical differences with reference to sightings

• listed under certain headings. Bowovor, since many headings are

.autonatically eliminated by the nature of the facts available,

 the di acrepancie a are confined to the probability figures for

 the distribution under the romainiu headings which are

 considered eligible, and we and up with definite classifications

 for the sightings with SoC probability figure for the reality

 of each group. This has the effect of forcing those who are

 doing the evaluating to face the reported facts squarely,   pay


 meticulous attention to then, and place each sighting honestly

 under the only headings where it will fit.

           In working through the analysis of the proper sightings

 listed, we find that the majority of than appear to be of sore

 material body. Of those, eevon are classed as probably normal

 objects, and eleven are classed as strange objects. Of the

 ronainder, four have a substantial probability of being material,

 strango, objects, with three having a substantial probability

 of being immaterial, electrical, phenomenas. Of the eleven

 strange objects the probability definitely favours the alien
     +                     —9—

 vohicle class, with the secret missile includod with a much

lower probability.

            The nest atop is to follow this line of roaconing as

far as possible so as to doduce what vo can from the obsarvod

data. Vehicles or missiles can be of only two general kinds,

terrestrial and oxtra—terrestrial, and in eithor caco the

analysis enquires into the source and toohnolotr. If the

vehicles originate outside the iron curtain are may assumo that

the matter is in good hands, but if they originate inside the

iron curtain it could b3 a matter of grave concern to us.

            In the matter of technology, the points of interest

are: - the onergy source; moans of support, propulsion and

manipulation; atrncture; and biology. So far as energy is

concarnod we know about mochanical energyr and chemical onorg',

end a little about energy of fission, aid we can appreciate the

possibility of direct conversion of mass to energy. Soyond this

we
     have no aiowlodge, aid unless we are prepared to postulate a

completely unlmown source of onorgy of which wo do not know even

the rudiments, we must conclude that the vehicles 1163 one of the

four listed energy sources. Unloas something we do not undor stand

can be done with gravitation, mechanical energy has little use

beyond driving modal aircraft. We use chemical onergy to gaito

an extent, but we realize its limitations, so if the enorgy
demands of the vehicles exceed what we consider to be the reason-
                         w 10

able capabilities of cheaicnl fools, we arc forced to the

oonclusion that such vehicles must gat •their energy/ frog sitbr

fission or mass conversion.

          With reference to the moans for support, propulsion

and manipulation, unless we are prepared to postulate socothing

else quite beyond our ;ciowledgo, there are only the two coups

of possibilities, naioly the lesown moans and the speculative

moans. Of the kaowa manna there is only physical support through

the use of buoyancy or airfoils, the reaction of rockets and

jets, and centrifugal force, which is what holds the moon in

position. Of the speculative moans we know only of the possibility

of gravity wavos, field interaction and radiation pressure.

If the observed behaviour of the vehicles !a such as to be

beyond the limitations which we know apply to the Jtbtm maaua

of support, thou we are forced to the conclusion that one of

the speoulative means must have boon developed to do the job.

          L'om a study of the sighting reports (Appondix IT),

it can be deduced that the vehicles have the following aioaificant

characteristics. They area hundred foot or more in diameter;

they oan travel at speeds of several thousand miles par hour;

they can roach altitude; wall above those which would support

conventional airorft or balloon;; and ample power and force

coon to ho availnble for all required manoouvros. Taking theta

factors into a000unt, it is difficult to reo9ncils this porformanco
with the capabilitios of our technologr, and unlace the

technolo~yr of soao terra atrial nation is much note ad i ncod

than is gonorally known, we arc forced to the conclusion that

the whiolos are probably extra.-terrestrial, in spite of our

projudicos to the contrary.

          It has boon su c stod that the sightings tight be

due to cone sort' of optical phonomonon which gives the appearanm

of the objects reported, and this aspect was thoroughly

investigated.. Charts are shown in Appendix III swaying the

various optical considerations. taticing as this theory is,

there are zone sorioua objcctions to its actual application, in

the form of some rather definite and quite immutable optical

laws. The so are the geometrical laws dealing with optics generally

and which we have nova: yet fourt cause to doubt, plus the wide

discrepancies in the order of magnotudo of the light values which

rust be involved in any sightings so far studied, burthorore,

introducing an optical system might explain an imago in terns of

an object, but the object still requires explaining. A particular

effort was made to find an optical explanation for the sightings

listed in this report, but in no case could one be worked out.

It was not possible to find so much as a partial optical

axpVsnation for even one sighting. Consequently, it was felt

that optical theories generally should not be taken too seriously

until such tine as at least one sighting can be satisfactorily

explained in such a manner.


             r.
                             - 12 -

           It apFoars then, that we are facod with a aubctr`.tiai

probability of the real cxistance of extra-totruatrial vahicloe,

rogardloss of whothar or not they fit into oar achaao of things.

Such vehicles of nocossity that uao a tochaology coaaidorably in

advanco of what we have. It is therefore submitted that the

next cto   its this inveatiatioa should be a substantial ef:ort

towards the acqui•siticn of as much as possible of this tochaology,

which would without doubt be of coat value to us,


                         i


                            tf, a.dth,
                          n ineor-b..Char o,
                           Projoot 2.agaat.
