{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T17:20:14Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 615429, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116646-cia-the-investigation-of-ufos-hector-quintanilla.pdf", "source_sha256": "fa783e39e95b006774b2d0718a1fffc676e7e2df4b9de6c7a7e721d83465baa6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 296, "chars": 1868, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
#049
ALtory art methodology o
fying saucer frittligence
TILE INVESTIGATION OF UFO'S
Hector Quintanille, Js.
Unidentified lying objects are not a new phenomcaon In 593 B.C.
Ezckiel rocorded a wlithvind to the north which appeared as a sery.
sphere. In 1251 at Saint Albans Abby, when the moon was eight
days old, there appeared in the sky a ship elegantly shaped, vell
equipped and of marvolous color. In 1520 in France there urre
sighted a round-shaped object with rotating lights and to fiery suns.
In 1874 in Texas a farmer reported seeing a dark Lying object in
the shape of a disc cruising in the sky at a vonderful speed. These
are a mere sampling of the many such events rocorded by historians.
The moder cra of UFO:, liosever, can be clutcú from 21 June 1917,
when a lycr made some strange observations which national news
covcrage and authors with a poctic license so played up as to excite
public entertainment of i notion that eur panet bad been visitor
by unknown vehicles from outer spaco..
Supersonic Saucerz
On 1hat 24 June, Kenneth Amold was out Lying In his private
plane. Ile was looking for a Marine transport that was rugposed
to have crash-landed somervhere on the southwest side of Mt. Manier.
First he flew directly toward the mountain from the west at an altitude
of approximatcly 0,500 fcet, scarching all of the various ridges for
the downed planc. Then ho made a sveep back to the west, found
nothing, and headed again rowerd Ml lanict. The dis Was 50 smooth
that is was a rcal pleasure fying; ho trimmed out the alcrait and
relaxca, admiring the crystal-clear sky and the terrain. There was
= DC-4 to his left and rcar at approximatcly 14,000 feet..
Io hadn't flown more then two of three minutc on this course
when a bright Dash rellected on his airplane. Ha couldn't find whero
Approvod for Roleaso
OFFICIAL USE ONLY
Dato 12 1AN 1981:;
95

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 692, "chars": 4456, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFOs
the
áction came from, but to the left, north of Mt. Ranicr, he did
observe a chain of nine peculiar-looking objects flying from north to
south at approximately
9,500 icet. They were approaching Mr.
Ranies very rapilly; and he at first assumed them to be jut aircraft,
Every for seconds hva or three of them would dip or charge course
slightly, so as lo catch the sun at an angic and rellect brighlly. They
were too far asvay for him lo determine their shape or formation.
As they approached Mit. Manier, however, he observed their online
quite clearly-except that, addly, he could not find their tails. le
watched them pass the southern cage of Me. Banier flying directly
south-southenst down the hog's-back of a sange.
Their clevation
seemed to vary by as much as one thousand feet, but they remaincu
very near the horizon, thierelure around his own clevation. Thry
Bow rnther like geese, in a diagonal chain, as though they were linked
together. They seemed in maintain theis orientation while swerving
in and out of the high mountain peaks.
Arnold estimated the distance from him lo the objocts at aprroxi.
mately 25 miles. Using a Zeus fastener and a cowling roof, he esti-
muted their size to be nbout fro-thirds that of the DC4. Watching
them pass a high snow-covered ridge beiween Mr. Ranics and Mt.
Adams, he carr that as the first object was leaving its south crest the
last one was entering its northern crest. Later the length of this
ridge, and therciore that of the chain of objects, was deterniner to
be about five miles. Arna'd timed their flight from Mt. Ranier tu Mit.
Adams, 47 miles, at 1 min. 42 scc., a speed of 1,659 miles per lonr.
In a subsequent interview with newsmen, Arnold descrilad the no:
jects as appearing like saucers skipping on water. This description,
shortened to "flying saucers" by newsmen, gave rise to the popular
ecrm for UFOs. The sighting, like most, was not reproducible for
purposes of investigation; it involved uncontrollable atmospheric con-
ditions. The Air Force was left with one man's subjective interpreta-
tion of what he had experienced. Scientists who reviewed Arnokis
sighting cuncheded that the objects were a mirage. The smonth,
crystal-clear air that he noted indicated the very stable conditions
which are associated with inversions and a high index of refraction of
the atmosphere.
Althougie Amold's experience couid net be reproduced, anothes
Thenomenon in some respects similar and observed in the some arcit
86.
OMEMY USE ONIT
UFOs
1NE516
found a satisfactory esplanation. Navy Commander W. J. Young
reported in Novembor 1918 that on several occasions ha had seen over :
the Willamelle valley and the plains of castern Washington and
Orcgon what could casily have been mistaken for flying discs. One
striking example occurred over the Willamette valley on a clear sunny
day when the ever-present blue haza seemed somewhat thicker than
usual. Ilis aircraft was Lying at altitudes between 1,000 and 5,000
fect when bright dying objects appeared, some on lit beam and others
on the tours or dead ahead. From time to tires disg de l3 dis-
appear and new ones epress.
Young
altitudes
buildings
land
COnV
visibility,
airbore
solved
among reported UFO phenomena, some characteristics of one may be
found in others, es in Young's and Arnold's.
Sign and Grudge
Newspaper publicity for Arnold's Bying saucers started an avalanche
of ollier sightings.
The Air Force began receiving reports from people
in all walks of life. Refore December 1917 no specific orgonization
was responsible for investignting and evaluating these. Without any
basis in measurable data or controlled experiment, the reported plai
nomena were variously assessed, even within the military structure,
as thie to a neuv aerodynamic configuration, to natural narrenses, to
misinterpretation of conventional oblects, or to space ships under in.
telligent control. The military interest touched the fields of air de-
fense, TidD, and intelligence, resporsibilities vested in many different
organizations.
To und this confusion, the Chief of Staff directed on 30 December
1917 that a project be established to collect, collate, evaluate, and
distribute within the government all information concerning sightings
which could be construed as of concern to the national security. Re-
sponsibility for the project, assigned the code name "Sign," was given
1o the Air Tcchnical Intelligence Center. In February 1919 Project. Ti
97

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 708, "chars": 4666, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It tO ON
UFOS
Sign, having completed its evaluation of the 243 UFO cascs submitted
to it, issuca a reporti
No definite and conclusive evidence is yet available chat ivouid prove or
„disprove the erstence of these unidentified objects as real aircraft of unknown
anel unconventional ennfiguratina.
I is unlikely that positive pront of thei
sistence will be obtaincu without examination oi the tenrains of crasho
objeces.
Proof of non-existence is equally impossible lo obrain unless a
reasonable and convincing explanation is determined for each incident. ...
with these occurrences.
military arl civilian personnel.
With the backlag of cases disposed of, the project was continueri
on a reduced scale and under a ner core name,
"Grudge." Project
Crudge completed its evaluntion of 244 reports in August 1919, relying
heavily on the work of university scienlists and olher outside con.
sultants, as well as the USAF Air Weather Service and the U.S.
Weather Bureau. The Grudge Report concluded that the UFO sight-
ings signified nothing that would constitute a threat to the national
security of the United States, that they were chargeable to misinter.
pretations of conventional objects, a mild form of mass hysteria or
war nerves, and fabrications for the sake of hoax or publicity.
Special Report No. 14
The soolling conclusions of Project Grudge cause very little
comment, and the projuct was continued on a reduced scale.
tireless, the fringe of people that still believed in extraterrestrial
visitation was growing with the popularity of science fiction articles
and magazines. In December 1051 a contract was let to an industrial
firm for a detailed studly, unclassificd, of the UFO cases on file.
It took three yrars to complete this study.
Manhile, in March 1952, the project was given its present name.
"Ble Book."
the UFOs, Some representalive titles are The Coming of the Saucers,
Space, Gracily, and the Flying Saucer, Is Another World Watching,
The Flying Saucers Are Ical, Flying Saucers from Outer Spacc, ant
Flying Saucrrs Come from a Distant World. UTO hobby clubs were
- formed thronghout the country. Most professed to be studying ele
phenomena scientifiually, but few, if any, had physical or behavioral
98
OSE OKLY
UFOS
During the cart:
series is brahe fashionable to acouse the fir Force on runsorship
or of withhoking UFO information from the public.
In January 1953, while the three-year contract study was still in
process, a Scientific Advisory Panel was formed to make an authori.
tative quick evaluation.
It was composed of civilian scientists outside
the government with well-known and respected names-H. P. Robert.
son, Luis W. Alvarez, Lloyd V. Berkner,
S. A. Goudsmil, Thornton
Page. Following is an extract from their report:
The panci
Tachosina which are aliritufutle du fureign artifacts capable of hostile a '.
and that chere is no evidence that the phenomena inclicato a moral for li..
revision of current scientific concopes.
The rand further conchules thilt
the continuel emphasis on the reporting of these phennnicna does, in khoso
orion othe bed pila heve die retary lance no at do rais
organs of the body politic.
of cunimunication by irrelevant reports, the elanger of heing led by cons
. tinued false alarms to ignore real indications of hostile-action, ana tre
cullivation of a morbid national psychology in whkih skillful hostile propa-
ganda could induce hysterical behavior and harmful distress of duly con-
stituted authority.
The panel recommended:
That the national accurity agencies enke immortale stepa to atrip the un
identifies fiving objects of tho special status they havo bocn given and thi
aural of rugslery they have unfortunately annuired.
One action liken on this recommendation was to establish, within
the Office al Infurmation at the Air Force Secretary's level, an office
to anssuet public questions and release information regarding UFOs.
Throughout the years, the responsibility for releasing UFO informa-
tion to the public has remained with the Ofice of Information, Secre
tary of the Air Force.
When the imclassified contract study was ready at the end of
1951, it was immediately released to the news media.
It was released
under ATIC enver, hecause the competent company which produced
it wished to remain unonymous in this field of rescarch. Ji' is com-
monly referred to as Special Report No. 14, the first 13 having been
alministrative progress reports.
Special Report No. 14 reduced and evaluated all the UFO data
hekl in the Air Force files. Is contains graplis suming the frequency
distribution of sightings by time, data, location, shape, color, cluration,;
ASKICLLLNGENONIY
...
000586

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 762, "chars": 5084, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFOS
i
azimuth, and elevation. It records an attempt to bulla a model of
the typica! UFO and an ultimate finding that UFOs come in all sizes,
shapes, and colors. It concludes as foliows:
le can never be absolulely proven that "Flying Saucers" do not exist.
Scientifically evaluated and arranged, the data as a whole did not show
any marked patterns or trends....
A critical examination of the distribu-
tions of the important characieristics of sightings, plus an intensive study
of the sightings evaluated as tinknown, led lo the conclusion that a coni-
bination of faclors... mulled in the failure to identily as Knouins most nf
the objects classified as Unlinowns. An intensive slurly aimed at finding a
verified example of a "Flying Saucer" or at deriving a verifill moel or
models of "Flying Saucers" led la the conclusion that neither goal could
be altained using the present data.
It is emphasized that there was a complete lack of any valid ovidence
consisting of physical malter in any case
: of a reported unidentifical acrial
object.
Thus, the probability that any of the unknowns considered in this
study are "flying Saucers" is concluded to be extrenly sall, sine the minst
complele and irliablo rsports from the present data, when isulated and
atudied, conclusively failed to reveal even a rough model, and since tha data
as a whole falled to reveal any marked patterns or trends.
Therefore, on the basis of this evaluation of the information, it is con-
aldered to be highly improbable that any of the reports of unidentifed aerial
object; examine in this study represent observations of technological de.
velopments oulside the range of preseal-day scicatific knowledge.
Inocstigation Procodurcs
The ohjectives of the UFO program, aullined in 1953 by Air Force
Regulation 200-2, remain unchanged:
(1) To determine if UFO phenomena present a threat to the secu-
rity of the United States.
(2) To determine if UFO phenomena exhibit any technological
advances which could be channeled into U.S. R&D.
(3) To explain or identify the stimuli which caused the observer
to report a UFO.
Our Project Bluc Book office at Wright-Patterson has a complement
of only one officer, two sergeants, and one civilian stenographer.
The initial investigation of all UFO sightings is therefore undertaken
by the commander of the nearest Air Force base In its subscruent
anilysis of UFO cases, also, the project office is assisted by many
organizations and
professional individuals. Project Consultant for
the past eighicen ycars has been Dr. J. Allen Hynck, astrophysicist
100
УРБСИКА
UFOs
and Chairman of the Dearbor Observatory, Northuvestern University.
It is Dr. Ilynck, obviously, who has maintained continuity on the
project, in acklition to evaluating all suspected astronomiçal cases.
We have used the scrvices of Dr. Charlos P. Olivier, head of the
American Metcor Society, in evaluating some suspected metcor cascs.
For Aclp on suspected aircraft sightings we have gone to Foleral
Aviation Agency offices, local airports, che Strategic Air Command,
and the Air Defense Command.
In suspected balloon sightings ne
have callod unpon local airports, local arcather stations, the U.S.
Weather Bureau, Holloman AFB Balloon Control Center, the National
Centor for Atmospheric Research, Gencral Mills, Raven Indestrics,
Sea Space Systems, and colleges and universitics conducting halloon
rescarch. For suspected sitellite sightings we use the printed Echo
schedules, NASA satellite reports, the Smithsonian Nortly and South
Equatorial Crossings, and the professional scrvices of the Space De-
lection and Tracking System.
For suspected missile observations ave
ço directly to Cape Kennedy, Vandenberg AFB, Point Magu, Wallops
Island, Eglin AFB, Ilolloman AFB, and Green Hiver,
For radar analysis uve contact one of our internal organizations.
For photo analysis we use on internal organization but also lodek
in Rochester, N.Y. On physical specimens we hava used the services
of the Air Force Mitterials Laboralory, Battelle Memorial, the Food
and Drug Administration, Libby Owens, Corning Class, Institute of
Papor Chemistry, and the Northivestern Geology Department. Nu.
merous other organizations and individuals have helped the project
in the past,. No individual, government agency, or industrial group
has ever refused assistance.
As indicated above, UFO sightings nre classified according to the
suspected real event that gave rise to each report. The characteris.
fies of these different categories are sketched below.
Propeller Aircraft
Regular scheduled afrliners fly in air corridors, are usually controlled
by FAA. Lighting will probably be typical red and green wing
lights with rotating beacon. They use landing lights on takeoll as
well as in landing pattern. Sighting report may include hovering or
stationary perind if the aircraft is in a turn or approaching the
observer Total duration should be consistent with fight mancuvers
not likcly to execed five minutes unless some scrics of mancuvers is
being performed. Landing light, blotting out the red and green:
157
290

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 766, "chars": 4759, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LIFOs
Bashing lights, is often reported as a single light at night.
Experi-
inchlal and unusual lighting effects can vary with the lighting con.
liguration of each nircraft.
Color most often reported as white, can
be red. Objects reported in straight Dight at certain altitude can be
checked against local flight corridors; then FAd can he checked if
there remains doubt that an object is an aircrale or i positive idenli-
ficalion af a specific flight is required. There may or may not le
round associated with the visual ellect reported.
If near an airport.
this type of object is not classed as a UFO; moving lights in and
around airports which could be caused by aircralt are aisince to
be elicralt.
Private or non-scheunled flights have the same characteristics in
foner Speeds maybe slower and duration longer. Altitude usully
No sound if the wind is blowing away from the observer.
Duration should not exceed seven or eight minutes unless maneuvers
can defulnt for additional time. Normally flight is cleared from some
local airport and not carried on radar plots through FAA; hardest
type to make positive identification of. Evaluation made on reported
flight characteristics consistent with sircraft.
des Aircraft
Airliner and high-alitude missions are similar do conventional fights
In visual characteristics with the following exceptions: (1) The color
Is most often reportrel as red. (2) No sound is associated will the
in codes norink
object. (3) Flight is usually straight or svith one turn, Duration is
abon erie in five minnies, deponding upon the length of are visible.
FAA has desiguated airways for these flights.
Special low-level military missions are fown at 2,000 fect in known
els corridors. Sighting is usually briel, one minule or less. May be
reported hovering if flight is directly coward the observer. May in.
clude a sucken burst of speed. No sound if wind is away from
observer. Usually reported as a single light, but may be more than
one. Sightings are at night; during the day these aircraft can be
seen ton trell to he misinterpreted.
Special dust or training missions, varying from a single plane 10
multiple flights or major air opcrations, may give rise lo reports.
.. These fights ran he determined by contact with local, regional, or
major air commands.
A jot with afterburer in operation, viewed from the side, may gire
• the appearance of a short fame, It is usually reported as blue and
102
«GIFICIAL USEMONY
UFOS
tapcring. When the afterburnior is cut off, the object may be thougit
to have either just vanisher or zoomed off into space. Duration is
usually brif. The sighting is frequently during climb As viessed
from the rear, the jet may be reported siu or orange with some
yallow and of no distinct shape. Here again the disappearanco may
be sudden. If at high altitude, only a nondescript light may lie
reported.
Ficfucling Missims
Ilere lights on the fanker and the multiple aircraft engaged add
ner visual characteristics. Sightings are at night only; daylight
operations would be recognized for what they are. They may be at
los or high altitude. Multiple lights will be moving around, in
formation, going on and off.
The basic light formation will My
straight for a set distance, then may make a 180 degree turn. Dura-
tion in an area may run as high as 15 minutes, but any single pass
should not last more than four or five. Lights may be seen going
one way and then appear on theit return path later.
The 922 Air
Mclucling Squadron at Wright-Patterson furnishes Information on
• the visual characteristics of night refueling operations, and SAC
recently photograjhed a refueling mission for the benchit of UFO
analysts.
Refueling operations are controlled and conductel in specific areas.
A "Flight Planning Guide" issued by the Aeronautic Chart and In-
formation Center gives the location of these areis and the agency
cuntrulling cach A phone call to llie controller will elclermine
licther an area was in use at n parlicular time and ishat squadron
ller the mission. Then communicațion with the squadron will give
the number and type of alcraft flown and their entry and exit times.
Plolo Aircraft
Aircraft using fare drops for photo work are most often reported
simply as fares. Similarly, aircraft using strobes to illuminate ticir
target, sluch may work at either low or high altitudes, are reported
as a series of evenly spaced flashes. Duration of theso sightings. is
usunlly less than two minutes, more frequently 30 seconds.
Infra-red photo planes have turbine generators to drive their cquip-
These make a whining noise which can be heard above the
noise of the engines. Not many agencies do this work, which is often:
classified. The planes used are rather slow, loss than 125 mph.
103
S000

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 721, "chars": 4462, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFOs
UFOS
Much of the wark is done early in the morning, with landing lights
on becauso af the low altitudes Bowa.
Advertising Aircraft
Planes towing targets or banners during daylight hours are not
usually misinterpreted unless they remain at such a distance that
the observer cannot distinguish the tow vehicle and sign. Frequently
in such cases the reports are accompanied by drawings picturing the
enred banner as part of the UFO. Duration is longer than for
other aircralt sightings, and the fight generally includes mancuvers.
The frequently used loud speaker would presumably not be leard
unless the flight were close enough for correct identification. Local
insustigalors can check for liese aircraft, since FAA regulations re-
quire a permie for such lights.
sion the sign lights have been mistaken for windows of a much larger
craft. Flights are rulativcly slow, characteristically maneuvering back
and forth in one area. One usually operates over the same area for
more than one day and can be vited on successive unghts, wealher
:,permitting
Helicopters
Motion slay, may or may not hover. It necds to be far enougl
: asray from the observer to escape daylight identification.. It may be
reported as a black speck moving back and forth, up and down.
During the nighe weird effects can be caused by the red rolling
beacon fashing through the canopy, Motion will be erratic if the
fight inchides hovering. Positive identification is usually simple to
obtain by checking the light schedules of militasy and civilian heli-
copters in the area.
Balloons
Flight characteristics here are affected by metcornlogical factors.
• Wind data is obtained from the Weather Bureau. An Air Weather
Service linison offery assists in evaliating the metcorological chita.
• Lov-level wealer balloons are described in sightings as round or
nval, acersionally oblong. The flight may be reported as hovering.
rising, rig-zag, or erratic, but the object must be moving will eins
104
галокві
wind. It will he picked up by radar only if a radar rollector is
altached. A freyumk time for sightings is at dusk, before the halloon
disappears into carth's shadow. It is rarcly sighted at night: its small
white lights are nor visible to ground obseryers from above 10,000
feet without optical nids. The sigliting from planes is usually very
brict, and on occasion even experienced pilots have attribured unuscal
motion to balloons.
An upper-nir balloon may he described as round or oral, usually
silver during the day and orange at dusk. It will appear stationary
or in slow motion. Actually, it moves with prevailing winds at the
altitucla-six months to the east ind six to the west. Il will probably
be picked up on relat and remain in the area long enough to be
iclentified by nireraft scrambled or diverted for this purpose. Sullen
disappeararior is to he expected at dusk, and may be rsportad as a
emoning off into space. The sun's reflection ehroughs foldod passels
can give amusual flashing effects.
Every effort is made to pin 1o a
sperific launchs any reports attriburable to upper-alr ballnons; this
practice has assisted the scientific community in recorering some of
them.
Upper air resrarch balloons are launched by military and civilian
agencies for cosmic ray and other studies. These are about 100 feet
in eliamelin, usually of polyetigiene. they con be programmed to
Hy at various altitudes between 60,000 and 125,000 feet or higher.
Their appearance may vary with the enuipment suspended below nni
other alfachments, but rhat is visible from the ground without optical
ails is generally the same for all. The speed will wary with the wind,
from lovering in the same arca for some days up to 200 sapli in jut
strtams.
Ae night she balloon will descend as the gas conls and the
next day go back up to the programmed altitude, It tisually carrics
a radio beacon which is followed by tracking stations, as well as
running lights and radar reflectors. Occasionally, multiple balloons
are used to carry heary equipment. Pilots scrambled to check on
this kind of balloon cannot reach its altitude bur can get close enough
to identify it. At dawn the balloon may appenr rudenly, as it
moves into sunlight, and sinilarly disappear at dusk.
Earth Satellitcs
In order for a rsport to be evaluated as deriving from an artificial
salcllite, the following criteria must be met: (1) Time of sighting
must be at night and at such an hour that the velikle can reflect the
105
000

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 640, "chars": 4145, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UtO:
(2) Object should resemble a sier in visual characteristics.
(3) Direction of flight can have a westerly component unly in thie
case of retrograde satellites. (4) Duration (considering the degrees
of are through which the object is observed) must be consistent with
satellite orbital velocities.
Satellitcs are normally reported as star-like moving lights, most
frequently white but occasionally yellow, green, blue, orange, and
even redl. Motion may be steacly, hesilating, or zig-zag: portions of
the flight may be seen as lovering or stationary. The path may be
reported straight or arching, and a turn may be ascribed to it at
Te the mach may
the beginning or end of the blight. The object may appear or dis.
appear suddenly. The speed should be about 15° of arc per minute,
the average duration three to six minutes.
When a known saillite has a flight pash over the observer's arca
as the time of the report (only Echo and Pegasus schedules are
sereenca), and she above considerations are fulfilled, the sighting is
evnluated as of thar specific chicle. There are more than 30 satel-
lifes in orbit visible to the naked eye. When a reported object
does not correspond with Eclo or Pegasus passages hut displays the
required characteristics, it is then evalualed as a probable or possible
satellite.
Astronomical Evenis
The most common UFO reports are of astronomical sightings-
bright stars, plancts, comets, fireballs, meteors,
auroral streamsts,
and other celestial bodies. When observed througls haze, light fog.
moring clours, or ciher cliscurations or unusual conditions, the
planets, especially Venus, Jupiter, and Mars, have ben reported as
UFOs. Stellar mirages are also a source of astronomical reports.
Other Categories
There are three other classifications used for UFO reports. An
Insufficient Data category takes care of those in whicis one or more
elements of information essential for the evaluation are missing-
for example the curation of the sighting, the date, time, location, or
position in the sky, incather conditions, and the manner of appear.
ance or disappearance. If there is any indication that such a sight-
ing may lie important from the viewpoint of security, scientific or
declinical viluc, or public interest, every attempt is made to obtain
106
errreme
UFOS
the additional information necessary before placing the report
this category.
mother category is a calch-all labcled Ulhe
It includes missiles,
cucctions, mirages, scarchiights, birds, diles, spurious radar indici
tions, hoaxes, firervorks, and flares.
And finally, a sighting is considered emidentified when a report
orate description at to de correlated o stages old of
phenomenon.
Through 1065, 10,147 UFO reports had been disposed of and
classified in one or another of the seven categories, In 1964, a
fairly average ycar, the figures wero as follow's:
Antronomical ..
Aircruft .
123
78
Balloan
Insufficient Date
Other
Satellite
UnidentiBed
Total
142
19
862
Policeman's Лсроть
One intriguing, classic case of the 19 listed abovo as unidentiled
will also illustrate how widely government agencies, industrial Arms,
and individuals cooperate in the UFO project.
On 21 April 1984 at approximately 1745 hours, & Socorro, New
Mexico, police officer, Lonnie Zamora, was headed south chasing a
spreding automobile when he suddenly heard a roar and sas a
flame in the sty lo the southivest. He decided to les the speeder
go in faver of investigating the flame, because there was a dynamite
shack.in that area and it might have blowm up, He turned right
onto a gravel road that ran by the shack.
is he was driving slowly along the road, Zamora saw above e steep
Lid just ahead a funnel-shaped fame, bluish and sort of orange.
The base of the flame was hidden behind the hill; there was no smoke
connected with it, Ile had trouble getting the cor to the top of the
hill because of loose gravel; he had to try thrce times before he made
it. As he reached the top of the bill he saw a shiny object to'the -
south, this side of the dynamite shack, about 150-200 yards sway.!
Is was off the road to the left in an arroyo, and at first glance le
107
•::

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 941, "chars": 5403, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFOS
-looked like a car turned over; but siren he drove closer, it appeared
1o be aluminum color, not chrome, and oval-sbaped like a footbill.
*' Zimora drove abont 50 fect along the hill crest, radioing back 10
t:.
the sherif's uffice,
"10-11 (accident), I'll be 10-6 [busy out of the
(ar) checking a wreck down in the arroyo." From this point, seated
in th, car, he could not see the object over the euge of the hill.
As hie stopped the car, he was still talking on the racin, and wanle
was getting out he dropped the mikc
He picked it up and
put 1 back and started down toward the object.
Just then he heard a very loud roar, not exactly like a blast but
not steady like a jet engine.
It was of losy frequency at first and
• * then became higher.
At the same time he saw a light blue flame,
* sort of orange at the bottom.
Zamora believes this flame came from
underside of the object; he could see no smoke but some dust
orcinity, He panicked; he thought the object was going to
In his on words (with slight rearrangements for the sake
Hit in
saw flame am heard mar,... ran away from object but did fur
Job/est. Objeer was C In shope, It wis snoosh-m windows
raj startes, it was still on or ncar groundl. Noted red lettering
1. Insignia was about 2% inches high and about 3 inches
"midille of object, like OO).
Object still like aluminum
leg on car-back fender area. Car facing southwest.
...
un, glasses fell off, kept running to north, with car hetween
I furss I had run about 25 foet when i glinerd back and
op Mrise to about level of car, about 20 to 25 feet, fires.
Tixsli.
seans when object stare to rise and I glancer back.
*. •
"lineally over the place where it rose from.
• film) about 50 feet frun car I clucked down, just
Grif slapped because i did not hear the ross, I ivas
nd I had planned to continue running clown the hill. I lumed
"offort and at the same time prut my head toward grourel.
air imith any anns.
When the roar stopped, heard a sharp
'the wiline lasted maybe a sccond. Then there was complite
I lifted up my head and saw the object going away from no
al airrtinn...
It did not come any closer los me.
It appeand in
dof lin an at same height-possibly 10 to 15 fest from groumi,
Hatrel tim olymanulte shack by about thrue foet. Shack about eigt fert
FUbiot-was fravyling very fast. Is scemeù in rise up, and take off in-
" to my car and as I ran back, I kept an eyo on the object. I pichiel
sun flinun, fol ino the car, anal racined to Nep Lapes, radio operator.
out ten window, in see If you could too an object, He asked, what is it
UFOs
REFLOWE
I answercu, it lunka like a bulloon, I cont koma lí loe an it..
If Sep Inker: :
out his window, which fuces nosth, he couldne have sion it. I did not tell fun
At the moment which winda. t.i font out of.
As I was calling Nep, I could still me uhjest The object scenter to lift ap
slowly, and in get small in tine detence orry fare, It second to fuse clear the
Box Canyon or Mile Canyon Mountain, Ie dissppeared as it went nost the
mountala.
Ii had no fume whatsoser an it was trustling over the ground, and
no smoto or noise.
Feeling In good health. Last drink-two or thirce keyss-Has orer a month
ngo. Noted no odors.
Noted no sounds other than describral.
Cave direction
to Nep Inpes at racio and to Sergeant NS Chares fof Nerr Mexico state polico
at Socorro, to get there.
IVent down to where the object had been, and I noted
the brush was burning in several places. ... I got my pen and drew a picture
of the insignia on the obicct. ...
Then Sal. Chaves came up, asked me what the troublo was because I was
mycilling and lu full me ihat I was white, very pale. I astril the Sat. to sco
whid I saw and dice was the hurning brush.
Thun Sgt. Chairs and I went to
the spox and 5gr, Chares pointed our the tracks.
When I fat sair the object (when I thought it might he a car) I saw what
appeared to lie dia legs of some lype from the object da cha grount. Al the
tine, I didne pay much attention lo... the two lers. The luo lou were at
the bottom of the object, slimled outwards to the ground. The obfect might
have been about thres and a half feel from the ground at that time....
Diagnosis: Unsolved
There is no doubt that Lonnie Zamora saur an object which Icft
quite an inpression on his. There is also no question about Zamora's
relinbility.
Ile is n serious police officer, a pillor of his church, and
a man well versed in reengnizing airborne vehicles in his area.
is puzzled by what he sisy, and frankly, so nre ave. This is the
best-documented case on record, and still ive have been unable, in:
spite of thorough investigation, to find the vehicle or other stimulus
that seared Zamora to the point of panic.
During the course of the investigation and immediately thercafter,
everything that was humanly possible to verify avas checked. Macia.
tion in the landing area was checked with Gelger counters from
Kirtland AFB. The Ilolloman AFB Balloon Control Center mas
checked for balloon activity.
All local stations and Air Force hases
vere checked for release of weather balloons. Helicopter activity
was checked throughout the state of Nor Mexic. Coverment and
private aircraft were checked. The reconnaissance division in the
Pentagon was checked. The White Ilouse Command Post wns:
checked.
• The Commander at Holloman AFD was intervimum 'it»
length about special activities from his base. Down-range controllers Ko

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 227, "chars": 1477, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SE ONLI
UFOs
at the While Sands Missile Range were intervlewed, Letters were
written to industrial companles engaged In luner vehicle rescarch
activity. The companies were extremely cooperative, but 1o no avail.
The Air Force Ratcrials Laborafary analyzed soil samples from thie
landing eres.
The findings were altogether negative.
No other witnesses could
be located. There were no unidentified helicopters or aircraft in the
area. Madar installations at Holloman AFB and at Albuquerque
observed no unusual blips; but the down-tange Holloman MTI radar,
closest to Socorro, had been closed down for the day at 1600 hours.
There was no unusual meteorological ectivity, to thunderstorms;
tie weather was windy but clear.
There were no markings of any
ort in the area excent the shallow "tracks" Chaves and Zamora found
The soil analysis disclosed no forcign material. Radiation was normal
for the "tracks" and surrounding arch
Laboratory analysis of the
burned brush showed no chemicals that could have been propellant
residua
The object was traveling at approximately 120 miles per hour
when is disappeared over the mountain, according to Zamora's best
uess in fire time it t00n Not an interplanctary speed, at any rate
ind the findinas are also negative for any indication that the Socorr
UFO was of extraterrestrial origin or. that it presented a cleat to
tho securlty of the United Statcs.
110
000592
...it
эрнонимок алих
"and mies disa, vas a made do itali dimentalars mome
