{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:35:36Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 196075, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116693-department-of-the-army-january-21-1948.pdf", "source_sha256": "0cfd3697c5a3660cc318f0a95322fb183ed74feb23023c980b6345c0dc679885"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1834, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
DEPART. ENT OF TE ARY
General Staff, United States lsny
Intellizenca Division
Washington 25, D. G.
INTELLICEICE COLLECTION)
LE ORiNDUA NUMBER
* Branch/Colles on soct
il Ligon/2931/eT
21 Januer! 1948
UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT
•
OBJECT
• .
Io. The object of this memorandum is to enunciate partial anc
'continuing roquirements for information in the field of unconventional
aircraft.
• 3.8:
.. 35
GENERAL
2.
The Carman High Command indicated a definite interest in the
Horten type of Ilying wing and vare about to enbark on a rigorous can-
paign to devalop such aircraft towerd tha end of the war. i Horten
• design know as the IX which rias designated as the G0-8-229 and Go-p-
60 (night fighter) vas to bo manufactured by tha Gotha Plent. It is
reported that a contract for fifty such aircraft was planned but only
three or four were built.
This plant is now in the hands of the
Russians. A recent report indicates that the Russians are nor plan-
ning to build a fleet of 1800 Hortan VIII (six engine pusher) type
Ilying wing aireraft.
The wing span is 131 feet.
The strap-back
angle is 30 dagraes.
The Russian version is reported to be jet pro-
palled.'"
REQUIFELENTS
3. - Räquirements appoix at inclosure: F.
SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS -
4. Tha Inclosure mas preparad to insura collection action
principally In the field ol soviet activities' in the U.S.S.R.: Por-
tions, horavar, have equal application to Soviat activities outside
the U.S.S.R. and to activities of 'non-Soviet agencies and individuals
located rithin araas of responsibility of addressaes.
The inclosure
mill therefore be applied' locally both as an enunciation of specific
requirements and as a general guide for co tecting and reporting in
the subjact field.
ESE DECLASSIFIED
NND.755004
FeEL MAPS, Dale ITTATT9
2/ Gau 48
34080
apraj asle
TREARD BRITION OUTT
1.--

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 168, "chars": 1455, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
CONTROL
Replies to lu specific requiremants at inclosuro will refer
to Control Number A-191%. Rapides to athar unconventional alreraft re-
quirements till refer to othar appropriato control numbers, it any.
FOR THE DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE:
MAILED 1O, WDAS 21 JAN 19#
ENNIS
Colonel, GSC
Chief, Intelligence Group
:t:t51
• •
.. A
.:
Intelligence Roquiroments -
Unconventional Aircreft
DISTRIBUTION
:.i"
...-
• For Action
. Compendor-in-Chief, Fer East, APO 500, c/o Postmaster, San Frencisco,
California. (3 copies)
Cormending General, V. S. Forces, Alaska, APO 942, c/o Postnaster
Seattle, Hashington
Commanding Genoral, U. S. Forces, Austria, APO 777, g/o Postmaster,
New York, New York
Cormending General, Trieste, United States Troops, APO 290, c/o
Postmaster, Now York;
; New York
Military Attacha, American Embassy, Brusaels, Belgium
Military Attacho, American Iegation, Sofia, Bulgaria
Military Attache, Amarican Enbassy, Ottara, Canada
Military Attache, Arierican Embassy, Manking, China
Military Attache, American Embasay, Praha, Czechöslovakia
Militery Attacha, Anerican Embassy, Copenhagen, Dermerk
¡ilitary Attache, American Legation, Helsinki, Finland
illitary Attache, American Embassy, Paris, France
allitery Attache, American Embessy, Jondon, England
LiLitary Attache, American Embassy, Athens, Greece
Military Attache, American Legation, Budapast, Hungary
#litary Attache, American Enbassy, Teheran, Iran
(Cont'ra on page 3)
SECREF

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 110, "chars": 900, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
••
For Action Cont
(
#litzry Attachs, American babrasy, Begndad, Irn
¡¡litary ittaclid, inurican Erbassy, Roma, Ital,
Military Ittochu, inóricen Embagsy, Tlie Hagua, The Lutherlands
Military ittacha, Amorican Erbassy, Oslo, Norway
Bilitary attachs,
American Enbassy, Harsan, Poland
Military Attache,
American Legation, Bucharsst, Rumania
•Filiters ittache,
American Erbassy, sadrid, Spain
Illitery Attache, Amarican Logation, Stockholm, Sweden
Military attache,
fmerican Ieration, bern, Siritzerland
malitery Attache, american ambaasy, inkare, Turkay
lilitary ittacho, inerican Inbassy, roscon, U.S.S.R.
"litary Attacha, inerican Embassi, Balzrada, Iugoslevia
For Infornation
Special Asst. for Research and Intelligence, Department of Stato
Central Intelligence Agency
Chief of Naval Intelligence, Lapartment of the Navy
Direatot of Intelligence, Department of the Ait Forca (6 copies)
SECRET

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1868, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET (
1.
ILTELLIUSICE PEMBIRE BIES - UHCONVEUTIOMAL AIRCRIFT
Research and Developaent
Thad Seroen selentists had a batter-than-average knorlodgs of
thé corien brothers' vork and parspuctive thinking; wheru are
thesa sciartists now locatad, anå what is their present activity?'
Shoula ba coritacted and interrogated.
bo. That Russian factorios are building the Horten VIII dosizn?
liny ery the Russians bullding 1,800 of the Horton VIII design ?
.do that is their contenplatod tactical purposo?
shet 1s the presint activity of the furten brothers, halter and
RiGTEr?
I.
¡het is knorn of ths reorgabouts of tha 'entire Horten fanily, •
particularly the sistor? ill should be contacted and Inter-
rogated regarding any contenplatad plens or perspoctive think-
ins o: tia iorton trothura, and any intsrast shurn by tho
Russiens to davolop thair aircroft.
irs any ifforts buinz nede to dovelop tho Horton "Parabola"
er modify this configuration tu epprurinata an oval or disc?
ho: Thet is the Lorton perspectivo thinking on internal controls
or cuntruls that are ellactiva mainly by stranus of air or
gas brigineting fron vithin the eircraft to supplent con-
vattinnal axtarasl surfeca controls?
2. ControL
For eny aircraft whose snaps approbatas that of an oral, diac, or
srucar, Inforaction regerding the Iullning Items 1s requested:
a. Boundary layer control asthed by suctiun, bloming, or a com-
bination of both.
Special controls lor eilective nenaurerability at very sLor
spaads or extroraly high eltitudes.
openings eitnar in tha leading adgo top end botto» surface
that aro erployad enizfly to acconplísi boundary layer con-
tral ir fal tla purgiso ol raducing tho induced drag. Any
"eponings in the Ladin; adige should be reported and describid
sizi, etc
This Invastigation is significant to
Sata sha dias sheix e nfisurflon for Iung-rango applieation
SECRET
N

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 193, "chars": 1379, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
: 5.
• '
Approxinsto alrfoil shepo in tha center and near the tips.
e. Front viar and rest vior shapa.
3.
Items of Construction
Type of neterial, "hother retal, ferrous, non-ferrous, or ron-
metallic.
b.
Corposite or sandrich construction utilizing various combinotions
of natals, plestics, end perheps balse nood.
Unusual fabrication rathods to achieve extrana. 1ight neight and
structural stability particularly in connection rith great capac-
Ity for furl storage.
4.
Itens of Arrangement
Special provisions such es retractable donas to provido unusucl
observation, for the pilot or crar neuburs.
b. Crema number and eccornodation facilitios.
c. Pressurized cabin equipnent.
:
d. High altitude or high speed escapepent nethods.
eo. Wethods of pressurization or supercharging fron auxiliary urits
or Iron: tie prins porar plant.
Provisions for towing - especially nith short fixed bar, and for
ri-fuuling in Ilight.
Provisions for assisted taka off application.
•
Bomb bay provisions, such as dinensions, approximate location,
and unusual features regerding the opening end closing of the
doors.
Landing Gear
ao Indiento type of Landing ¿car - The ther conventional, tricycle,
multiple wisel, itc.
b.
Retractabla, and fattison festures for hend gear.
Co
d.
Provisions for tali off fron ica, snow, or rater.
Skid arrangements for either take off or landing.
:
:
:
SECRET

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 247, "chars": 1606, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6.
SECRET
Power Plant
(
Infornation is nesded regarding the propulsion systen usod in
tha aircraft.
Possiblo types of anginas that could be unployed
include:
(1) 'Rociprocating (piston typo) engine or gas turbina. Either
or both of thesa could ba used to drivo propollers of con-
vantional or special design, rotating vanes, ducted Ians,
Or compreSSOrS.
(2) Jet propulsion engines including turbo jets, rockets, ron-
jets, pulse jets, or a combination ol all 1our.
(3) Nucleer propulsion (atonio energy). ¡tonic energy anginas
Tiould probably be unliko any Iamiliar type of engine, al-..
though atonic energs might be employed in combination with
any of the above types.
Aircraft nould be charneterized by lack of fuel systens
and fuel storage place.
D. .The pover plant would Iikely bo an integral part of the air-
eralt and could possibly not be distinguished as an Item
saparato from the aircraft. Il Jet propulsion is used, largo
alr handling capacity, characterized by a large air inlet
and large oxhaust nozalo, shuuld be evidant.
The size of
entrance and exit arees would bo of intorost. It 1s possible
that the propulsive jet is governed or influenced for
control
of the aircraft. The prosence of vanes or control surfaces
in the exhaust or nathods of changing tha direction of tha
jet should be obsarved.
Ca
Infornation desired on the propulsion systers pertains to the
folloring itens:
(1) Type of poner plant or pozer plants.
(2) Genaral description.
(3) Rating (thrust, horseponer, or eir flow).
(4) Iype of fuel.
(5) Catalytic agents for super-performance or normal cruising
porar.
...
SECRET
