{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T00:33:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2180185, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116645-cia-headquarters-berlin-command-horten-brothers-flying-saucers-12-16-47.pdf", "source_sha256": "5965371f77b19d13c038dd5213ca490add7238703d510cf73ff9bcc7a190d48b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2485, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SEGRET
HEADQUARTERS BERUN COMMAND
OFFICE OF MILITARY GOVERNMENT FOR GERMANY (US)
BERLIN GERMAN
000774
7y.899-
70572
S-2 Branch
ASO IT US ARM
16 Decembe
SUBJECT: Horten Brothers (Flying Saucers)
8 Deputy Director of Intelligence
European Comnand, Frankfurt
APO 757, US Army
1520
(SOURCE: A-2)
1. The Horten brothers, Beimer and Kalter, are residing in Coott Ingen
at present.
Homeres, both of them are travelling a great deal throughout the
Ві-йоде.
Walter at present is travelling in Bararia in soarch of a suitable
Il is believed that he say bare contacted USAFE Head-"i
quarters in Wiesbaden Ior possible eracuation to the United States under "Paper
Clip". Reimer 18 presently studying advanced mathematica at the University.
of Bonn, and is about to obtain his doctor's degree. It is beliered tbat :
when his studies are completed he intends to accept a teaching position at?
the Institute Ior Technology (Technische Hochachule) in Braunschielg sometine-s
2. both brothers are exceedingly peculter and can be caril Classifled
as eccentric and individualistic. Especially is this 80 of Beimer. ‹Be. 1s €
the one who developed the theory of the flying wing and subsequently of all
the models and aircrafts built by the brothers. Malter, on the otber hand, t
is the engineer who tried to put into practice the several somewhat fantastic
ideas of his brother.
The clash of personalities resulted in a continuous ?
quarrel and friction between the two brothers. Beimer was always dereloping
new ideas which would increase the speed of the aircraft or improve its
maneuverablity; halter on the other hand was tearing down tbe fantastic ideas
of his brother by practical calculations and considerations..
3. The tro men worked together up to and including the "Horten JIT"
a flying wing intended to be a fighter dene peered with two curt susies To
(H-0Ü-R) with a performance of approximately 650 borseporer each After the
"Horten VIll mas finished, one of the usual and frequent quarrels separated ^
the two brothers temporarily. Walter went to work alone on the "Horten I",
which is a fighter plane of the flying wing design, with practically no changes
from the model VIII except for the engines. Malter substituted the Birt~a
engines with EXT jets of the type IL-004.
The plane was nade; copietay of
plymood and was furnished with a lesserschaldt 45-109 Landing Boes is att
REGRADED UNCLASSIFIED
ON 6E JUL 1994
BY CDR USAINSC.OM F01/PO
AUTH Para 1-603 DOD 5200.1R
8-8 Deg. No
J899
•96

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 552, "chars": 3454, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1...
1.
GEGRET
000777
(Itr to OLDI, SUCOW, 16 Dec 47, subject: "borten Brothere (Piriog Soucera).")
The godel of this aircraft (Horton IX) was tested extensirely in the
supersonic wind tuanel (Kach No. 1.0) of the aero-dranie testing taotitute
(Aerodynamische Versuchsanstalt), Located in Goettingen. ,
The tests. were
conducted in the late surmer of 1944 under the personal supervision of.-
Professor Bets, chief of the institute.
Betz at that time wes approcimtels
sixty years old and next to Prandtel (then sereaty-eight years old), was
considered to be the best man on aerodynamica in Germany.
Bets's attitude:
toward the flying wing is very conservative to say the loest. Besically ho
is against the design of any flying wing.
According to the official reports
about the tests, air disturbances were created on the wing tips, resulting in
air vacuums, which in turn would prevent the steering mechanian from functioning
properLy.
This seens logical as, of course, neither the allerons nor the rudder!
could properly accomplish their function in a partial vacuum created.by. eir.
disturbances and whirls...
In spite of that, two borten I's were built and tried out by a test pilot
Bugen (now living in Gettingen) at Bechlin in the fell of 1944. One of the
two pianes, piloted by anotber test pilot, developed trouble with one of the
jet engines while the pilot was trying to ascertain the maximum rate of clind.
.The-right jet engine stopped suddenly, causing the aircraft to go into an
inuediate spin and subsequent crash in which the pilot was killed. Bugen, however
mas more fortunate in putting the other ship through all the necessary paces
without the least trouble. He maintains that the maximum speed attained was
around 950 km per hour, and that there were no steering difficulties whatsoever,
and that the canger of both head and tail spins was no greater than in any other
conventionai aircrait.
After extensive tests, the Horton IX was accepted by the Geraan Air Force
as represented by Goering, who ordered inmodiate nass productfon. The first
order rent to the Gothaer Maggon Fabrik, located in Gothe (Thuringia) in r
January 1945. Goering requested that tea planes be built imediately and that
the entire factory was to conceatrate and be conrerted to the production of -
the Horten IX. The firm in question received all the plans and designs of the
ship.
In spite of this explicit order, production of the Forten II was never.
started. The technical manager of tbe firm, Bertbold, imediately upon receipt!
of the plans, submitted a number of suggestions to improve the aircraft." It t
is believed that his intention was to eliminate tbe borten brotbers as Laventore
and to modify the ship to such an extent that it woüld be nore his brain chiid
than anybody else's.
liumerous letters were exchanged betreen the High Comman
of the German 1ir Force and Dr. Bertbold, which finally were interrapted by
the armistice in lay 1945. Whea US troops occupied the town. of Gotha, the r
designs of tbe Horten I were kept in hiding and not handed over to American
military authorities. The oríginal designs in possession of the borten brotber
were hidden in a salt mine in Salzdettfurt, but the model tested by buged as
destroyed in April 1945. The original designs were recorered from Salsdettfurt
by British autborities in the sumer of 1945.
2
REGRADED UNCLASSIFIED
ON 6E JUL 1994
BY COR USAINSCOM F01/PO
AUTH Para 1-603 DOD 5200.1R
SHINENT
97

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 552, "chars": 3317, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
S000118
(Its to ODDI, EUCOW, 16 Dec 47, subject: "Horton Brothere (Firag Saucers)
The Horten brothere, together with Dr. Betz, Eugen and Dri Stuper i
(the test pilot of the aerodynamic institute in Gettingen), were invited to
go to England in the Late sumer of 1945 where they remained lor approximatel
nipety days.. They were interrogated and questioned about tbeis Ideas and
Bere given several problems to work on However, Beimer nas very wwilling?
to cooperate to any extent whatsoerer, unless an
immediate contract was offered
to him and his brother.
Walter, on the other hand, not being & theoretician,"..
was unable to comply and Reimer was sufficiently stuboorn not to nove a fingeri
Upon their retura to Goettingen Walter remained in contact with British authori
ties and was actually paid & salary by the British between October 1945 and April
1940, as the British contemplated but ever did offer him employment. Falter
subsequently had a final argument with his brother and the two decided to part
• Reimer then went to the univursity of Boan to obtain his degree, and lialter t
organized an engineering office in Gettingen which served as & corer firn to
keep him out of trouble with the labor authorities. Walter married Fraulein
von der Groeben, an extrenely intelligent woman, former chief secretary to dir
Force General Udet.
In the spring of 1947 Walter Horten heard about the fring wing dosten
the United States by Northrop and decided to write Northrop for employment.
He was anstered in the summer of 1947 by & letter in which Northrop pointed
out that he, himself, could not do anything to get him over to the States, but
- that he would welcome it very much if he could come to the States and take up's
employment with the firm. He reconnended that Walter shouldget in touch with
USAFE Headquarters in Mlesbaden in order to obtain the necessary a earance.
4. As can be seen from tbe abore, nost of the Hortens' work took place
in Hestern Germany. According to our source, neitber of tbe brothers ever had
any contact witi any representative of the Soviet dir Force or any other foreign:
power •
In spite of the fact that Beimer is rather disgusted with the British
for not offering him a contract, it is believed very unlikely that be has
approached the Soviet authorities in order to sell out to them. The only possibl
Link between the Horten brothers and the Soviet authorities is the fact that:
a complete eet of plans and designs were hidden at the Gothar haggon Patrik :
and the knowledge of this is known by Dr. Berthold and a number of other engineers.
It 1s possible and likely that either Berthold or any of the others having F4
knowledge of the Horten IX would have sold out to the Sorist aathorities ic Eng
one of a number of reasons. Homerer, this will be checked upon in the future, a
and it is hoped that contact with the Gothaer raggon Fabrik can be established.
5. As far as the "flying saucer" is concerned, a number of people were
contacted in order to verify whether or not any such design at any time was con-
templated or existed in the files of any German air research institute.
The is
halter Horten
YOR USAINSCOW FORP
Caand of tbe Air Force in Berlin
UTH Pera 1-603 DO 5200 if Professor bets, Sormer chief of derodynanic Institute in
Goettingea
ducen, iories test pilot

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 67, "chars": 442, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SEGREP
0407:9
All the above mentioned people contacted independently and at different tine
are very insistent on the fact that to their knowledge and belles go such f
design ever ested nor was projected by any of the German air research insti
Sany rolly
It Col
2GSC
s-2:
Telephone BERLIN 44715
Copy furnished:
Director of Intelligenco, OuGUS
(EGRADED UNCLASS FIED
ON 6° JUL 1994
BY COR USAINSCOM F01/PO
-AUTH Para 1-603 DOD 5200.1R
99
SECRET
