{"created_utc": "2026-09-14T14:17:15Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 345806, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304047558528838, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116653-brookings-report-proposed-studies-on-the-implications-of-peaceful-space-activities-march-24-1961.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540591260000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116653-brookings-report-proposed-studies-on-the-implications-of-peaceful-space-activities-march-24-1961.pdf", "source_sha256": "ceb6ca5bfc26efc189d3128067371253671f92faf8ce351a2393bb67350fdf1f"}

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                                                      House of Representatives
                                                      Committee on Science and
                                                             Astronautics
                                                      Washington, D. C.
                                                      24 March, 1961    ,.
         Honorable Qverton Brooks                         .;
         Chairman, Committee on Science and Astronautics

          Dear Mr. Chairman: .
          I am forwarding herewith. tot iortittee consideration a port on "Proposed
          Studies on the Implications!f Peaceful Space Activltie8.1t s' human Affairs."
      • This report was prepared for NASA under a contractwith The $rookiggs
      :,• Institution; it has been r8V*wed by members of the committee. staff.

         The_report.is an important 41fort of the executive branch to ccZ it.with
         section 102(c) of the Ration;l Aerotaiutits and Space Att of 1958
         gard to identification'o£ the long-range goals of the national spac`i gro-
         gram and the gaging of their effect on American society. It is` 1L
         therefore, that the study and dissemination of the report for c xdttdA
         purposes will be useful. Of course, there is no implication here
         the report necessarily reflects the views of any member of the couthitxee•
         or staff.                                         c.   of
                     Sincerely Yours,
                                                 tAhQcgs 4FDucander,
                                                 Efeutive~Director and Chief Counsel.


' SUMMARY -    ATTITUDES AND VALUES -- THBIOENERAL PUflLI       —   PABA. 4t

`,:Though intelligent or semi-intelligent life conceivably gxists elsewhere in our solar
   system, i intelligent extra-terrestrial..lIfe is.disc4wered in th        eat 20 ye4re, it
H',wilr very probably be by radio telescij* trom other. solar systems .videncoi of its,.
   existence might also be found in artiftats left'on- the moon or at:planets. The
   consequences for attitudes and value/ aVe.j4ptediateble, but.woetd ¶ry profoundly
  'Sn different ,culturea'and between giMips withtzl dbtnplex   Ciee1eq ,h 'crucial factor:'
   would be the nature of the communiektton beti4Qh'dd end the        #beings. Whether .. .
 .`or:not earth would be inspired to a all-out epre effort b ., ttth a discovery is
[moot.: ,- societies sure of their own 'place in the gpiverse. h    dieitit'egrated when con- -
I, fronted by a superior society, and othera have euivivedtven though changed. Clearly,;
   the better we can come to understand the factpra involvO4 in responding.W such cri—
   see the better prepared we will be.             .,


                    *                *                *                *
                                                                        I I
                                                                          !


          - - -Contact with Extra=terrestrials
This is from the Congressional kgaring report to         the effects
of the Zong range apace goals  og
                                  American society:'     e fottowing
are the exerpta from this 272jage ;report. which :rleaZ with the mat-
ter of contact wtthrextra-ters'estrials.       v==


            PROPOSED'STUDIES ON THE •IMPLICATIONS &.
          PEACEFUL SPACE ACTIVIj ES:FOR HUMAN AFFAIRS4.

    by .c                           with the collaboration of
    Dooald N. Michael                         Ja'Y k Baronson
                                             Raymond A. Bauer
                                           :1 Aaron .B. Nadel
                                           P Herbert A. ,Shepard
                                              Herbert E/Striber
                                              Christopher Wright


                        Prepared fore the                    s


         Natiohal Aeronautics and Space Administration
                by the Brookings 'Institution        v   .


                          24 Mdreh 1J6i


                        .REPORT OF THEN
             COMMITTEO(SCIENCE AND1ASTRONAUTICS
                U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
                   EIGHTY-SEVENTH CONGRESS
                        FIRST SESSION
         GENERAL PUBLIC   -- THE IMPLICATIONS OF A DISCOVERY OF EXTRATERRE$TRIAL LIFE:

  Recent publicity given to efforts to detect extra-terrestrial messages\via'radio tel-
  escope has ,popularized--and legitimized—speculations about the impact of such a dis-
  covery on human values.33 It is conceivable that there is semi-intelligent life in
  some part of our solar system or highly intelligent life which is not technologically
  oriented, and many cosmologists and astronomers think it very likely that there is
  intelligent life"in many other solar systems. While face-to-face meetings with it
  will not occur within the next tewnty years (unless its technology is more advanced
  than ours, qualifying it to visit earth), artifacts left at some point in time by
  these life forms might possibly be discovered by our space activities on the moon,
  Mara, or Venus. If' there"is any contact to be made within the next twenty years, it
  would be most likely by radio— which would indicate that these beings had at least
 :our own technological level.

   An individual's reactions to such a radio contact would in part:depend on his cul-
 • tural, religious, and social background, as well as on the actions ,of those he con-
   sidered authorities and leaders, and their hehanior in turn would in part dcpeud on
   their cultural, social, and religious environment.o" Th discovery unuld certainly
   be front-page news everywhere; the degree of political or so-+q1 repercusoann would
   probably depend on_leadership's interpretation of (1) its own roi.., (2) threats`to
   that role-; and=(3) national and personal opportunities to take advantaa-, of the Adis-
   ruptionor reinforcement of the attitudes and values of others. Since L2a..-ship,
   itself might have great, need to gage the direction and intensity, of publiaatti.._.iAg,
   to strengthen its own morale and for decisionmaking purposes, it would be'1ost advan-
   tageous to have more:to go on than personal opinions about the opinions o *'the gen-
   eral public and other leadership groups.                                  ~.

    The knowledge that 'life existed in other parts of the universe might lead to a greater
    unity of men on Earth, based on the "onaneas" of man or in the age-old assumption that
.' any stranger is threatening. Much would depend on what, if anything, was communicated
    between man and the' other beings: since after the. discovery there will be years of
    silence (because even the closest stafs are several light-years away, an exchange of
    radio: communication would take twice the number of light-years separating our Sun frca
    theirs), the fact that such being, existed might simply become one of the facts of
    life but probably not one calling for action.35 Whether earthmen would be inspired`
J ' to all-out space efforts by ouch a discovery is a moot question. Anthropological
    files contain many examples of such societies, sure of their place in the universe,
t',4vbich have disintegrated when they had to associate with previously unfamiliar soc-.
f'<iieties,espouaing different ideas and different lift ways; others that survived such..
    an experience usually did so,by paying the. price, in changes in values and attitudes
    and behavior.                         •
                      -
       ince intelligent life may be discovered at any time via the radio telescope research
     presently underway, and since the consequences of such a discovery are presently un-
      itec?icrable .because of=qur limited knovledge of behavior under-en gn.apprgx4.nwation
    Qf-such dramatic circumstances, two research areas can be reccoltenrd--

          Continuing studies to determine emotional and intellectual' understanding,
  _     ='and attitudes—and s'ccessive alterations of them if ,any—regarding the     "
         .possibility and consequences of discovering intelligent extra-terrestrial
      .' life.36

          Historical and empirical studies of the behavior of peoples and their
          leaders wh3g confronted with dramatic and unfamiliar events or social..
          pressures. ' Such studies might help to provide programs for meeting and
          adjusting to the implications of such a discovery. Questions ono might
          wish to answer by such studies might include: How might such information,
          under what circumstances, be presented:to or withheld from the public for
          what ends? What might be the role of"the discovering scientists or other
          decisionmakera regarding the release of the fact of discovery?
                                     FOOTNOTES
    33 See, for example, the many speculations on Project Ozma. One such: "Project
Ozma Begins Operation at National Radio Astronomy Observatory," National Science
Foundation Press Release NSF-60-120, 12 April, 1960.
   34 The positions of the major American religious denominations,, the Christian
sects, and the eastern religions on the matter of extr-terrestrial life need elucid-
ation. Consider the following:                                               4,
"The Fundamentalist (and antiecience) sects are growing apace around the.world, and
as missionary enterprises, may have schools and a good deal of literature atpched to
them. One of the important things is that, where they are active,=.they appeal to the
illiterate and semiilliterate (including, as missions, the preachers as well'as the
congregation) and can pile up a very influential following in terms of. embers. For
them, the discovery of other.,,life--rather than any other space product*would be el-
ectrifying. Since the main ones among these sects are broadly international in their
scope, and are in some places, a news source, the principal distributors of mass
media materials, an important source of value interpretation, a central social insti-
tution,'an educational institution, -SM so one some scattered studies need to. he made
both in their home centers and churches and their missions; in relation to attitudes
about space..activities and extra-terrestrials life. Additionally, because of inter-
national effects of space activities and, in the event:of its happening, of the dis-
covery of extra-terrestrial life, even though space activities are not international-
ized, it is very important to take into account other major religions. So, for ex-
ample, Buddhist priests are heavily politically engaged in Ceylon. S≥ too, in Burma,
many politically active men (including U Nu) are professedly active Buddhists. The

Burmese covoked the sixth great Buddhist Council which brought together a huge inter-
national group of Buddhist lay and ecclesiastical leaders and it seems likely that—
at least in the case of Theravada Buddhism--with the wide participation of modern ed-
ucated, politically active men, Buddhist beliefs and principals are being reinterpre-
ted. We need, and we do not have, good observations and interpretive statements
about the possible repercussions of space aetDities, etc., thr these Buddhists.!'
(Correspondence with Dr. Rhoda Matraux. The observations"are based on fieldwork with
Montserrat Anthropological Expedition, 1953-54; fieldwork in Haiti; an examination of
sectarian literature.)                                            '

If plant life or some subhutMn intelligence were found oq Mare    at
                                                                    Venus, for example,
there is on the  face of it ng good reason  to suppose these discoveries, after the or-
iginal novelty had  heen exploited  to the fullest and'warn off, would result in subst-
antial changes  in perspectivq or  philosophy in large parts of the American public, at
least any more than, let us qay, did the discovery of the coelacanth, or the panda.
It might be well that this sort of discovery would =simply not be sufficiently salient
for most people most of the time to cause any noticeable shift in philosophy or per-
spective. Ifi superintelligegce is 4tpcovered, the results become quite unpredictable:
It is possible if the intelligence of these creatures were sufficiently superior to
ours, they would choose to have little if any contact with us. Og the face of it,
there is no reason to believe that we might learn a great+deal from them, especially
if their physiology and .psychology were substantially different from ours.

It has been speculated that, of all groups, scientists and engineers might be. the
most devastated by the discovery of relatively superior creatures, since these pro-
fessions are the most clearly associated with the mastery of nature, rather than with
the understanding and expression of man. Aavanced understanding of natu;e might vit-
iate all our theories at the very least, if not also require a culture a9d perhaps a
brain inaccessible to earth scientists: Nature belongs
                                                    .,    to all creatures; but man's
aspirations,
  P                          Y, attitudes, etc.,
           r motives s history,                  are  Presumabl      proper
                                                               Y the P  P   stud Y of
man. It would also depend, of course, on how their intelligence was expressed; it
1
does not necessarily follow that they would excel technologically.
It is perhaps interesting to note that when asked what the consequences of the die-
covery of superior life would be, an audience of the Saturday Review readership
chose, for the most part, not to answer the question at all, in spite of their de-
tailed answers to many other speculative questions. Perhaps the idea is so foreign
that even this readership was bemused by it. But one can speculate, too, that the
idea of intellectnally superior creatures may be anxiety-provoking. Nor is it clear'
what would be the reactions to creatures of approximately equal and communicable in-
telligence to ours.

 What may present a particularly knotty philosophical problem, and one which would
seem most. clearly to have the potentials of profound repexcusaions for our values and
 attitudes and philosophies, could arise if we found a cre4ture whose intelligence and
-behavior, by our standards, was indeterminate to the point that we were unable to de-
cide whether or not it should be treated morally and ethically as if it were a "hu-
 man being". Certainly this could provide a continuing subject of controversy across
 and within various earth cultures; some people who had not otherwise speculated on
 these matters might gain a sense of complexity of the universe. For a convincing
 presentation of this idea, see Vercours, "You Shall Know Them", Pocket Books (1955).

On this general problem see Daniel C. Raible, "Rational Life in Outer Space?" America,
Vol. 103 (Aug 13,1960), pp. 532-535; Wolfgang Ii. Miller, "Religion in Space", Man
Among the Stars, Criterion Books, (1957), pp. 221-240; and "Oxnam Sees Space Conquest
in 175 Years", Washington Star, 4 January 1960.
   35 Professor Jiri Nehnevajsa and Albert S. Francis of Columbia University, in
April—June 1960, surveyed samples out of about 100 legislators and 100 university
students in both Brazil and Finland. These respondents were asked to indlearn which

of a series of circumstances they foresuw as changed by a series of developments, in—
cluding some in space. (In what follows the fugures are given in the ;following order:
(1) Brazilian legislators and (2) students; (3) Finnish legislators and (4) students.)
The discovery of civilized alien life was foreseen as increasing the changes for
East-West reconciliation by 15, 11, 5, and 6 percent of the respondents, and as in-
creasing the chances of a third political force by 6, 6, 11, and 20 percent of the
respondents. Increased status quo and increased liklihood of disarmament accounted
for most of the remaining scattered responses, being 2, 5, 21, and. 21 percent;;.and
5, 7, 6, and 5 percent. The remaining typaa of situations facing the world were:r,
seen as essentially unaffected by this event.
   36 A possible but not completely satisfactory means for making the possibility
"real" for many people would be ,to confront them with the present speculation& about
the I.Q. Of the porpoise and to encourage them to expand on the implications 4   this
situation. Unfortunately the semantics; of !'animal", at least for Americans,ie  such
that even a human level I.Q. would not be as threatening as a "being" which wasn't
an earth animal.
   37 Such studies would include historical reactions to hoaxes, psychic manifes-
tations, unidentified flying objects, etc. Hadley Cantrel's study ".Invasion from
Mars" (Princeton University Press, 1940), would provide a useful if limited guide in
this area. Fruitful understanding might be gained from a comparative study of
factors affecting the responses of primitive societies to exposure-,to technologically
advanced societies. Some thrived, some endnred, and some died.
