{"created_utc": "2026-09-12T07:28:48Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 254539, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304048819171170, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116694-department-of-transport.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540596540000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116694-department-of-transport.pdf", "source_sha256": "7f27cb2ae7428185c4ab4b38a68721834819c7e0dbb122e812e401aad2709888"}

gs

^   3M' -


                                                                                -
                                         ,..7i          :e~..i 7 .es o.   _e1
                                     c
                     t Mag &,
                     f;` ,
                                                                    T~


                                                    TGP SECkET                      `,~~1   ( 3 i; „''i : A i
                  • t•               DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORT
                  "Aj                    tNTRA-DCPARTMENTAL CORR£SPOfD£NCE                                       a-5o
            i
                                                                   OTTAWA, Ontario, November 21, 1950,
                                                                     .ter
        roan nu          f suuiccs                                                            QUA FILQ

                                                 Goo-Magnetics


                                                                                                           1

                }lr`i0RAN^ M TO TB2 CONTROLLER OF TELECOLfMQAICATIOP6:                             -5;    £y`r

                                For tho past several years we have been enoge3 in the study
                of 4elrlUuE HapoCtB of rEdiO h'Sa propagation.          1$& Tf:;9ri8a or iShiB       t
                yh    oienb1• have led :13 into the fielda of aurora, cczzic radiation,
                ar<:? s]t5ria  r2d10-aotivit •`; cad p^ eo-mp^letis7l.  IE. the oae9 of ceOrsgaotics
                per lnv'ss lga lo os have contributed •llttlo       to our imo7?ledse of radio szve
                pro;cg_tica•as yet, but notortheless have indicated several avenuos of
                izvcatLgation ;hichmay well be explored with profit. For exc ple, us are
                on. the track or a weans whereby the potential energy of the earth's magnetic
                field ray be abstracted and used.

                               On the basis o: tbeoretical oonsidsraticrs a sr..ell,and very
                 crcde exper x^ental wait zas constructed approki.rstely a year ago and tested
                in our Stan+.yards Laboratory. The tests were o.sentially suacessAul in that
                 surfiel*nt enfrgy vas abstracted front the earth'a.fteld to oponte a volt-
                -T.Eter, appror-wately 50 milliwatts. Although this.unit.was far Swan-being
                 selr-sustaining. it nevertheless da~onstrated th      nlm4r!e9s or tht bssi0
                 Yrin:ip;.t; in a :lualitutive wanner anti providc4 useful uata for the design
                 c. a b$ttcr unit.

                              The design has now been completed for a unit which should be
                s:.lf-sustaining and in addition provide a snail surplus or power. Such a
                tit, in addition to i•unctioning as a 'pilot power plant* should be large
                enough to por3it the study of the various reaction forces which are cxpectc&
                to develop.

                              We believe that we are on the track or something which may well
                prove to be the introduction to a new technology. The existence or a different
                t?:h1tolo;r is borne out by the investigatiohs which are hcins carried on at
                the prosent time in relation to flying saucers.

                                 .`pile in Fleshing;on attending the }!SB Ccniersne.e, two books
     -        ,     utu~u•. U1iALdsu Mlle nylny .Saucer" by F_an1: Sc'
                                                                     ..ly, and 55
the other +true Flying Saucers are Reel" by Donald Keyhoe. Both books dealt
nostly with the sightings of uiidertified objects and both books cla --n that
flying objects were of extra-torrestrial origin and misht 'ell be space ships
from another planet. Scully elated that the prelL'du ry ntudiss of
on saucer which fall into the hands of the Unites States Govoinment
indicated that they operated. on moue hitherto un1ctst roc-tic
principles. It appeared to me that our own work in geo-r..agaetics
tight well be the linl ge b:+tweea our tochsolozs and the tectmology
by which the saucers are doomed awl operatod. If it is cs~uzed that
our geo-tcgnetic irrestigctions aro in the right direction, the theory
or operation of the cancers becomes quite straigitforwar3, with an
obsorved features esplaincd•quelitatiroly- and quantitatively.

             I made distract enquiries through the Canadian E*assy
staff in Washington who were eblo to obtain for L.e the following
information;

a. The tatter is the most highly classified subject in the United
   States Government, rating higher even ?ban the 3--bomb.

b. Flying saucers exist.

c. Their nodus operandi is unborn but concentrated effort is being
   made by a nil group headed by Doctor Vannevar bush.

d. The entire matter is considered by the United States authorities
•  to be of tremendous significance.

I :sss further infortod that th5 Unite, States authorities are =nver`igating
along quite a nL+1bar of li :es itich might pc sibly bu retntci to the _uee_a
such as nsntal phenomena end I gather that they are not doing too well since
thoy indicatad that if Canada is doing anything at x11 in goo- nanetics they
would 'welcome a discussion :with suitably accredited CanaSlans.

             tithile I as not yet in a position to say that we have sal^o3_
even the first problems in gee-magnetic oner     release, I feel that the
correlation betvean our basic theory and the available information on
saucers checks too closely to be more coincidence. It is my honsst opinioa
that we are on the right track and are fairly close to at leas: some of the
answers.

             Mr. Wright, Defence Research Board liaison officer at the
Canadian iabassy in Washington, was ertrcnely anxious for me to got in touch
with Doctor Solandt, Cnairan of the Defence Research Board, to discuss with
him future investigations aloe the line of gco-ragnetic onerc release.
I do not fool that we have as yet sufficient data to plaso before De_once
Research Board ::inch Mould eusbic a program to be initiated within that
crgsnizatiou, but I do feel that further research is neceosary ea3 I would
prefer to moo it done within the frele work of our osn organization 5th,
of course, Lull co-operation and exchange of infottiation =?ith other
interested bodies.

            I discussed this matte_ fully with Doctor Solandt, Chairan of.
Defence Reaearcb Bo_rd, on Uovember 2Cth and placed before h+Im as tech
infcraeticn as I have been able to gather to date. Doctor Solendt agreed
that work.cn goosag=etie:enerr should go fornrd as rapidly as possible
co    ane onereu £zJ. co-operai_on or nis oarc in provsuina i_ooretory facilities
      acg4zition of necessary itu3s of cqui eat, and specicitted personnel for
      incidental work in the project. 1 indicated to Doctor Solandt that 1:e ti
                                                                             :ould
      prefor to keep the project within the Depsrtasnt of Transport for the tote
 Q Zj
      being until we have obtained sufficient inforraticn to permit a eoaplots
      assess.'nent of the value of the work.

                         It is therefore recoarended that a PRO TCT be sot up -within
            the rata   work cf this Section to study this problat and that the work be
            carried cn a  Fart tine basis t>atil such tine as sufficient tangible reaults
            can bo seen to    rrcnt-more-definitive  action. ._Cost of the. pro ,.in its
            initial stages are expected to be less than a few hundred do1J.ara and caa
            be carrr ed by oar Radio Standards Lab appropriation.

                        Attached hereto is a draft of terms of reference for such a
            project iAich, if authorized, will enable us to proceed v.'ith this research
            work wLtyin our ovn organization.


                                                                           (19.B. Smith)
                                                                      Senior Radio igineer

                                                                                  '11- r                  7z -p-i_ ta
                  Ohl                          C               i          r

                                        'I   VISM. 'w~L


                                                                                                         T > 3t


                               I   'H                                                               JY         .        v-

                                                                                                          uyi_~                                        _ d a"Q   < C        -
                                                                                                                                    Y
                                                                                                                                                   ~2--rns
                                                                                                                                                         l.            r    -   -/

                                         yet


                  _J_
                        L— —
                                                                                              -                     Y ~•JG      ..~                   .e
                                                                                  J                                 -                   -            ,L r


                                                                                                                                1n                               '1fl2JLc
                                                                                  f
                                                                                      S lip

                                                                                                               5                            r' .
                                                                                                                                                      - ruzr
                                                                                                                                                      vv     _
                                                                                                                                                                  __ _'`c
                                                                                  _ r                      D       - cri c ..   _                                                    V.
                                                                                              ibtl...:


                                        -_zly J    . .e    n              c

i v....,_   _           —_                         -----           — ._
    IETCBook Page 454 Friday, July 2, 1999 6;55 PM


                                Wilbur Smith Document


                                                 TOP S6CHGT                    L'hi/~ ],i u,:hS /~h
                                       DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORT
                                        IXTPL.oCPSOTMtgbat coeacsronanucc


                                                              oIV,tt, Cntorio, Noveohor p,l, 1950.


                                                              ,
                                             Goo-:!aguetioa                       __.~          (a.5t4


                                                                                          B
                    IE:1OPA1TS TO THE COYNiD'.va OP TF1.ECOt*flnRICATIotb:                  c"rly ww; P
                                                                                         ~SdBSI"~6~y
                                   For tho pent several yatra we have beat engaged in tba study
                     of vorioua erects of radio wave prrrao tioa. ma ve aries of thte
                    l;hrn_-nonn3 bate lo, w into the fields of aurora, aer_a radiation,
                    atnrapherda roiio-autdvitp god geo-rnaaretisa. In the sees or eoovasgnoties
                     our inveatigaticno hays contributed little to our niottedge or radio t ve
                    prnpnC,etion as Tat. but aovartholasa have irddanted several avenues of


4                   SrvontSgetion ; rah ray tell be explored with profit. For ertcple, tie are
                     on.tho traoh or a means ctereby the potvntiol eoergy of the earth's naguotie
                    field ray be abstracted end used.

                                  On the bands or tbeoretiral aonsidereticts a soon and very
                    crude osperineatsl ,nit ras constructed appraxirately s year ago erA tossed
                    in ear Stadzrds Laboratory. The tests were cesentie11F sueeessfa in ttot
                    auffiodest eons? vas abstracted frog the earth's.held to opartte a volt-
                    stter, epprornstely 50 ainiaatte. Altboagh this.mit eta for fraa.•being
                    calf-susteiniux. it teaertheleas dacoastrated tb. eawp4O.' or tbs basic
                    ^^' ^•'pits in a 4unlitative naan, end provided useful data for the de0iga
                    or a tatter unit.

                                 The design hoe now been wnpleted for a unit nhieh hhould be
                    a*r-suatnining and in oddities provide a rna11 surplus or power. Such a
                    unit, Sr addition to functioning as a 'pilot power plant' should be large
                    enough to porait the study of the various reaction foraoa which are expected
                    to dunlop.

                                  No believe that we are on the track or aonething which nay no11
                     prove to be the introduetion to a new technology. The existence of a different
                     tnhwolog:' Ss borno out by the inyaeticatiohs nhicb are being carried on at
                     the present tine is relation to nylon sauens.

                                   thide in ticshingtoa ottardisg the HSS Gcnferenae, two books


                                                        454


                                                        4
     IETCBook Page 456 Friday, July 2, 1999 6:55 PM                                             4
                  Extraterrestrial Contact
                                                                                                    8
         456


                                                   .o .iy1ng eeuoo-^ oy Fraei: S.ly, and
               iho other "The F1yin5~Seucers are Deal by Docald }:eyhoe. Both boats dealt
               nestly with the sightings of unidentified objoets end both books clai.•n that
               flying objeeta were of extra-terrestrial origin and night well be space ships
               fro Brother planet. Scully claimed that the prcllniuty studies of
               one saucer which foil into the heads of the Unitea Statca Cavotment
               indicated tbat they operstad on sense hitherto untcwn nupetia
               principles. It appeared to as thee our own work in Ceo-zugaaties
               night well be the linkage between our technology and the teahnology
                                              lod and operetod. If 1t is assisted tlrnt
               by which the annaars are doatC,l
               Our gea-aognetie invsstigotions aro in the right direction, the theory
               of operation or the touters becomes quite atraLPJrtferard, with all
               obnorved fcaturos ervlainad qualitativoly and quuntltntivoly.

                            I cnde discreet enquiries through the Canadian Eabsesy
               staff in Washington who ware able to obtain for no the folloaiag
               !afbr:at:oat

               a. The ratter is the most highly classified subject in the 4attod
                  States Government, ratlag higher area than the B-both.

               b. Flyiag aauee-.a caYst.

               e. Their nodue operandi is unlnonn but concentrated effort is being
                  lade by a snail group headed by Doctor yannerar Dash.

               d. The e,tire nettor Sc considered by the baited Staten authorities
                  to be of troendous significance.

               I 'nu further infonted that the United Statos anthoritisCaro !nvacP±CatLng
               along quico a nmber of iinus vhloh might pcwibly 'vu ruiut_.i to the eauoass
               such as natal phcnasem and I gather that they are not doing too wan aince
                                                                                                    0
               they Sndicutad that if Canada is doing anything at an in gee-magoetics they
               would welcome a d!scunsioa with suitably accredited Canadians.

                            llhilo I an not yet in a petition to say that we hove sol•.'od_
               area the first problems in gea-negnetic energy release, I feel that the
               corrolation between our basic theory and the available infomatioa on
               saucors cheeks too closely to be tare coinoidonee. It is ny hoassc o%nioa
               that to are on the right treat and are fairly close to at least some of the
               answers.

                              Br. Fright, Defence Bosearch 5aurd liaison officer at the
               Canadian Babassy in Fashingtcn, was extremely sarions for to to get in touch
               title. Doctor Soleadt, Chairman of the Dafcnca Research Board, to d!soans with
               hie future invesbigetions along the line of goo-nagnotic onorgy releece.
               I do not feel that we'heve as yet sufficient data to plane before Dsfcnee
               Dcacarch Board which would enable a progren to be initiated within that
               organization, but I do feel that further research is necessary and I would
               prefer to neo it done within the frarm work of our eta organization with,
               of course, full co-operation and exchange of information with other
               interested bodies.

                            I discussed this ratter fully with Doctor Solnndt, Chairan of
               Defence Reeearob Board, so 11ovcmber sort and pieced before him as such
               infcrmetion as I have been able to gather to date. Doctor Solcadt agro-d
               that wrork.sn gee-magnetic.energy ehe:ld go fornard as rapidly as possible


F7


•    4
        IBTCBook Page 457 Friday, July 2, 1999 6:55 PM


                Wilbur Smith Document                                                                        457


                   no     aaa or:area :tl.t co-oporateon or ass awry       1a provauang ieooretory rae111tiaa,
                          acgnlsltioa of neeonsar; itmis of eQuip=eat, and speeialined Personnel tar
                          incidental work in the project. 1 indiested to Dector solondt that we rould
                  3u,     protor to keen the project witbis the Dep rtnant of ?seaport tar the tine
                          being nntU. ro have obtained sufficient intonation to penait a ecn$ota
                          anacssasnt at the value of the work.

                                      It is therefore reecenended that n P301ECT be not up within
                          the fraro work cf this section to study this problct and that the work ho
                          csrrftt Cn apart tine basis until suab tine as snfticiant tangible rcnultd
                          can ho seen to warrant none definitive action. Cost of aba pao~ar.in its
                          initial ctagea ere espectod to be leas than a feu hundred dollars and can
                          be carried by our radio staadtrds lab appropflatlon.

                                      Attached haretu is a draft of terns of reference tar such a
                          project 1Lich, if authcrited, will enable us to proceed vith this reaeareh
                          work ;?hin our on organization.


                                                                     .D. salth)
                                   /         ~                Senior padio taglneai

                                                                                                  Il csh   ,,
                                 wrz/CC          a        i                           tasa[d1
                                                  w.     •


4                                                                                                                  0


8

•   4
