{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:43:01Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 921401, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116660-cia-military-unidentified-aircraft-unidentified-aircraft-repote.pdf", "source_sha256": "cf1f8f8083a04355e16d4b8a67f4820d0ba58a3584f88a2e02636e1ba8873e5c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 263, "chars": 1895, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COUNTRY
SUBJECT
HOW
PUBLISHED
WHERE
PUBLISHED
DATE
PUBLISHED
LANGUAGE
CLAL..FICATION
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
INFORMATION FROM
FOREIGN DOCUMENTS OR RADIO BROADCASTS CD NO.
REPORT NO. 0O-W-29151
--
Spain, Greece, French Morocco,. Algerla
Military - Unidentifled aircraft
DATE OF
INFORMATION
1953
DATE DIST. I| Jen 1954
Daily newspapers.
Athens, Salonica, Constantine
NO. OF PAGES 2
19 Jul = 6 Nov 1953 .
Greek, French
000280
SUPPLEMENT TO
REPORT NO.
THIS IS UNEVALUATED INFORMATION.
-
SOURCE
As indicated
UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT REPORTED OVER SPAIN, GREECE, NORTH AFRICA
"FLYING SAUCERS" REPORTED SEEN OVER SPAIN -- Athens, I Kathimerint, 19 Jul 53
Paris (Special Services) -- According to reports from Madrid, "flying
saucers" vere seen during the last few days in Lan unidentl!led area of Spain.
Witresses stated that a luminous, cireular object, emitting a red reflection
and flying like a jet plane, was seen flying noiselessly in a northwest direction.
Inhabitants of the Village of San Martin Valdeiglesias also saw a luminous,
spierical object, which disappeared toward the west after being observed for a
considerable length of time.
SEE LUMINOUS, ROCKET-SHAPED OBJECT IN SKY OVER DRAMA -- Salonica, Makedonia,
23 Alig 53
It was reported fror Drams, Greece; that a luminous, rocket-shaped object
was noted at 2225 hours on 11 August 1953 in the southeastern part of the sky
over that city. The object flew at a rather low altitude and was seen remaining
stationery in the air for 3-4 minutes, after vhich it disappeared.
SEE STRANGE FLYING OBJECT NEAR CASABLANCA -- Athens, Eleftherla, 5 Sep 53
According to a report from Qued Zem, & town southeast of Casablanca, Prench
Morocco, some of the inbabitants heard a thunderous neise on the night of 2 Sep-
1953. The next. day, two sepherds said they bad seen a flying object,
11gnted in many colors and flying at great speed.
REASED 5/9/941

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 610, "chars": 3803, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
00-W-29745
Experts Say ObJect Was Deylight Meteorite
Both the Defense Staff and the Air Staf! were working Severishly on
Friday (18 December) to solve the mystery of the '"flying lozenge."
arrived at no definite result, but the experts are mostly of the opinion
that the observed object was a daylight meteorite.
..:000283
The possibility that it'
vas a ballon or an unknown type of foreign aircraft is not raled out, bow-..
ever. The theory of a meteorite was put forth by one of the persons in
Sweden best acquainted with the region, Bertil Lindblad of the observatory 1a
'Lund.
According to Lindblad, precisely in December the earth passes a swar of
meteors known as the Geminids. The maximim occurred on 13 December. Studies
of the meteors bave shown that just at the time of day at which the object was
seen -- about 1500 hours -- the meteors are approaching the earth at an angle
of 3 degrees which means that their path is nearly parallel to the earth's
surface.
The direction of the meteors is from north to south with a dis..
placement of 17 degrees which also seems to agree with the observations made.
In space, meteors bave a speed of 36 kilometers per second, but the speed 1s
reduced very greatly when they come into the vicinity of the earth. It bas
not heretofore been possible to observe meteors during the day so it is not .
known how they look in daylight. When the earth passed the same meteor svarm
last year, a lone meteor was observed some days after the svarm had disap-
peared.
That meteor was plainly a straggler.
It was observed at night, bow-
ever, and therefore gave off a weak, red glow. It fell also at an entirely •
different angle since it was a different time of day.
Captain Killenius of the Defense Staff stared that other possible ex-
planations of the phenomenon have not been written off by any means.
sure, no Swedish balloons have been sent up, but propaganda ard weather bal-
loons have been sent up from both Germany and Denmark.
With the type.of vind
and weather prevailing in recent days, it would have been possible for a bal-
loon to have been driven over Sweden. Captain Christiernsson and his mechanic;
O11P Johansson, stated in their report that the sneed of the object approached
that of sound; however, there 1s great difficulty in judging speeds of suddenly
appearing objects, even for experienced observers. Ceptain Killenius comented
that if a balloon prior
to its observation had soared to a great altitude, it
might have lost some of its gas, giving it a flat form.
..-
In some quarters, Captain Christiernsson's report has been regarded as a
The Defense Staff, however, does not consider it a prank. Christiernsson,
on returning from anotber flight to Malmo on friday, gave heated assurances that
his report was the absolute truth. He said, "To be sure, I Joke a bit, but one
does not joke about things like this.
I saw something and reported my obserre-
tions. What it was, I do not know." (2)
Object Stated to Be Advertising Balloon
The mysterious "1lying lozenge" over Hässleholm was probably neither &
meteor nor a robot weapon, it was more likely an advertising balloon for-&
Skaane perfume firm. The object was observed at 1500 on Thursday (17 December)
and on the same day between 1200 and 1300, Director Bertil Dahlstrom of Malmi
had been up at Asphult on Linderodsaasen, some myriemeters south of Hasslebolt,
to release 30 advertising helloons.
On Saturday evening (19 December) Dahlström telephoned Dagens Nybeter's
Malmo office and said,
"With all certaiaty, It is one of our balloons which the
flyers saw.. On Thursday noon, ve sent up over 300 balloons of various colors.
Their sizes varied from 15 to 30 centimeters in diameter.
According to wast
we know from previous occasions, the balloons ought to rise 1,000 meters and
•
- 3-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1829, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
00-W.-29745
maybe st!ll higher, depending on the weather.
To each balloon vas attached an
advertisement card which the finder vas to return to the firm in Malmo in ex-
change for & bottle of cologne. Some cards have already been returned Iron
finders vith addresses in Hissleholm, so it is clear that the balloons were
000284
driven by the prevelling vinds to the place where the {lyers observed tbe mys-
terious lozenge."
As of Saturday evening, the Air Staff did not know about the Skaane bal-
loons. On the other band, the Air Staff had received a telephone call from an-
other person 1n Malmi, radio technician Lundblad. On the day before the ob-
servation (16 December), he had sent up three weather balloons of a current.
'model. The wind vas so strong and in such a direction that it 1g not 11kely
that any of the three balloons could bave remained over Skaane. Meteorologleal
balloons are from 1 to 2 meters in diameter.
the perfume advertising balloons, which are considerably smaller
tban meteorological balloons, could, through angles of refraction and radiation
of 11ght, take on the appearance and size which Captain Christiernsson reported
the object to be, is a question which cannot be answered until detailed cal-
culations are made. Very I1kely, composite photographs and other techniques
will be utilized to determine the matter.
No new observations have been reported during Saturday (19 December), and
the experts are now working with the material which came in earlier. Telepbone
calls have been received from a number of persons with new theories, some of
which will be tested. In the meantime, the balloon theory seems to have been
strengthened through the latest reports from Skaane. (3)
SOURCES
1. Dagens Nybeter, 18 Dec 53
2. Ibid., 19 Dec 53
• 3. Ibid., 20 Dec 53
- END -
LIBRARY SUBJECT & AREA CODES
