{"created_utc": "2026-09-10T02:56:59Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 213267, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304046447855575, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116617-cia-photo-analysis-of-ufo-photography-2-17-67.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540586570000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116617-cia-photo-analysis-of-ufo-photography-2-17-67.pdf", "source_sha256": "b56dcab65085ef6a04ed4f429aa6b869f0ec914722cc87cc2057b64a70641474"}

17 February 1967 .


) 40RMZ3M FOR: Director, National Photographic Interpretation Center

&JBJECT:•        Photo Analysis of UFO Photography


     1. T.is memorandum is in response to Project Humber 66120-7,
submitted by                                         requesting
that          perfcn a photo analysis of photographs imaging an
alleged UFO (i.e. unidentified flying object).

     2. The photography for this project vas supplied by the Aerial
Phenomena Office cf FTD (Trr/UFO),
                                      located at Wright-Patterson AFB,
Layton, Ohio. The photographic package included three photo enlarge-
ments of the UFO (attachments 1, 2 and 3) and one photo enlargement
of a helicopter (attachment 4). The latter was supposedly taken at
approximately the save time and from approximately the sane camera
station as were the UFO photographs. The image quality of these
four prints were less than optimum and were considered poor for
mensural and photo analysis. These four enlarged. photographs were
copies reproduced fron a second generation negative and attachments
1 and 2 were supposedly printed full format with an approximate
4"x6" image format. Attachments 3 and 4 are assured not to be
full format and were not used in this photo analysis because of
this factor.. The original., photography was taken with a Polaroid
Swinger havicg an approximate 2"x3" image format. These original
prints were not available for the photo analysis. This latter
single factor greatly hampered the analysis and prevented any
hopes of establishing meaningful answers.

     3. Also included in the photographic package were five photo-
graphs of the alleged exposure station and surrounding vicinity.
These photographs (attachment 5) were taken with a Polaroid Swinger
by Major R.N. Hyls of the USAF. He personally investigated the UFO
exposure station on the shore of :ace St. Clair, Michigan, and tried
to duplicate as closely as possible the exact position of the
original camera exposure stations. Major llyls also provided exact
measurements of the area and objects imaged in the original UFO


                                 A&EASED   i
                                               nI.f           7 e1 '
                                                (


                                                            floo~ss
SUEJECT: Photo Analysis of UFO Photography


photographs (attachments 6, T and 8). These photographs along
with the measurement sketches and investigation report provided
a means of obtaining an approximate photographic scale. This
scale value was then used to obtain approximate dimensions of the
UFO. However, to do this the photo analyst had to first make
major assumptions. These assumptions were necessary in a photo
analysis.of this type where insufficient data is available or in
doubt. If any of!these assumptions are in error the obtained
dimensions are likewise in error.

     k. The assumptions used in this photo analysis are as follows:

          a. UFO was at a distance of 0.25 miles from camera '
     station when photographed (this information supplied by
     Major Nyls in his investigation report).

          b. The measurements supplied by Major Nyls are
     correct as stated.

 <        c.   Photography shown in attachment 1 and 2 are full
 •   format.

          d. UFO photographed was circular with plane of tail
     section porpendiculz.r to camera axis.

          e. The distance between the camera station and the
     object Las large enough so that ad.justments to the camera
     focal length need not be considered.

     5. Attachment 9 represents an artists rough conception of
the UFO along with the averaged dimension obtained from the rensural
analysis of the photograph shown in attachnents 1 and 2. Acain,
the user of this information must be cautioned that the dimensions
shown here are only approximations based on assumptions. The
quality of the photography, the crude estimation of the distance
from the camera station to the oject, the lack of :original prints
and precise camera data all tend to invalidate the answers. A
good example of how the dimensions could change is illustrated by
any change in the distance of the object from the camera station.
The dimension will change in direct proportion as the .atio of any
new distance divided by the 0.25 mile distance that was used, i.e.
0.20 rile-. 0.:; ... e = C.°n; the......, caartr the new values to
be 80% of the original values.


                                2


                                                                  1
SUBJ CT: Photo Analysis of UFO Photography                ;.'000597

  • 6. In conclusion, it.ahould be noted that all of the infor-
~tion contained in this memorandum deals with quantitative or
dimensional inforantion obtained from calculations based upon a
large number of assumptions. The qualitative or subjective analysis
of the imagery is not treated because of a lack of background
knowledge on UFO imagery. This office cannot shed any light on the
authenticity of this alleged UFO from this photo analysis. There
is no definite evidence that this photography is a hoax. On .the
other hand, for one to assume that this object is a UFO is
equally as dangerous. There are too many unanswered questions to
label the probable cause of this sighting as anything but unde-
terninable. For example the degraded image quality of the heli-
copter when compared with the UFO is suspect when considered that
the helicopter was closer to camera station when photographed.
Likewise, the crispness of the edge gradient of the black band
on the UFO is good considering the distance at which the object•vau
photographed. Also, the fact that the tail section of the UFO was
photographed in each case with the same cross section exposed caste
some suspicion on the authenticity of the UFO. However, each of
the above facts can be explained by various reasons and because of
these reasons the photo analysis of this UFO.photograph has resultc..
in inconclusive answers.
                                                                                     I.


                                                                                                  S


                                                              a.. ...


                                          +O    '


                                                                   i
                          I -• -•—.                 64
                                   -. _ .~._'

                           J3:,.                                                          I


                                                         S.


                                                                        S °    ~ r
                                                                          1_ if7
    !_ _i   i 83__-~'                 -
•                 ~',,_

                                                                                              f


                                          ---'- 92 -


                                   Attachoent 9 to A2
