{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T16:36:16Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 71, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1708562, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116636-air-force-letter-200-5-air-technical-intelligence-center-july-25-1953.pdf", "source_sha256": "b2fbbb7a9a3613c68fa2d918b16c0a97f862bceb5351f0b7b45084b4530df8be"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 67, "chars": 357, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
OHIO

Pia

. a

rr

F

Coe ge are an a ne i aged ee edad fir 1 J than A ale il aa Tel ra ot amet HL ir te

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE

* . a ee

- 7 ae «tee

aha eee re seni PDI gg ts eens io
ee ta cee Le alias eel

7 ad an
hb a om 5 7
: “

ret, F Por
" ‘ 4, oe .
ee eta ee lee PURLS yoy

25 JULY 1953

ED ie GE EO a

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 54, "chars": 421, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
RESTRICTED
TABLE OF CONTENIS
Introduction -.-.
Section I
AFL 200-5
Section II
General ..
Section III
What Happens to a FLYOBRPT
Section IV
What You Can Do to Help -..
Section V
How to Report an Unidentified Flying Object —
Appendix I
Around Observers Information Sheet
Appendix II
Electronics Data Sheet -...
Appendix III
Airborne Observers Data Sheet
Appendix IV
Supporting Data
DESTORAREN
Page
1
1
3
8
19
33
44
50
60

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1379, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
r
•
...
RESTRICTED
INTRODUCTION
Ih1s manual is intended for use by intelligence officers, operations
officers, or anyone who may at some future date be required to subnit a
repoit of an unidentifled flying object (a FLYOBRPT).
Although the quality of reports has continued to improve, in the past
year, in many cases the data that are forwarded have been too nebulous to
be of any value for analysis. It is realized that there is only & limited
amount of specific data that can be obtained from a reported sighting, how-
ever, since the data are so scarce every possible bit of information should
be obtained.
It is belleved that this manual wIIl aid in pointing out what informa-
tion is wanted and make the collection of this information as easy and fest
as possible, The whole manual has been slanted toward obtaining the greatest
amount of data possible without greatly Increasing the workload of the report-
ing officer.
In addltion, the manual is intended to correct many misconceptions that
many persons have had as to the purpose and operations of the project. Con-
trary to many reports, the Air Force is taking a genuine interest in the
subject of Unidentified Flying Objects and Will continue Its efforts to find
a solution. The cooperation of all Air Force personnel and especially. those
making reports of sightings is needed to accomplish this goal.
1
RECTRIATED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 239, "chars": 1669, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECTION I
•
•
Air Force Letter 200-5
The basic authority placing responsibility for the investigation, reporting
and analysis of unidentified flying objects is outlined in AFL 200-5 dated
29 April 1952, subject: UnidentIfled Flying Object Reporting (Short Title:
FLYOBRPIS). This letter has received Air Force wide distribution and adherence
to the reporting procedures outlined and has been a major factor in Improving
the quality of reporting.
Paragraph 70 of AFL 200-5:
Paragraph 7c is the most important part of this letter insofar as the
office preparing a report 1a concerned. Ihe data requested represents the
necessary minimum. These requirements are to be, used only as a guide and all
Information pertinent to the observation w1ll be reported. The quality and
quantity of the investigation into the circumstances eurrounding a flying object
report are limited only by the Initlative and resourcefulness of the preparing
officer. More on this subject will be covered in Section V, "How to Report
an Unidentifled Flying Object".
What Reports Should be Forvarded:
• The second sentence of paragraph 1 of AFL 200-5 states: "All Incidents
observed by Air Force personnel or received at any All Force Installation
from a civilian source will be reported . . ....." Ihis, however, does
not nean that the officer receiving such reports cannot make a preliminary
evaluation and determine which reports should be forwarded. In making this
preliminary evaluation, the content of the report and the source should be
considered. In considering these Items the accuracy of the reported observa-
tions, the source's ability as an observer, the amount of details observed,
I

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 219, "chars": 1466, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
etc., should be taken into account. Reports that do not contain a complete
deacription of the incident are of little value for analysis.
Courtesy in Accepting Reports:
In all Inatances, no matter who is making a report, extreme courtesy
should be shown the person making the report. Certain cases have been reported
where civilians conscientiously bellering they were helping the Air Force,
reported a "flying saucer" only to receive very discourteous treatmeut.
should always be remembered that every effort should be made to maintain good
public relations between military and civilians no matter how the reporting
officer Ieels about such reports.
IE & FLYOBRPT is "Solved":
If in the Investigation of a FLYOBRPT the investigating officer should
obtain data that allows him positively to Identify a reported object, no initlal
wire report need be filed since AFL 200-5 pertains only to Unidentified Flying
Objects. Hovever, If the Identification is made after the initlal wire report
1s made, ATIC should be immediately notified by wire as to the Identification.
Alr Force Form 112:
There have been instances when a written report was delayed for several
weeks because no Alr Force Form 112's were available. Whenever possible,
Form 112's should be used to transmit weltten reports, however, If the forms
ate not available and they cannot be obtained in a reasonably short perlod of
tine, a vritten report can be forwarded In letter form transmittal.
:
:
(
•
2

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 234, "chars": 1627, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
•
•
-
•
"SECTION II
General
Since 1947, the United States Air Force has been taking official notice
of reports of so-called "flying saucers", since the reports have Indicated,
and continue to indicate, that the problem ia related to the Alr Force respon-
sibility for the aerial defense of the United States. The necessity for this
action 1e apparent when one considers that rapid, positive Identification 1s
the second phase of the four steps of defense: detectlon, identification,
interception, and destruction.
The Definition of an "Unidentified Flying Object":
It 15 impossible to define accurately the term "flying saucer" or uniden-
tlfied Ilying object. For all practical purposes the term may be applied to
any airborne object which by performance, aerodynamic characteristics, or
unusual features fail to contorm with presently krown aircraft or missile
types, and cannot be identified as a knom object or phenomena (1.e., known
objects being
; defined as balloons, aircraft, etc.). Naturally this definition
places a burden upon the observer; an object which to an experienced pilot 1a
expleinable may be a "Ilying saucer" to a houserife.
Project Started in 1947:
The Air Force commenced the investigation of unidentified flying objects
In the fall of 1947. By 27 December 1949, 375 reported sightings had been
investigated, and the Air Force announded Its findings. At that time the
evidence indicated, as It still does, that the majority of reports can be
accounted for as misinterpretations of conventional objects, while a snaller
• percentage can be attributed to a mila form of hysteria, meteorological and
3

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 243, "chars": 1722, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
astronomical phenomena, light aberrations, hoaxes, or any combination of these
Items. There remain, however, & significant number of unexplained sightings
by rellable persons, one reason why the Air Force has continued Its investi-
gation. These unexplained sightings have been termed "Incredible reports by
credible people",
i
The Responsibility for FLYOBRPT Investigations:
The responsibllity for the investigation of unidentified Ilying objects
has been delegated to the Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC), a Ilela
activity of the Directorate of Intelligence, Headquarters USAF. ATIC has
established "Project Blue Book" Ior this purpose.
An "Unknown":
Many questions arlse as to what exactly constitutes an unerplained sighting.
An unexplained sighting, or a sighting that is classifled as "unknown", is a
comparatively well documented and investigated report from a reliable person
or persons whose integrity in making the report cannot be questloned, and in
which the reported object cannot be Identified as a misinterpretation of a
know object or phenomens. This does not mean that all reports carried as
unknown represent some actual unknown aircraft or controlled vehicle in the
earth's atmosphere. It simply means that after a reasonable amount of study
the indicent cannot be plausibly explained. It more data on the incident
could be obtained it might have a simple explanation.
A Few Statistics:
To date (May 1953) Project Blue Book has received through military channels
and analyzed over 3,500 reports of unidentified flying objects. Inaddition,
Project Blue Book has received hundreds of letters direct from civillane. In
goneral, the data contained in these letters are too rebulous to evaluate.
4
-

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 117, "chars": 1041, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
!
:
Since 1 January 1952, Blue Book has analyzed over 2,000 reports received
through milltary channels and these have been broken down into the following
categories by percentages of the total reports:
Balloons
Iotal - 15.4%
Known
- 1.6
Posaible
9.9
Probable
= 3:9
Aircraft
Total - 15.2%
Known
- 1.5
Possible
Probable
: 6.0
6.0
Astronomical
Total - 17.8%
Known
-
6.6
Possible
7.1
Probable
• 4,1
Other
6.3%
Hoaxes
1.6%
Radar (where explanation is not obvious) • 5.8%
Insufficient Data to Evaluate
23.6%
Unknown
14-3%
As to the breakdown of types of sources making the report, the folloring
figures represent percentages received from arbitrarily categorized groups:
39.7%
stablian them an better than average obaervers)
USAF Pilots and Aircrew Members (while flying)
Airline Pilots (while flying)
Civilian Pilots (non-airline while flying)
Tover Operators (civilian and milItary)
Balloon Observers
-
• Civilian Sclentists, Engineers, etc.
Military Personnel (general)
Radar Returns
11.1%
2.0% V
• 0%
13:0%
2.5% V
30240)
24.0%.
12.5%
5
ag?!

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 267, "chars": 1739, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The percentage of military observers rose to 53 percent for the first
Ilve months of 1953 while civilian sightings dropped.
Thus far the relatively limited statlatical' approach to FLYOBRPIS hes
been worthwitle only in picking up the most general trends. For example, the
month of July every year since 1947 has been one with relatively high numbers
of Incidents. Plausible explanations of this are as numerous as MIG's In
Manchuria. Another general trend exists in the geographícal location of
eightings; these tend to concentrate in the Washington, D.C.; San Antonio,
Texas; Albuquerque, New Mexico; and San Francisco, Callfornia areas. Another
Interesting development which the statistical approach has brought out is that
a comparstively high percentage of sightings occure during the twilight hours.
The simplest explenation 1a that many people are out-of-doors at that tine, and
also at twilight, although the sun may be below the horizon, its rays are still
penetrating the upper altitude levels and any reflective surface will be very
bright against what appears to be a dark background.
As yet there seens to be no apparent pattern regarding shapes, sizes,
estlmations of velocity and altitude, course headings, or maneuvers of the
untdentified flying objects.
The Present Situation:
After much study it can be sald that the reported unidentifled flying .
objects do not pose a threat to the security of the United States. Ihere have
never been adequately substantiated evidence of any overt hostile acts and to
go a step further, there has never been any concrete evidence such as "hardware",
measured speeds, or altitudes, etc., that prove there is any type of unknown
controlled object in the skies over the United States.
1
(

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 311, "chars": 1908, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
\..
In a discussion of this phase of the subject of unidentified flying
objects, the question of interplanetary travel always arises. Could the
earth be visited by some race from outer space? Many people qualified to
answer this question will say that it is not impossible for such a thing to
happen, but there is no evidence that any reporta of an unidentified flying
object is a report of a craft from outer space.
The question then arises why is the Air Force continuing its interest in
the subject. There are two reasons: (1) as was stated before, there are
credible reports of objects that cannot be readily identified and with the
world situstion what It 1s, It 1s well to develop a system for the identifi-
cation of objects reported over the U.S. or Its foreign bases; (2) nothing
precludes the possibility that at some fiture time some radical new type of
flying object, radical in perfornance and appearance, could be developed.
A possible third reason is the fact that some of the reports might be a
description of some yet unknown natural phenomenon. Although this would have
no direct bearing on the delense of the United States, it would be of great
interest to scientists. It is interesting to note that one-hundred and filty
yeurs ago those who reported meteorites as being "stones from the sky" were
subjected to ridicule. Even when pieces of a meteorite were brought to the
French Academy of Sciences, they were analyzed as being pieces of ordinary
rock that had been strucks by 11ghtning.
Major General John A. Samlord, Director of Intelligence, sumned up the Alr
Force policy substantially as follows in a statement at the Pentagon Press Con-
gerence on 29 July 1952: "So our present course of action is to continue with
this problem to the best of our ability, giving to it the attention that we
feel It very definitely warrants. It WIll receive adequate but not frantic
attention".
7

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 254, "chars": 1681, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECTION III
What lappens to a FLYOBRPI
Most FLYOBRPTS are inftlally received at ATIC by IWX, a lesser number by
AF Form 112. Project Blue Book has developed a standing operating procedure
for handling reports. Upon receipt of a report, a Blue Book Ille clerk com-
pletes a master file card which contains the date, time, and place of the
Incident. Simultaneously he prepares an Incident folder, once again using
date and place to identlfy the report. The folder and the card next move to
the analyst. The analyst possesses a wide varlety of background material,
such as charted locations and times of all weather balloon Iaunches, tracks
of all upper air research balloons, daily weather and winds aloft observations,
etc., any of which may account for or have some bearing on s FLYERPT. The.
analyst classifies an object tentatively as a balloon, possible aircraft, etc.
In the event of a really "hot" sighting, a field trip may be made to the area
of the sighting to gather more Information and conduct reinterrogations.
Paragraph 50 of AFL 200-5 authorizes direct contact by phone, wire, mail,
of personal visit to any Zone of Interior base, Installation, or unit.
Classification of FLYORRPIS:
As was noted above, the analyst will normally tentatively classily e
report as known, probable, or possible balloon, aircraft, astronomical body,
etc., oi in some cases unknown. Blue Book uses this system to differentiate
between degrees of certainty in conclusions of reports. The following definitions
are applied to all reports:
"Was aircraft, balloon, etc.": This conclusion means that data on
known objects (i.e., balloon tracks, aircraft flights, observed meteors, etc.)
8
(
.'

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 253, "chars": 1600, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
!
were correlated with data from the sighting and there is no doubt as to the
identity of the reported object.
"Probably aircraft, balloon, ete.": •This conclusion means that a
certain percentage of the data on known objects do not correlate with the data
Irom the sighting, but there are factors that indicate that there may have been
an error in the observations of the reported object and the analyst in reasonably
sure the reported object 1s known. Many reports of "stray" or untracked balloons
¡All Into this category.
"Possibly aircrait, balloon, eta.": This conclusion means that,
there 1s very little data to substantiate the bellef that the reported object
1s a know object. However, from the description the analyst concludes that It"
1s similar to other sightings that have had known conclusions and is possibly a
known object.
"To little data to evaluate": Ihis conclusion means that the observer
could not furnish enough data on his observation upon which to base a conclusion.
In addition, the analyat does not belleve it economical in time and money to
attempt to gather more data. Many sightings by single observers of doubtful
observation powers fall into this category.
"Unknown": Ihis conclusion means that the source of the report can
be considered rellable and that. a large percentage of the data in the report
does not correlate with the characteriatics of known objects or natural
phenomena.
Theories on Natural Causes:
It can be noted here that, to date, with one exception, none of the proposed
theorles on natural causes of "Flying saucers" such as trages, inversion
9
...

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1775, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
layers, lonization, etc., have been positively proven to account for any
sighting. The exception 1s radar. It is known that certain weather conditions
can cause unusual radar returns called "anamolous propagation".
Specialists Alding Blue Book:
In addition to full-time analysts assigned to Project Blue Book, many
specialists are avallable to make their comments on selected reports. The
Electronics Branch of ATIC reviews all sightings Involving radar. An estro-
physicist is under contract to review aightings in which an astronomical body
may be Involved or hes some beariag on the sighting. A panel of scientists
and engineers from many branches of the sciences, including a paychologist,
astronomer and physicist are avallable on an "on call" basis, These are just
a few of the people Blue Book may call upon when and if the need arises. At
any time during this analysis, the reporting agency may be called upon to
furnish adaitional information.
Final Analysis:
When the final analysis of the incident folder la completed, the Information
on the file cara 1s augmented by addition of this conclusion, a brief summary of
the incident, general conments, etc. Ihis card is then reproduced in five copies
which become a cross-reference index to the type of sighting, date of sighting,
category of source, location of sighting, and conclusion. All Of this inforna-
tlon, plus certain addítional information is also transferred to an IBM card
for further statistical study.
E-86's Attempt to Intercept:
As an example of ATIC's procedures and problems, it 1s worthwhile to examine
an interesting incldent which occurred in the vicinity of Wright-Patterson Air
Force Base on 1 August 1952.
0951 €
At 15517 on that date, a ground radar station
"*.'-
.:.
....
......
10
(
-
. =

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 1916, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
-. '
located in Central Ohio picked up a track on Its screen. The unidentified
target was moving at a ground speed of 450 knots on a heading of 240°, from
a position approximately 20 miles INW of Wright-Patterson AFB. Ivo airborne
F-36's then under the ground radar's control were inmediately vectored and
sighted the object at 15552. At 15567 ground radar lost contact with the
object. The F-86's climbed to their celling and photographed the object, but
the object was still well above them. The I-86's were low on Iuel, so at
16137 they broke contact and returned to base. At this time they were about
12 miles SE of their original point of contact. Apparently the large round
object, flying well above 50,000 It., had slowed down from 450 to 40 knots and
had nearly hovered over Wright Fleld.
In the case of this report, it was relatively simple to eliminate mis-
interpreted know aircraft, birds, etc., as possibilities simply because the
object was at extreme altitude. Also, since the sighting occurred in broad
daylight, well above haze level and the object's perfornance dia not conform
to that of any known astronomical body, It was apparent that the most plausible
explanation might well be that the object was either & balloon, some freakist
weather phenomenon, or a combination of both.
The image of the UFO on the gun camera fIlms was fuzzy and indistinct,
yet it served to corroborate the two pilots' descriptions of a round, brilliant,
metallic appearing target. One of the pilots reported that as he made a gun
camera run on the object, he received a weak electronic return on his radar
gunsight. He also pointed out that the object was of a size to cover the "pip"
on his gunsight and estimated It at 12,000 to 25,000 ft. above him. Since the
gunsight of the I-86 is a range finding and measuring device, these factors
would place the diameter of the object in the neighborhood of 25-40 It.
11
•

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1793, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From other sources, ATIC next determiried that there were no. large "skyhook"
type balloons in the area at that time. However, Wright-Patterson AFB 1s sche-
auled to release rawinsonde weather balloons at 0300, 0900, 1500 and 2100Z
daily. These balloons are of a light tan latex, expand to over 20 It. In
dlameter at extreme altitudes, and carry aloft both telemetering equipment
and & radar-reflecting triangle. On this date, the weather station reported
that it launched Its scheduled 15002 rawingonde balloon at 14502. A normal
ascent rate of approximately 1,000 Ipm would put this balloon at about the
same altitude as the UFO. Simultaneously AIIC obtained the complete weather
and winds aloft data. Ihe former showed a completely normal temperature lapse
rate and there was nothing significant in the dewpoint readings. Ihese readings
extended to 55,000 ft. and winds to that altitude were generally from 260° at
about 30 knots. Computations from these figures and the track obtained indi-
cated that the weather balloon would be at 15512 perhaps twenty miles south
of the position ascribed to the UFO, but this difference could well be accounted
Ios by human error.
The factor which seemed to eliminate balloons from consideration remained
the high ground speed of the UFO, as reported by ground radar, and the fact
that the object ostensibly moved ageinst the wind, even though there were no
winds aloft observations over 55,000 ft.
• The next step was to determine whether It was possible that the pilots
saw one object, i.e., the balloon, while ground radar picked up another, in
spite of the simultaneous nature of the sighting.
This was determined to probably be the most logical explanation of the
incldent. Since no height finding equipment was used, the exact altitude of
:
(
12

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 135, "chars": 808, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the unidentifled target was unknown. The radar measured only the bearing
and range thus the target could have been at any altitude on a large segment
of a semi-circle, the radar station being at the center.
BALLOON
:
F-86 INTERCEP TORS
...
ACTUAL TARGET
"...
Figure I
How F-86'a missed the target they were vectored Into and
saw a balloon
The target could have been a fast aircraft below the F-86's and one that they
did not see. When they got to the apparent intercept point they could have
noticed the balloon above them, instead of the aircraft below them, and thought
the balloon was the object that they had been vectored into. Since the ground
radar lost the target soon after the I-86's made contact the unidentified air-
craft was not observed leaving the area. This is further brought out by the
13

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 203, "chars": 1234, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
..."
fact that the contact was broken off only 12 miles from where It started and
to a certain degree, domwind. If the object picked up on the ground radar
and the object the pilots observed were the same there would have had to be a
change In speed or maneuvers to stay in the area, Since the radar return was
tracked at 450 knots during the 18 minute chase by the I-86's It would have
traveled 165 nautical miles, actually it only traveled 12 nautical miles or
at a speed of about 40 knots If It stayed on a straight course. The pilots
did not report the object making any violent maneuvers (1.e. series of 360°
turns) to stay in the area, therefore it can be assuned that the object either
eloved down from 450 to 40 knots or was traveling at 40 knots all the time.
The wind was given as 30 knots but since the pilots could not give a pinpoint
locatioa, the error 1s reasonable. The balloon wais carrying a radar reflector,
It could very easily give a radar return on the gunsight.
From the above analysis Project Blue Book has written this incident off
as an unusual coincidence wherein aircraft were rectored into an unidentified
target only to make visual contact with & second object thus niasing their
original target.
..!
14

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1638, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECTION IV
What You Can Do To Help
The quality of FLYOBRPTS can be increased to a great extent if certain
steps are taken before a report is made. The first reconmended step is to .
estabilsh who on the base 1s responsible for reports Di UnidentIfled Flying
objects. Since AFL 200-5 states that It ls the responsibility of the Command-
ing Officer to see that all FLYOBRPIS are forwarded to the approprlate agencles,
this step usually has 'already been taken. It is wise to establish who will be
contacted during duty hours, and who will be contacted during off-duty hours.
IblE may save a lew midnight telephoné calls. Ihe base telephone operator
should be advised as to whom on the base to contact if someone calls to make
a report. Many bases have gone, so far as to publlsh this data as a base regu-
lation and have listed the UnidentIfied Flying Object number along with the fire,
ambulance, and police numbers in the phone book. In any event, the tower, opexe-
tlons, weather station and the air police detachments should be advised since
they may receive reports.
Local Radar:
Many bases now have radar of some type, elther regular search Iadar or
GCA, ASB, PAR, or storm warning radar. The officer responsible for preparing
FLYOBRPTS should find out what kind of radar is in the area and how to contact
these units in case their services are needed in & hurry. Some radar sites
may not be operational 24 hours a day, but might be operating when needed.
The radar operators should be briefed on the subject of FLYOBAPTS so they
wi11 know what data to look for and what to remember in case they receive ar
unidentified return.
•
15

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 285, "chars": 1735, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•.
Since a certain percentage of the unusual or unidentified radar tracks
• that have been reported to Blue Book have been due to weather or interference
between two radars, there is very little that an operator can do to quickly
check the possibility of a spurious signal from weather or Interference;
however, if it can be done the set should be switched from high to low beam
or vice versa. Ihis night shed some light on the cause of the target It It
ls weather. Io check Interference the frequency of the set can be changed by
20-40 megacycles, again 11 the set 18 such that the frequency can be varied.
The Control Tower:
The tower should be "read-in" on FLYOBRPI reporting. Toner operators have
the best vantage point on the base in that they have excellent visibility, are
usually on duty 24 hours a day, and can contact aircraft in the area to request
aerial observations. They usy make the initial sighting of they can be con-
tacted to verify or explain sightings that others report.
The Photo Lab:
Photo labs usually have several cameras loaded and ready to go. Admittedly,
many reported objects appear extremely small and a photo would be of little value
for the purpose of analysis. A photo, however, does substantiate the existence
of an object and can be analyzed to determine the brightness.
The Base Weather Statlon:
Jast, but not least, is the base weather station, which possesses a theodo-
Ilte, an Instrument used to measure the azimuth and elevation angles of a balloon.
In addltion, the weather station can communicate with weather stations at other
nearby air bases and request them to make theodolite readings. Il an object
can be seen from two locations that are simultaneously tracking with & theodollte,
16

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 298, "chars": 1869, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
the data they gather in the form of angles of azimuth and elevation and time .
Is equivalent to a dollar jackpot. From these data, the speed, altitude, and
approximate size can be obtained. These three features allow positive identi-
fication to be made. Although two theodolites making similar simultaneous
readings are the ultimate, data from one instrument is very helpful. No exact
triangulation can be obtained, but these data plus estimates of the angles by
other observers can be used to get a rough approximation. A theodolite also
utilizes a lov-pover teleacope which will aid in a possible identification of
the reported objects.
Triangulation:
The word "triangulation" was mentioned in conjunction with theodolite.
For those who may not be familiar with the word it simply means applying tri-
gonometry to angles that two or more observers may measure or estimate, measuring
the distance betreen these observers, and arriving at an altitude and speed
(see Figure 2). The accuracy is limited to the accuracy of the estimation of
the angles involved. Iriangulation can be accomplished without instruments
which is the reason for wanting everyone who might see an Unidentified Flying
Object to note the estimated azimuth and angular elevation. Iwo people at
separate locations can give this data, but the more obaervers the better. Their
data can be averaged out to give more accurate results.. Astronomers use these
nethods to establish the tracks of meteors. Many times a person will have no
Idea of angles but can tell you he saw the object over the tip of the fiagpole
while he was standing in front of base headquarters. By going back to the spot,
the angles can them be estinated or measured with & surveyor's transit or sextant
and compass. Establishing the position or flight path of an object in relation
to known landmarks produces helpful data.
17

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 144, "chars": 954, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BEARING LINE
BEARING LINE
AIRFIELD
AIRFIELD
If angles of eleration A and B and azimuth ongler Cand D
from true North are measured, h can be computed.
Figure 2 Irlangulation from tro locations.
Pilots:
Al Force pllots should certainly be fully briefed as to what is expected
of them. Their actions in intercepting UnidentIfled Flying Objects will be
governed, of course, by other reguistlons, but there is certalaly nothing to
prevent their attempting air-to-air photography. Also, pilots are encouraged to
attempt radio contact with Unidentified Flying Objects, utillzing all channels
and equipment. There will be no Martian dictionaries distributed for this pur-
pose, but the pilot may by this method be able to determine that the Unidentified
Flying Object is a conventional aircraft by calling, or the pilot may note an
unusual anount or kind of statie on a certala frequency which to an electronic's
specialist might be a factor in analysis.
•
18
-

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 37, "chars": 251, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
"JUST ANOTHER WEATHER BALLOON"

Conclusion:
It may be stated that the type of unidentified object reporting system
established on a base or within a unit is limited only by the initiative of -

the individual officer responsible for such reports.

i?

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 267, "chars": 1775, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECTION V
How to Report an UnidentIfled Flying Object
This section is devoted to pointing out the "whats" and "whys" of a
FLYOBRFT.
Ihe section can be divided into two parts: What information do
we need from the observer and what supporting data do we need? Supporting
datz means that data necessary, in addition to what the observer actually sat,
to ald in determining whether the reported observation was of a known abject
or phenomenon.
The Observers Questionnaire:
The data desired from the observers are given in the questionnaires that
are shown in the appendices of' this manual. Appendix I 1s a questionnaire
entitled "Ground Observers Infornation Sheet". It ls designed for persons
making & visual sighting. Appendix II, "Electronics Data Sheet", ls for
sightings involving ground radar and contains a lew technical items regard-
ing the radar set, in addltion to general questions about the sighting.
Appendix III is entitled "Alrborne Observers Data Sheet". It is designed
to obtaia data on observations of Unidentified Flying Objects that are made
from aircraft. Each question has been carefully worked out and has some
aigniflcance on the overall evaluation.
These questionnaires evolved after a considerable length of time. and
study. Early in 1951 a contract was giver to a civilian research group țo
develop a questionnaire that would include questions that people could an-
ywer from visual observations they made of an object and that would supply
Project Blue Book with data that would aid in analyzing reports of sightings.
. The past history of this project includes many different types of question-
naires; these plus all the past reports were studied by a group sf engineers,
psychologists, physicists, astronomers, etc. Several data sheets were
20
-

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 286, "chars": 1741, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
devised, used on a trial basis, studied, and again revised. The ones in the
Appendices are the final products.
Blue Book sends one of these questionnaires to anyone that reports what
is believed to be a reliable sighting. In many cases they are sent out in
response to letters received at ATIC. If a message sent in compliance with
AFL 200-5 containe the addresses of civillan observers, the data sheet 1s
1
mailed directly to them. Ihis 1s why the name and home address of all CIvil-
Lan observers should be put in the INX. In the case of military personnel,
questionnaires are sent to the agency making the report with a request that
they be completed by the observer and malled directly back to ATIC.
How You Can Use The Questionnaires:
• If you should ever have a sighting to report, you w1l1 find that by fol-
lowing the questions in the appropriate questionnaire the task of collecting
the data required for compllance with AFL 200-5 1s greatly simplified and
hastened. The information necessary for the initial IWX is in the question-
naire and the questionnaire Itself may be used as the required written report
If It is attached to an Air Force Form 112, or to a letter of transmittal,
If no AF FOrm 112 1s available.
Ihe completion of the questionnalre represents very little work on the
part of the interrogsting officer, since he can merely see that the observer
immediately gets a questionnaire, fIlls it in, and returns It. In case of an
emergency, or when It Is totally unfeasible for an observer to be personally
contacted, the data can be obtained over the telephone or by mall. All ques-
tlonnaires have been dosigned to be filled out by the observer himself,
however, and this should be done whenever possible.
21
•
•
•
•

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 230, "chars": 1438, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Extra copies of these questionnaires can be had by reproducing them In
the field or by writing directly to the Connander, Air Technical Intelligence
Center, Atin: AFOIN-ATIAI-5, Hright-Patterson Air Force Base, Onto.
Photographs:
There is one point that 1s not covered by the questionnaires and that
1s photographs. It 1s assumed that any time a photograph of the reported
object, a radar scope photo, a gun camera movie, etc., is taken it will
accompany the report.
With any type of movies or color transparency, the original f1lm should
be sent. For still photos the original negative and a print will be needed,
and with radar scope photos only the print is required.
Photographs, except radar scope photos, should be accompanied by the
following data:
1. Iype and make of camera
2. Type, focal length, and rake of lens (except on a "box camera")
3. Brand and type of film
4. Shutter speed
5. Lens opening
6. Any filters that were used
7. Was a tripod used?
Any still or movie photograph forwarded with a report will be returned
to the owner If Blue Book is so instructed by the sender. The f1lm will be
copied but It wIll not be released by the Alr Force for unclassified publication.
The rumor that the Air Force has confiscated photos in the past is not true.
Supporting Data:
As ins previously stated, supporting data are data in addition to what
the observer actually saw. It is required by Sections (6), (7), (9), and (10)
22
..

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 275, "chars": 1840, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
!
In paragraph 7e of AFL 200-5. It Includes dats on weather, aircraft in the
area, balloons, interception, or Identification action, eta. It is in ob-
taining these supporting data that many reports are "solved" by the reporting
agency.
I'he purpose of the three previously mentioned questionnaires was to gather
data from the observer. Io aid in methodically and quickly gathering the sup-
porting data, & fourth questlonnalre has been devised. This 1s shom in Appendix
IV of this manual and is entitled "Supporting Data". The data requested in this
questionnaire should accompany each report elther re-written on a Form 112, Bs -
an attachment to the Form II2, or With a letter of tranemittal.
Section (6), Paragraph 7c:
Section (6), paragraph 7C, of AFI, 200-5 states, "Weather and winds aloit "
conăitions at the time and place of sighting". Items of weather and winds aloit..
can be obtalned from the base weather office. These Items include amount of.
cloud cover, visiblIlty, winds, temperature lapse rate, and the molsture lapse.
rate. In some instances these data may not be available for the locality. near r
the sighting. In this case, data fron the closest weather station, military
or civilian, should be obtałned.
The cloud cover is reported as being a certain number of tenths coverage .
et & certaln height. There may be several layera and each should be noted.
Visibility is reported la miles.
The winds aloit are reported in knots and degrees at given Intervals of
altitude up to various heights, depending upon how high the messurements were
made. For the purpose of this project the wind at each increment of altitude
is not needed.
Data for the surface, 5,000", 10,000", 26,000', 20,000', 25,000°,
35,000", 45,000°, 55,000", 65,000", 75,000', and 100,000, IS the winds are
measured to these altitudes, WIll suffice.
23

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 218, "chars": 1357, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The lapse rates (I.e., the existing rate of decrease or Increase in ten-
perature and moisture content of the, air with increasing altitude) are impor
tant veather elements especially in sightings involving radar. It is known
that under certain general conditions (the exact conditiona are unknown) an
Inversion can cause unusual radar targets. Normally the temperature and
moisture content of the air decrease with an lacrease in altitude. At cer-
tain times, however, this is not the case and there will be a level where
there wIll be an increase vith a faln in bltitude. This 1s called an
inversion. This inversion can cause a radar bean that is normally going up-
ward relative to the earth's surface to bend down toward the ground and pick
up an object on the ground. If tibe radar operator does not recognize this
bending (called "anozalous propagatlon" or ducting effect) a ground target
can appear to be in the alt.
An Inconsistency in either the normal moisture or temperature lapse rate
can cause a spurious radar return. An inconsistency In the moisture Japse
rate, hovever, tends to be the dominant factor in anomalous propagation.
Clouds can also cause spurious radar "blips".
The effects of weather on radar are not fully known and are being con-
tinuously studled. Three examples of possible effects are show in the
following figures.
24
C
-

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 52, "chars": 310, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Figure 3 Inversion layer causes the radar beam to bend and pick up the truck
on the highway giving the appearance of a high slow-moving target.
1
Figure 4 An airborne radar can get a ground return from an inversion as
shown above. One occasion when the pilot tried to close, he nearly flew
Into the ground.
25

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 213, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Figure 5 How an inversion layer can cause interference between two stations
& great distance apart. Normally these two stations are so far apart the oper-

ators would not expect interference between the two.

26

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 283, "chars": 1832, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In addition to the bending of radar beams, the hypothesis has been
offered, with no proof, that light rays from a far distant source respond
similarly to inversion layers. Only after a large amount of data has been
obtained can either of the above phenomena be studied; consequently, there
1s a need for data on the temperature and molsture lapse rates.
These data cannot be obtalned from all weather statlons. However, Il
they are avallable they will be plotted on WBAN's 31A, 31B, and 310, the stan-
dard forms used by all weather agencies. The easiest way to forward the in-
formation is to obtain a copy of these WBAN's and attach them to the written
report. In the IWX It should be mentioned it Inversions were present and
the altitudes should be stated.
Section (7), Paragraph 7c:
Section (7), paragraph 7e, OF AFL 200-5 states that, "Any activity or
condition, meteorological oi otherwise, which night account for the sightings,"
be reported. This is a broad category and includes balloons, meteors, bright
stars, planets, and all types of natural phenomena.
As will be noted in Section II Of this manual 15.4% of all reports made
could be concluded to be reports of balloons. Of the two general classes of
balloons Jaunched In this country, the scheduled weather balloon launches and
the non-scheduled research type balloon, the weather balloons are seen in the
vast majority of the cases. A survey of 60 "cross-country" flights of the
Large "skyhook" type balloon showed that these balloons were only reported as
"flying saucers" four times. Several different types of weather balloons are
Launched by many mllitary air bases and civilian airports throughout the
United States. These balloons are scheduled to be launched either four times
per day at 03002, 09003, 15007 and 2100Z, or twice daily, at 0300Z and 1500%, '
27

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 1940, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
but may be launched up to within plus or minus one half hour of these sched-
uled tines. In certain cases, balloons are launched Irregularly fox training
or special test purposes. The weather officer or nearby civilian weather
station can give detalls as to where and when balloons are launched and
their probable flight paths. Since these balloons are tracked to obtain
winds aloft doservations, the location of the balloon can be determined for
any given time during Its flight or until it is lost. These data are also
plotted on a standard forn called a WBAN 20 and 20A and a copy of this foru
can be attached to the wrltten report. A brief description giving the exact
tilme of launch, general direction of the drift, and time of burst or when
It was lost, will satisfy the requirements for a IWX.
Data on special balloon projects such as the large "skyhook" type of' bal-
Ioon Launched by General Mills 1s difficult to get. However, ATIC has a chan-
nel to the agencies launching these balloons and can obtain the information
easier than it can be obtained in the field. An additional check on balloons
are colleges and universities located near your base. With the great inter-
est presently being shown in cosmic rays, many colleges and universities
have contracts with the government for cosmic ray research. In these re-
search projects, they may be launching small instrument-carrying balloons or
large clusters of balloons. Consequently, in your check for balloons, it
would be advisable to call the Physics Department of the local colleges and
universities to determine whether they have launched any balloons. If they
have, they can tell you the time af the balloon launch and the general path.
Balloons can tale on many appearances other than the standard spherical
shape. From certain angles in the air, they can appear to be nearly disk-
shaped. In the evening or early morning, when It is dark on the ground but
28
•
-
-
i

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 1852, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
light at the higher altitudes, they can appear to be glowing "flery" balls.
In the daytine, 1l the sun reflects off or diffuses through the balloon, it
looks like a bright star. At night a lighted bálloon (all balloons launched
during darkness carry lights) can appear to be a swiftly moving erratic light
or star.
Meteors and other astronomical bodies such as bright stars and planets
also fall into this category. There are many possible sources of Information
on meteors. If an unusually bright or outstanding meteor, or fireball, as
Large meteors are called, passes over an area the newspapers will usually
carry a story about it the next day. Local astronomers may have either heard
about an outstanding meteor or might even have seen it. Occasionally, e meteor
that 1s reported as an unidentified flying object by someone will have also
been seen by the control tover operators or alrerews flying in the area and
can be identified by them.
The location of exceptionally bright stars or planets can be quickly
checked by any navigator. If an observer can give a fairly close estimate
as to time, elevation, and azimuth these data can be checked against known
locations of astronomical bodies. It is well to keep In mind that certain
planets can be seen 1n the daytime. Recently ATIC received a report fron
Wisconsin in which an object was viewed for 6 daylight hours. A check estab-
lished the object as the bright planet Venus seen at its maximum brilliancy.
The large general category of possibilities such as ducks flying over a
drive-in theater, searchlights on clouds, bits of paper in an updraft, etc.,
are difficult to list completely. These do occur occasionally, however.
Section (9), Paragraph 7c:
Section (9), paragraph 7c, ol AFL 200-5 states that a description of the
"Interception or Identifiention Action Token" will be given.
23

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 1883, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Any interception action by aircraft will be governed by existing Air
Delense Command regulations. Such action should be reported along with the
results.
Identification action covers many aspects. Querying radar installations
in the local area as to whether they had a target at the time of the sighting
Is one phase of identification. They may have had a known track, and can
remenber it, or, as has happened, were carrying an unusual track or target
they failed to report.
If the time Lapse between & sighting and Its being reported 1s not too
great, the Ground Observer Corps can be contacted providing the organization
receiving the report has a direct channel to the GOC. They might be able to
make the identification or confirm the sighting. Ihis cross-checking between
rades, the GOC, control towers, etc., can be developed to a high degree and it
may yield results.
Data very valuable for analysis are simultaneous sightings such as from
the ground and air, air-visual and radar, ground-visual and rader, or any such
combination. Sightings such as these do occur occasionally and are always given
a great deal of attention by Project Blue Book. The first factor of such a
sighting to be checked, and often a difficult task, is to establish whether
the object was observed by all of the observers or the radar was actually
the same object in every case. The best place to start in such a check is
the time of the sighting. If all observers report that they made their obser-
vations at the same time, the flela of possibilities is narrowed down. Ihe
next step is to correlate locations. If radar says their return was first
observed at a bearing of 90° from the station traveling on a course of 180°
and a guard at the gate of the radar installation says he saw an object to the
enst and it was traveling south, there is a good chance both observed the
sane object.
30
-
(
:
!

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 311, "chars": 1891, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
•
The reporting officer should make every effort to gather data that will.
substantiate
or refute simultaneous sightings.
Section (10), Paragraph Tc:
Section (10), paragraph 76, OI AFL 200-5 states that the "Location of
any air traffic In the general area at the time of sighting" will be reported.
This section is extremely important as It is very difficult to obtain in-
formation on the location of air traffic several days after an incident has
been reported. There are many sources of information on air traffic. Base
operations can give infornation on local flight, the tower many times can give
location of local or transit aircraft, and CAl radio range stations keep 10gg
of all flights that are checked into their stations.
If there were aircraft in the area which could account for the sighting,
many times the pilots can be contacted and they will be able to tell approxi-
mately where they were flying, especially when on a local flight. These pilots
may have also seen the object or, as has happened several times before, they
may have seen the reported object and identified it and consequently they did
not make a report. Not too long ago, a serles of reports were received from
Virginia. A foration of glowing objects was reported from several locations.
This remained a mystery until a pilot contacted ATIC and told of seeing a
cluster of balloons in the area. He hadn't reported It since from the alr
he could definitely Identify the object, consequently, they were not uniden-
tified flying objects to hira. Blue Book had checked balloons, but this was
one of the cases of strays which had been lost.
Checks Vary With Iype of sighting:
The types of checks mentioned above, for aircrait, meteors, balloons, will
naturally vary with the sighting that was reported. If an object is reported
to have gone trom horizon to horizon in five ninutes, balloons are out of the.
31

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 26, "chars": 168, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
question.
Conversely, If an object is observed to have stayed in the same
location for several hours the chances of It having been a meteor are nil.
..
•
32
____
- "
(

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 76, "chars": 513, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
i
:
APPENDIX I
"Ground Observers Infornation Sheet"
The purpose of this questionnaire 1s to gather data on sightings of
unidentified Plying objects that are made by ground observers. It has been
designed for both military and civilian use.
In general, the form is self-explanatory, although the following point
should be noted:
A #4 - In this question, the coordinates should be given under
"Additional Renarks", the other part of this Item can be omitted.
The location should be as exact as posalble.
•
-
:
33
-

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 172, "chars": 1130, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Form A
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
his questionnaire hos been propared so fal you can give the U. S. Air Force as mu
formation as possible concerning the unidentified derial phenomenon thas you have observe
I. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
Hour
Minuted
Day
Month
Year
(Cirele One):
A.M
P.M.
3. Time zane:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountains
d. Pacifi
3. Othe
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
(Circlo Ona): a. Daylight Soving
b. Standard
Nearest Postal Addross
Additional remarks:
Cily or Town
Stare or Country
5. Estimate how long you saw the object.
Hours
Minuies
Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following lo indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
o. Certain
Not very su
b. Fairly certain
Just a guo
6. Whet was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): o. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
• Norace delight
c. Brighe twilight
I. Don't remember
7. IFe isow the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where won the SUN located as you loked of
Circlo One): a. In front of yo
d. To your left
• In back of yo
o. Overhead
6. To your right
I. Don't remember
34
-

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 256, "chars": 1641, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Paya?
B. IF you saw the ouject of NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAMN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.I STARS (Circle One):
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
o. Nono
a. Bright moonlight
...
b. Alew
b. Dull moonlight
-•..
• Many
c. No moonlight - pirch derk
d. Don't romembar
9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Cirele One):
a. Yos
b. No
c. Don't romember
10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of on automobile hoodlight?:
(Circle One) a, A milo or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
6. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other.
1l. Did the object:
a. Appear 'to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly spood up and rush away of any time?
*"'"c. Break up into ports or explodo?
d. Give off smoke?
o. Change bightness?
f., Change shape?
g. Flickor, throb, or pulsata?
Yes
Yes
Yer
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yos
•(Circle One for each question)
No
Don't Know
No
•No
Don't Know
Don't Know.
No
•Don't Know
No
Don't Know.
.. No
No
Don't Know
Don't Know
12. Did the object move behind something at anytimo, particularly a cloud?
(Cirelo One):
Yes
Don't Know.
• it: it movod behirid: _
• IF you answered YES, than tell what
13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes
No
Don't Know.
it moved in front of: _
IF you answered YES, than tell what
14. Did the object appoar: (Circle One):
15. Did you observe she object through any of the following?
6i Sunglosses
Yes
Yes
C.
Windshield
Yes
d. Window glass
Yes
a. Solid?
No
No
. Binoculars
No
• Telescope
1. Theodolite
No
1. Other
b. Transparent?
Yos
Yos
Yos
c. Don't Know.
No
No
No
35

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 430, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pago 3
16. Toll in a few words the following things abour the object.
a. Sound
b. Color
1. Drake piece of you l how the hang of the object or dare pederd tell fair dach any a fil
in arrow beside the drowing to show the direction the objoct was moving
• 18. The edges of the object ware:
e. Other
e. Sharply outlined
d. Don't romembor.
19. I pOET ONE bract, chen dou many rate teton the direction that they were rowling.
'36
:
(
:

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 183, "chars": 1091, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Poge 4
20. Drole pithere the il had ohite oin and the brict or both made. Plotin or the beginning
* 77.
s',
......
•
ZI. IF POSSIBLE," try to guess or estimate what the real size of ihe object was in its longest dimension.
_feel.
22. How large did the object or objects oppear as compered with one of the following objects held in the hand
and at about orm's longsh?
..:(Circle:One):
Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
hi Seedles
i. Grapafruit
1. Baskerball
k. Other -
f. Half dollor
22.1 /Circlo One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer, 1o Question 22.
o. Certain
b. Fairly certain
23. How did the obleci or objecis disoppear from viow?
24. In order that you con give os cleos a picture as possible of what you iow, mã moüla lika for you lã Imagine shar you could
construct the abjact thal you gaw.
Of whot type muterial mould you make l1? Hair lorge mould it be, and what shopa
would It have? Describe in your own words a dommon object or objects which when placed up in tho sky wauld give the
same appaaronto as the objact which you saw.
17=
37

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 230, "chars": 1540, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pagn 5
25. Where were you localed when you saw the objece? '
(Circle Ono);
o. Inside a building
b. ina car
e. Outdoors
d. In on airplane
• At set
• Other
26. Hero you (Circlo One)
a. In the business saction of a city?
b. In the residontial soction of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying noar on airfield?
a. Flying over a city?
I. Flying over open country?
I. Other
: 27. What were you doing at the time you sow the object, and how did you happen to notice i?
28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or othor vehiclo at the time, then completa the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
si East
Southeast
• Souti
• Southwas
g. Hast
ho Northwest
28,2 How fast were you moving?
miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)
Yes
No
29. Whas direction were you looking when you first sow the object? (Circle Ono)
North
b. Northeast
i Southernst
or South
i. Southwest
7. Hest
he Northwes
30. What direction wore you looking when you last sow the object? (Circle Ona)
1. North
b. Northeas
• Losi
I. Southeos
%: South
Southwest.
1 Was
I Northwes
31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was
from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
0. From true North.
b. From horizon
_ degroes.
- dogrees.
31.2 When is disappeared:
1. From true North
b. Fromhorizor
_ degrees.
_ degroos.
i
...
38
-
•

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 98, "chars": 539, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
32. In the following skoich, imagine that you are at the point shayn. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how
high the objoct was above the horizon (skyline) when you first sow il, Place a "B° on the same curvod line to
show how high the objecs was above the horizon (skyline) when you lost sow it.
BABE
33. In the following larger sketch placo on "A" al the position the object was when you first sow it, and o "B" at its
position when you last sow it, Refer lo amaller sketch as on example of how to complole the larger aketch.
39 г

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 162, "chars": 1017, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page y
34. What were the weather conditions of the time you sow the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle Ono)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scallered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
a. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
6. Moderate or heavy rair
d. Snow
o. Don't remember
35. When did you roport to some official that you had soon the objeer?
34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
• Strong wine
I. Don't romembe
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
1. Colo
» Cool
c. Harm
d. Has
o. Don't remember
Day
Month
Year
36. Has anyone else with you of the time you sow the object?
(Circle One)
Yes
36.1 IF you answored YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)
Yes
No
36.2 Ploose list their names and addressos:
- 37. Hes this the first time that you had seen an objact or objects like this?
(Circle One)
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see olher ones?
38. In your opinion what do you think'the objocs was and what might have caused it?
40

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 115, "chars": 723, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Poga 8
39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circlo Orio)
Yes
No
IF you answered YES, than what speed would you estimale?
40. Do you think you con estimate how for away from you the objact was?
(Circle One)
IF you answered YES, then how for away would you say it was?
41. Please give the following information about yoursalf:
NAME
Lest Nomo
First Nome
ADDRESS
Ciry
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job?
Age
Sex
Please Indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
e. o. Technical school
b. High school
(Type)
e. College.
f. Other special training
de Post graduate
12. Dato you comploled this questionnaire:
_m.p.t.
_feet..
Middle Name
Zone
State
Doy
Honih
Year
141

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 105, "chars": 642, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Form B
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to wrile out a short description of the event that you observed. You may 1e.
poot information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
solomants, or shatches that you beliore are important. Try to present the delails of the abserva.
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are noaded.
NAME
(Ploose Print)
(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:
SIGNATURE
DATE
•
42

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 34, "chars": 335, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
a

*
.
we * - a an
. * La Lay .
.
Poge 2
=
4
.
USAF TIS | ; oe
'
1
#
‘ 4m 1
" . aw gy nn! ", 7 er a Fi ‘ :
PTA, Bw Nap ee, “ * '
-
*
+ - ar . 4 a " ' , wie
. “ Pa 1 at ‘ ,
"
: 7
eT a re oat =a + + . . = 4 1 7 .
- a . 1 :
+ a, iW teat ” a i ao a "a Pied - t a '
" cy
* . '
.
i}
‘ .
.
+
*
Mee,
r
.
*
'
+
Pa
"
3
'
*
k
.
1
*
te .

a EE ee

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 281, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'APPENDIX II
.=-
"Electronica Data Sheet"
....
The purpose of this questionnaire is to obtain data of both a general
and technical nature on unusual radar targeta or tracks.
It 1s Important to note that If radar scope photographe are available,
they should be attained.
:
#4.-+
44

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 155, "chars": 985, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
ELECTROOUNS RADAR, SHEET
The purpons ní this querelonnaire in co proride rechnica, dare for exaluating che repare of
en unusual radar carges or track, Is is requeared ihns is be complered ne accurately an
possible.
Then nos filled in, she form is Unclassilled, The reporting offleer will use hia pun
judgemens as 1o what degree of clansification la required.
" is preferred thar she ansmers to the questions be typewrieren, borerer, if is will es
«dise the complesion of the form, she answers may be prinsed in Ink. If addirional spac
in needed, use reverse side of lorm.
I. STATION OBSERVING TARGET:
Degenlzation
Location
1. DATE TARGET OBSERVED:
Local Timo O
Doy:
- 2 Timo
Ynar
Time Locola
• Timo-Z
5. EXACT LOCATION OF STATION (COORDINATESI
&. OBSERVER DATE (LIST EACH OBSERVER):
Home
3. DATE OF THIS REPORTI
Doy
You
* NEPSA FAN OFFICER, ANIZATION OF
Rande
Dury
A.
c..
D.
E.-
* MAN MEAN AN ARE A ROME WANT A VASA SO TO ANO BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF
ATH: FOR He At VININ IS NO 84518
45

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 200, "chars": 1287, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
141=
* SO IN MANE AN ADOREST AS ADA VIENNO A VISUAL SIGHTNG AT APPROXHATELY
:.
%. RADAR SCOPE PHOTOS:
IS RADAR EQUIPPED MITH A SCORE CAMERA? -
WAS CAMERA OPERATIONAL? ...
WERE SCOPE PHOTOS TAKEN?..
10. TRACK DATA:
WHAT WAS THE NUMBER OF THE TRACKT
WAS A PERMANENT PLOT MADE OF THE TRACK AT THE TIME OF THE OBSERVATION?
"I. WERE AIRCRAFT SCRAMBLED TO INTERCEPT THE TARGET?
FSO, WERE THE AIRCRAFT BEING OBSERYED ON THE SCOPE AT THE SAM
IME AS THE TARGET'
12. WERE ANY NEARLY RADAR INSTALLATIONS QUERIED WHETHER THEY HAD OBSERVED
THE SAME TARGET OR TRACK?
IF SO, WHICH STATIONS?
MAS THE TARGET OBSERYED ON SEARCH RADAR?
IF SO, WHAT IS THE NOMENCE ATURE OF THE EOUIPMENT?
14. WAS THE TARGET OBSERVED ON HEIGHT FINDING RADART
IF SO, WHAT IS THE NOMENCLATURE OF THE EQUIPMENT?
15. HAVE THERE BEEN ANY RECENT MAINTENANCE DIFFICULTIES?
IF 50, DESCRIBE.
16.
WHAT TYPE MODULATOR (I.E., SPARK GAP, HARD TUBE, ETC.! IS USED IN THE RADAR EQUIPHENT?
17. WAS THE AF CIAUTOMATIC FREQUENCY CONTROL) CIRCUIT OPERATING PROPERLY?
COMMENTS:
-• DYES OHO
•O YES
D NO
•O YES
• NO
•-D YES D NO
• YES OND
• DYES DINO
• YES LINO
D YES LINO
Ü YES D NO
O YES
•O HO
D YES
D NO
DYES ONO
10. HAS INTERFIRENCE FROM ANOTHER RADAR SET DEEN OBSERVED RECENTLYI
COMMENTS:
O YES ONO
ATIC FAHM 1JI (HAVISI.I) 25 MOrE' 19520
46

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 176, "chars": 1144, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
19. ARE PERSONNEL FAMILIAR WITH THE EFFECTS CAUSED BY AN INTERFERING SIGNAL? I YES LINO
COMMENTS:
20. AERPERSOONEISTAPEORDAT TEA FESTS PROPAGATION PROPAGATION (DUCTING EFFECTS) AS THEY
2. MAUND CLUTTER OF AS RADAR AT SEES LIFE ERRED TO EXTEND THE RANGE OF THE
22 TAE THAN THE ARE HAS ONSED EVESE NENDING THE RANGE OF THE GROUND CLUTTER AT
COMMENTS:
23. HOW DID THE TARGET APPEAR IN SIZE AND SHAPE AS COMPAREO TO CONVENTIOMAL AIRCRAFT TARGETS?
24 PERFORMANCE OF TARGET:
•. REMAINED CONSISTENT IN SIZE
b. SPEED WAS CONSTANT
= FOLLOWED CONSISTENT TRACK
CHANGED SIZE RAPIDLY
SPEED WAS VARIABLE
d. FUZZY COMPARED TO AIRCRAFT
TARGET
D
SHARP COMPARED TO KNOWN
AIRCRAFT TARGET
u. SAME AS AIRCRAFT TARGET
25 TIME AND AT TAE SAME ANTUDE AS HE UNUSUAL TREES MAPPROXIMATELY THE SAME
IF SO, DESCRIBE.
28. WHAT TYPE INDICATORS ("'"'SCOPE, """ SCOPE, ETC.) WERE USED TO FOLLOW THE TARGET!
DESCRIBE THE SIGNAL:
27, WHAT WAS THE RADAR SCAN RATE?
26. WHAT WAS THE FREOUENCY OF THE TRANSMITTER?
29. DID ANY OF THE OBSERVERS HAVE ANY OPINIONS AS TO THE NATURE OF THE TARGET! YES ONO
IF YES, GIVE THEIR NAMES AND OPINIONS BELOW.
ATIC FORM 117 (HEVISED 23 NOV 1932)

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 50, "chars": 429, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
30. fF SCOPE PHOTOS ARE HOT AVAIL ANE, PLOT THE TARGET TRACK AS
THE TIME AND ALTITUDE (IF MEASUREU) FOR EACH romy PLOTTED,

ON THE DIAGRAM.

gee ener
-_

-
a*
a**

teem
"Tm,
F
.
ve

See
.
2

af ees
a
.
.

ATIC FORM 332 (RRVISKN 15 MUV 1933)

ACCUPATELY AS POSSIULE. GIVE
PUT THE NECESSARY RANGE SCALE

4
wa
“.
*
ny
*.
4 +
+ ‘,
.
"a “e
*., *.,
** *
. *
. *
'. " \
' '
“sy *. "s
* * *
1. + . +
* 1. * .
i} t t
+ . *

eeereraereen”

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 25, "chars": 165, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
7

NS,
3h USE THIS SHEET FOR ANY COMMENTS, OPINIONS OR ADOITIONAL DATA NOT COVERED BY THE GUESTIO

a a ii ee

. “4 aye” tae

ATIC FURY $37 (REVIERN 35 NOV 1962)

kg

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 28, "chars": 188, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
APPENDIX IIT ©

"Airborne Observers Data Sheet"

t

The purpose of this data sheet is to obtain data from observers who

make observations of unidentified flying objects from the air,

50

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 117, "chars": 749, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• AIRBORNE OBSENVER '& DATA SHEET
"...
The purpose of thie data sheet 1a tó proride data that will ald in evaluating
reports of unidentifled flying objects that are observed from aircraft in
flight.
It is Preferred that the ansvers be typewritten, hoverer, 15 it will expedite
the completion of the forn, the anovers may be printed in ink. Il additional
"space is needed, use the reverse side of the form or use extra sheets of paper
and attach then to thia forn.
1. Date observation was made:
2. Time observation was made: :
Day
Month
Year
Time
Zone
Daylight
Saring
Standard
•Z
3. Exact location of alrcraft when the observation vas firat made..
-'''
Coordinates
4. Crew sembers who made the observation. (List each one)
Mane
Rank
Crew Position
51

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 97, "chars": 656, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-.
5. Alrcraft Identification
8. Type aircraft
Do Serlal No.-
c. Home Statlon.
6. Flight Data
a. Heading
Mag
D. Ind. Altitude.
e. Ind. Alropeed.
_ Knots
Irue L Compass
L MPH
7. Was an attempt nade to detect the object on airborne radar? (Circle one)
NO.
JeB.
B. Il yes, describe.
No Radar.
Radar Inoperative.
8. Was an. Intercept attempted! (Circle one)
Yes
Ho
9. Here photographs taken?
(Circle one) Yes
No
10. Were any other aircraft seen in the area? (Cirele one) Yea
a. IS yes, was any attempt made to contact themi Comments:.
No
I1. Were any nearby ground stations contacted during of soon after the sighting?
(Circle one)
Yes
No
Comments: -
52
•
i

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 164, "chars": 1054, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(
12, Here any unusual disturbancea noted on the conpaso or xadio?.
(Circle one)
No
Compenta: .
13. Has any turbulence noted? (Circle one)
Counents:_
Yea
No
14. Estimate how long you saw the object.
Hours
Minutes
Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your
answer to Question I4.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
6. Not very sure
d. Just a guesa
Seconds
15. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle one)
a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylicht
c. Bright twilight
d. Just a trace of daylight
è: No trace of daylight :
I. Don't remember
16. Is you saw the object during daylight,
twilight, or dawn, where vas the
sun located as you looked at the object?
(Circle one)
a. In front of you
do To your leit
b. In back of you
e. Overhead
c. Io your right
I. Don't remember
17. If you saw the object at night, twilight, or dawn, what did you notice
concerning the stars and moon?
Stars (Circle one)
b. A se
A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
Moon (Circle one)
a. Bright noon 11ght
b. Dull moonlight
No noonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember
53
:

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 169, "chars": 1061, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
1l. Was thes objees brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle one)
a. les.
b. No.
c. Don't reserver.
19. Cloud cover
Clear
(circle one)
Overcast
Undercast
Between two layers
Abuve scatter clouds
below scattered clouds
Through seattered elouds
other —
20. Did the object:
Appear to stand stlll at any tine?
b.
suddenly apced up and rush away at any tine?
c.
d.
'Break up into parts or explode?
Give off awoke?
Change brightness?
Change shape?
B. Flicker, throb, or pulsatel
(Circle one fos esch question)
Yes
Yes
Ho
Don't Know
lio
Don't Know
Yea
Don"t Know
Yea
Don't Know
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
No
No
Don't Know
Don't Know
Don't Know
21. Did the object move behind something at anytime, partieularly a eloud?
(Circle une)
Yes
No
Don't Know.
Is you ansvered yes, then
tell what it moved behind.
*
22." Did the object nove in front of sonething at anytine, partieularly a
cloud! (Circle one)
Yes
Ho
Don't Know. Is you enavered yes,
then tell what it moved in front of..
23. Did the object appear: (Circle one)
c. Don't Know.
2. 5011d?
bo Transparent?
54
)
..
•
J

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 124, "chars": 773, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
24. The edges of the object vere: (Circle one)
w'di Fuzzy or blurred ":
"..''ei" Other.
b. Like a bright star
di Sharply outlined "
d. Don't renember
25. If there was more than one objoct, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they vere arranged, and put an arror to show the
-
direction that they vere treveling..
:
:
How lerge did the object or objects appear as compared with one of th
olloving object held in the hand and at about arn'a length? (Circle one
6. Pead of a pin
g. Silver dolla
pea
1. Baseball
Disse
i. Nickel
i• Grapefruit
Querter
%. Heir dollar
27. Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your anaver
to Question 26.
6: Certay certain
• Not very sur
1. Uncertals
28.
How did the object or objects disappear from view?_
55

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 243, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
29. Has thin the firet tine that you had seen an object. of objects 11ke thim?
(Circle one) , Jon
No
then when, where, and under wbat circunstances dil
30. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what alght have
caused ItT
• '
56

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 44, "chars": 268, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
in = no
31. The above is a grid representing an overlay of & local area chart. Each
he end of the first, necond, third, fourth, etc., minutes. Mark the
, B, C, D, etc. Put In prominent landmarks as necesa
Note:
If rt, forsal oped, et, etch boo dachst to transport.
5T

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 337, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
32. At each point (1.e., position at each minute) A, B, C, etc., that 1a
requested In the preceeding question, show the location of the object
in relation to the elicraft by placing en "y" on the edge of the circle
at the o'clock position and state high, lon, or level.
11
10
9
CIRCLE ONE
HICH
LEVEL
LOU
SAHE
SAME
SAME
SAHE
SAME
SAME
58

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 12, "chars": 93, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
, 33. Bries narrative account of sighting and any other additional data or
Commenta:
t* l
59

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 84, "chars": 522, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*..
APPENDIX IV
"Supporting Data"
The purpose of this check list 1s to provide a guide for the collection
of adaitional data, in addition to the facts dealing directly with a s1ghting,
needed by Project Blue Book to aid In evaluating reports of unidentifled Ily-
Ing objects.
A "negative" answer on any Item is construed to mean the item has been
thoroughly checked and 1a of no use in evaluating the sighting. It 18 ad-
visable to qualify negative answers with a statement as to what action was
taken and the resulta.
60

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 72, "chars": 448, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUPPORTING DATA
-
I. Coneral Information
1o Date of this report.
2. Date the sigitine was reported to
3. Organization and duty of the reporting officer.
Organization
Duty
lo Was any local astronomer queried as to whether any large or outstandin
reteor in the vicinity of the sighting was seen by him or reported to
(Circle one)
a. Not applicable.
bo Yes, but he knew of no meteors.
co You, there was a meteor.
IS "e"l la circled, Bive comments.
61

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 153, "chars": 938, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- ..
Did local newspapers carry any reports of large meteors or fireballs that
might have accounted for the sighting?
(Circle one)
..a. Not appIlcable.
bo Neuspapers were checked, but there was no mention of meteors.
co Yes, thern was an account of a meteor.
• If "a" is circled, rive connents.
• Here CAA radio lacilities in tle area queried about any aircratt In the are
of the sighting, near the
time of the sighting, that could account for th
report?
(Circle one)
a: Not applicable.
bo Yes, hut no know aircraft were in the area..
co Yes, aircratt were in the area.
If "e" is circled, five comments. -
7o Was the confrol tower queried to determine whether any aircraft or other
object (i.eo, meteor, balloon, elc.) could havo caused the sighting?
(Circle one)
a. Not arplicable,
..to Yes, but they could give no ald.
..eo Yes, they had seen an object that could have accounted for the sichting.
" I "C" is.circlorl, five romments._
-

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 177, "chars": 1072, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8o Has base operations querted to determine whether any aireraft were In the
area of the sighting at the time of the aighting that could aceount for
the report?
(Circle one)
8o Not applicable.
Do Yes, but there were no known aircraft in the area.
co Yes, aircraft were in the area.
Il "e" is circled, five comnenta.-
PEtence and the are obes ran cored into of the
(Circle one)
8. No radar in the area.
bo Radar in the area carried no unidentifled bracks or targets.
Co Radar in the area did carry an unknown track.
Il "c" is circled, attach an "Electronics Data Sheet".
Do This question is to be answered only Il the reporting agenoy has contact vil
ie GOC Fliter Center in the arna of the siphtinr
Did any noc observation Post report any unddentified flying object?
(Circle one)
&o No GOC In area.
Do GOG reported nothing.
co GOG roported unidentlfled Ilying object.
If "o" is circled, attach completed "Bround Observers Information Shootsi
describinp the observation.
1l. Have local newspapers recently been carrying storles on "flying saucers"?
(Circle one)
a. No
•
63

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 63, "chars": 561, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
bo Yes, a little.
co Yes, a moclerate amorit.
do Yes, a great denlo
II. Weather Data
12. Station makint: the following meteorological observations.
13. Time following observationa waro madee
Il.
Cloud Cover
CAVU
_ tenths at
_ tonths at.
_ tenths at
_ tenths at
- feet
_feet
_fect
15. Visibility
miles.
16
Thunrierstorm Activily
a.
None in the area,
bo Ilmderstorns in —
_quadranto
17. Winds
ajoft
Altitude. Diroction
Spred (Knots) Altitude Direction Speed (Knots)
Surface
35,000
5,000
45,000
10,000
55,000
15,000
65,000
20,000
75,000
25,0:00
100,000
64
(
(
-
-

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 218, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
18.

+

Temperature and moisture lapse rate. (Note: In this space plot the variation
in the temperature and moisture content of the air vs. altitudes In lieu of
this plot, WHAN's 31A, 318, 31C may be attachnd. ) ,

65

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 80, "chars": 470, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
III. Balloon Data
19. Balloon Launch Data
(Circle one IS appropriate)
do Not applicabie
Do No balloons launched within 25 miles.
Location of
Definite Lost Before
Was Balloon
Time of
Launch
Burst Rec.
Burst
Time Lost
Lighted?
Inunch
(Coordinates)
(Circle one) (Circle one) or Burat (Circle ono)
ao
_Yes No
Yes No
- 7
Yes No
_7
i too mo
Tes No
Ies No
_Yes No
Yes No
do
_Tes No
Tes No
-Z
_Z
Yes No
Yes No
20. Types of balloons noted in Question 19 above.
ão -
bo.
do-
66

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 331, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
21.

In this ites sketch in the path taken by a1) balloons mentioned ‘in Question
19 above. Use a solid line for known tracks and a dotted line for estimated
tracks. Label tracks a, b, c, etce, to correspond with Question 19. Vse
the center of the grid as the launch locations WBAN 20 and 20A may be used
in Jieu of this diagrams

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 33, "chars": 209, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
226

Any comments on observers, possible causes of the reports etce, not covered

NES TRIGTED

in other parts of this questionnaires -

«bi er
4

Paes

Cont
as!

eS

b deri
a

BS

Pear od 7

4,

-“ woe eee et
