{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T22:09:01Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 810973, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116649-cia-analysis-of-a-ufo-photograph-richard-haines.pdf", "source_sha256": "761b539361c794533e7233253acd39fcaa14c806d55458ee28d8a0d9cab78697"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 3105, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
# 0388
000857
=
ATTACHMENT 7
Analysis of Vancouver Island--1981 Photograph
This attachment includes the article by DI. Richard F.
Haines analyzing the UFO photograph taken at Vancouver Island,
October 8, 1981: Haines, "Analysis of a UFO Photograph", Journal
of saientific Exploration, vol 1, no. 1, Po 129 (1987).
toad on Screamas Erdonacon Vol lo to, 2 50 128-147. 1987
0497-1310187 $1.00+00
Analysis of & UFO Photograph
RICHARD F. HAINES
375 Lersian dienue, Los Allas Col S40ZZ
Abstract-This report reviews various investigasive activities and analyses
surrounding a phorograph of a purponed unidentified flyinz object (UFO)
raken on October 8. 1981 ai about 11:00 amn. local time on Vancouver
Island. British Columbia. The evidenco consisted of a sinzie frame of 35 mm
color filt which showed & sharply focused disc-like object against a cleat
blue sky with wooded mountain peak nearby. Analyses of the original negative
included micto densitomerry, computer enhancements, and otter messurt-
ments intent upon showing a suppor thread, atmospheric disturbance, or
orter evidences of a hoax These analyses sugzesi thas the disc was a three
dimensional objecs located at a distance of as least 30 feet from ide camera:
the object's surface albedo was diffuse and of lower luminzace than sunlit
cloud. Extensive interviews with the photographer (who never saw the aerial
object), her husband and dauzhies and site survey tended to support the
entire narrative accounz The identity of the disc object remains unidentified.
Introduction
Comrary to common belief there are many phorographs of allezed UFOs. Of
course the problem lies nos so much with the details of the phorograph and
its negative as with the photographer and the equipment used. It is for this
reason that one must be careful to fully document seeminziy unimponani
details concerning the person taking the phorograph, the social situation which
surrounded the phorograpbs), the camera-lens-film dara, the developing-
..printing enlarging activities and the manner in which the photograph came
• 10 the attention of the investigator. Since such a photograph image is only as
credible as the phorographer who rook it one must exercise "due diligence"
in each of the above areas. Many older UFO photographs remein useless
artifacts of the UFO enigma because the investipator did nos or could not
obrain all of the relevans background information. As will be made clear, the
author artempted to consider all of the above factors. Length restrictions of
this paper impose certain practical limits upon the depth to which these facts
can be documented. however.
The remainder of this report will cover the following topics: (a) the pho-
rograph and negalive. (b) the camera and lens. (c) the film and its processing.
(d) the results of image analysis. (e) the site visiz results. (f) credibility of the
photographer. and (g) a brief review of Frisbe characteristics
The Phorograph and Negative
The author received a color negative strip of two frames. The higher num-
bered frame showed a small child standing in front of a fireplace inside a
129

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 739, "chars": 4612, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
130
RI. F.!iaines
home. The tower numbered frame showed a mountain whose top was very
nearly centered within the frame. The foreground delail was in sharp focus
indicating that either a fairly high shutter speed had been used or the camera
had been stabilized or both. Figure I is an enlargement of the full negative
reproduced as a positive print. A sharply focused disc-like object is seen above
and 1o the right of the mountain top. The tip of the mountain was located
close to the geomelric center of the 35 mm frame. This lends to support the"
statement made by the photographer that she was iatent upon phoiographing
the mountains and never saw the acrial object. The presence of a cloud direcily
illuminaled by sunlight through extremely clear air provides a useful upper
exposure limit in laler densilometry measurements. Dark shadows seen within
a stand of trees in the left foreground provides a lower end to the exposure.
Thus, a maximum of 12.500 A-L is assumed for the luminance of the cloud
and approximalely one R-L for the shadow area, The atmospheric clarity
makes it almost impossible lo judge separation distance beiween the camera
and object by nicans of an extinction coefficient calculation.
The negative measured 36 X 24 mm. A photographic enlargement of the
disc image provided for linear measurements. Its major axis on this print was
5.70 cm white its minor axis was 1.60 cm for a width/height ratio of 3.56.
The width of the "dume" protruding from the upper surface was 1.3 cm and
if
lig. 1. Photograph of mountain and disc.
UFO Photograph
131
its height aboul 0.7 cm (ratio of 1.86). Finally, the dome to disc w
ratio
was 4.38 and the dome to disc height ratio was 2.29. While these ratios aré a
function of the viewing aspect angle; they may, in general, be compared with
correspondíng values given elsewhere (Haines, 1978, 1979) ol'similarly shaped
aerial objects of unknown origin that have been reported over the years. This
previous work shows that the présent photographic image of'a disc is not
uncommon; there is a larger context of purported UFO drawings into which
this object fits.
The hyperfocal dissance is the nearest distance from an object being pho-
lographed 1o the camera at which the object is in sharp focus when the lens
is focused on infinity. Since the mountain is in sharp focus and the pholog-
rapher said that she took great care to manually focus the camera it is possible
to determine the hyperfocal distance by also knowing the focal length of the
lens and its aperture (Neblette, 1965). For a 50mm focal length lens and f.
1l aperture the hyperfocal distance is 15 feet. Commenon. Ang distances for f-
8 and f-16 apertures are 20 and 10 feet, respectively. 'It.u:. the airborne object
in question must have been farther than ten feet and probably farther than
20 feel) from the camera since it also was in sharp focus.
The actual camera settings used can only be inferred. A film with an ASA
100 exposure index (as this was) and a lens with the optical quality of this
one would have very likely automatically pre-set a shulter speed of 1/125th
second at an aperture of f-11 for the ambient scene luminance which was
present.
Finally, the negative was in very good condition and did not have any
visible scratches, major blemishes, or other defects. An invisible vertical scratch
was noted in one of the dye layers as will be described later, however, this
scratch was-well away from the disc image.
The Camera and Lens
The camera was a Mamiya, model 528AL, single lens reflex (SLR) lype
with permanently atlached Mamiya/Sekor 48 mm lens with 1:2.8 aperture.
The serial number on the lens was M197535. The camera is of the automatic
exposure type meaning that all one needs to do to lake a photograph is insert
the film, fre-set the correct ASA number for the film used on the camera,
aim and manually focus the lens for best focus, and press the shutter release.
Both shutter speed and aperture adjust automatically for "best"" exposure.
The shutter actuation lever is of the standard top-mounted type which requires
a downward finger depression. Once the shutter has opened and cinsed another
exposure cannot be taken without first advancing the film lo the next frame.
The author borrowed this camera and look a series of pholographs with it
under closely similar sun angle, sky brightness, and other conditions to check™
on possible lens end/or shutter relaled in age artifits. None were found. The ;
lens was coated with the standard anti-scattering material. No scratches of
other flaws could be seen in the lens elements of surface, coatings.
00

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 432, "chars": 3169, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
132.
A. F. Haines
Charactorialle Curves
Exposure: Daylight
1/25 sacond
Procaas: C-41
Donallometry: Statue M
Density
8.0
Log Sensitivity *
8.0
* "1
UFO Pholograph
Spectral Senstlily Curves
EFFECTIVE EXPOGURE
1.4 secondo
PROCES
6-11
/
"DENSITONETRY
DENSITY:
1D Debore D-MIN
•Serenirin, aquelo racipro
cheet proto
волону
T.0
2.01
250
3.00
200
1.00
0.00
Log Exposuro
flux eroordc)
(a)
Modulation Transter Curve
KODACOLOR II Film
150
100
Response
Егрвана Doytgtl
Procono C.41
an 8
10
20
50
100 200
Spallal Frequancy (cyclas/mm)
(b)
Fiz. 2. Kodacolor Il film characterissics: (4) Characteristic surves, (b) Modulation transfer surfe.
(c) Spectral sensitivity curves.
The Film and its Proxessing
The film used was Kodak Safely Film 5035, 35 mm, commonly known as
Kodacolor II. Its ASA rating is 100. The photograph in question was located
at frame 11: The so-called "characteristic curve" (i.e., exposure vs. optical
density), modulation transfer function, and spectral sensitivity for this film
are presented in Figure 2(a), (b), and (c), respectively (Eastman Kodak Co.
Manual, 1980).
300
100
500
Wavelength (n)
(C)
Fig. 2. Continued.
600
700
The concept of "graininess" and "granularity" of pholographic film is im-
portant here. Graininess is defined as the subjective sensation one gels when
viewing an enlargement of a photograph of a random pallern of variations
in texture, color, or both in regions of homogenous luminance and color
exposure. Granularity is the result of an objective measurement of the film
using an instrument known as a densitometer which measures the local densily
variations that give rise to the sensation of graininess (Kodak Publications F-
20, 1973). Most silver halide crystals that make up pholographic film are
dispersed in a gelatin and coated in thin layers on a supporting (paper, elc.)
base. Importantly, these crystals vary in size, shape, and sensitivity to light
energy. In general, they are also randomly distrihuted. As the Kodik manual
states, "Within an area of uniform exposure, some of the crystals will be made
developable by exposure; others will not. The localión of the developable
crystals is random" (Kodak Publication F-20, 1973, p. 3; italics mine).
One result of this random distribution of light-sensitive crystals (grains) is
that patterns can be produced which have nothing lo do with the object thal
was originally photographed. If such a pattern is perceived as having a rec-
ognized shape, it is possible to conclude that the shape represents an objecl
somehow related 1o the primary object when, in fact, there is no functional
Q
correlation with the object.
The diameter of the film's crystals is also important. The Kodak Film manua mc
indicates that a typical crystal diameter ranges from 1).2 to 2.0 micromelers.
Al a normal viewing distance of 25 to 35 cm the human eye can just discrim-,
:00
ATE:
inate a crystal (grain) on the order of 0.05 ram diameter. Normally the cye,
does not perceive the granular structure at low magnifications. Tie liner the
mean diameler of the crystals the higher the magnification can he Refore
graininess is noticed. It is the random nature of the exposed crystals, cachi

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 520, "chars": 3470, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
134
R. F. Haines
possessing a different spectral reflectivity in white light, which is a necessary
condition for the appearance of graininess to occur. Also, the mean diameter
of him crystats becomes a significant factor when deciding on a diameter for
a scanning digitizer's entrance aperture. A six micron diameter aperture was
used here which was approximately | mean crystal diameler of the pres..
ent film.
The roll of exposed Kodak film was developed commercially. According.
1o the pholographer, a normal processing delay occurred (approximately I.5
weeks). She did not specify that special development or any enlargements
were desired. A set of color positive prints ("jumbo size") and the developed
color negatives cut apart into sels of two frames were received by the pho-
lographer on or about October 26, 1981. Inspection of the attached second
frame to the one in question by the author showed that it was of a child
standing inside a home. This child was the daughter of the couple who owned '
the camera; the scene was confirmed to have been taken inside their home
in Camphel! River, British Columbia. This fact agreed with the story told by
the couple concerning the sequence of events of their automobile trip to the
north end of Vancouver Island and return and the photographs they remem-
bered taking.
Il was not until the couple had received the set of color prints from the
Vancouver processing laboratory that they noticed the strange acrial disc in
..the clear blue sky near the mountain top.
Image Analysis Resules
The analysis of the negative fand also first generation positive black and
white and color prints) included the following steps: (a) linear and angular
measurements, (b) micro-densitometry scans to establish optical density range,
(c) black and white pholographic enlargements using papers having different
spectral sensitivities, and (d) computer-based contrast enhancements.
Linear and engular finage Measurements. Selected linear measurements of
the disc's image on the cnlarged prins are given earlier (cr. The Photograph
and Negalive). The angular measurements shown in Figure 3 were determined
on the basis of the linear measurements of the image, the camera lens focal
length, and on-site survey which is described below. Referring In Figure 3 it
may he pointed out that the pholograph's center was clevated ahoul nine
degrees are above the horizontal and the tip of the mountain was very cluse,
to the geometric center of the photograph. The disc subtended 1.3 degrees
arc. Elvation angles from the local horizontal were measured with a surveyor's
Iransit lo the lop of the mounlain, the location of the photographer, and the
sun. These latter measurements were oblained at the same time of day, day
offle year, ard location as that of the original photograph but two years Ister.
These results are presented in Figure 4 with the dise shown in side view. The
exact outline of the disc is not known; also, the dome-like protruberance is
not shown here.
i was ryers,
UFO Photograph
Frame outline
Object :?.
N2° 20'%
Frame
conter
25.3°
24.30
88.9°
Fig. 3. Horizontal and vertical angles in the plutograph.
Micro-densitomerry Sian Resules. A Joyce Loehi Recoruing Micro-densitom-
cler with X20 power objective, 50:1 linear magnification ratio, slit width of
0.02 inches and vertical slit height of 1mm was used on the original negative.
venical
Bun
59.70
sight
of
line
7200
Obiact
1f--15
Fig. 4. Summary of elevation angles.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 510, "chars": 3336, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
136:
R. F. Elaines
Density
"bration was carried out using a Kodak ND step wedge spanning
the densities on the negative. Greatest optical density (brightest positive image)
was approximately 0.65 to 0.7 logo ND and was found on the sunlit cloud.
This is equivalent to about 12,500 A-L luminance. Figure 5 is a vertical scan
through the disc's two brightest areas using the micro-densilometer. The tracing
peak marked T represents the upper-most (dome) bright area and B represents
the lower area of brightness on the front edge of the dise. This scan line is'
shown in Figure 6 which is an enlargement of the disc's image. Points T and
B both have oplical densities of about 0.55 to 0.6.
Optical density of the blue sky on the negative is shown in Figure 5 and
has a value of approximatcly 0.4 loBio. The gradual slope of this densitometry
tracing is due to the progressive sky brightness increase from the zenith to
the horizon while the smaller amplitude deviations are due to single and
grouped film grains.
Of particular note is the fact that the brightest area on the disc was of lower
brightness than the cloud by approximately 0.15 logo unit. According to a
physics handbook (Allen, 1963), a smooth, polished silver surface reflects
(within the visible spectrum) increasingly higher percentages of incident ra-
diation with increasing wavelength. An average reflectance value of about
90% is found. Polished aluminum rellects about 85% regardiess of wavelength
of the incident radiation; this is also true for nickle (reflectance of about 60%).
silicon (ahoul 307%.), and steel (about 54%). This comparison of dark areas on
the negalive suggests that the surface of the dise is very likely not a polished
surface of any of the above metals. If direct sunlight has a brightness of about
750,000 MIL and a 90% reflectance is assumed for the disc's surface, the
brighlest area should produce a brightness of about 675,000 f-L which is
more than an order of magnitude greater than what was found on the negative.
¡A horizontal scan using the micro-densitometer also was made to see if
there was any evidence of a double exposure. A double exposure might be
indicaled by the presence ol double coges il the film registration is not precisely
the same during a manual rewind. No such evidence was found. In addition,
chis camera could not lake double exposures due to ils. frame locking
mechanism.
Black and White Enlargements on Different Wavelength Sensitive Paper. The
disc area of the negative was enlarged and printed on panchromatic film
which provided a relatively complete and undistorted translation of the three,
primary colors in the negative into shades of gray. This is shown in Figure
7(a). The top "dome" protruberance is clearly visible. The same area on the
negative also was printed al the same enlargement using blue-green sensitive
papet which significantly reduces the contribution of the red emulsion layer
to the final black and white print. This is shown in Figure 7(b). The klue-
green sensitive paper increases the overall tripliness of the sky and causes
the "dome" area on the disc to almost disappear. Apparently, the dome is
not reflecting or emitting radiation in the red end of the spectrum.
UFO photograph"
ON SEO!
8.122
Fig 5. Micro-densisomerer vertical scan through dise image.
9ht=
0N590
Sky
000861

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 103, "chars": 765, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
138
R. F. Haines
Fig. 6. Pholo enlargement of disc.
Compurer-Bussel Contrass Enhancement Results. The negative was digitized
using a Perkin-Elmer Scanning Densitometer set 1o six microns diameter
entrance aperture. Optical densily was achieved to 16 bit resolution. The
negalive wis scanned and digitized three times; each scan was made using a
color filler having the approximate spectra! distribetion as the dye layers in
the negative.' System outpul was recorded on f inch magnetic lape 21 1,600
bits per inch density for processing and display by & digital compuler. The
region studied was only sliptitly larger than thai of the disc in order 1o conserve
000862
Fis. T. P'ank cad white image enlargement: (1) Panchromaric paper. (b) Blue-green sensitive
papeT.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 746, "chars": 4842, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
140
R. F. Maines
memory and processing time. The range of optical densitics found within this
image area ranged from five to 400. Since the optical densities exterided only
from about 200 lo 400 for the disc's image, the computational range was
truncated by dropping the top 8 bits. Thus, the 8 bits from zero to 255 levels
of density are presented in all of the following computer color enhancements.
Figures 8 and 9 are enhancements oblained using only the blue filter scan.
that is, there is almost no contribution to this image from green or red wave-.
lengths. A very high contrast color enhancement is shown in Figure 8 using
blue picture elements (pixels) on the cathode ray tube monitor to represent
film densities associated with the image of the disc and orange and red pixeis
to represent film densities characteristic of the surrounding sky density. It
must be emphasized that there is no particular significance to the colors scen
in these computer-enhanced photographs.
Figure 9 shows a black and white enhancement using an undistorled con-
frast. Much of the lop surface detail becomes invisible in both Figures 8 and
9. Presumably this is due to the particular range of wave-lengths that are being
reflected or emitted by the disc. Both of these figures show that the sky is
relatively homogencous, the film's crystals (each possessing different sensitivily
to light) are approximately random in their spatial distribution as expecied.
Also shown is a relatively sharply defined bottom edge of the disc relative 1o
its upper edge. The shadow seen under the dise's lower edge in Figure 6 is.
: tarely evident here.
Figure, 10 presents an enhancement made using a green filter where purples
and blues are assigned to densities which predominate within the image of
the disc and yellows are assigned to densities characterizing the background
sky. A long vertical scratch exists to the lell of the disc's image within this
particular emulsion layer. Not only is the sky's density relatively homogeneous
in its density but the (wo regions of greater brightness on the disc become
much more apparent. The overall shape of the disc is symmetrical bur has
more pointed ends. The significance of this is unclear.
A red filter was used to generale the enhancement shown in Figure II. As
was noted in enhancements using a green filler, the dome is missing in this
enhancement suggesting that the protruberance on top of the disc is reflecting
or emitting wavelengths mainly in the blue-green portion of the spectrum.
Finally, a three-color composite enhancement including blue, green, and
red wavelengths was made. Figure 12 presents one such enhancement gil.
lustrale the homogencity of the sky as well as the emulsion faw and highlights,
on the image of the disc. None of the above enhancements show any evidence
for a suspension line or thread above the disc.
Sile Fisir Resules
A comprehensive sile visil was made by the author on October 7-8, 1983.?
Photographs, measurements, and general inspections were made of the entire
"The film's yellow forming layer, magenta layer, and cyan layer peaked in sensitivity al 423.
945, and 650 nm. respertively. This technique permilted the information conlent in each layer
1o he analyzed separalely.
UFO pholograph
Fir. 8. Color enhancement of disc imagc using a blue fitter.
vicinity of the Provincial park where the photograph had been faken. Figure
13 isa topographic chart of the area with the mountain darkened. This location
is just east of highway 19 at the Eve River bridge, about 49 miles west northwest
of Campbell River, British Columbia on Vancouver Island. Area X on this
chart marks the approximate location of the pholographer. This spot is located
at 126°14' West and 50°19.4' North, The photographer and her family had
stopped at this park for a rest when the holograph was taken. The rectangular
area marked with a C is property operaled by the McMillan-Bloedel Lumber
Co. Lid. camp which was unoccupied when the author was there. The clearing
in the forested area was gravel covered with a few buildings, fuel pumps, a
dynamite shack, and vehicles of various kinds. Intense white yard lights il-
luminated the area at night (in 1983). A registered civil engineer' conducted
a site survey and determined that the photographer stood approximately 4,240
feet north of highway 19 (within the Provincial park) and faced 3°18' north
by west toward the peak of the mountain. The slant distance to the mountain
peak was 7,580 feel for an elevation angle of 24°17: The height of the moun-
"l am preally indisted to Donald H. Haines, my father and negistered civil engineer who
escuipatiod rue and who performed the survey of the site. I am also grateful to the Fund for
UFO Research, Maryland who supported a part of the travel costs lo British Columbia from
Celicsia
..' fbid.
00

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 252, "chars": 1582, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
142
R. T. Huines
Fig. 9. Black and whise enhancement with undistorted contrass.
tain from she local horizontal was 3.117 icer while she elevation of the pho-
fographer's position was 984 feel above mean sea level.
Although the Provincial park was localed within an area cleared of evergreen
frees, second growth timber extended from the basc of the mountain almost
to Is top. Alter inspecting the site it was clear that there was sulficient flat
ground to have own a model airplane or thrown a Frishee into the air.
Neither the photographer nor her husband admit to doing this. There are no
buildings or stores within a radius of 15 miles of this spot. The photographer
does not remember passing any vehicles on the morning she look the photo
other than a few logging trucks with Inads of logs.
Credibilit of the Phorographer
In cases such as this il is essential to establish the credibility of the persons
involved. Mrs. D.M. (age 26) was the photographer. She was accompanied®
by hier husband (age approximately 30) and their 18 month-old daughter and
• Both Mr. and Mrs. D.M. stated that there were no other persons at the Provincial park before.
curing, or while they were leaving the camp sile. The large oren area would have afforded a wide
and unobstructed view of the surrounding terrain had there been someone else there. They also
saled that no sounds were heard from the direction of the mountain while they were al the camp
UFO pholograph
Fig. I0. Color enhancement of disc image using a green filter.
Fie I1. Color enhancement of disc image using a red filter.
000864

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 574, "chars": 3537, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fig. 12. Three color enhancement of diac image.
Fig. I3. Tispographic chart of photographic site on Northern Vancouver Island, British Columbia.
UFO photograph
the family dog. The family was on their way to visit her sister at Holberg,
located at the northwest tip of Vancouver Island. Mrs. D.M. was an oulgoing,
pleasant person with a casual interest in UFOs. Inspection of their home did
not indicate any interest at all in the occult, the psychic realm, or relaled
subjects. Mr. D.M. worked at the lumber mill in Campbell River. Neither
person claimed to have read any tooks specifically on UFOs, hut had seen
the movie Close Encounters of the Third Kind. The husband was an avid
science fiction fan in earlier years.
When asked what they had done immediately after noticing the clise on
the photogra, i (suliet lo dayshaler On October 26.1981), Mrs. I).M. replied,
"Well, we didn'ț know what lo do. Eventually we showed il to our neighhors
and Mr. and Mrs. M. Sr: (husband's parents)." Mrs. D.M. phoned the Ca-
nadian Forces Base at Comox in mid-Novemher 1981 concerning their pos-
sible interest in seeing the photograph. She "... just wanted lu sce it they
were interested in it and if they knew anything about what the object could
be." An air force representative (allegedly) said they were not interested in
viewing it, but did take her name and address. Il was not until the summer
of 1982 that the family travelled lo Vancouver, B.C. bringing une 4" X 5°
color print with them. They visited the Vancouver Planctarium and spoke
with the Director, David Dodge who called in David Powell who was interested
in UFO phenomena. The couple were pursuaded to lend the original negative
10 them, to make enlarged copies. The negatives were delivered 10 Mr. Powell
in June 1982 and were returned to Mr. and Mrs. D.M. on January 28. 1983.
These dates may be significant since they suggest that the photographer was
willing lo wail a long time hefore pursuing an explanation for the dise-like
image on her photograph. If this event had been a deliberate hoax it is more
likely thal some overt action 1o capitalize on it might have been liken soon
after the disc had been discovered and not almost a year faller. Of course this
is not a conclusive argument to support this cuntention."
The author found the phorographer and her husband to he middle-class.
hard-working people. Their property was well kept. Nothing could he found
which pointed to a deliberate hoax. Both displayed genuine puzzlement ahour
the origin of the disc on the photograph. Mr. and Mrs. D.M. were not defensive
nor did they ever allempt lo cover up anything as far as could he determined.
For example, when asked if he owned a Frishec, Mr. D.M. said yes and located
il immediately for the author's inspection. It was a 9" diameter. dull black,
«Professional FIFI model." He claimed to have ben prolicient in throwing
it in the nast, but had not done so in some time. There was no indication
that some type of dome-like structure had been allached to it. The suspicion
lingered throughout the investigation that a frister or other similar objeet
and merely been tossed up into the air and photographed to frecame important
10 leam more about the subject of Frisbees and their "Night" qualities.
• While it is true that Mr. and Mrs. D.M. have had color enlargements maule of their pholegraph
and have sold some, this was done as a courtesy lo their friends and to others who wrote asking
for copies. Almost no profit has heen made from the sule of these photographs.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 951, "chars": 6352, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A Revies' of t
bir C'haracteristics
Three toph
* brielly reviewed here (a) surlace characteristics, (b) flight
records in competition, and (c) subtended angles and related distances. The
author consulled with a person who had previously worked for a well known
manufacturer of Frisbees. He explained the necessity of having a smoothly
curved leading edge at the circumference of the disc and tiny microgrooves
in the lop surface in order to create a lifting force during its spinning flight.
He suggested that the addition of a dome-like structure to the top would
probably reduce or destroy this aerodynamic lifl. The author (later) proved
that this was indeed true. The author also contacted various loy stores to
inspect various Frisbee models. A total of seven different models were in-
spected. All possessed a glossy (specular) outer surface. Most had reflectances
of about 80% or less. Of the six models produced before 1981, only two had
paper labels, the other four" had colorful embossed drawings centered across
the top surface.
Men's and women's world records for throwing Frisbees were oblained
from the International Frisbee disc Association (IFA). This organization has
hosted tournaments which have become qualifying events for the World Fris-
Bee Championship, It was discovered that the men's outdoor distance record
is 166 m (540 feel) and the women's record is 122 m (397 feel). These records
were set in 1983 and 1980, respectively and are meant only to indicate she
general range of human capability for this skilled activity. The men's world
record for maximum time aloft is 15.5 seconds (1981); the women's record
is !l.4 seconds (1980).
The linear width of the disc's image on the negative was 0.98 mm. The
width of the 36 mm frame was equivalent to a horizontal angle of 48°. The
useful ratio can be formed:
36/48: 0.98/X
where: X = the angle sublended by the disc. This angle is 1.307°. Therefore,
Tan 1.307/2 = 0.0114 = (W/D)2 where: W = the assumed object width and
D = the separation distance between the camera and object. Letting W = 9
inches, D = 32.88 feet which exceeds the hyperfocal distance. If the disc object
was 10 or 50 feet in width it would have been 438 feet or 2,192 feet from the
camera, respectively. And if the disc had been hovering direclly over the
mountain (i.c., 7,580 feel away) it would have been 173 feet in width.
Assuming that the camera shutler speed was 1/125th second and the disc
image was produced by a lypical Frisbee travelling at 10 feet per second, a 9
inch diameter disc moving normal to the line of sight would move 0.96 inches
in his duration. Approximately 9.3% of the Frisbee's diameter would show
up as a blur on the leading and trailing edge of the Frisbee's photographic
image. There is virtually no blur visible on the pholograph in question which
stronely argues that the disc was not travelling normal to the line of sight. If
it was motionless it would te far more dificult to perceive, particularly if the
& I wist to thank Mr. Gordon ffolt for his professiunal assistanot in this phase of the analysis.
47
photographer was (a) looking through a camera's optics and (b) was
pecting to sec anything hanging motionless in the air, "a. io..
It is highly unlikely that the object photographed was a commercially avail.
able Frisbee. There are significant top surface contour differences belween a •
Frisbee and the photographed disc. This was shown by a careful comparison
of photographs of a Frisbee model with scale dome oricnied the same as the
photographed disc and illuminated by sunlight under the same angular con-
ditions. The surface reflections were markedly different in each case. In ad-
dition, the presence of the tiny, concentric micro-grooves on all Frisbees would
y not be expected to yield a sharp contrast gradient as is seen in Figures 7(b),
• 8, and 9. When the author attached a light-weight dome to a Frisbce it would
not fly very far nor very high. It is problematical whether another person
could have achieved such a feal. The author inspected the frame immediately
following the frame in question and found that it had hern taken in Camptell
River following the trip north. The immediately preceding frame was also
pond at the Provincial park on the day the photograph had been taken, exactly
as stated by the photographer. If someone had tossed a model ip into the air
in order to photograph it, only one photo was laken. It is fortuitous thil such
a clearly focused image was obtained on the first try, if this is what happened.
Furthermore, this explanation does net stand up under scrutiny of the author's
in-depth interviews and site visit. The fact that the photographer stated that
she was taking a photograph of the mountain fand not of a UFO disc or •
model) is further supported by the fact that the top of the mountain was well
centered in the photograph. The object was not centered. The lack of any
image blur suggests that the disc was nearly motionless which would make it
more difficult to sec, other factors equal.
In summary, this investigation has shown that a mature adult with high
credibility and little or no interest in UFO phenomena obtained a single,
colored, sharp imaged photograph of an unidentified aerial dise-like object.
Her subsequent reactions to seeing the disc's image on her pholograph pro-
duced surprise and dismay as well as the normal array of "answer-secking"
behavior. She has not capitalized on having such a pholo and still acts some-
what embarrassed at having taken it without secing the disc. The disc's identity
has not been identified to date.
References
Allen, C. W. (Ed.). (1963). Astraphysical quansities. I.ondon: The Alhlone Press.
Eastman Kodak Co. (1980). Kodacolor I film sarilicurioms (Publication (S-11). New York:
Eastman Kodak Co.
Haines, R. F. (1978). UFO drawings by witnesses and non witnesses: Is there something in common?
UFO Phenomena, 2. 123-151.
Haines, R. F. (1979). What do UFO drawings by alleged eyewitnesses and non-eyewitnesses have
in common? la R. F. Maines (Ed.), UFO phenomena and the holarioral silent (chapter
12). Metuchen, NI: The Scarecrow Press.
Facia Co. (1873), Underslanding gratainess cad granulori?! (oldication 1.2!! New York:
Enstman Kodak Co.
Nebietle, C. B. (8765). Fhorographic lenses Nev York: Morgan and Morgan, Fulfishing.
"Soe luornore 9.
0Q0866
