{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T06:17:32Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1145639, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116720-cia-flying-saucer-report-9-7-65.pdf", "source_sha256": "398365fec61522b5aba846b7037be0c8a234d66930fb49311f8ae3f7b849975b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 341, "chars": 2353, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
TDD/E8/7 80p 65
FLOOD ADD CRITICIAN
Ibe 27 August 1965 Issue 08 Bratielava Pravda carries
Ministry of Construction's rebuttal to erltielsu that it to niemanag-
Ing the publicly subseribed flood disaster aid. Criticism is being
Levied by the Slovan Danube River flood wietins who are becoming dia-
enchanted with daily press and radio broadcast accounts of accumulated
donatione and who have yet to see tangible proof in the form of brleks,
cement, and varlous prefabricates.
9. Mal1k, secretary of the flood coumission and the wan vho
Keeps the Ministry of Construction Inforned oå disbursements, gave
the following explanation: According to plans the flood victim.
vll receive, song other thinge, & total of 10 million bricks by
the end of August and an additional 10 million by the end of September.
Between 17 July and 22 August a number of brick kilns have contrib-
uted the alloted quota. These were delivered to certain disaster
areas in overabundance whereas other areas received none. Respons-
Ibility for delivery and distribution does not Lie with the
Ministry of Construction but with the railroad and business con-
сетов.
It bas been shown teat surficient amounta o
cement have been delivered to the flood areas tut because i? unsat-
Isfactory storage the cement is hardening.
By 19 August the Ministry
of Construction issued 870,000 slate shingles, 105, 0 pieces of
sabestos cement rooting, 34,000 meters of square tila3, 5,933 meters
of prefabircates. The Miniatry of Construction has been conscient-
Iously fulfilling its tasks.
Eowever, It is sendir; these Ytem
where it is told to send by the organs that coatroi ise readilita.
tion of the devastated areas. (EDPR, 7 Sep 65)
*PEYING SAUCER REPORT
[Note: For several weeks, the Hungarlan innguage dally U1 Szo,
published in Bratislava, bas given extensive, frequently front page,
coverage to flying saucer reports, usually from South America but
sometimes from other areas, attributing them to the French news
service AFP, Reuters, etc.
Occasionally, these articles Included
oftered alternatives to the extraterrestrial tyrothies. The
"lovak Press Office) dispatch from San Salvador repurting a photo-
graph of & flying saucer published 1a Prensa Grafice, Salvador.
following is a fill translation of a page 2 CT story in the seme
Issue of U1 Szo.]
(cont la)
000567
20
RELEASED 5-9-94

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 406, "chars": 2699, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FDD/EE/7 SEp 65
000568
Jaroslav Kalists, an employee of the Pizen branch of the Btate
Bank, bas reported to the CIK that on 14 August, shortly after 2100
bours, is Strakonice Okres of the South Bohemian kraj, between the
Villages of Kesejorice and Inare, be and Jirl Cadek, & resident of
Lare, saw four 1ight discs in the sky. The four discs vere all the
same distance from one anotber and formed a slang line above the
earth. It appeared that they vere standing in one place. According
to his report, several more diacs appeared after about 5 minutes.
The disea broke the regular formation and gradually disappeared.
Both pbenomena lasted only & few seconds.
Dr. Vladimir Guth, director of the Ondrejor observatory and
& correspond1ng member of the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences,
reported in connection vith Kalista's observation: "Recent
press reports have prepared people to vatch the sky more. Naturally
ve cannot classify every curious sight as extraterrestrial, I do
not believe in flying saucers.
There could be several explanations
of the phenomenon.
The destruction artificial satellites and
carrler rockets causes similar phenonens. I vas witness to tbe
destruction of a Cosmos artificial satellite. It suddenly lit up
and exploded Into small glowing pieces. We were sot the 11rst to
Vitness such a penonenon. Artificial satellites regularly break
up into 5 or 6 pieces.
"From the meteorological freumstances ens astronomical data
for that day we can conclude that the 'something' observed was a
Bolid body which was 25 kilometers above the earth. If a known
artificial satellite was destroyed we will kocv it later. It 1s
probable, bowever, that it involved rocket signals customary
In military maneuvers. The possibility is not ruled out that
secret experiments are being conducted in the atmosphere tbe or-
ganizers of which want to distract attention from themselves by
spreading news about flying saucers." (EEDPR, 7 Sep 65)
DETECTION OF SENSITIVITY TO RADIATION
Prague Mlada Fronta of 24 August 1965 carries an artiele by
Dr. M1lan PoBpi611, Candidate of Sciences, 0f the Institute of
Blophysics of the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences in Brno. After
dealing with contemporary scientific research and results in radio-
biology, Pospis11 states that his institute has proven that by
foilowing the rate of matabolism it is possible to predict sensitiv-
ity of individuals to radiation. The reasons for such reactions
are unclear, althouth one wight speculate about the higher produc-
tion of toxie producte by individuals vith & higher metabo11am.
Nevertheles, this knowledge bas been utilized for a purposeful 10-
fluencing of the sensitivity of live tissue, be says.
21
(cont 'd)

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 272, "chars": 1882, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*030569
FDD/EE/7 SED 65
It 1s lown that thyroin, a bormone of the thyrold gland, 18-
cresses metabolis and also increases the sensitivity of organisus
and tissue toward radiation. On the other hand, his laborstory
bas proved that resistance to radiation vill tend to decrease the
activlty of the thyroid gland, Posp1s11 continues. Endeavors to
utilize an artificial decrease of metabolism through the extrine
colling of organism have grest prospects, be says.
Wita regard to further work, Pospis11 states that his institute
has vorked out a test which will make it possible to predict an
individual's reaction to radiation on the basis of the indirect
Indexes of the activity of his suprarenal gland, and thus to identify
resistant and sensitive individuals. (EEPPR, 7 Sep 65)
HEW PUELIC OBSERVATORY ... Prague, Zemedelake Moviny, 19 Aug 65, p 4
On 18 August, the cupola of the new public observatory in
Jihlava was installed. The observatory is located atop the three-
story Hall of Culture of the Revolutionary Irade Union Movement.
A belicopter was employed in the installation of the sections of
the 5.5-ton cupola. (BaDPR, 7 Sep 65)
TECHNICAL CONFERENCE -- Prague, Stavebnicky Cesopia, No 7, [Aug] 65,
P 454
The Fourth Seminar on Photoelasticimetry will be beld on
17-18 May 1966 at the Gottwaldov work center of the Advanced Tech-
nical School in Brno, which is sponsoring the session. The session
WIlldal with instruments ard equipment for photoelasticimetry
laboratories. Engr Miroslav Perla, Candidate of Sciences, of the
Mining Institute of the Czecboslovak Academy of Sciences in Prague,
1s chairman of the session's preparatory committee.
Further infor-
mation may be obtained from Engr Jan Cernousek of the Advanced
Technical School in Broo, Zalesna 3396.
The Third Seminar on Photo•lasticimetry was beld in Tureianske
Teplice on 17-18 May (1965).. (SOPR, 7 Sep 65)
22

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2512, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-40
PDD/EE/15 Sep 65
The author then presents some additional details to illustrate
her statements and wades the point that young people today "are
obvlously pot studying for the sake of the financial benefits involved.
Sowever, a lot more of them will be attending advanced schools once
the anticipated financial reguards will be greater. Capitalism does
not have a monopoly on people who like soney. While I cannot categori-
cally state that each of the 100,000 students enrolled at our schools
is thinking of money alone, I do have the statements of the mothers
of our two earlier subjects (the student and the construction belper
who are of equal age). According to them, the student is at present
working off a brigade with the Prague Municipal Transportation system
as & streetcar ticket puncher, whereas the construction helper 1s
about to get married and to spend his honeymoon in Yugoslavia.
(EEDPR, 15 Sep 65)
MILITARY ACADEMY GRADUATES RECEIVED BY PRESIDENT
According to the 5 September 1965 issue of Rude Pravo, Czech-
oslovak Defense Minister Arradni General Bohumir LOMSKY delivered a
report to President Novotny at Prague Castle where the President
received graduates of various military academies. In a short speech
with honors, that one-half of them are engineers which demonstrates
every fourth regular army officer is a college graduate.
In conclusion,
IOMSKY thanked the Party and the government for their "universal zeal
which is being dedicated to arming and fortifying the combat capability
of our country". He assured his listeners that togither with the Soviet
and other fraternal armies of the joint Warsaw Pact armed forces, the
Czechoslovak army is always ready to fulfill its patriotic and inter-
national commitment in defending socialism and peace.
On behalf of the officers, Podplukovak Big K. List expressed
appreciation for Party and government belp in expanding the curriculu
in military advanced schools.
"The new knowledge, intelligence an
expect 1l be need by sent bare our a their
The graduates came from the A. Zapotocky M1l.itary Academy, the
Klement Gottvald Military Academy, the J. E. Purkyne Military Medical
Research and Postgraduate Institute, the Military Faculty of the
Advanced School for Transportation and from foreign advanced schools.
Also attending the ceremony were isi i Cormunist Party of Czech-
oBlovakia) Central Cormittee Presidium members J. Dolansky, A. Dubcek,
J. Hendrych, M. Chudik, D. Kolder, B. Lastoricka, J. Lenart and
(coast 'd)
00-
5°
10
B
