{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-17T00:59:05Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 26, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 8202368, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116749-fire-officers-guide-to-disaster-control-ufos-2nd-ed.pdf", "source_sha256": "67a3cfe9b1a5bd949993948dff0a3d153e57cd2015e401039bd97eee5a44269e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 83, "chars": 445, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
SECOND EDITION

a ate Se aaa
: ; hs “he Pe A pital
: ie pee ae
tanh herent eA
Rao ea

WILLIAM M. KRAMER, Ph.D.
CHARLES W. BAHME, J.D.

+ wt

.
*
>
=
=
| al
2
es
ee ee
=
=
EE
OO ——————————
7 ee
‘ete a ee
EL
en Ee
pe
en eee
2
ee ee te ee
a a rr
SE
ya
77 ee
a
7 eee
ier
=
Fire Engineering Books & Videos
= . an =
E P see ogy a en oct Te ‘cs i
; Pa ee Fal eto tt “i mest eo te EE 2, ra a pat, ar fi oe an ea aa s
eee ‘i = OE ee teens ee ee oo = = +

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 46, "chars": 361, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FIRE
SECOND
EDITION
OFFICER'S
GUIDE TO
DISASTER
CONTROL
WILLIAM M. KRAMER, Ph.D.
District Fire Chief, Cincinnati Fire Division
Director of Fire Science, University of Cincinnati
CHARLES W. BAHME, J.D.
Deputy Chief Los Angeles Fire Department (Retired)
Captain, United States Naval Reserve (Retired)
Fire Engineering Books & Videos
A PENNWELL PUBLISHING COMPANY

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2187, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PREFACE TO
SECOND
EDITION
MANY YEARS HAVE GONE BY since disaster control was my responsibility at such
catastrophes as the Bel Air fire, the Watts Riots, and the Baldwin Hills flood,
and more than a decade has elapsed since my suggestions for coping with such
major emergencies were offered in this guide book. Though I have attempted
to provide some later insights on these problems in the disaster course syllabus
of the Open Learning Fire Service Program, the publication of an updated edi-
tion of the original work is long overdue.
In order to more fully pursue other interests and yet continue my instruction
in this national program, I am finding co-authors to assist in the revision of my
various text books. Bill Kramer, an old shipmate and good friend, is helping me
revise this disaster study. In view of my maturing years (almost four score) Bill
will one day have sole responsibility for future editions, and I am confident that
this task is in good hands. Bill is not only an internationally recognized edu-
cation administrator but also an active chief officer in one of our nation's out-
standing fire departments, and has a down-to-earth outlook on fire service
problems.
Since the causes of disasters have not changed, nor their frequency and mag-
nitude, why do we need a new edition? Mass casualties in earthquakes, floods,
hurricanes, and plane crashes still occur almost daily. (As I write these words,
hundreds of victims of a Boston subway train wreck are being hospitalized, and
in a nearby suburb of that same city a conflagration in multistory residences
is raging). Disasters are no less a problem today then they were in the time of
that distinguished fire fighter Benjamin Franklin, who warned us to "either
write things worth reading or do things worth writing."
Rewriting this text is probably worth doing because of the technological,
legislative, and organizational changes that have occurred in recent years, mak-
ing it possible to more easily identify the risks, evaluate the scope and mitigate
the damage of impending or actual disasters. Systems for command and com-
munications are greatly improved. Efficiently designed apparatus and equip-
Xili

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 199, "chars": 1315, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
xiv Fire Officer's Guide to Disaster Control
ment for response and control are more readily available. Specially trained and
equipped fire fighters can more effectively handle plane crashes, chemical
spills, wildland fires and other major emergencies in both urban and rural com-
munities than ever before. More colleges and fire service instructors throughout
the nation now augment the National Fire Academy staff in providing the infor
mation needed by fire fighters wherever they are located. And finally, there are
more fire officers today who have obtained the education and experience to pro-
vide needed guidance in fire service publications. While it is true that some of
their nomenclature may be barely recognizable to old "smoke-eaters," we are
gradually acknowledging that a fire chief can be an "on-scene manager," and
that "combustion degradation with damage mitigation" are just fancy terms for
old-fashioned "fire suppression and overhauling" operations. However, I am
confident that neither the "old school" nor new generation fire fighters will have
any difficulty understanding Dr. Kramer's terminology. We "old timers" are cer-
tainly impressed with all the high-tech changes taking place today in both sys-
tems and semantics, but we are sometimes reminded of the old fire chief's
CHUCK BAHME

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 262, "chars": 1572, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FOREWORD
SINCE THE FIRST EDITION of the Fire Officer's Guide to Disaster Control was pub-
lished in 1978, the face of the Fire Service in North America has changed sig-
nificantly. We provide services that were once considered outside of our scope.
One thing that has not changed is that the Fire Department will be the first
agency called when disaster strikes—no matter what type of disaster.
No single individual can be well versed in the skills needed to manage every
type of disaster— there are not enough of them, thank goodness, for each of us
to practice on. This book provides the reader, and potential participant in disas-
ter mitigation, with a basis from which to work when confronted with emer-
gencies that are well outside of the norm.
Charles Bahme's original edition of this publication became a vanguard pub-
lication, and now it has been updated and enhanced.
Bill Kramer is a well known leader and educator in the fire service. As coor-
linator of the University of Cincinnati's Open Learning Fire Service Progran
and regular feature for the American Heat video series, his name and face are
familiar to many members of the service. Chief Kramer's eighteen years of expe-
rience with the Cincinnati Fire Department are backed up by impressive edu-
cational credentials. He brings current practicing common sense to a
complicated subject.
Enjoy the book—-while you are reading try to apply what you have learned
to your own community. Try as we may, we still have not been able to schedule
disasters, or fires, in our communities.
Alan V. Brunacini
XV

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 7, "chars": 49, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
id

rs a

if

.
*
é
#

Cyuuck BAHME

Birt KRAMER

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 320, "chars": 2102, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ABOUT THE
AUTHORS
DR. WILLIAM M. KRAMER has baccalaureate degrees in Industrial Management
and Business Administration, a master's degree in Industrial Relations, and a
Ph.D. in Administrative Management from the University of Cincinnati; and
a master's degree in Business Administration from Xavier University. He has
edited numerous course guides for the Open Learning Fire Service Program and
published numerous fire service journal articles. He is chairman of the seven-
University National Open Learning Educational Consortium, Associate
rofessor and Director of the Open Learning Program at the University o
incinnati, a District Fire Chief for the City of Cincinnati and the education
commentator for American Heat video productions.
CHARLEs (CHuck) BaHme is the author of many fire service articles as well as
books, including the Handbook of Disaster Control, predecessor to the Fire
Officer's Guide to Disaster Control, Fire Service and the Law, Fire Officer's
Guide to Dangerous Chemicals, Fire Protection for Chemicals, Fire Officers
Guide to Emergency Action, Firemen's Law Book, and Fire Officer's Guide to
Extinguishing Systems. After responding to a devastating chemical explosion
in the City of Los Angeles he wrote its Dangerous Chemicals Code, the first
comprehensive set of regulations ever adopted by any municipality pertaining
to hazardous materials. Following his naval service in World War Il he was
called upon to write U.S. Navy: Structural Fire Fighting for the Chief of Naval
In thirty years of service with the City of Los Angeles Fire Department he
advanced through the ranks from recruit to deputy fire chief, the rank he held
at the time of his retirement. During that period he augmented his A.B. degree
from UCLA with a Juris Doctor degree from Southwestern University. Through
the same years he served with the U.S. Navy: six years of active duty during
World War Il and the Korean conflict, and twenty-eight years with the Naval
Reserve, in which he retired with the rank of Captain.
Chief Bahme is an attorney at law with admission to practice in California,
BicA

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 560, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
xvili Fire Officer's Guide to Disaster Control
before federal district courts, the Supreme Court of the United States, and the
highest court of military appeals. He has taught courses in fire protection engi-
neering a UCLA, and fire administration at USC and various state, national, and
a faculty member of Cogswell College's Open Learning Fire Service Program.
He has also served as the NFPA's Fire Extinguishing Specialist, its Western
Fighting. Upon his moving to Lake County, California, he served as the chairman
advisor to his local Red Cross chapter.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 203, "chars": 1341, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
I WISH TO ACKNOWLEDGE the contributions of Joseph Weber, Steve Collier,
Robert Obermayer, and James Craig. Each of these authors wrote major por-
tions of the National Fire Academy's Open Learning Course entitled
"Disaster and Fire Defense Planning." Some of their current research and
literary endeavors appear with credit in the chapters of this new text. I
acknowledge their input as follows: Joseph Weber, for contributions to chap-
ters 2, 4, and 9; Steve Collier, for contributions to chapters 6, and 15; Robert
Obermayer, for contributions to chapters 7 and 10; and James Craig, for con-
tributions to chapter 13.
I am indebted to Ed Kaplan at the National Fire Academy for providing
current information and to the Open Learning Fire Service Program for pro-
ducing some of the most current and relevant research which rightfully
belongs in any new text on disaster planning.
Sincere thanks also to Ron Buckingham, Gary Auffart, and Dennis
McCloskey for providing the majority of the photos in this book; and to
Barbara Barkley, Minnie Easley, and Jennifer Cobb for their never-ending
ability to type and retype.
Finally, a special tribute to the many courageous fire service profession-
als whose exploits are documented herein, and with whom I feel a close
kinship, whether or not we have met.
WILLIAM M. KRAMER
xix

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 186, "chars": 1112, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CHAPTER 13
ENEMY ATTACK
AND UFO
POTENTIAL
FEW RESIDENTS of the United States, except for those in Hawaii, have expe-
iencerd an enemy attack on their hometown in this ceatury zo techint they
ave. The Great Los Angeles Air Raid of Februarv 26.
tinued for two hours. Finally the guns fell silent. The enemy, evidently, had
been routed. Los Angeles began to taste the exhilaration of its first military
victory."(1)
WHAT IS WAR?
"War is a man-made disaster. Earthquakes and floods happen to man-
kind, but man makes war himself."(2)
Jar is a struggle in wnich two or more large groups of people try 1
estroy or conquer each other. There are "hot" wars and there are "colc
wars. When overt acts of aggression involving force are employed, it is a
"hot" war, and there was a time in history when such wars were actually
leclared, but not in the past half-century. However, the United States in eac
lecade since World War II has found itself involved in at least limited mil
itary actions. Since the 1940s there have been the Korean "police" actio
in the 1950s, the Vietnam conflict in the 1960s and 1970s; Panama and

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 324, "chars": 1960, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
458 Fire Officer's Guide to Disaster Control
Guard Against Complacency
It is easy for those of us in North America to consider the possibility
of enemy attack as being quite remote. While it is true that this continent
has not been visited with the death and destruction accompanying past
wars, we have found in each generation that wars are all too common and
could indeed at some future date involve our country. Certainly many por-
tions of North America are within easy range of enemy nuclear submarines
and we could at the least expected time be suddenly involved in a conflict.
The Persian Gulf War served as an example of how quickly the United
States can find itself in military conflict. Hence, there is always a need to
guard against the complacency that has evolved as our country has enjoyed
relative insulation from previous wars.
THE UFO THREAT-A FACT
In this chapter we will now turn our attention to the very real threat
well-documented and highly publicized War of the Worlds radio drama bi
Orson Welles shows how even a perceived existence to alien creatures can
should pose any type of threat, it will, as always, be the fire service tha
is called upon to provide the first line of life-saving defense and disaste
$25,000 by the Federal Communications Commission for broadcasting a
if these unexplainable events become more prevalent, the possibility of
panic could be even greater; and again, the fire department will be the
agency called upon to handle the situation. (35) Hence, as we near the vear
2000 and move beyond, any comprehensive disaster plan should address
he potential for panic and other deleterious effects that might betall a pop
ilated area when unexplainable phenomena occur. We will see, as we con
vant to ensure that their disaster planning is complete will not neglect al
ppendix to outline those things that could be done in preparation for th
of Charles Bahme. Chuck has made a considerable study of this subject an

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 502, "chars": 3083, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Enemy Attack and UFO Potential 459
is acquiring many publications and VCR tapes to augment his library on
this and related phenomena. His interest in UFOs was greatly heightened
when Congress in 1969 adopted a law (14 CFR Ch. V Part 1211—Extrater-
restrial Exposure) which gave the NASA Administrator the arbitrary dis-
cretion to quarantine under armed guard any object, person, or other form
of life which has been extraterrestrially exposed. The very fact that our con-
gressmen believed there was a necessity for such drastic authority made
Chuck wonder if they had only our astronauts in mind when they adopted
it. Could it be applied to anyone who has had a UFO encounter? Whether
it has or not is not likely to be a topic for public dissemination.
UFO Discussion-Why Now?
previous editions of this book. The first edition was the Handbook of
Disaster Control which Chuck personally published in 1952 following his
the conflict as Security Coordinator for the Chief of Naval Operations
involved the creation of a worldwide disaster control organization for the
protection of the physical properties of the Navy, it must be admitted that
the directives approved for this new organization did not reflect any sig-
ificant concern for a flying saucer threat to its shore establishment. Tha
vas in the 1950s. Now that we are in the 1990s it is doubtful that the UF
potential would be brushed off so lightly by our military security forces.
This change of attitude was evidenced as far back as December 24, 1959,
and Training Order Mornidentified Foresees mesatio
nd Iraining Urder:
lightly by the press and referred to as 'Flying Saucers'— must be rapidly and
accurately identified as serious Air Force business...."(36)
There is no uncertainty about the reality of the war between nations on
our planet and the disastrous effects of military actions. The 200 sorties
flown every hour against Iraq in the Persian Gulf provided ample evidence
of global war's destructive power. On the other hand, there are many persons
who may believe that a discussion of the theoretical harm that could be
caused by a real or imaginary invasion of UFOs would be "far out!" But this
is not so for the thousands of witnesses of unexplained aerial phenomena.
To them it is also serious business.
Chuck's interest in UFOs commenced during the early morning hours
of August 26, 1942, while he was roller skating from his house to the nearest
fire station a few blocks away; the wail of sirens had signaled his recall to
fire duty, and with the stringent blackout orders in effect, driving was not
wise; besides, it was much more exciting to be out in the open where he
could see the spectacular aerial "fireworks" that filled the heavens all
around him. Few residents of the U.S. had ever experienced a real or imag
as "The Los Angeles Air Raid of 1942." The Army announced the approach
of hostile aircraft and the city's air raid warning system went into effect for
the first time in World War Il. The defense to this "attack" is described in
dramatic terms in the opening paragraph of this chapter.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 497, "chars": 3167, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
460 Fire Officer's Guide to Disaster Control
But what enemy had been routed? No one ever knew. All the fire fighters
saw in the sky were the 15 or 20 moving "things" which seemed to change
course at great speed apparently unaffected by the flak from bursting shells
all around them. Rumors that one had been shot down were never verified,.
nor was the explanation that these zig-zagging invaders were weather bal-
loons ever taken seriously. In any event, for Chuck, that unforgettable epi-
sode aroused a continuing interest in UFOs, rivalling his professional fields
of law and fire protection. The fact that he subsequently was a member of
a group whose sighting of a flight of UFOs was authenticated by airport
radar helped to sustain that interest.
UFO Background Information
With no intention of trying to prove or disprove the authenticity of the
numerous UFO encounters often related by very credible witnesses includ-
ing airline and military pilots, astronauts, police officers, fire fighters, mem-
bers of Congress, and even a U.S. President, the balance of this chapter will
present a brief history and nature of UFOs and their alleged occupants; their
widespread sightings over the globe since ancient times; their appearance,
propulsion origin, and possible motives for continuing reconnaissance.
A quick look at some of the classic accounts of encounters documented
in numerous foreign and U.S. publications might help us judge the mag-
nitude of their threat, if any, to social stability, and, if deemed desirable, pro-
pose a fire service plan for coping with some of the conceivable catastrophic
effects that UFOs could produce on cities and densely populated areas.
For readers who already have made up their minds that there is no such
thing as a UFO notwithstanding the overwhelming evidence to the contrary,
it should be pointed out that there is circumstantial evidence that disastrous
effects have already been attributed to UFO activity in more than one nation,
including the United States.
UFOs-What Are They?
William Shakespeare put a fitting observation in the mouth of Hamlet,
the Prince of Denmark, that went like this: "There are more things in heaven
and earth, Horatio, than are dreamed of in your philosophy." Whether
Hamlet was referring to those strange lights or objects that appear in the
cy or near the ground and have no known cause, we will never know, bi
e World Book Encyclopedia defines such things as UFOs. 3
Several theories have been propounded as to what they might be. Some
scientists believe that they are of extraterrestrial origin-coming from other
planets. Military officers conjecture that they might be alien aircraft. Some
attribute them all to natural causes, such as meteors, comets, sun dogs, light
reflections, marsh gas, ball lightning, even though they must admit that sci-
entists cannot explain all UFO reports in that manner. Still others are
inclined to believe that they may be forms from other dimensions which can
materialize and dematerialize at will perhaps by making a wavelength or
frequency transition so as to become invisible to humans. Some believe they
are time travelers from the future.

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2614, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Enemy Attack and UFO Potential 461
UFO Classification System
Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Northern University Professor Emeritus of
Astronomy and an advisor to the Air Force's Blue Book Project, adopted a
very simple classification system based solely upon the manner of
observation:
1. Nocturnal lights
2. Daylight disks
3. Close encounters (day or night)
4. Radar readings.
He concluded that this system tells us nothing about the nature of the
UFOs, but can suggest a means for gathering data.(38) He found that while
a large number of such reports were readily identifiable by trained inves
tigators as misconceptions of known objects or events, a small residue (abou
1,000) were not. These came from credible witnesses from such widely sep-
arated places as Canada, Australia, South America, and Antarctica. He con-
cludes with: "Although I know of no hypothesis that adequately covers the
mountainous evidence, this should not and must not deter us from following
the advice of Schroedinger: to be curious, capable of being astonished, and
eager to find out."(39) Dr. Hynek has an excellent, well-illustrated article
on UFOs in a 1982 book which gives a detailed history of the UFO sightings
together with the reports of some well-known people who made them
including President Jimmy Carter while governor of Georgia.(40)
Shapes of UFOs
Witnesses have described the shapes of UFOs as anything varying from
a sphere to a boomerang. Some have resembled flying saucers with a lid;
others a glowing tube; some as semi-spherical with colored apertures; some
with reddish-orange glows, or fire-like or sparking discharges. Incredible
speed and maneuverabilities not attainable by aircraft of any kind are com-
monly observed. Many of the books and articles in Appendix H have excel-
lent photographs of these unexplained visitors-photos that have been
checked by experts for their authenticity.
History of UFOS
For hundreds of years mysterious objects in the sky and strange moving
lights have been reported by many people, including the military pilots in
World War Il who called them foo fighters, ("Where there's Foo, there's
Fire"). In the middle of the 1900s flying saucers were increasingly observed
in the United States and other countries.
Scientists at the University of Colorado hired by the Air Force from 1966
to 1968 to study this type of aerial phenomena could explain most of the
UFO reports as a star (Venus), meteor, planet, balloon, rocket, artificial sat-
ellite, etc. Sometimes atmospheric conditions, aircraft exhaust trails, or
unusual lighting conditions may produce optical illusions that observers

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 450, "chars": 2977, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
462 Fire Officer's Guide to Disaster Control
thought were UFOs. After investigating more than 12,000 reports, the U.S.
Air Force was unable to explain where the unexplained UFOs come from,
but apparently concluded that the national security was not threatened by
them.(41) The emphasis of the university's team, headed by Edward U.
Condon, seemed to be more concerned with the establishment of the emo-
tional stability or instability of those who reported the sightings than with
other evidence.
Psychiatrists have examined the witnesses who claimed to have encoun-
tered UFOs and even been taken aboard their craft, such as the two shipyard
workers in Mississippi, and found that they are not unbalanced people.(42)
"They're not crackpots. There was definitely something here that was not
terrestrial."(43)
Dr. J. Allen Hynek agreed, and added, "Where they are coming from and
why they are here is a matter of conjecture, but the fact that they were here
on this planet is beyond a reasonable doubt."(44)
The Air Force, after 20 years of being deluged with UFO sightings and
spending millions of dollars on their investigation, decided to drop the
inquiry business and turned the project over to a Kensington, Maryland,
group called NICAP (National Investigation Committee on Aerial
Phenomena). This. left NASA (National Aeronautics and Space
Administration) with part of the task of trying to run UFO sighting reports,
including many by its own Apollo and Skylab astronauts. By 1974 over a
score of astronauts saw and photographed UFOs during their flights beyond
the earth's atmosphere.
Early in the Apollo II mission, which culminated in the moon walk,
astronauts Neil Armstrong, Edwin Aldrin, and Michael Collins reported
sightings of what seemed to be a UFO during the first half of their flight
to the lunar surface. There were many more sightings by U.S. and Soviet
Astronauts. On November 11, 1966, Gemini XII astronauts Jim Lovell and
Edwin Aldrin said that they saw four UFOs linked together, and on October
12, 1964, three Russian astronauts aboard Voskod reported that they were
surrounded by a "formation of fast-moving disc-shaped objects."(45)
UFO Organizations
In addition to NICAP, some of the other organizations that study UFO
phenomena are MUFON (Mutual UFO Networks), CAUS (Citizens Against
UFO Secrecy), GSW (Ground Saucer Watch), CUFOS (the Center for UFO
Studies), and APRO (Aerial Phenomena Research Organization), an Arizona
nonprofit scientific and educational organization, founded in 1952(46)
Why the Secrecy?
In their book UFOs Over America, authors Jim and Carol Lorenzo charge
that the CIA (Central Intelligence Agency) has been closely involved in the
collection and suppression of UFO information. "Witnesses to the phenom-
na have been bribed, coerced, and threatened by the CIA, who wanted va
lable evidence given to them'alone."(47) One reason given is that militar
intelligence may view the UFOs as a tool of either a known or unknown
1

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 531, "chars": 3303, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Enemy Attack and UFO Potential 463
potential enemy. "If these vehicles prove evasive and surreptitious, all the
more reason to suspect them.... the probability looms large that the minds
behind these vehicles may well be gathering intelligence of their own."(48)
Another reason for secrecy may lie in the hope of obtaining knowledge
relating to advanced propulsion methods and anti-gravity systems before
other potential enemies on éarth may acquire it. Hence, though many nations
are secretly investigating UFOs, they are reluctant to share their findings
Robert Lofton, in his book Identified Flying Saucers, claims that the Air
Force became the "goat" in the effort of the CIA to debunk many sightings
by pilots, radar technicians, and reliable civilian observers. He thinks that
the suppression of information about how dangerous UFOs can be is wrong.
After citing a case where a child was burned over 50 to 60 percent of her
ody by a low flying UFO and then taken to an Air Force hospital, no on
vould explain why her clothes were not burned at the same time. He als
describes another burn case in New Mexico and another man who recently
received a sledge-hammer like blow that knocked him unconscious by the
force field of a 100-foot diameter UFO. "The public ought to be told the dan-
ger! •.. Nothing helps rumors and panic more than ignorance."(49)
Major Donald Kehoe describes in his book Aliens from Space, The Real
Story of Unidentified Flying Objects the ditficulties he had in 1957 in try-
ing to get the truth from government agencies after he was director of NICAP,
the world's largest UFO research organization with over 30 subcommittees
in the U.S. and abroad.(50)
According to some UFOlogists the attempts at cover-up by the CIA
extend to destruction of evidence that it could not confiscate. Apparent!!
some of our nation's important leaders have been denied access to some UF
secrets in the possession of an agency of the United States, the very exis-
tence of which is classified above top secret.(51) Senator Barry Goldwater,
a retired Air Force Reserve Brigadier General and pilot with many decades
of flying experience, was quoted as saying "I certainly believe in aliens in
space. They may not look like us, but I have very strong feelings that they
have advanced beyond our mental capabilities." He said he was refused per-
mission to check the Air Force files on UFOs and added, "I think some
highly secret government UFO investigations are going on that we don't
know
about-and probably never will unless the Air Force discloses
them. "(52) He said that he put faith in the reports of the Air Force, Navy,
and commercial pilots who reported instances where a UFO would fly near
Franklin, Kentucky, when four military planes investigated a UFO. One of
them exploded in midair and no one knows why."(53)
Unleashed by the policy of Glasnost (greater openness) the Soviet media
felt free to include accounts of UFO sightings. A Tass report of October 10,
1989, reported a large shiny ball or disk hovering over a Voronezh park; res-
idents saw the UFO land and three creatures similar to human beings
emerged, accompanied by a robot.(54)
Apparently the Russians felt no need to suppress this report which was
poked fun at in Newsweek and Time magazines(55) but not in U.S. News

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2274, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
464 Fire Officer's Guide to Disaster Control
and World Report: "A scant few decades ago, both the U.S. government and
the media treated flying objects as no laughing matter-which even
Congress looked into. In 1966, Representative Ford responded to a rash of
sightings in his home state of Michigan by calling for, and getting, a House
hearing on UFOs."(56)
UFO Missions
Many reasons have been advanced for the purpose of the UFOs visits
to our planet. Although some of the persons who apparently have been the
subjects of genetic investigation, such as the family of Whitley Streiber may
not agree, the majority of those who have studied possible UFO visitors feel
that they are friendly. Mr. Streiber described his experience as terrifying.
and believes that these "little figures with eyes that seem to stare into the
deepest core of being are asking for something. Whatever it is, it is more
than simple information. The goal does not seem to be a sort of clear and
open exchange that we might expect; whatever may be surfacing, it wants
far more than that. It seems to me that it seeks the very depth of soul; it seeks
communion."(57)
From the thousands of reports he has studied, William Spaulding, aero-
space engineer and head of the Arizona-based Ground Saucer Watch,
believes that a pattern indicates that UFOs are here on a surveillance mis-
sion; the fact that a majority of sightings occur around our military instal-
lations, research and development areas leads to the conclusion that a
methodical study is being made of the earth and its defensive and offensive
capabilities. "The phenomena is not unlike our own space explorations:
scout ship survey; soil samples; landing. "(58)
In his book Incident at Exeter, John Fuller discusses the seeming affinity
of UFOs for electrical power lines in the northeastern part of the United
States. In a later section of this chapter dealing with the effects of UFOs on
our terrestrial activities, we will see how this affinity may have been respon-
sible for causing 36 million people to lose power over an area of 8,000 square
miles.(59)
ulate that UFOs are more concerned with what we will do there, than in
settling here. In any event, the Air Force's official publication (issued by the
ADVERSE POTENTIAL OF UFOS
!

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2341, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Enemy Attack and UFO Potential 465
and have visited earth."(60) And maybe they have exhibited some destruc-
tive effects, whether or not intentionally in every instance, which we need
to consider when drafting a plan for coping with an emergency situation
where UFOs are involved. Some of these documented effects are as follows.
UFO Hazards
The two principal hazards noted with relation to UFOs have been attrib-
uted to powerful electrical fields which they can project in a general or
localized area and the psychological effects they have produced on the gen-
eral populace or individual contacts.
Force Field Impact
The disruption of air and ground travel has often been reported in the
presence of UFOs. The ignition systems of auto and aircraft engines have
apparently been affected by energized force fields to such an extent as to
stop their operation; the headlights and radios have also ceased to function.
Here are a couple of examples. In Buenos Aires, on March 29, 1978, "A
strange force shut off their engine and headlights of their Citroen CG, lifted
it 15 teet off the road, then set it down a minute later and 75 miles to the
north." The driver had noticed a yellow and violet light shining in his rear
view mirror while driving the last leg of a long stock car race, and he realized
that it was approaching too fast to be a competitor. A month later a
Colombian bank manager and a navy officer had their car headlights go off
when buzzed by a UFO, with the navy man suffering temporary paralysis.
Other South American countries in which similar actions were reported
around that time included Argentina, Chile, Peru, and Uruguay.(61)
These effects have also been noted to influence the controls and instru-
ments of aircraft, eg, the pilot of a Piper PH-24 reported that his controls
became inoperable when he was approached by three disk-shaped objects,
1973, over Ohio, where not only did both the UHF and VHF radio wave-
lengths go dead temporarily, but the downward movement of the helicopter
with its tour occupants was levitated upward by a green beam from the UFO
in time to prevent its crash into the ground.(63)
Communications Disruption
occurred, illustrated by the chagrin of President Lyndon Johnson in having
his conversation from the Texas White House cut off while talking to assist
rInS oi communicaons. I

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 2892, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
466 Fire Officer's Guide to Disaster Control
data such as bank records, personnel data, FBI, CIA, and NSA files, along
with critical information of every kind, is not beyond the realm ol
possibility.
Regional Power Blackouts
It has long been suspected that UFOs have the capability of blacking out
a city, state, or many states by exerting a force field sufficient to overload
the circuits of public and private utility installations. "Few things are more
disturbing than to be plunged into pitch darkness without warning; it is
dangerous for masses of people. It paralyzes cities, blocks highways, stops
trains, leaves elevators suspended between floors. In general it simply plays
hell with the modern way of life."(65) You would think that the power com-
panies would have achieved sufficient reliability in their high tech systems
that a mass failure such as that which blacked out New York and New
inconceivable that it could also interfere with generation and distribution
of electrical power. Such a connection was also inferred in November 1953,
when a glowing red object went over a residential area of New Haven,
Connecticut, causing lights to dim out on both sides of the object's path and
then come on when it went out of sight.
Power failures were also reported in association with UFOs in Brazil in
1957 to 1959, Rome, Italy, in 1958; and Mexico in 1965. Likewise, in
Uberlandia, where the power station operators promptly closed the circuits
when the UFO apparently caused them to open, it did no good, and they
were unable to restore the power until the UFO departed.
"The Granddaddy of all blackouts to date was the stygian blanket that
fell over 30 million people in the northeastern corner of the U.S. during the
early evening rush hour period on November 9, 1965."(66) Relay services
that were supposed to automatically transfer the load in case of failure in
one area to an alternate source malfunctioned. Military communications
relying on public power without alternate backup systems also failed, but
communications were operable to make a quick public announcement that
there was no military emergency. Though it was largely over by the next
morning, the official explanation about a malfunctioning small device in a
Canadian hydroelectric generating plant never accounted for the failure of
millions of dollars worth of electronic devices to shift the load when the
breakdown occurred.
Fireballs Over Syracuse-The Blackout Connection
Airplane pilots reported that UFOs were being chased across
Pennsylvania about 4:30 p.M., and electronics and construction engineers
who were driving in the area of the Syracuse airport saw UFOs moving
about 5:30 pM., just prior to the Great Blackout. A veteran flight instructor
who had been flying over Syracuse on a training flight saw a glowing globe
over the power lines leading to the Niagara Falls generating plant. Hundreds

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 325, "chars": 1981, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
Enemy Attack and UFO Potential 467
of others saw the glowing object in the sky on the night of the big power
failure.
That was on November 9th. On December 2nd, about 700,000 persons
in Texas, New Mexico, and Mexico also had their power fail. It was said to
• have originated in a regular failure in El Paso; then on December 5th, three
nights later, 40,000 homes plus military installations in the area of East
Texas were also blacked out—overloaded! Missile grounds (White Sands),
Fort Bliss, Holloman Air Force Base, and numerous airports were all blacked
out (with no emergency power backup), and this was when President
Johnson's telephone call to the White House in Washington, D.C. was cut
off. In response to his request for an explanation, President Johnson was told
that his calls were fed into a cable system that went dead when the surge
of power caused by the El Paso regulator blow-up hit it, and the backup bat-
teries didn't work. Though it may be debatable whether the above cases of
electrical transmission failure were merely coincidences with UFO activity,
an incident on April 18, 1962, involving a UFO that had been tracked from
ut it was restored when the UFO left. The object was pursued by jet inter
eptors summoned from Phoenix and Stead Field in Reno until it explode
over the Mesquite Range in Nevada in a brilliant glare that was visible over
five states.(67)
UFOs-The Panic Hazard
The second major disastrous effect that UFO activity, real or imag-
Martians. It was broadcast on Halloween of 1938 during the period o
he invasions of Germany into Austria and Japan into China. "Th
brigades."(68)
often cited for the tight secrecy on government UFO research findings is
the need to prevent the possible panic that a revelation of the trutt
might arouse. Rumors that people were being abducted, dematerialized,
burned, made radioactive, rounded up and impounded, liquidated with
ray guns and lasers or shipped off to Mars or Venus might well give rise

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 471, "chars": 2951, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
468 Fire Officer's Guide to Disaster Control
rons zooming across the landscape from California to New York, Toronto
to Mexico City, communications disrupted, widespread power failures,
airports and railroads paralyzed, highways turned into giant parking lots
of immobilized vehicles full of terrified motorists, the problem of restor-
ing order and sanity would be a tremendous challenge to all of the emer-
gency services, assuming their personnel would remain calm, detached,
and able to resist the human impulse to put the safety and well being of
their own families ahead of the public's. To make matters worse, some of
the more excitable gun owners might be tempted to rush out Rambo
fashion, and in utter disregard of the damage that falling bullets might
cause innocent residents below their fallout, start firing at the evasive
objects regardless of the range.
Personal Hazards-Physiological
The force field affects on the physical environment-communication,
transportation, illumination, and computerized data storage—have
already been considered. We might have added that some physical
effects have been observed at locations where UFOs have landed—
circular patterns of crops destroyed by heat or radiation and baking or
sterilization of the soil at the site.
On a more practical basis there may be grounds for concern that
more than just the environment can be adversely affected by UFO
actions. While pursuing UFOs, military aircraft have disappeared in
mid-air, exploded, and suffered harassment. Persons on the ground have
sustained serious burns, paralysis, and "blows" from a force field, radi-
ated emissions, or rays and beams that have been described like that of
a "stun-gun"(69)
In 1980, three witnesses saw a red ball of light hovering above
houses in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, when suddenly a bolt of blue light
shot down and two houses burst into flames.(70) An Indiana man saw a
bright light flash pass his window; the power went off in his house so
he went outside to investigate and found a brilliantly lit object hovering
above him; when he started to walk toward it his body commenced to
tingle and he was unable to move until the object disappeared.. A similar
tingling sensation swept over another man in Lynn, Massachusetts, one
night when he approached a domed object with a red glowing cone ris-
ing trom a parking lot. He too was immobile until the object moved ou
or sight. Some believe that even animals may be at risk by UFOs; in try
ing to account for the death of 15 ponies, the leader of an investigative
team believed they were crushed by the anti-gravity field of a flying sau-
cer as it took off.(71)
Thus, UFOs may not only have the power to control some of our
military and industrial establishment's highly technical scientific hard-
ware, they may also possess the ability to impose pain and control over
people who attempt to attack them, even to the extent of "liquidating"
them in one way or another.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 429, "chars": 2651, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Enemy Attack and UFO Potential 469
UFOS-EMERGENCY ACTION
In view of the fact that many UFOlogists believe that we are fast
approaching a time when overt landings of UFOs will become less remark-
able, and in the absence of our knowing whether their visits are friendly
or hostile, it would not be remiss to give some thought to the part that fire
departments might play in the event of the unexpected arrival of UFOs in
their communities. For example, what would be your course of action as an
incident commander at the scene of a school ground where a UFO has
crashed into the boiler room, rupturing a fuel line, and ignition has occurred
dead and treat the survivors? How would the presence of children on the
school grounds affect your actions? What persons and agencies would be
notified?
The authors have never read any advice on these matters. The following
admonition was printed on the inside front jacket of Frank Edward's book
on flying saucers:
WARNING
"Near approaches of UFOs can be harmful to human
beings. Do not stand under a UFO that is hovering at low alti-
ude. Do not touch or attempt to touch a UFO that has landed
n either case the safe thing to do is to get away from there ver
quickly and let the military take over. There is a possibility
of radiation danger and there are known cases where persons
have been burned by rays emanating from UFOs. Don't take
chances with UFOs!"
In view of the federal law (cited earlier) empowering NASA's adminis-
trator to impound, without a hearing, anyone who touches a UFO or its
occupants, it would be inadvisable to make personal contact unless you are
willing to submit to NASA's quarantine requirements, should the law be
invoked.
Besides the possible physical effects of approaching a UFO, e.g., burns,
radiation, etc., there may be psychological effects produced by force fields
that could induce a hypnotic state in the viewer, loss of consciousness, mem-
ory relapse, and submission to the occupants. Jacques Vallee, author of The
Invisible College cautions that we should consider psychic effects, such as
space-time distortions experienced by percipients of craft-like devices
which appear to fade away-dematerialize-and then reappear; of alien,
strange voices or thoughts that may effect involuntary changes in the man-
ner in which witnesses may react in such circumstances.(72)
Perhaps the above warnings of Edwards and Vallee are a little too cau-
tous and apprehensive to adopt as a general pattern of conduct in every sit-
uation. In the absence of overt acts indicating hostility, there may be no
danger in approaching a landing (or landed) UFO with a positive, solicitous

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1795, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
470 Fire Officer's Guide to Disaster Control
Some combination of air and ground units should be available to treat potential victims of
unexplained aerial phenomena. (Photo courtesy of Ron Buckingham.)
attitude of wanting to be of service. This nonaggressive mental state may
be telepathically sensed by those aboard or emerging from the craft; a form
of nonvocal communication is a possibility. It goes without saying that any
display of firearms or other weapons on your part could be construed as
unfriendly and likely to thwart your intention of conveying a helpful
attitude.
In a best case scenario, you may be able to obtain guidance as to the
appropriate actions to take, whether of a life-saving nature, e.g., in
quelling a fire, abating a spill, and of preservation of property, or even in
the reduction of apprehension on the part of your response team and the
spectators.
In a less optimistic scenario, you may have engine trouble upon
approaching the scene, and radio contact could be lost with your dispatcher.
If at night, your headlights could go out, the city could be blacked out, and
your portable generators may malfunction when you attempt to use them
for fans and portable lights. It would certainly be an inopportune time tor
your comrades to announce that they had decided to take their pensions,
effective immediately.
In any event, the incident could provide invaluable experience for further
training in coping with rare and difficult emergencies. Whatever "inside"
information you are able to pass along to your fellow officers and citizens
of the world might help to alleviate unreasonable fear, so that there would
be less likelihood that we would ever again experience the panic and hys-
teria that was created by War of the Worlds a half century ago. Truth is the

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 2573, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Enemy Attack and UFO Potential 471
best cure for the unknown. A list of some of the available books on
Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) is found in Appendix H.
CONCLUSION
Some fire chiets have little confidence in disaster plans, especially those
dealing with UFOs or enemy attack. If you develop a plan that sets forth your
responsibilities, resources, organizations, supplies information, telephone
numbers, and special data that will be useful in obtaining help and fulfilling
your role in disaster control, commit it to an electronic medium, a computer
with a capability for continuous updating through modern word processing
Bring it forth when the need requires. With a good plan, good leadership,
and adequate resources, you may save many lives in any disaster, including
attack from possible enemies.
CHAPTER 13 REFERENCES
1. Smith, Jack. "The Night L.A. Bombed," Los Angeles Times, September 9, 1975, Part
I, p. 1.
2. World Book Encyclopedia, Volume 21, p. 21, Chicago, IL Field Enterprises
Educational Corporation, 1976.
3. Cloud, Stanley W. "Gathering Storm" in Time, September 3, 1990, pp. 24-28.
4. "Secret History of the War" in Newsweek, March 18, 1991, p. 28.
5. "Snubbing People Power" in U.S. News & World Report, April 8, 1991, p. 38.
6. Worid Book Encyclopedia, Vol. 21, p. 22. Field Enterprises Educational Corporation,
Chicago, IL 1976.
7. "Preparing for Iraqi Chemical Warfare," photo and story in Time, September 3, 1990,
8. "Steel Rain" in Newsweek, March 18, 1991, p. 31.
9. See note 2, volume 9, p. 416.
10. See Chapter 8 for a more in-depth discussion of terrorism.
11. Gilliam, J. "A-Bomb Materials Can Be Stolen, Expert Says," Los Angeles Times,
December 11, 1975, Part II, p. 1.
2. Nuclear Blackmail Emergency Response Plan for the State of California, Officer
of Emergency Service, State of California, June 1976
13. "After the Storm" in Newsweek, March 11, 1991, Pp. 26-29.
14. Nuclear Attack and Industrial Survival, McGraw-Hill Publishing Company Special
Report, 1962, p. 52.
15. Willenson, K., and L. Norman. "Missiles on the Move" in Newsweek, February 16,
1976, p. 42.
16. CBS News broadcast, April 1991.
17. Disaster Planning Guide for Business and industry, Defense Civil Preparedness
Agency, 1974, p. 7, U.S. Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C.
18. L. A. Postal Report, Volume 10, No. 9, April 23, 1965, p. 2, Los Angeles, CA.
19. Worldwide Effects of Nuclear War-Some Perspectives, a Report of the U.S. Arms
Control and Disarmament Agency, 1975, p. 5, U.S. Government Printing Office,
Washington, D.C.
20. Ibid. p. 6.
-

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 382, "chars": 3262, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
472 Fire Officer's Guide to Disaster Control
21. "Turning Up the Heat on the Greenhouse" in Newsweek, April 22, 1991, p. 69.
22. See note 19, p. 6.
23. See note 19, p. 5.
24.
"Deadly Meltdown" in Time, May 12, 1986, p. 39.
25. "A 'Big 50' for Pearl Harbor in USA Today, Thursday, May 9, 1991, p. 3A.
26. Bahme, Charles W. Fire Officer's Guide To Disaster Control, 1st ed., Boston, MA:
NFPA 1978, p. 340.
27. Fire Ejfects of Bombing Attacks, Technical Manual 9-2, October 1959, Office of Civil
Defense Mobilization, U.S. Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C.
28. Fire Aspects of Civil Defense, TR-25, Office of Civil Defense, July 1968, p. 4, U.S.
Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C.
29. World Book Encyclopedia, 1991.
30. Disaster Operations, Defense Civil Preparedness Agency, 1972, p. 29, U.S.
Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C.
31. Bruno, Hal. "The Wait May Be Over at FEMA" in Firehouse, Vol. 15, No. 5 (May
1990) p. 10.
32.. See note 30, p. 40.
33. The U.S. Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. has several publications
available as of 1991 which suggest measures that can be taken to safeguard dwellings
and other buildings, in preparation for a nuclear attack; they illustrate the relative
protection afforded for fallout radiation by various types of construction and in var-
ious locations within a building. Two available from the U.S. Government Printing
Office, are Fallout Protection and In Time of Emergency, both Office of Civil Defense.
34. Weldon, Curt. "The Fight for Fire Protection" in Firehouse, Vol. 16, No. 4 (April
1991), p. 20.
35. Radio Broadcast on station KSHE, St. Louis, MO, reported on April 25, 1991.
36. Edwards, Frank. Flying Saucers—Serious Business, NY: Lyle Stuart, 965, p. 315.
37. World Book Encyclopedia, World Book Inc., 1988, Vol. 20, p. 19.
38. Sagan, Carl, and Thornton Page. UFOs-A Scientific Debate, Cornell Univ., 1972,
p. 44.
39. Ibid. p. 51.
40. Readers Digest. Mysteries Of The Unexplained, p. 219.
41. Steiger, Brad, Editor. Project Blue Book, NY: Ballantine Books, 1976, p. 170.
42. Uphoff, Walter and Mary Jo, New Psychic Frontiers, Colin Smyth Ltd., 1975, p. 152.
43. Ibid., quoting Dr. James Harder, University of California.
44. Ibid. p. 152.
45. Macomber, Frank. "UFOs Spotted by Astronauts Still Haven't Been Identified," Santa
Cruz Sentinel, April 17, 1974, p. 30.
46. APRO's address was given as 3910 E. Kleindale Rd., Tucson, Arizona, 85716.
47. Lorenzen, Jim and Coral. UFOs Over America, NY: Signet, 1958, pp. 182 et seq.
48. Ibid. p. 186.
49. Lofton, Robert. Identified Flying Saucers, NY: David McKay Co., 1968, p. 86.
50. Kehoe, Donald, Major. Aliens From Space, The Real Story of the UFOs, New York:
Doubleday, 1972.
51. Friedman, Stanton. Cosmic Watergate, New Realities, 1979; Hynek, J. Allen,
"UFOs," This World, Aug. 30, 1981, p. 13.
52, Zullo, Allan A. "I Believe That Earth Has Been Visited By Creatures From Outer
Space," National Enquirer, December 1973.
53. Ibid. p. 2.
54. Press Democrat, October 10, 1989, p. A-5; also reported in weekly news magazines;
see notes 22 and 23.
55. Time, October 23, 1989: Newsweek, October 30, 1989; UFO update, Omni, January
1990.
56. U.S. News & World Report, "UFOs in Uncle Sam's Closet," October 23, 1989, p.
19.
•

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 96, "chars": 891, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Enemy Attack and UFO Potential 473
57. Streiber, Whitley. Communion, NY: William Morrow, 1987, p. 15.
58. Adamski, George, Inside the Flying Saucers, NY: Paperback Library, 1967, p. 11.
59. Fuller, John. Incident at Exeter, cited in UFO Update, in New Realities, 1978, p. 52
60. "Shooting Down The Flying Saucers," Los Angeles Times, December 15, 1959, Pt.
61. Boudreaux. Richard. "South Americans Take UFOs Seriously," Los Angeles Times,
November 29, 1978, Pt. VI, p. 7.
62. See note 6, p. 224.
63. Randles, Jenny. The UFO Conspiracy, NY: Sterling Pub. Co., 1990, p. 105.
64. See note 1, p. 267.
65. See note 1, p. 255.
66. Ibid. p. 259.
67. Ibid. p. 269.
68. See note 4, p. 216.
69. Blundell, Nigel, and Roger Boar. The World's Greatest UFO Mysteries, NY: Berkeley
Books, 1990, p. 175.
70. Ibid. p. 176.
71. Ibid. p. 179.
72. Vallee, Jacques. The Invisible College, NY: E. P. Dutton, 1975
