{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T11:38:25Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1390444, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116702-cia-information-report-7-31-1950-re-german-scientists-article-on-flying-discs-in-condor-mag.pdf", "source_sha256": "1978129ec7184ab33898747c8512b8326bc96ba9a36429148ae13dc5fed6d7c1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 115, "chars": 795, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CLASSIFICATION
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
INFORMATION REPORT
COUNTRY Chilo/Comany
SUBJECT
PLACE
ACQUIRED
DATE OF
INFO.
Frior to nid-1950
German Scientist's urticle on "Flying Disco"
232.
REPORT NO. SO D-273
CD NO.
000010
DATE DISTR.
NO. OF PAGES 1
31 July 1950
NO. OF ENCLS. 1
(LISTED BELOW)
SUPPLEMENT TO
REPORT NO.
* Documentar/
THIS IS UNEVALUATED INFORMATION
SOURCE
Attached for your informatios is a copy, in translation, of ad article
subnitted by Be Eduard Luavis for publication in Condor, a Gertian language
mugazine published in Chile.
the articlo is entitled "Ibe hystery of tbo
'Flying Dises,' a contribution to its possible explanation".
Sir rep it but liveng
scu: tut intheisepest in that tie sahandice!.
tippe of
ARCHIVAL RECORD
PLEASE ALTERIL DO
ARENAX, ARCHIVES,
D-
..E nor 28

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 651, "chars": 4076, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CENTRAL INTELLIMONCE AGLIICY
-I-
SO DE-2743
Attachmont 1
TIE MYSTERY OF THE "FLYING DISCS"
A contribution to its possible explanation.
000011
By DE. Luard Ludwig, santiago, Chile.
Av. Cristobal Colon 1916
Though the continuously reappearing reports on the appearance of now,
mystorious aircraft of unmoun construction chould be considerod with severe
stepticic as the result of a sort of mass-hypnosis, nevertheless Bose of the
detsiled and coinciding accounts of technieally trained observers desarve atten-
tion and permit one to draw conelusiont as to the probable classification of
these neu aireraft.
Since so far the observations have been nade mainly in the darl, which
neans that only the luminous parts of the craft are visible, every roport brings
the description of shining dises or circles. If one should discerd the absurd
conjecture that these afrcraft originate from beyond this earth, then it is easy
to arrive at the conclusion that the shining circles bear a relation to the 'ex-
haust of a rotary gas-turbine. The possibility exists that the rotor of a tur
bine is used at the same time as a stabilizing top and is therefore fixed
vertically to the level of the other turbine rings, which in the dariness pro-
duces the effeat of the "rings of Satura".
These observations renind no of e completely new typo of circraft which was
developed during the years I worled in the research plant of Professor Junkers
in Dossau, which was attached to the airplane factories known ali over the world.
I do not mow how nany of my co-workers aro still alive today, but I do know that
DI. Bock, Professor at the Technical ligh School of Berlin, and who was at that
tine my chief and friand of many years, has been deportad to the Soviet Union.
The name of Professor Bock was never widely knoun due to his modest character,
but he may have been the greatest gendus of German airplane theoretics, and later,
In view of his extraordinory faculties, be was noned head constructor of the illnistry
of Geran Lruys and Direator of the Gersen Institute of Airuays Research in
Berlin-Adlershof.
In order to explain to a wider circle of readers the basic idea of the new air
craft, I should lik to submit first the following explanations:
The first [physiciad and mathematician who considered the new Science of Aero
dynamics after the correncenont of purely experimental developments of aircraft
construction was the Russian Professor Julousld of Moscow.
Before the first Horld
War and together with my esteened teacher, Dr. Kutta froz the Technical Rish School
of Stuttgart, Germany, be developed the theory of airplane-wingbean.. Professor
Kutta suceeded in establishing the famous "Differential equation of the boundary
i trate which for the fittine throws to the proceed on part cl
and which in any case explains for the first tine theoratically the reason why a
planeving can bear a load while moving forward through the air.
Sinoe then the
"Kutta-Jukowski Theory of Airplane-wingbeam" bas been the foundation of all aero
dynamias. As alresay pentioned,
the core of this work is the so-called "boundery
he's stretta", which consists of the
thin layer of air in wirich the transition of
Velocity Zero to the Velocity of the loving Object takes place.
strea-lined then the boundary stratum will endeavor not to sever, no whirlwinds will
occur, and therefore no loss of onergy will taim place in that stratum. Since
nature always functions most economically, it always tries to avoid loss of energy,
and therefore a planewing would rather boar weight than cause a disruption of the
course of the ourrent and let the wing drop.
The logical conolunions based on these theoretio discoveries vero obvious:
already in the year 1915 Professor H. C. Bauran, also from the Technical High School
of Stuttgart, reocived a patent on the "Splitwing" through which the art1f1oial
interruption of the course of the current, the tearing of the boundary stratus and
the consoquent braing and dininishing of the lending spoed would be attered. Tals
ARCAN :0000
PLEASE RETURN TO
AGENCY ARCHIVES,

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 667, "chars": 4245, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CENTRAL ITELLIGCICE AGENCY
-2-
SO DB-27143
Attachrent 1
000012
procedure was Inter applied to a great extent to the fighter plane liuster Ju. SE
This patent had to be handed to the Inglish
Lacery any fare poor is far tended to shaad to the o2 tendley-
Page iplitwine" is nose widely inown.
However, developcants proceeded. It was principally the herodynanic Ex-
perimental Institute of the Gottingen University, directed by the renouned
Professors Prandtl and Betz, and Constructor Flettnor, which drew its conclusions
Iron the theory of the airplane-wing-bean.
Flettner proved that the conditions
of a rotating
object are sinilar to those which appear in a "translatorischen"
Thus evoived the "Flettrer-rotor".
Professor Junkers,
Junctures, ordered a research group, which was headed by Professor Dr. Bock, end
to which I had the honor to belong,
to investigate to what extent the uplift of a
wing could be increased through the attachment of a Flettner-hotor in the shape of
a cylinder turning at great speed. The cylinder was two-thirds of the length of
the wing and was installed in the nose of the wing, where it could best be adapted
to the wing's profile.
Io assiot us with aorodynanic problems, the Gottingen
University sent us Professor Prandtl. The experiments turned out to be extresely
difficult and involved many casualties.
The purely technical question of the
speedy uplift of a long cylinder of light construction could not be solved at that
tine.
Inesplicable vibrations and axle brealages occurred tine after tine which
Professor Julers ordered us to Investigate, and with which we were pecupied for sonths
Not less than four sen, all experienced and tried pilots of the first world war and
outstanding engineers, died in these experinents. It was clear to us that only a
gas-turoine could produce the direct uplift of the cylinder.
However, since Dean-
while nore prossing probless nualted solution, experiments with this type of cir
craft were interrupted.
¡banwhile the Jerodynanic Experinental Instituto of Gottingen made nev and
enlightoning discovaries.
Frofessor Betz found that supersonic speeds, such as
are produced by quickly rotating propellers, created entirely new conditions.
This investigation, however, reeded the furnishing of a wind tunnel for supersonic
speeds unlob could only be built rany years later, and which after the war was
forvarded to the United States wiere it grectly anazed all scientists.
Hou light was shed on cany things. It was found that the tearing of the
boundary stratim at supersonic speeds involved much greater resistance, so that
an object with full atospheric pressure pract! cally "bangs" froz the upper layer
of air, and tbeoretically experiences there the sane uplift as an object of the
sane surface in the water.
into reality, however,
turbine or anotber equivalent sachine or instrument.
It had often been observed that the range of outdily rotating nissiles ("Drall
wirlung") was much greater than could be explained according to the laus of
bellistics. Paradoxieal explanations were sought for this such as that the air
resistance decreaces with growing speeds. loday ve know that these quickly rotating
missiles "swim" in the aurrounding lavors of air and therefore lose part of their
Full olarification was brought about only with supersonic speeds, which
were obtainod in the experiments with rockets (V-2) and wore arrived at by flights
of many hundreds and thousands of kilaseters, and which can only be explained by
the vaj in which these missiles Ilterally "hang" in the air.
The surprise of the
specialised sciontists the world over at the astounding results of the Gercan V-2
was not less than that which is produced today by the appearance of the mysterious
"Flying Disas".
In the sane way in which the ingenious discernont of Professor Junkers
pointed the way for airplane construction for the whole world, thus also ray his
idea of attachin Flettner Rotors have a revolutionary effect.
11rplanes of this
type must havo such an enormous carrying oapacity as to be practically comparable
to amphibious planes of the same aire.
The lack of uplift produced by the Flatter
Rotors can easily be achieved through the oblique position of the entire airplane
PL.CAS: •

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 228, "chars": 1467, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CENTRAL IITELLIGENCE AGENCI
000013
30 Di-27143
Attachment 1
-30
with a positive otarting angle in connection with the onormously high starting
The attaching of spoodily rotating tops assures side stability. There
1s also the possibility of attaching horizontal awciliary propellers of the
helicopter type. Lad what about the question of the starting forco? The safoty
of such an aireraft stands and falle on the starting foroa of the cylinders, an
only too vell do I ronenber the casualties inflicted by the lack of it. As I
mentioned before, only the development of a gas-turbine can bring the solutios,
since it consists only of rotating parts and works with the dependability of a
stean engine.
There is only one nore question to be ancuered: could such an aircraft
catal Sal for worldwide jaraTis tin islandi
the affimative. In the first place such an aircraft has a trenandous carryin
capacity; as we have already seen; and in the second place chenical reseerch has
made astounding developents in this respect. We lmou today-quite apert fron
stonie energy-artiers of energ of unsuspected pover and duration. It should ie
resenbered that the sissiles of Geran anti-tank weapons ware coated with chanical
the future will show whether the "Plying Discs" are only the prodots of
inagination or whether they are the results of a far-advanced German solence which,
possibly, as well ae the nearly finisbed atonic borbs, may have fellen into the
hands of the Russians.
