{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T11:01:17Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 426424, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116738-director-of-central-intelligence-excerpts-osi-flying-saucers-chadwell.pdf", "source_sha256": "7d5673d4947199659b447560b010301368a6b63b8e8ce88f5f023d7326c051d3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 233, "chars": 1759, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
#26
27C
operational inclusion to the CIA's "DIRECTORATE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY" branch.
Its "OFFICE OF SCIENTIFIC INTELLIGENCE" through the "Directorate of Operations
CLANDESTINE SERVICES" kept under global survey and control the UFOs operation,
collected reports of investigation and scientific disclosures obtained from
foreign governmental (scientific, military) and non-governmental UFO research
sources.
• EXCERPTS of the Office of Scientific Intelligence fundamental information
and guidelines to treat the UFO problem within the US intelligence community in
co-operation with the military forces intelligence:
SG7ET
rec.asailied b
ato 20 APE 197:
P53375
MEMORANDUM FOR: Direstor of Central Zetelligence
THRUS
SUBJEC"
= Deputy Director (Intalligerce)
& Flying Saucers :
23
CSETI
P.Q. #15401
ASHEVILLE, NC 28813
83
20 PROSIE!
To dotermine:
ao Hhotber there are national security implications is tho problem
of "unidentifled flying objects" 1o0. Ilying saucers;
bo Whether adequate study and ressarca is currently being discated
to this probles in 12s relation to such rational cecurity laplications;
e. What further Investigation ard research should be instituted,
by whoa, ar under what sogis.
20 FACIS BEARIN ON THE PROBLE
a. OSI has Lavegtigated the vark currently being perfarsed on
Liyinz saucers and has found tbat:
(1) The only unit of Corerrent currently studying the problem
is the Directorate of Intolligence, "SiF, which has charged the Ai.
Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC) with responsibility for 10-
vestigating the reports of sightings.
(2) AS ATIC there is a small group consisting of a reserve
investigation or the reports either itsel: or through consultatioa
with other fir Force officers or with civilian lechnical consultants.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2435, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
84
on 5lying stucors, thaisa indro Groryko lad nada one arzorcus
Isation of che subjecto
Fith a Stata-contraried press» tito could
result oriy Iran aa Ofiicial pollez dsciziono sue geostion, there-
Iose, frises as to whettes os nou inesa sightinea:
(=) Could te controlled,
(0) Cordia te predistes, sta
(0) Could be usai irca, a pazchological martase poist of
VIEN Ciibor Offargivaly Or deIarSiTElT.
Ena publie corcesa ritt the pienarera, unicu is reflected su tha i
Trires Sities press an in frassia of Inguity ipar dio di5 IDIcE,
iralottas itat there is a fais propartion of aus popi-aiuon stica
is Mentalls comitioned to the acceprarsa of tha incredibico Is
Iata fact lies the potential ior tie tosching ali ai mass husteria
and 125i20.
: (2) Lir PurersolliEz - The initod States his warairs, Sistes
rili undoutiedly alssys degend cpon a combination oi Isdas sorten-
279 ari visual obserrationo wo gira Russis the preseni capabiliti
Di dollvering in air ettact Bgainst u5s yut Di ZNY BI70Z Toain
non, thara mey te current a disan officiel anidentified sigatings
plus sera unofficiol.
It ert rotent of attick, vo ara po» Lu a
positloa shara wo cannoi, on ei instant basls, distinguist hardo
"ilo fren panton, eri as tozzion saints le will sia tho increasion
risli es felsa plsrto ari the ersa srantes danzat di lalsala sdanti-
*ying 14a r02I as phantato
Do Both of thera grollers ers priarlo opuratiosa, in suturo bat
each costains readily apparert intelligarca Idolosso "50u da opasto
tionsi point ai vier, thra sutiors asa saguireds
(1) Insediato stops sould 3s takaa to inprove identification
ol bott visual sad electronio phanian so thai sis tha avert of Do
ettacs, Listant and positivo ientification of 628Iy planEs o5
Ilasilea cas bi mados
(2) A study shorld ba instituted to datesine inst, Li eys
utilization cola de rade oi ibase pienarena by vaited ststes
Dsychological vistare plarzers, and sust, il any, desenses sitola
la plancei in anticipatina of foriet altrepts lo utilizo thesso
(3) A national paller should be established as to stat steuld
te toli the public regarding the penamera, lo order to minisire
titi ai panico
io Intelligence probiens Laclude;
(1) Ihe present lerel of Fusslan Inosiedge regardios thess
Irencisedao
(2) Possible soviet intentions ard capabilitles to utilize
these phezonena to tha detrinent oi US necurity interasts.
(3) Ire reagons lor silence in the soviet Press Irgardino
Alying saucesso

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2471, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
621
Dajos Air force bases Lave Leen ordered to zake iatorcaptians of
unidentified Ilying objectso
27B
(4) Ihe research being carrito on 1s stricIly on a case basis
'and appears to be designed solely to attempt a satisiactory ex-
planacion of each individual sighting as it oscurso
(5) ATIC has concluded as arrangement with fattelle Memorial
Instituto los the latter to establist a machine indexing syster
SOr SíLiciai =eports of gistiingso
(6) Since 1947, ATIC has received approsimately 1500 of[icia]
Ieports of sightings plus an erosnous volune of letters, phosse
calls ant press reports. During the month of july 1952 r10zes Of
sical reports totaled 250%
Ol the 1500 reports, dis force carries
202 as unexplaired and of those Ieceived Jaruesg throaga eniy 1952
¿t carries 20% unerplasted.
30 DISCUSSIOT
Eo OSI enterod into its Lagairy fully esare that it sas cerirs
Isto e Ilold alrsary charter sith particarsuie, oro la sinica cüjaco
tlity lai lees overriadon ly sosroas rezactioral aiters, ard cos
La vinich leGrE 550 pressures SOT ExtrapaganE OrpIaBatiCha Es NOll =E
los orarsisplicitica. Tau 03I icas corseltsa mith a roproscatativo
di ilí Fasca Soecial Stules Group, alsousai the probles vita thors
aidesabla volta oi intelliganco roposta; checoed tha COTIDI PrOES ZaS
Ercadom inicesi and confertsd vita tisso OSI consaltaris, II Iszdorisi
I= taoi5 s0isatlelo Iscids, sho nere caosso dacaaa0 Of 13255 DE020
Inuiluige of the tochaicrl eresa costeanado
Ios rostrosented thet
a tEsay group de formal to periora liste furationss
(1) Aralyzo and systrantizo the Iscicia oi InforatIon reist
"urs the fundamertal probles)
(2) Deterniza tha Ilelds al fumanenial solessa stic rst
da invastigatad is ascos to resca en unessturalos os tira pio.
nadera involved; asd
(3) Mato rocosandasions far tho inflistion ci aparopsisto
POSEITCS,
Dr, Jollas do Stratton, Pico ProBLibri oI tha Masssabusotis Institzio
Oi TeciLaDiETa, das indiciiod to CSI that suci a f753) COU D3 C.JM-
siltzisi at tirst Isiltuto, SLaLlOIly, Projost Lincoli, tha Lis FOrCO
ei dosersa projesi et illi, coula ba ciarzod ulta shese sospossibillisiso
Lo CONCIISIONS
so The Ilying sercer situation conisiro tro elsnento ol cargar
mulch, i5 a situation of internation, tensica, have saticz], secarit"
Implicationdo Passo ases:
(1) Esycholoelcri - tita orle-ride digatings roportad, it .
tio Souz thai, ip to the tino el au Itrestigatios, thera bal
bees in the Russian pidEs DO report os crcart, 6yat natisica,

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1848, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
do Intelligence responsibilities in this field as regards bott.
collestion and aralysis can be discharged with maximus effectivenesS
only after such sore is brom regarding the exact sature of these
prenorena.
The problem transcends the level of individual departrantal
responsibmities, and is oi 5icu Importance as to merit cogniazaco
aná as in ty the wittonal Security COnticio
5. Additional research, diflering in character and emphasia §con
that presently being perforned by AIT Force, ViLl be reguised to rest
the specific zeeds of both operations and Intelligencz.
5. RECCINEKDAIIONS
It is recoyasted trIts
2. Ina Director cí Cartral Intolligeno advise the listional.
Security council of tha securiiy inplications Irerent iu the Ilyius
saucer probles vita the request that, undie: his statutosy C005312-
ting authority, the Disocior al Central intelligenco be empereres to
¡sitiato tbrough the appropriate agencies, eilios vithia or vitacut
the Governant, the lavestigatina nud research tacassary to saira
the probies of bustant portive identification a Huntilies [plag
objecis"
do CIA, uner dis assigao resporsibilitios, and in cooperaisoa
with tha psychalogical Straingy Soard, imedialols Investigats 10851-
L2o OISEmiTa or desersiva natlization ai ira phencere los esychologi-
EsI sarfare pirposes borb for and agairt the United Sinters advising
SatIs sfoscios charged rita vose intertal Jocurity of aDy portinasi
Similags erfecting their areas di responsibllity.
c. On the basis of these prograns of reseaich; CIA develop and
recamend for adoption by the Natioral Security Council i policy ai
public sadoration shich wILi minimize ite ISsk of panic.
5. HARSHALL CHADIELE
Assistant Directos
Scientific Infelligence
Hese as
OST/sastrongsba(11 Soptember 2952)
Orig. & 4 - Addressee
1 • 4d/SI
2 - Daily Reeding
31= Chron
Subject i ass dires
