{"created_utc": "2026-09-08T16:55:03Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 189215, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304051628824846, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116747-cia-signal-officers-complete-training-course-8-3-65.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540603470000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116747-cia-signal-officers-complete-training-course-8-3-65.pdf", "source_sha256": "6c114fafe825a916bbbbaaf93d0454aca2e1cd2fd970fcd0100c2370215d7cf0"}

~._..._ "


                                                                 DDD 6713:
                                                                             05fi4
                       '_      . .                               ._-
                                     ISRAEL
                                                             i•
SIGRAL CLAPS GBICFR3 C0 1Xf.TRAL1IRO CCURSE »             Tel Aviv,
Bamehaaeh,'3 Aug 65"

    A ceremony marking the completion of.another sijal officers
course was held recently at the'Sigaa2 School. Brig-Can hhtityahu
Pelod, Chief of the Qasrtermuter Branch (Aga) sMresscd the gradua-'..
Ling officers. Second Lieutenent Gavriel Sondbsimsr via the out-
standing student of this clans e$ Lt Ya's1 Bakenrot, ths,first .
female student accepted for a iigaal of icon courat, vca n model
student.                                              . , . . .. .
              C^OMPIIWPS TRAIRIPO AT'HILITARY'ACADEW =- To].Avir,
LARGEST CLASS ''
Bsi.r   sw
             oh,   3   ue
                        A~'O   6 5             • -


    A ceremony marking the completion of another class was held
at the Military Boarding School (annexed to the Run School in
Batfa). This is the 11th class and lr.rgeat held so far. 'The'
graduates were addressed by SJ Gen Yitshaq Rabin, Chief of Staff
of the mF; Col Shelomoh Amber, Chief of the Training C~tnd;
Dr Rehir of the Beau School; Attorney Ye'agov Solomon, Chairs-
of the Supervisory Board of the Boarding School; eM Lt Col
Eliyabu Oren, Commander of the Boarding School. Dan Pesch was the
outstanding student of the class. In answer to'questiona, Colonel
then disclosed that during this year the largest class of students
completed their training (30 from kl trainees). During this year
more than 900 boys applied .for enrollment in 2 military bcarding
school.

ACTIV1TLES CII+ E?GINEERI"1G CPS -- Tel Aviv, Bamahaneh, 3 Aug 65
    The Tel Aviv Minicipality has started the laying of the founda-
tions for a bridge, which will be built over the Rabal Rilon (Wadi
Hiarara) by the Engineering Corps. The --= *-'dge will connect     •
the Petah Tdgwah highway with the Gib :.t ?i;ra•_ street in Tel
Aviv. The bridge, which will be bui:t at the end c August, will
be little bit shorter than.the bridge built by the rps over the
Teflon River several weeks ago. The n'.v bridge is b meters long,
3.5 meters wide, and L5 meters high. The concen*.ation of materials
of the engineering company, whjh erected the bridge, took 3-L days
and the building itself only 1 /2 days.
    The Engineering Corps has completed the paving of a patrol
road along the Jordanian border.


                                                                  (cant'4)

                                      10
                                                                 #0249 ,;_..
         •                                               >rDD/EEfT Sep $5 . OpQS
          ~c°oslav ltaliata, as employee of the risen brane of the State       68
     ^sak,       reported to the CX that on 14 August, shortly otter ZCO•
     `ours, ..a Strekonice Okres of the South Zohemisn kraj, between the
     Ti71ng", of Rasejofce and tare, be sM Jiri Cadek, a resident of •'
     :hare, ...ter four light.discs in the sky. .The Sour discs were all the
     same e     a ce from one snottier end formed a clang line above the
     earth. It appeared that they were standing in one place. According
     to his ...port, several more discs appeared after about 5 minutes.
     The di;.. broke the regular Soxmation and gradually disappeared.
     Both Ienomena lasted only a few seconds.
       • Dr. Vladimir Outh, director of the Ondnjov observatory std
     a corresponding member of the Czecboslovak Academy of Sciences,'
     reported in connection with Salista's observation: "Recent
     press reports have prepared people to watch the sky more. Naturally
     we cannot classify every curious sight as extraterrestrial. I do
     not believe in flying saucers. There could be several explanations
     of the phenomenon. The .destruction artificial satellites and
     carrier rockets causes similar phenonena. . I was witness to the .
     destx,mtion of a Cosmot artificial, satellite. It suddenly lit up
     and exploded into small gloving pieces. We were not the first to
     witness such a penonenon. Artificial satellites regularly break
     up into 5 or 6 pieces.

C      • 'tram the meteorological circtmistances ass astronomical data
     for that day we can conclude that the 'something' observed was a
     solid body which was 25 kilometers above the earth. If a ]movn
     artificial satellite was destroyed we will know it later. It is
     probable, however, that it involved rocket signals customary
v.   in military maneuvers. The possibility is not ruled out that
     secret experiments are being conducted in the atmosphere the or-
     patters of which want to distract attention from themselves by
     spreading news about flying saucers." (EEDPR, T Sep 65)

     DETECTION OF SENSITIVITY TO RADIATION
          Prague Miada Fronts of 24 August 1965 carries an article by
     Dr. Milan Poepisil, Candidate of Sciences, of the Institute of
     Biophysics of the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences in Bran. After
     dealing with contemporary scientific research sad results in radio-
     biology, Pospisil states that his institute has proven that by
     fbUzwing the rate of metabolism it is possible to predict sensitiv-
     ity of individuals to radiation. The reasons for such reactions
     axe unclear, althouth one might speculate about the higher produc-
     tion of toxic products by individuals with a higher metabolism.
     Nevertheless, this knovledge has beenutilised for a purposeful in-
     fluencing of the sensitivity of live tissue, he says.

                                        a                      (cont'd)
                                                   PVDIEEI7 Sep 65

   • It is Imovn that thyrozin, a hormone of the thyroid gland; in-
csenat metabof and also increases the sensitivity of organisms.. .
and tisaue toward radiation. Oa the other bath, his laboratory
bas proved that resistance to radiation will tend to decrease the' ,•
activity of the thyroid gland, Pbspisil continues. Etdeavon to
utilize an srtificial decrease of metabolise through the atrtne
colt4rg of organism have gnat prospects, be says.

     With regard to Thither work, Poapisil. states that his institute
baa worked out a test which will make it possible to predict an
individual's reaction to radiation on the basis of the indirect
itdets of the activity of his suprarenal gland, aid this to identify
resistcnt and sensitive individuals. (EEPPIt, 7 Sep 65)

i~M PUniC OBSERVATORY -- Prague, Zemedeiske Novity, 19 Aug 65, p 4

     On 18 August, the cupola of the new public observatory in
Jihlays was installed. The observatory is located atop the three-
story Ball of Culture of the .Revolutionary Trade Union Movement.
A helicopter was employed in the installation of the sections of
the 5.5-ton cupola. ( PR, 7 Sep 65)

TECW ICAL CONFERENCE -- Prague, Stavebnicky Ceaopis, No 7, (Aug] 65,
p 454
      The Pburth Seminar on Photoelasticinetry will be held on
17-18 May 1966 at the oottvaldov wont center of the Advanced Tech-
nical School in Brno, which is sponsoring the session. The session
villc>:al with instruments and equipment for photoelaaticimetry
laboratories. Eagr Miroslav Perla, Candidate of Sciences, of the
:lining Institute of the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences in Prague,
is chairman of the session's preparatory committee. Pirther infor-
mation may be obtained from Eogr Jan Cernousek of the Advanced
Technical School in Brno, zalesna 3396. .

     The Thins Seminar on Photoelaaticimetry was held in Turcianske
Teplice on 17-18 May (19651.. (   Pa, 7 Sep 65)


                                                                        l
                                                                                                              ,_1
                                                                          .. ...   ..0       w.w...   -   y   j

                                                        __.. ..
                                                                                         -


                                                                                                /..

                                                                  FDD/~/15 Sep 5                      QO


     i        The author then presents some additional details to illustrate
         her statements and,zades the point that yotmg people today "axe
         obviously net studying for the sake of the financial beat      involved.
         Sovever, a lot more of them will be attending advanced schools once
         the anticipated financial requards viii be greater. Capitalism does
         not have a monopoly on people who like money. itile I cannot categori-
         cal]' state that each of the 100,000 students enrolled at cur schools:
         is thi*ki',g of money alone, I do have the statements of the mothers
         of our two .earlier subjects (the student and the construction helper
         who are of equal age). According to them, the student is at present
         working off a brigade with the Prague Municipal Transportation system
         as a streetcar ticket puncher, texas the construction helper is
         about to get married and to spend his honeymoon in Yugoslavia."
         (EEDPR, 15.Sep 65)

         1CLtAXCC ACADEMY GRADUATES AECEIV   BY PRESID N'P
               According to the .5 September 1965 issue of Rude Pravo, Czech-
         oslovak Defense Minister Araedni General Bohumir WMSKY delivered a
         report to President Novotny at Prague Castle where the President
         received graduates of various military academies. In a short speech
         W      . emphasized that two-thirds of the soldiers had graduated
         with 'honora, that one-half of them are engineers which demonstrates
         the importance the army is placing on technology, and that currently
         every fourth regular army officer is a college graduate. In conclusion,
         IQCIQ' thanked the Party sad the government for their "universal zeal
         which is being dedicated to arming and fortifying the combat capability
         of our country". He assured his listeners that togather with the Soviet
         and other fraternal armies of the joint Warsaw Pact armed forces, the
-M       Czechoslovak army is always ready to fulfill its patriotic and inter-
         national commitment in defending socialism and peace.

              On behalf of the officers, Podplukovnik Eng K. L L expressed
         appreciation for Party and government help in `expanding the cuniculraa
         in military advanced schools. "The new knowledge, inte]ligemee and
         experiences win be used by the new commanders in fulfilling their
         daily tanks, in strengthening combat capability of our army."
              The graduates came from the A. 7.apotocky Military Academy, the
         Klement Gottwald Military Academy, the J. E. Purkyne Military Medical
         Research and Postgraduate Institute, the Military Faculty of the
         Advanced School for Transportation and from foreign advanced schools.

              Also attending the ceremony were iCC communist Party of Czech-
         oslovakia) Central Committee hesiditmm members J. Dolansky, A. Dubcek,
         J. Nendrych, M. Chudik, D. Kolder, B. Lastovicka, J. .tenart and
                                                                        (ccch'd)
                                    I
0
