{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T20:42:10Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1916997, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116782-cia-nothing-but-the-facts-on-ufos-4-9-68.pdf", "source_sha256": "ea5a36ba2ccf5399c17e06d79674b4643c5d739ebb9c88638a4549546ed5d622"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 193, "chars": 1343, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
Nothing Bit the Facts on UFOs
9 April 1968
000645
Which Novost1 Writer Do You Read?
1. Whether you believe in unidentified flying objects (UFOs) or not,
Novosti (APN -- the Soviet "unofficial" news agency) agrees with you.
are forwarding attached reproductions of two articles which argue both
sides of the issue:
"Unidentified Flying Objects" by Felix Zigel, Doctor of
Science (Technology), Assistant Professor, Moscow Aviation Institute,
appearing in the February 1968 issue of Soviet Life (counterpart to
USIA's America) for which APN supplies all materials; and
"'Flying Saucers'? They're a Myth!" by Villen Lyustiberg,
APN Science Commentator, which originally appeared in the 16 February
1960 issue of Moskovsky Komsomolets, and which AFN released ir
English translation on 12 March 1968.
The first articie takes UFOs quite seriously; the second laughs them off
end even clains the ü.S. publicizes them to divert people from its failures
and aggressions.
2. It is not surprising that two writers take opposing views on so
controversial a subject, or that one adds e dollop of propaganda. It is
surprising to find any disagreement on any subject in Soviet media,
especially in materials made available by the same agency to approxinately
the same readership. The irony is obvious.
-
3:
....=
FETERED FOR RELEASE
LAIE....
16 hnl.78
#123

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 30, "chars": 177, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
_

000646

)

ee ee Se a

2 unclassified articles (para 1

1 "

3 Attachments

.
“ AT am ne nase sel ieee Tc a ie ce Tl as

SS Ss a ee ae oe SS os

ay

= ess ee ee me =

— =
—-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2037, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Tuesday
March 12. I
000647
"FLYING CAUCERS"? THEY'RE A MYTH!
Villen Lyustiberg; ARN Science Commentator
In the last 20 years publicatio
of literature on "unidentified flying
objects" has advanced to one of the
first places in the world. .This prob-
lem is dealt with by numerous associa-
tions and clubs "flying saucers" just
Are these
imagination or reality?. Thousands of
recorded statements by eye-witnesses
seem to show that "there rust be some-
thing in it". But let us try to look
all these materials from a different
stand.
So, as the convinced supporter
of the "saucer" theory say almost ever
time, you can draw your own conclusior.
while we give you.
"Facts Only"
in noted in in Ane can i dt, da the rather on i see
3,000 km an hour.
The next encounter with saucers had a tragic outcome. In January 1948, an
immense flying saucer appeared over the Nox US Air Base.
Pursuing it Captain
Thomas Manthell perished.
The last thing he reported from an altitude of 9,000
metres was that he saw an object and was going to approach it.
This story found extensive response.
Many considered it to be a stern warnin,
of unkrown envoys from other planets to leave them alone.
There was a great deal
of a talk about the mysterious death of the pilot. It was received as undoubted
proof of the existence of mighty forces still unknown to us.
But the results of a thorough investigation by US authorities received much
less publicity.
The mysterious
saucer"
proved to be nothing but a thin-walled
plastic balloon made by US Navel Forces under the secret "Skyhawk Operation" pro--
Such balloons could rise to an altitude of 30,000 metres. Meanwhile, Thomas
Manthell pursuing it, forgot that he had no oxygen apparatus on board his craft.
We know of stories about
encounters and even hand-to-hand fights with pilots
of craft landing
from other planets. They were shot at, but without success.
A saucer out down
a tree on une Anazon River shore and disappear:!. *ho
turbid streem. It was
never recovered. Another saucer glided over the earth like

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 466, "chars": 2978, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
000648
an injured bird ard
most crashed before the eyes of witnesses.
But "having spit
out" several pieces of metal, it levelled out its course and flew off. Delivered
to the police, the ustal proved to be ordingry tin.
An abandoned silvery disc was found in the deep rock-coal seams in Norwegian
coal mines on Spitzbergen. It wes pierced and marked by micrometeor impacts and
bore all traces of having performed a long space voyage. It was sent for analysis
to the Pentagon erd disappeared there.
Nothing but a saucer put out of commission a high-voltage power transmission
line in 1965 and thus plunged several large American cities into darkness for six
But the most thrilling masterpiece of this sort was probably the "Interview w:
a Man from Venus" published at the close of 1967 by the West German Stern magazine.
This materialized blue-eyed "superman"
, a version of Nietzsche's "blond beast"
proved to be a secret service agent of the Pentagon.
He was 190 cm tall, spoke
excellent English (it was English indeed!) and could breathe freely in our atmos-
phere without any devices.
His modest fibre suitcase contained an unusual silvery
suit, flexible like silk ard so hard that a diamond drill broke off it.
The man from Venus said that he could walk freely in such a suit over the sur-
face of the hottest stars, ignoring all powerful gravitational fields.
Maybe these "facts" will do?
How Can They Be Studied?
It is easier to ask this question, than to answer it. These flying saucers --
they are like Our Lady:
they appear to those who believe in them. And they per-
sistently fail to show themselves to air observation posts, meteorologists and
astronomers, i.e. precisely to those who can give us accurate information and trust-
worthy descriptions of a flying object.
Experiments that do not repeat themselves, or the chance appearance of a
phenomenen always either handicap the possibility of investigation considerably or
exclude it altogether.
Nowhere in the world is there EVEN ONE trustworthy stereoscopic photograph
making it possible to trace from two points simultaneously the outlines of a solid
flying object clearly. All photographs that exist have been made with single-lens
cameras and aiways leave a margin for doubt.
A series of such
photographs amazingly resemoles a straw hat with a black silk.
ribbon. thrown into the air.
Others undoubtedly prove to be internegatives obtained
from two combined slides, for instance, that of a landscape and that of a strangely
designed crait drawn on white paper.
Modern photographing techniques allow photo-
graphs to be produced which no expert will ever prove to be counterfeit. They are
real.
But they do not show
/ strangers from space; they show quite ordinary earthly
objects unexpectedly foreshortened -- pots, pans, plastic toys, and the like.
Are there photographs which evoke no doubts whatsoever? Yes, there are.
They
always show shining objects of a circular or oval shape with vague outlines.
Most

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 552, "chars": 3458, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
000649
• Tuesday
• 12, 1969
- 3-
11kely these photographs show ball lightning. Incidentally, the nature of the lat
bas not been fully elucidated yet either, due to the vagueness of the place and ti
However, to one ever tow
of its formation. However, no one ever thought of ascribing a cosmic origin to it
Even with a superficial aralysis, mysterious flares on clouds proved to be
reflections of electric welding, warning lights of airplanes in the area of airpor
or distant summer lightning.
And the November 1967 "saucer" over Sofia proved to :
a high-altitude NATO reconnaissance balloon.
Among the cost serious works devoted to an investigation of the problem, theri
are two which ought to be mentioned.
One of them is the book "Flying Saucers" by
Donald Menzel who explains almost all cases of their appearance by disturbances in
the Earth's or Sun's atmosphere. Our planet travels in the upper layers of the Sur
atmosphere where clots of high-temperature plasna are moving freely.
The other is a book by Frank Edwards. It is a collection of statements, notes
and records of eye-witness testimony classified into several sections. True, Edwar
often qualifies his source as a witness who did not wish to have his name mentioned
but who may be fully trusted, or that the trustworthiness of the witness is con-
firmed by numerous of his countrymen, but he cannot mention his name so far for a
number of reasons. That's not very convincing, is it?
For Whom Is It Not & Myth?
They are those for whom science is a business. Taking advantage of the lively
interest of people for everything that is strange and unusual, numerous lecturers
in the West appear before audiences with reports and stories, invite eye-witnesses
to such lectures, and demonstrate photographs and slides. Most of these lecturers
are nothing but ordinary quacks. True, there are people who are sincerely convince:
in the truth of what they are talking about. They strive to draw the interest of
the public to certain phenorena but, we are sorry to say, there is more harn than
in that.
The Americans Lesly and Adamski
are the most outright frauds among them.
Using their
"good frieridly relations" with strangers from other planets, the enter-
prising businessmen "visited" Mars, the Moon and Venus, learned from our cosmic
neighcours to treat by simple and accessible methods such diseases as cancer,
glaucora, hypertension and others which afflict the human race. Their lectures,
motion-pictures, books and medical practice have brought them many hundred thousand
dollars out of the pockets of trusting listeners and patients already.
We may trace a clearly defined regularity in the appearance of large numbers'
o? flying saucers.
And, strange as it might seem, this regularity is closely
connected with earthly events.
The first "cycle" of four years began in 1947. The number of saucers always :
grows sharply on the eve of presidential elections in the USA. This is difficult
to explain. Maybe people on other planets lay bets as to who will win in the next
elections -- the republicans or the democrats. Perhaps, these saucers appear in
order to dine prone voter thoughts from the in and red preta.
programme and promises to make ere contry: "
There is ancther cycle.
True, it is not determined by time. Saucers flooded
the earth's atmospnere in 1951, in the months when the American troops were waging
= ruthless, annihilating war against the Korean People's Democratic Republic.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 159, "chars": 1050, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1485. 1e:
... i
.. - 4-
000650
The next invasion of saucers was in 1965-196ó, when 35 American advisers in
South Vietnam were quickly replaced by half-a-million-strong army equipped with the
latest arms and intending to rout the National-Liberation Front within two weeks
and when the President of the United States of America, without declaring war and
in violation the constitution of his own country, gave the order that the peaceful
population of North
Vletnam be subjected to brutal bombings.
In short, when newspaper circulation drops, when readers get tired or economic:
and politics and when they are to be diverted from "irrelevant" questions, the
Western businessmer resort to three rellable, "always fresh" sensations: • Flying
Saucers, the Sea Serpent (sometimes it is substitued by the Loch Ness Lake monster):
and the Snow Man.
It is much nicer to read about mysterious craft from Venus than to think of the
a yo, us a i amourage sens for latering the people!
And nothing but that.
- (Moskovsky Komsonolets, February 16. In fu:
IRE END

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1246, "chars": 7781, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNIDENTINIEL
FLYING OBJECTS
ros the fartes apteral striking e
lable 1 FO aheersations and sh
cunrinalena.
De Augur 2 1967 el 11:30 P.M. Meerns
inue, while crossing the Norsegian Sea in
amiesh dirertion. Isherak sailors witnessed
this anusuel phenomenom. said the radio.
"There apre three of us in the cahin-
Flest Arenunt
THE: 11.ICE of oberation is hezakh
stan. the firked camp of e gephssical es.
polition from e Leningra propatch institule.
The nearest payulated beality, broklal. Is 11
• time of ahsersation is August
16, Iudl, alut 11 P.M. hural tine
Arronling lo Masies
Mineralogs Nikolai Sneheranes, the rainp
shiel, a strange, lumin• Ily sullens ap-
, passed ones the
• north to anuth, and it sisible diameter nas
; he sue a half elemes hunger than the limon's.
spemale Inter the hurls disappeare!
healed witthead, Areping constant speed and
height almse the Farth. The mysterinus ni
jet was lenoshaju and bright, the ears
The louds descriled an are in the oks and
i disaggered hehind the mnuntaine, leaving no
The unidentifed flying aljet it'FO, no.
aluerseil in eight scientifir workero, mem.
here of the prophssical esperlition.
1a Juls 26, 1'MS. Latian astropomes.
Halert Vitolnick. Yan Melteris and Emer.
•loade al an aloersation station at Nara
thes noticed an wawsuall
bright star imming •lowls in a wrater dires.
lion. Inkrol at throuph hisorular. with a
magnifeation of right diameters, the "tar"
prached itsell into a small, Bet ajak. The
Irrange then distori the following in.
In the heart of a leneshape dior, which
the astronomere polimated in he alinut
(rol sipine, mas clear esident a thirdened
part. a •all sphese. Around the dier. at a
distur of inn diamelers, mere there suberro
prarinkling the une in the senter. The apheres
aforals podate armanel the diso
•safem dominicher in sire, gradualls leasing
the larth some 15 to 200 minuie. laler the
aphere, legon to muse asse
Iren the dise.
so if realing in liferent alitertions.
apulerer in the renter alon left ito pilare and
Finally as in P.M. all these
shining emerald prem Indira were an far
anar that the astronomers Inst sight of them.
This strange girlure was cheersed in the
musthapsieen part of the els
polimatel that the
about (ot miles ahose the Farth.
A lomp tediogram arried of the alhee of
The magsine Smenn, Ine which I had written
an artiele on i FOs. It was sent ho Fired Mate
Bashazhim on hehalf of the ries of the Soir
ship Ishersk.
whilish spot moving snuthward.
minutes laler a hripht spud faren
ay high in the sks. Fue a couple of seconds
it rushed healing from spot to east et an
anglenf -l5 degrees in the karth, petting murh
larger. Sulenis it ramp in a stop and with
a plas of bright rainlma raines lyiina pre.
dominating, logan throwing off sparko and
lerame enseleger in a while shenur.
"tine again the sphere-like white nehula
:.legan insing nuth. The pencilure was re.
prated four times, On the fifth and last time
the surls hehasine changed. It slopped mid.
11 turned wer and assume the shape of an.
ere with the thinker end up. Then a powerlul
white jet squirted from the inner end. after
which theres prem pale. became enveloged
In white mist and. with it white tail. hepan
All this strange telestial artisity was sisilie
for an hour and then sanished into thin air.
Fourth Arrount
Not see hut
•Pieral trporis came from
astronomers at the Mountain leterghssical
Station. INsi Iraclems of Sciences, 12 mile
from Aislanded. Cauresus.
In Juh 170; the station received letter•
from imal neapapers reporting the Right of
a strange trellish steerent actoss the oks al
9:20 P.M. on Juh 1:
In the sers raris amening of July 18. 1967.
astronomer H. I. l'atter, who mas shiersing
the Mown at the Mountain Station, noticed •
strange formation again a clear same oly
at 2:50 A.M. Mowns time. & while cloud
appeared in the northeast at an elesation of
alut 20 deptere. Its diameter was (wire a•
Inng so that of the Moen hut its nose was
spieral finee less I-right.
The cloud itself hail a dense milks-while
enlor. with a rospel nurleus clears discern.
ible near it- northern end. The clour er.
panelel and pres pales. I fen minutes Inter
the reddish murleus remained. Toward des.
Ireak it foot it mutlines and tien disappeared.
Pheingraphe showing its changes were taken.
At :t:10 P.M. on lugost
#. 126:. at the
same Mountain Station astronomer
Casano cheerseal an unfamiliar feing oljert.
It was chapel lid- an asemmetrical crescent.
with its conses sile turned in the dirertion of
it merment. Jarrea, faintly luminous rih.
luns respastiling the condensation trail of a
jet plane follumt lehind the horns of the
erracent. Ils diameter was ton-thirdo that of
th- Menn. and it was nol as bright. la.
sellma with a rollah linge.
The ahjart we fing herizentalls in the
mithern part of the oks. from met to east.
at almal 2 degram ahose the horienn. It ras.
erd the distame from Croa Major to Cassi
VIL.
00065)
LIFE
FEBRUARY 1968
By Felin Zigel
Dettee of Science (Terhnolegy)
Assistent Professor.
Moscow Aviation Inslitute
"yoga in hall a minute. I hright olar of the
: Erst mognitude was numing at a ranslant din.
lance ahear of the eresent.
do it munel ane! from the nhoersers the
creseen daimlled. turamd intesmall dis
and then instanth disappearml
The miserious abject was pen he 10 of
the station's srientifie workers, it was alon
sanel: the present nas
12 mile anas.
and is mao no less than Son feet arross,
Let us stop here and iran some conclusinns.
that the mahlmare reins, The fart of the matter.
le. homerer, that many thousams of inh
sheersations hase leen documente in the
pass 3 years,
Thes emme from eleano of
nutries aml sirtualls piert enrner of sur
plane, inruling the lertie and Anteertie,
pegularly arrepie to la dismined lighly.
A growing number of serious scientiste are
nut satisfind with espimations chatarterizing
lim siplinpo as disual alverrations, ll purs
sithout saying that the phenonienon attrait
and will unfortunately continue In, all anet.
: of publimits spekers. Hat me the hot stop weing
ninnes hecause there are counterfeiters, The
lask of wieme lo, precises. the abilipation to
distinguish leineen the faler and the trus,
Tius. if srinner tonsiders fing •eurers a
hallurination. it still must explain lie pause
i of this plotal pooche illnes, That mas mel!
: lie as lifferult to relalilish a the true nature
of l ina.
The well-knamn Ameriran
astrophssirist
Donald Menzel says that ising saucers are
"polinal phenomena in the karth's atmeghers.
Irauer of P'rofessor Menari's srientitie pers
tige the explanation is generally accepted, Bot
it dope not ball water. do anon as ur po on
from this proctalization to concrete inter
pretatinne
of conctele
"heersations,
it he
demolire to splical phenomena of le mi.
lage. rainlow or halo bye. Try the Menrel
explanation
on the four accounts we rited
carlier. Dothing intelligible will energ-.
if hat
me wein to lo dealing with here lo a kind of
reality still unesplugeol.
The appearane of (FO)e is alinet al-are
emmyanirl In a innineseare of ai
he formation of an atampheric plasma. Thi
it no the lane for the "piesna"" lspoiled
•/ ( FO).
arumulatione. of almospherin
plannia of the fall lightning tojo. But this es.
planation demo not holl up rither. Hall light.
ning is almate a thunderstoren proluet. and
the appearance of I He has no relation in
•rather.
Ball lightning damiere a rub
run four 1o free inhee, no larger: the diant
Mera of fring dime are tone and eirm hun
trole of times that size. The lochmine of
orties ate quite different roun what se
of hall lightning.
Saurere and Balle
To firl a elue to the nature of I Fit, ar
must slurls all the segmate on these surprising
and, lo me mind. real aljala, fals a wim.
life analisis will peopal the truth. What is.
heart, clear elreads in that tO phomom.
