{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T10:02:06Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1301929, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116755-cia-director-of-central-intelligence-flying-saucers-marshall-chadwell-4-20-77.pdf", "source_sha256": "aacb9e3fc7785c0d29b33012a943780ce11fe2604c28c649a1ce5fb654e9baf1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 223, "chars": 1675, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
27C 000994
operational inclusion to the CIA's "DIRECTORATE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY" branch.
Its "OFFICE OF SCIENTIFIC INTELLIGENCE" through the "Directorate of Operations
CLANDESTINE SERVICES" kept under global survey and control the UFOs operation,
collected reports of investigation and scientific disclosures obtained from
foreign governmental (scientific, military) and non-governmental UFO research
sources•
EXCERPTS of the Office of Scientific Intelligence fundamental information
and guidelines to treat the UFO problem within the US intelligence community in
co-operation with the military forces intelligence:
Secan Einstion
date —
PS7Z2
MEMCRANDIM 808: Director of Central Intelligence
THRU
SUBJECT
§ Deputy Director (Intalligerce)
Flying Saucers
CSETI
P.O. #15401
ASHEVILLE, NC 28813
23.
20 PROBLE
to dotermine:
So Whether there are national secarity implicatlous is the problem
cI "unidontled Ilying objects" 1o0. Ilying saucers;
Do Whether adequate study and ressarca is curroutly teins dirated
to this probies in 12s relatica to such rational decurity lapIsestioss;
e. What further Savestigatios ard research should be sastitutes,
by whoss and under vost segis.
2. FACTE BEARING ON THE PROBLEN
O• OSI bas Luvestigated the vark currently being perfossed or
Lylı saucers and has found tbat:
(1) The only unit of Corerraent currently studying the problem
is tbe Directorate of Intalligence, UsuF, which has charged the 41:
technical Intelligence Center (ATIC) with responsibility for Lu
vestigating the reports of sightinga.
Captain, two Lieutenants and two secretaries to waich core ail re-
With other fir force officers or with cirilian lechnica? consultants.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2416, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
84
000995
>
on flying sucors, though Andre Grongho tad made ore izzorcus
sation or the subject.
With a State-controlied press, this could
result or In i orilal policy decizion. tue gaestion, there-
Iora, frises in to whether or now chess sightires:
(a) Could to controlled,
(0) Ceila to predicted, zm
(6) Could be used iren a psychological vartare paist a
view cither ellensively or defansivelt.
She public corcern with the stencer, which is reflected in the
Orred states press and in prassure of inalty upon the his Forcea
indicates that there is a fair proportion of our population shich
is mentally carlitioned to the acceptardo of the incredisic. Is
tila fact mies the potential for lie toaching ali di mass hgateria
and panic.
(2) Lir Funerabilitz - The inited States hi= Warrior, Sisten
will undoutiedly alssys depend upon a coabinatior ai Isdas screen-
Lzg and visual obserration. wo give Rüssis the present capability
of dollvering in air ettact against us, yut di any Bitea tomont
now, hero ney be current a disen officiel antdentified sleatings
plus mery unofficial. it ery notent of attack, ve aro zea in a
position shore we cannot, on en instant basis, distinguish hardo
rile Iron phantan, erd as tornio counts we will ita too increasing
risk of elsa elerts an the eveu srenter danzer of falsely {danci
dying the real as reartoo.
Do Both of these problers era pricarly opurotional in zaturo bat
each coatsins readily apparent intelligence footors. Fran an opare-
toral point ai view, thra ditions a5e Iaguiseds
(1) Intediate steps should he 1aksa to Improve Identification
of both visual aad electronic phanian so that is tha avent of on
ettack, Listant and positivo lentllication of aDaIJ plazes 05
slosiles can be sade.
(2) A study should ba instituted to determine inat, i REs
utilization could be rade of these phenarena by baited States
psychological warfare plarmers, and sast, iS any, decenses ricula
to blame in anticipatina of soviet altepts to utilize thess.
(3) A natioral policy should be established as to what saculd
be told the public regarding the phencera, is order to riginize
risk or panic.
co Intelligence probiens include:
(1) The present Ierel of fustan knezledge regarding thess
phenosena.
(2) Possible Soviet intentions and capabilitles to utilize
these phenomena to tha detriment of US security interests.
(3) The reasons for silence in the Soviet Press regarding
Lying saucers.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 348, "chars": 2437, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
121=.-.-.
major Air force bases have been ordered to sake intercaptions of
unidentified Ilying objects.
(4) Ihe research being carried on is strictly on a case basis
and appears to be designed solely to attempt a satisfactory PI-
Disnation of each individual sighting as it oscurs•
(5) ATIC has concluded an arrangerent with Fattelle Memorial
Instituto for the latter to establist a machine indering system
Ior official reports of sightingso
(6) Since 2947, ATIC has received approsinately 1500 official
reports of sightings plus an enormous valure of letters, phonse
calls and press reports. During the month of July 1952 rone, OF-
Ecial reports totaled 250,
so as texts ed and 2 those ree arsry, any Are force a 1952
Lt carries 20% unerplained.
3. DISCUSSIOT
so CI enterod into its Laairy lully soare that it sas cering
Into a Sleld alrsads charted sith ferticarship, ora in which cajoc-
tinity had beca overriddan ty tubeross rerastioral writers, and cro
In which tiere sro pressures Ior sutropagant orpIonatiors as wall 28
Lor corsimplificatien. Tau 031 Ican corsaltsd aith a roprescatativa
oi iir Force Soecial Stubes Groups discared the probler with thos
¡ ciarya of tao llr Force Isfact at sizit field; reviesed a cono
alienable voler of intelligeno soports; checised the torios pross zed
Ercadost indices; and conferred with tirso SI consaltarts, 2ll leadioss
i tools scieatele Iloids, sho were chosan tacaajo of thair brood
Inciledge of the technical ezeso coscosmod.
They restrended that
a study group de forted to perfora Wace Suretions:
(1) Arzigza and systeratize tha Iscicra oi inforsation thirt
Lumo the Dundsmental probless
(2) Determina the fields of fundaental aalerco whidi arest
La investigatad is arder to resca an understanding of tilo pio-
nomena involved, and
(3) Mako moccideniations far the initiation ci aparop late
research.
Dr. Jallas A Stratton, Vice Prentdont of the Masssabusates Institzlo
siltuted at thut hsiltute. Shallarly, Projost Lincoln, tha dis Farco
eis defensa project at MIi, could to ciarzod with these sogpoasibll145.s.
4o CONCLISIONS
2. The Dying sereer situation contalas two olemenis of danger
unic, 1s a situation of internation tensica, have naticzal secarlt;
implications. rese are::
(2) Psychologlori -with world-ride sightings roperted, it
22% Icuat thai, 4p to the ting of our Savestigation, tkera bad
been in the Russian pross no report of coacant, 6yon Batisical,
000996
27฿
1.252

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 252, "chars": 1846, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
000997
do Intelligence responsibilities in this field as regards both
collection and aralysis can be discharged wita maxímum effectiveness
only after much pore 15 known regarding the exact sature of these
Деловопа•
e. The problem transcends the level of individual departuental
responsibilitles, and 1s oi such Importance as to merli cognizarco
and as mi by the mational security council.
5. Additional research, differing in character and emphasis scon
that presently being perforned by 41r force, ViL be reguired to neat
the specific needs of both operations and intelligence.
5. RECCONENUTIONS
It is reconneried that:
a. Ine Director ci Central Inteiligence advise the liational
Security Council of the escurity implications irerent in the firius
sauce: probles wita the request that, under his statutory coordia-
this authority, the Diactor a Contral intolligence be emporeras to
Isitiato through the appropriate agencies, eilor vithin or vitacut
this Governant, the Lavestigation and research recassary to solve
tha probles o" instant positiva identification ei "usidentifies Iptag
objects"
8o CIA, under dis agaland responsibilittos, and in cooperatioa
with the Psychalogical Straiegy Board, Imediately investigato mossi-
Llo assemiro os desersiva untlization ai ino phenocene Ior Isychologi-
cal marfare pisposas boid for and ageingt the United Stater, advising
those agencios charged with Vose interral security of any portineni
Sirdings affecting their areas of responsibility.
Co Or the basis of these prograns of research; CIA develop and
recamend for adoption by the National Security Council a policy as
public intomation which wIll minimize the risk of panic.
5. HARSHALL CHADNELL
Assistant Director
Scientific Intelligence
Hese
OSI/Strong:bad (11 Saptenber 1952) (
Orig. & 4 - hadressee
1 - 4d/SI
- DaLly
• Reading/
. - ChrOnO
e
