{"created_utc": "2026-09-11T20:14:02Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 244100, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304056589518947, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116806-paola-harris-files-oppenheimer-einstein-letter-to-the-president.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540611370000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116806-paola-harris-files-oppenheimer-einstein-letter-to-the-president.pdf", "source_sha256": "9fad29385e0fa6becb5f93a349f71cd8ba894e0f43c5f4a0ec3f4ee31f21206d"}

DRAFT   June 1947
            Relationships with Inhabitants
                 of Celestial Bodies
                                                     File O
       Relationships with extraterrestrial men presents
no basically new problem from the standpoint of international
law; but the possibility of confronting intelligent beings
that do not belong to the human race would bring up problems
whose solution it is difficult to conceive.
       In principle, there is no difficulty in accepting the
possibility of coming to an understanding with them, and of
establishing all kinds of relationships. The difficulty lies
in trying to establish the principles on which these
relationships should be based.
       In the first place, it would be necessary to establish
communication with them through some language or other, and
afterwards, as a first condition for all intelligence, that
they should have a psychology similar to that of men.
       At any rate, international law should make place for
a new law on a different basis, and it might be called "Law
Among Planetary Peoples," following the guidelines found in
the Pentateuch. Obviously, the idea of revolutionizing
international law to the point where it would be capable of
coping with new situations would compel us to make a change
in its structure, a change so basic that it would no longer
be international law, that is to say, as it is conceived
today, but something altogether different, so that it could
no longer bear the same name.
       If these intelligent beings were in possession of a
more or less culture, and a more or less perfect political
organization, they would have an absolute right to be
recognized as independent andsovereignpeoples, we would
have to come to an agreement with them to establish the
legal regulations upon which future relationships should be
based, and it would be necessary to accept many of their
principles.
       Finally, if they should reject all peaceful
cooperation and become an imminent threat to the earth, we
would have the right to legitimate defense, but only insofar
as would be necessary to annul this danger.
                          *****

       Another possibility may exist, that a species of homo
sapiens might have established themselves as an independent
nation on another celestial body in our solar system and
                                TOP SECRET


              evolved culturely independently from ours. Obviously, this
              possibility depends on many circumstances, whose conditions
              cannot yet be foreseen. However, we can make a study of the
              basis on which such a thing might have occurred,
                            .
                      In the first place, living conditions on these bodies
              lets say the moon,-or the planet Mars, would have to be such
              as to permit a stable, and to a certain extent, independent
              life, from an economic standpoint. Much has been speculated
              about the possibilities for life existing outside of our
              atmosphere and beyond, always hypothetically. and there are
              those who mo so far as to give formulas for the creation of
              an artificial atmosphere on the noon, which undoubtedly have
              a certain scientific foundation, and which may one day come
              to light. Lets assume that magnesium silicates on the moon
              may exist and contain up to 13 per cent water. Using energy
              and machines brought to the moon, perhaps from a space station,
              the rooks could be broken up, pulverized, and then backed to
              drive off the water of crystallization. This could be collected
              and then decomposed into hydrogen and oxygen, using an electric.
               current or the short wave radiation of the sun. The oxygen
              could be used for breathing purposes; the hydrogen night be
              used as a fuel.
                      In any case, if no existence is possible on celestial '
               bodies except for enterprises for the exploration of their
               natural riches, with a continuous interchange of the men who
               work on them, unable to establish themselves there indefinitely
               and be able to live isolated life, independence will never
               take place.


                     Now we come to the problem of determining what to
              do if the inhabitants of celestial bodies, or extraterrestrial
              biological entitles (EBE) desire to settle here.
                     1. If they are politically organised and possess a
              certain culture similar to our own, they may be recognized as
              a independent people. They could consider what degree of
              development would be required on earth for colonizing.
                     2. If they consider our culture tobedevoid of political
              unity, they would have the right to colonize. Of course, this
              colonization cannot be conducted on classic linos. • .«
                     A superior form of colonizing will have to be conceived,
              that could be a kind of tutelage, possibly through the tacit
              approval of the United Nations. But would the United Nations
              legally have the right of allowing such tutelage over us in such
              a fashion?                 -2-
'   * :   •
have no right of tutelage, since its domain does not extend
beyond relationships between its members. It would have the
right to intervene only if the relationships of a member
nation with a celestial body affected another member nation
with an extraterrestrial people is beyond the domain of the
United Nations, But if those relationships entailed a
conflict with another member nation, the United. Nations would
have the right to intervene•
        (b) If the United Nations were a supra-national
organisation, it would have competency to deal with all
problems related to extraterrestrial peoples. Of course,
even though it is merely an international organisation, it
could have this competence if itsmember states would be
willing to recognize it.


        It is difficult to predict what the attitude of
international law will bo with regard to the occupation by
celestial peoples of certain locations on our planet, but
the only thing that can be foreseen is that there will be
a profound change in traditional concepts•
        We cannot exclude the possibility that a race of
extraterrstrial people more advanced technologically and
economically may take upon itself the right to occupy
another celestial body. How, then, would this occupation
come about?
        1. The idea of exploitation by one celestial
state would be rejected, they may think it would be advisable
to grant it to all others capable of reaching another
celestial body. But this would be to maintain a situation
of privilege for these          states.
        2. The division of a celestial body into zones
and the distribution of them among other celestial states.
This would present the problem of distribution. Moreover,
other celestial states would be deprived of the possibility
of owning an area, or if they were granted one it would
involve complicated operations.
        3. Indivisible co-sovereignty, giving each celestial
state the right to make whatever use is most convenient to. .
its interests, independently of the others. This would
create a situation of anarchy, as the strongest one would
win out in the end*
        4.   A moral entity?   The most feasible solution it     v
seem would be this one, submitt an agreement providing far the
peaceful absorbtion of a celestial race(s) in such a manner
that our culture would remain intact with guarantees that
their presence not be revealed.
        Actually, we do not believe it necessary to go that
far. It would merely be a natter of internationalizing
celestial peoples, and creating an international treaty
intsrument preventing exploitation of all nations belonging
to the United Nations.
                         *****

        Occupation by states here on earth, which has lost
all interest for international law, since there were no more
res nullius territories, is beginning to regain all its
importance in cosmic international law.
        Occupation consists in the appropriation by a state
of res nullius.
        Until the last century, occupation was the normal
means of acquiring sovereignty over territories, when
explorations made possible the discovery of new regions,
either unihabited or in an elementary state of civilization.
        The imperialist expansion of the states came to an
end with the end of regions capable of being occupied, which
have now been drained from the earth and exist only in
interplanetary space, where the celestial states present
new problems.


        Res nullius is something that belongs to nobody such
as the moon. In international law a celestial body is not
subject to the sovereignty of any state is considered res
nullius. If it could be established that a celestial body
within our solar system such as our moon was, or is occupied
by another celestial race, there could be no claim of res
nullius by any state on earth (if that state should decide
in the future to send explorers to lay claim to it). It would
exist as res communis, that is that all celestial states
have the same rights over it.
                          *****

        And now to the final question of whether the presence
of celestial astroplanes in our atmosphere is a direct
result of our testing atomic weapons?
        The presence of unidentified space craft flying in
our atmosphere (and possibly maintaining orbits about our
planet) is now, however, accepted    by our military.
                 On every question of whether the United States will
         (hydrogen bombs), or reach an agreement to disarm and the
         exclusion of weapons that are too destructive, with the
         exception of chemical warfare, on which, by some miracle we
cannot          explain, an     agreement has been reached, the
         lamentations of philosophers, the efforts of politicians, and
         the conferences of diplomats have been doomed to failure and
         have accomplished nothing.
                 The use of the atomic bomb combined with space
         vehicles poses a threat on a scale which makes it absolutely
         necessary to come to an agreement in this area. With the
         appearance of unidentified space vehicles (opinions are
         sharply divided as to their origin) over the skies of Europe
         and the United States has sustained an ineradical fear, an
         anxiety about security, that is driving the great powers to
         make an effort to find a solution to the threat.
                 Military strategists foresee the use of space craft
         with nuclear warheads as the ultimate weapon of war. Even
         the deployment of artificial satellites for intelligence
         gathering and. target selection is not far off. The military
         importance of space vehicles, satellites as well as rockets
         is indisputable, since they project war from the horizontal
         plane to the vertical plane in its fullest sense. Attack no
         longer comes from an exclusive direction, nor from a
         determined country, but from the sky, with the practical
         impossibility of determining who the aggressor is, how to
         intercept the attack, or how to effect immediate reprisals•
         These problems are compounded further by identification.
         How does the air defense radar operator identify , or more
         precisely, classify his target?
                 At present, we can breath a little easier knowing
         that slow moving bombers are the mode of delivery of atomic
         bombs that can be detected by long-range early warning radar.
         But what do we do in lets say ten years from now? When
         artificial satellites and missiles find their place in space,
         we must consider the potential threat that unidentified
         space craft pose. One must consider the fact that
         mis-identification of these space craft for a intercontenental
         missile in a re-entry phase of flight could lead to accidental

                 Lastly, we should consider the possibility that our
         atmospheric tests of late could have influenced the arrival
         of celestial scrutiny. They could have been, curious or even
         alarmed by such activity (and rightly so, for the Russians
         would make every effort to observe and record such ests).
                  In conclusion, it is our professional opinion based on
          submitted data that this situation i extremely perilous, and
                                    - 5 -
measures must be taken to rectify a very serious problem are
very apparent.                                             ,


                                         Respectfully,


                                                /       s       /       \
                                         Dr. J.Robert Oppenheimer

                                         Director of Advanced Studies
                                         Princeton, New Jersey

                                                /s/
                                          Professor Albert Einstein
                                          Princeton, New Jersey


      Myself and Marshall have read t h i s and I must admit there
      i s some l o g i c . But I hardly t h i n k the President will consider
      i t for the obvious reasons- I understand Oppenheimer
      approached Marshall while they attended ceremony a t
                    As I understand i t Marshall rebuffed the idea
      of Oppenheimer discussing t h i s with the P r e s i d e n t . I talked
      t o Gordon, and he a g r e e d .


                              -6-
