{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T20:39:10Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 60042, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116847-when-disclosure-serves-secrecy-1999.pdf", "source_sha256": "dc4781b55231224aadfe652c975b513551679a2f253dfc0b88ba6bdaea181353"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2604, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
When Disclosure Serves Secrecy
by Steven M. Greer M.D.
Copyright 1999
Ending the secrecy surrounding the UFO/ET subject is a laudable goal. It is long overdue. It
would transform the world in ways both simple and profound.
And yet it is fraught with danger.
The covert projects which have been running UFO related programs for nearly 60 years are
not interested in a disclosure which upsets their apple cart. They want such a disclosure to
transform their apple cart into a freight train. And they potentially have the power and
connections to do it.
There are multiple scenarios attending the disclosure of the UFO subject-and not all of them
have the best interests of humanity at heart. Elsewhere, in the new book 'Extraterrestrial
Contact: The Evidence and Implications' I write about the kind of disclosure the world
needs. An honest one. An open one. One which replaces secrecy with democracy. A
disclosure which is peaceful, scientific and hopeful.
But then there is the disclosure the powers that be would like to see:
Manipulated. Calculated to consolidate power and engender fear. Configured in such a way
that chaos and a deepening need for Big Brother is carefully inculcated into the masses.
We have seen the plans and it is not a pretty picture.
I write this as a warning. A warning that the wolves in sheep clothes are very cunning
indeed. And have almost limitless resources. Most who work with them do not even know
they are wolves. Indeed, it is likely that many of the wolves have been convinced that they
are sheep.
The UFO matter is not so much a mystery as a matter deliberately obfuscated and
mystified. Confusion and a lack of clarity serves the larger covert goal of keeping it off the
long- range radar of society while power and plans are consolidated quietly. And the one
thing more dangerous to society than all this secrecy is a planned, contrived disclosure run
by the keepers of the secrets.
For years such plans have been made - to be unfurled at just the right time. During a time
of great expectation. Of social confusion. Perhaps of millennial madness?
I have personally met with a number of people who are very involved with such plans. I do
not speculate here. Be aware: The disclosure of UFO reality is being planned very carefully.
It will assiduously follow a scheme to spin the subject in just the right way - the only way
which will further redound to the glory and power of the secret-keepers. It will be a false
disclosure - one born out of the age-old bane of human existence: selfishness and greed.
Greed for power. Greed for control. Greed for domination.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 634, "chars": 3930, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
We must be mature and informed on such matters. Only a vigilant and informed public can
see through such deceit - and correct it should such a plan be unfurled. Every citizen needs
to know that great good can come from the truth being known. But the mature citizen must
also recognize that the 'truth' can be spun and spun again - until the goals of those who
crave secret and overt power are met.
Consider: One scenario for disclosure is that the UFO and Extraterrestrial subject is
acknowledged in a way which is scientific and hopeful. Excessive secrecy which lacks
executive branch and congressional oversight is ended. Humanity begins to entertain open
contact with other civilizations, with peaceful engagement as the goal. Technologies which
are currently suppressed are allowed to be disseminated: Pollution ends. An economy of
abundance and social justice is firmly established. Global environmental destruction and
mind-numbing world poverty become a faint memory. Zero-point based energy devices
transform the world. Electro-gravitic devices permit above ground travel without paving
over the world's precious fertile farm land. As an ET once told Colonel Philip Corso, " Its a
new world, if you can take it.... This is the disclosure which we are working for.
But the disclosure envisioned above could have happened in 1950. It did not - Why? For
such a disclosure would lead to the total transformation of the status quo. Centralized
energy systems would be obsolete. Oil would be useful only for lubricants and synthetics.
The geo-political order of today would be a thing forgotten: Every country and people on
Earth would have such a high degree of progress and advancement that all nations would
have a seat at the global table. Power would need to be shared. Peaceful acknowledgment
of life from elsewhere would make the Earth seem like the very small, organic homeland
which it is. The vast trillion dollar global military - industrial sector would be reigned in. And
a universal spirituality might dawn….
But remember, there are hugely powerful interests who dread this scenario. For them, it is
the end of the world as they know it. The end of centralized, elite power. The end of a
controlled geo-political order which today leaves nearly 90% of the people of Earth barely
one step out of the stone age. And they do not wish to share the power they wield.
Now, let me describe the 'disclosure' which would make these covert control programs
happy. This is the false or contrived 'disclosure' which has only one clear goal: The further
consolidation of their power and their paradigm. It has to do with fear, not love. With war,
not peace. With division and conflict, not unity. It is the dominant paradigm - but it is
slipping away slowly. And a carefully orchestrated disclosure of the 'facts' of the UFO and ET
subject could secure their power. This is the disclosure which is to be dreaded. This is the
disclosure to watch out for. This is the disclosure which is already occurring.
My meetings over the past 9 years with covert operatives who have worked on UFO related
programs have introduced me to some characters right out of a spy novel - and then some.
Whether in private high tech industry, at the Pentagon or at a midnight meeting in a private
mansion, a theme has emerged. It is one of immense, though currently hidden, power. It
transcends government as we know it (at this point the government of 'We the people...'
has been made irrelevant on this issue). And the theme has two main strands - the eventual
covert militarization of the ET subject and a weird covert religious strain which can only be
viewed as bizarre.
Here, we find some very strange bed-fellows indeed. War mongers and militarists in cahoots
with industrialists who share a certain bizarre eschatological bent: A dark view of the future,
featuring an extraterrestrial Armageddon - or at least the threat of it. Such a theme

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 571, "chars": 3655, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
supports retrograde and fanatical religious causes as well as deeply covert military-
industrial plans to expand the arms race into space.
In fact, the big players in the so-called 'civilian UFO community' are tied into such beliefs
and agendas. It strains credulity, I admit, but here is what we have found by penetrating
these operations.
From a military-industrial perspective, the disclosure of choice is one which frames the
UFO/ET issue in a threatening manner. If a threat from space can be established (as
President Reagan liked to say) then the entire world can be united around the need to fight
such a threat. This would ensure trillion dollar plus military - industrial spending well into
che next century, and beyona. If you think the cold war was costly, wait until you see the
price taa for this 'protection' from the 'threats' in space: The trillions spent on the cold war
will look like a blue light special.
Retrograde and fanatical religious groups, similarly, have great vested interests in fulfilling
the promise of Armageddon. An eschatological paradigm, well enshrined in the belief
systems of those running covert UFO projects, is supported by the portrayal of a cosmic
conflict in the heavens. Voila! We have the necessity of spinning the UFO/ET issue in the evil
invading aliens (translates in religious terms as demons) direction. Indeed, this has already
been accomplished, courtesy of the 'civilian UFO community' and the tabloid media (which
at this point is virtually all media...).
Additionally, there is a subtext which can only be viewed as thinly veiled racism. You will
note that part of the 'new myth' regarding UFOs involves the 'good ET s'
, which invariably
are described as 'Pleidians' who are 'handsome' white, blue-eyed Aryan appearing types.
Naturally, those 'evil, bad ET s' are darker, shorter, look funny and smell funny. Please.
Such clap-trap would have us trade age-old human racism for an extraterrestrial variety.
This nonsense and propaganda could only make Hitler proud.
In one lengthy meeting with a multi-billionaire, I was told that he gave great support to UFO
activities which propel the so-called 'alien abduction' subject into public awareness because
he wanted humanity to unite around fighting this 'alien threat'. Later, this very influential
figure informed me that he believed these demonic ET s were the cause of every set back in
human history since Adam and Eve. Sound familiar?
Military interests, which are heavily involved in covert projects which hoax ET events, such
as human military- related abductions, have a shared goal of demonizing the UFO/ET
phenomenon. Doing so lays the foundations for the fear and dread necessary for an
organized opposition to all things ET. And this subserves the long - term need to provide a
rationale for an expanding global military even should world peace emerge. In fact, under
this scenario, 'world peace',
, or strictly speaking peace on Earth, could be secured by the
world uniting, eventually, against the 'threat from space' referred to by President Reagan.
(By the way, personally I believe Reagan was the victim of disinformation specialists who
surrounded him and who manipulated him into the statements he made on this subject.)
Under this scenario, currently being gamed and 'disclosed' courtesy of the trial - balloon
UFO 'community', we would get peace on Earth - in exchange for inter-planetary conflict.
One step forward, ten steps back. Wonderful.
Such a false and contrived 'disclosure of the truth' regarding UFOs and ET s would, then,
subserve agendas held by powerful covert interests in both the military - industrial sector

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3281, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and those of a strange collection of religious fanatics, who pine for Armageddon - and the
sooner the better.
James Watt
Lest the reader think such a strange amalgam of militarists and cult-like religious interests
are unlikely, remember the weird views of the Third Reich. Or more recently, the views of
one US Department of the Interior cabinet secretary during the Reagan years named James
Watt. It was he who, not knowing a microphone was still on and recording his comments,
stated in the 1980s that we did not need to worry about all these environmental problems
since Armageddon was coming soon and the world would be destroyed anyway... This
bizarre view, held by a man who shaped and applied policy for the Interior Department of
the US Government, was later reported in the general media. At the time a comical footnote
perhaps. But what does it say about the degree to which such beliefs may be shaping covert
UFO policy - and specifically disclosure plans? We have found that such views - bizarre as
they may seem to most - are heavily represented in covert policy development on the UFO
subject.
And most disconcerting of all: This strange mixture of military cosmic saber-rattling and
bizarre religious beliefs are the dominant forces shaping both the 'civilian UFO community'
and the planned eventual 'spin' on UFO disclosure. Let the buyer beware.
To the rational and intellectual, such views seem ridiculous. Why, you might ask, would
anyone want a cosmic war in space, an Armageddon and the destruction of the Earth? To
comprehend this, you have to get inside the head of people who hold such beliefs - people
like James Watt. In his case, why worry about a little bit of deforestation, air pollution and
areas of dead oceans if the entire world is going to be destroyed in a couple of years
anyway?
But the thinking goes further than this. Because such fanatical thinking has within it the
concept that as a result of the Armageddon we will see the return of Christ- and with it the
good people's salvation. Now, people are free to believe what they want. But what we have
found is a deliberate influencing of covert policy on UFOs by such beliefs. Some of these
people want Armageddon - and they want it ASAP.
Strictly speaking, the militarists and war-mongers, itching to 'kick some alien butt' as it was
said in the movie Independence Day, may actually only want a pretext to justify their
existence and get the world to eventually spend huge sums of money on a perceived (if
contrived) threat from space.
But in some cases - high up on the food chain of the covert entity running UFO secrecy - the
two views meet. A place where militarism and eschatology merge. Where Star Wars and
Armageddon join.
In tracing the history of both the UFO civilian community and the covert policy-making
group concerned with UFOs, we have found a growing penetration of the latter into the
former. So much so that at this point there are projects which ostensibly are innocent
civilian initiatives but which in reality are totally controlled and financed by 'cut-outs' from
ultra-secret projects.
Moreover, our careful penetration of such projects yielded the disturbing finding that deep-
cover black project operatives are working closely with alleged civilian researchers,

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 499, "chars": 2984, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
journalists and UFO glitterati. CIA and military intelligence operatives are working with
civilian 'think tank' heads, alongside very wealthy business people who are eschatologists,
and being advised by 'civilian' technologists and scientists - who are themselves proponents
of bizarre religious belief systems involving the end of the world -- and ETs....
Thus, the new 'chosen ones' have been assembled. They are planning your disclosure on the
UFO/ET subject. They are owned by the money whores and power brokers doing the bidding
of the secret entity which runs UFO projects to begin with. And it all looks like a civilian
initiative. So innocent. So well-intended. So 'scientific'. And by the way, the sky is falling
courtesy of ET and we need your money and your souls to defend against it.
Do not be deceived. You need to be awake to the darker scenarios which some would like to
thrust upon the world. And you need to know that there are alternatives. If a 'disclosure' is
unleashed on the world which is xenophobic, militaristic and terrifying, know that it comes
from the spinmeisters of secrecy - regardless of how respectable the person or group may
appear to be.
And remember: Part of this disclosure plan involves the use of UFO look-alike devices made
by humans in an attack on Earth or military assets of Earth. This would be a well-
orchestrated use of advanced human technologies to hoax an ET attack - all for the purpose
of disclosing the truth with the desired military-oriented spin. In such a scenario, most of
humanity will be deceived into believing the threat from space has arrived - and that we
must fight it at all costs. This is nothing more than long-term social security for the military-
industrial complex. There must be people who can expose this fraud.
But why should we wait for these darker scenarios to be unleashed on an unsuspecting
world?
Here is another idea: Why don't 'we the people' unite and launch a disclosure which
resembles the first one described above. An honest one. One which leads to peace, not war.
To a sustainable and beautiful world, free of pollution and brimming with abundance, of all
types. One which reaches out into the unknown, instead of firing particle beam weapons
into the darkness of space.
Additionally, we welcome those who can come forward with first hand knowledge of the
machinations referred to in this paper and who wish to expose such madness to contact us
at http://www.cseti.org. The one thing the darkness of secrecy cannot tolerate is a spotlight
shining right on it. And the more of us holding the light, the better.
Evil steps in when good people do nothing. This is a lesson taught through thousands of
years of human history. We stand at the beginning of a new time, and a new world awaits
us. But we must embrace it, and help create it. For if we are passive, others will have their
way - at least in the short run.
Steven M. Greer M.D.
CSETI Director
Albemarle County, Virginia
21 October 1999
