{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T04:56:45Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 309182, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116869-the-covert-organization-resposible-for-the-ufo-et-issue-pi-40.pdf", "source_sha256": "0b68768ed86c2806511d6bf97045e4286b4e746279d3cbed195159416f92ae6c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 356, "chars": 2497, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Covert Organization Responsible for the UFO/ET Issue:PI-40
Last code name related to me by reliable sources: PI-40
Meaning of code name: Unknown
extraterrestrial technologies. Related compartmentalized units, which are also USAPS, are
involved in disinformation, public deception, active disinformation, so-called abductions and
liaison groups (for example to media, political leaders, the scientific community, the corporate
world etc). Think of this entity as a hybrid between government USAPS and private industry.
PI-40 consists primarily of mid-level USAPS-related military and intelligence operatives, USAPS
or black units within certain high-tech corporate entities, and select liaisons within the
international policy analysis community, certain religious groups, the scientific community and
the media, among others. The identities of some of these entities and individuals are known to
us, though most remain unidentified.
Approximately 1/3 to 1/2 or those comprising the decision-making body of PI-40 are now in
favor of a public disclosure of some type on this matter; these are, in general, the younger
members who have less complicity in past excesses. The remaining members are opposed or
ambivalent regarding a near-term disclosure.
Actual policy and decision-making seems to rest predominantly at this time in the private, civilian
sector, as opposed to USAP-related military and intelligence officials, though some information
indicates that there is significant relative autonomy in certain areas of operations. It is our
current assessment that a rising degree of debate exists within PI-40 regarding certain covert
operations and the advisability of a disclosure.
Many compartmentalized operations within 'black' or USAPS projects are structured so that those
working on the task may be unaware that it is UFO/ET related. For example, some aspects of
the so-called 'Star Wars' effort, or SDI, are intended to target extraterrestrial spacecraft which
come into close proximity to earth, but the vast majority of scientists and workers in the SDI
program are unaware of this.
We have learned from three separate, corroborating sources that since the early 1990s, at least
2 extraterrestrial spacecraft have been targeted and destroyed by experimental space-based
weapons systems.
.:
The vast majority of political leaders, including White House officials, military leaders,
congressional leaders, UN leaders and other world leaders are not routinely briefed on this matter.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 508, "chars": 3517, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
When and if inquiries are made, they are told nothing about the operations, nor is the existence
of any operation confirmed to them. In general the nature of this covert entity ensures that such
leaders do not even know to whom such inquiries should be addressed.
International cooperation exists to a wide
extent, though some witnesses state that certain
countries, particularly China, have aggressively pursued somewhat independent agendas.
Major bases of operations, apart from widely diversified private sites, include Edwards Air Force
Base in California, Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada, particularly S4 and adjacent facilities, Los
Alamos New Mexico, Fort Huachuca Arizona (Army Intelligence Headquarters), the Redstone
Arsenal in Alabama, and a relatively new, expanding underground facility accessible only by air
in a remote area of Utah, among others. Additional facilities and operations centers exist in a
number of other countries, including the United Kingdom, Australia, and Russia. Numerous
agencies have deep cover, black, USAPS related units involved with these operations, including
the National Reconnaissance Office (NRO), the National Security Agency (NSA), the CIA, the
Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), the Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI),
Naval Intelligence, Army Intelligence, Air Force Intelligence, the FBI, and others. An even more
extensive list of private, civilian and corporate entities have significant involvement. The
majority of scientific, technical and advanced technology operations are centered in the civilian
industrial and research firms. Significant - and lethal - security is provided by private contractors.
The majority of personnel as well as the leadership of most if not all of these agencies and
private groups are uninvolved and unaware of these compartmentalized, unacknowledged
operations. For this reason, sweeping accusations related to any particular agency or corporate
entity are wholly unwarranted. 'Plausible deniability ' exists at many levels. Moreover,
specialization and compartmentalization allows a number of operations to exist without those
involved knowing that their task is related to the UFO/ET subject.
Both positive inducements to cooperate and penalties for violating secrecy are extraordinary.
A senior military source has related to us that at least 10,000 people have received $1 million
or more each to ensure their cooperation, over the past few decades. Regarding penalties, we
know of more than one credible case where individuals have had their families threatened should
they break the code of silence, and we have learned of two recent alleged 'suicides' at a private
contract industrial firm which occurred after the victims began to violate secrecy on a reverse-
engineering. project related to ET technology.
Funding: A senior congressional investigator has privately related to us that 'black budget' funds
apparently are used for this and similar operations, which are USAPS. This 'black budget
involves conservatively $10 billion, and may exceed $80 billion per year. The amount
dedicated to the UFO/ET operation spécifically is unknown at this time. Additionally, significant
funds are derived from overseas sources and private and institutional sources. Amounts deriving
from these activities are also unknown by us.
• ÷
This is part of what we know at this time. Obviously, there are more questions than answers
here, and what is unknown exceeds what is known.
Nevertheless, we have, I believe, made

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 489, "chars": 3027, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
significant and historic advances in understanding how this entity operates. I have presented this
general assessment to a number of important military, political and policy institute figures, and
was surprised that it was regarded as quite accurate and in agreement with independent
assessments arrived at separately by them.
But the larger question is why? As in life in general, the whats, whos and hows are always
easier than the whys. Why the continued secrecy and deception?
I am reluctant to go too much further out on this limb, because here we get into questions related
to ultimate motive and purpose, which is always a rather squishy area, ill-defined in the best of
cases.
And this, I am afraid, is no ordinary matter, and the emotions, motives and purpose
behind such extraordinary and high-stakes actions are likely complex and dissonant. Indeed, such
motives are likely a very mixed bag, ranging from the initially noble and well-intentioned, to the
depraved.
Sen. Barry Goldwater told me in 1994 that the secrecy surrounding the ET subject was "a damn
mistake then and a damn mistake now...". I am inclined to agree with the senator here, but the
drive for secrecy was not and is not altogether rooted in stupidity. Rather, I see it rooted in fear
and a lack of trust.
While I generally dislike psycho-babble, I believe the psychology of all of this is important. It
is my belief that secrecy, especially extreme secrecy of this degree, is always a symptom of
illness.
If you have secrets in your family, it is a sickness, born out of fear, insecurity and
distrust. This, I feel, can be extended to communities, companies, and societies. Ultimately, the
drive for secrecy is a symptom of a deeper malaise derived from a fundamental lack of trust, and
an abundance of fear and insecurity.
In the case of UFOs/ET, the early days of the 1940s and 1950s were, I sense, a time of fear
bordering on panic. We had just emerged from a devastating world war, and unleashed the
horror of nuclear weapons. The USSR was expanding its empire, and arming itself to the teeth
with bigger and deadlier nuclear weapons. And they were beating us in the race into space.
Now along comes extraterrestrial spacecraft, which are retrieved along with deceased (and one
living) life form. Panic. Fear. Confusion. Countless unanswered questions arise, all tinged with
fear.
Why are they here? How will the public react? How can we secure their technology - and keep
it from our mortal enemies? How can we tell the people that the most powerful air force in the
world cannot control its airspace? What will happen to religious belief? To the Economic order?
To Political stability? To the keepers of current technology? To....
It is my opinion that the early days of secrecy, were predictable, even understandable, and
possibly even justifiable.
.:
But as the decades rolled by,and especially with the end of the Cold War, fear alone does not
fully explain the secrecy. After all, 1996 is not 1946 - we have been to space, landed on the

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 493, "chars": 3115, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
moon, detected planets around other star systems, found the building blocks of life in far-away
space, and about 50% of the population believe the UFOs are real. And the soviet empire has
collapsed.
I believe two other significant factors are at play now: Greed and control, and the inertia of
décades of secrecy.
Greed and control are easily understood: Imagine being involved with a project unraveling and
then applying advanced extraterrestrial technology. The power and economic impact - and thus
value.- of such technology exceeds the combined significance of the internal combustion engine,
electricity, the computer chip and all forms of telecommunications. We are talking about the
technology of the next millennium. You think the computer/information age revolution is big?
Fasten your seat belts, because down the road - sooner or later - will be the non-linear, zero point
technological revolutions based on advanced ET technologies.
No wonder the corporate, military-industrial complex interest and secrecy exceeds even that of
the government related USAPS. The formula for Coca Cola has nothing on this.
The bureaucratic inertia of large secret operations is yet another matter. After decades of
operations, and of lies, public deceptions and worse, how does such a group unravel all the webs
it has weaved? There is a certain addictive allure to secret power for some types of people; they
are charged by having and knowing secrets. And there is the specter of a sort of cosmic
Watergate, with all manner of people calling for this head or that. It becomes easier to maintain
the status quo, something all bureaucracies are adept at doing.
And even now there is fear. Not just fear of being exposed in the age of Watergate, this -gate
and that-gate, but a rather xenophobic and primitive fear of the unknown. Who are these
humanoids, why are they here; how dare they enter our airspace without our permission!
Humanity has a long tradition of fearing - and hating - that which is different, unknown, from
elsewhere. Witness the still-rampant racial, ethnic, religious, and nationalistic prejudice and
hatred which ravage the world of humanity. There is an almost ingrained xenophobic response
to the unknown and that which is different. And it is certain that the ETs are more different from
us than, say, protestants are from catholics in Ireland.
I once asked a physicist involved with military and intelligence operations related to UFOs why
we were, attempting to destroy these spacecraft with advanced space-based weapons. He
immediately became agitated and said, "Those cowboys running this thing are so arrogant, so out
of control, that they view any entry by a UFO into our air space as an offense worthy of a hostile
response. And they are going to get us into an inter-planetary conflict if we are not
careful.."
And so it goes. Fear. Fear of the unknown. Greed and control. Institutional Inertia. These are
a few of what I see as the current animating forces driving the continue secrecy of PI-40.
But where to from here? How to transform this situation from extreme secrecy to disclosure?

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 539, "chars": 3449, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
There is an old Chinese proverb which says, "Unless we change directions, we are likely to end
up where we are going." How true. And where we are going in this area is immensely
dangerous. Extreme secrecy, especially on something this far-reaching and important, undermines
democracy, subverts the constitution, concentrates enormous technological power in the hands
of the unelected few and puts the entire planet in harms way. This must end.
CSETT Project Starlight has been working for nearly 3 years to collect evidence, identify current
and former government, military, intelligence and corporate witnesses, and brief various world
leaders. Much has been accomplished, with no paid staff, no significant funding and the
dedication and volunteer efforts of a persistent team. But much remains to be done. Here is a
partial list:
In June of 1995, we convened a meeting of important miliary and government witnesses from
the US and Russia, and we all signed a letter asking President Clinton to issue an executive order
permitting such witnesses to speak without penalty or retribution. I suggest that the
Administration, in cooperation with Congress, sponsor open hearings where these witnesses, who
now number over 2 dozen, could openly testify to what they know about the UFO/ET matter.
This would constitute a definitive disclosure, I assure you. In this regard, you can help in two
ways : 1) Write the President and ask that he issue an executive order permitting these witnesses
to safely come forward, and at the same time write your Senator and Congressman and request
that they sponsor open hearings where these witnesses may speak. 2) Contact me immediately
if you or someone you know may be a current or former government, military or corporate
witness. We have protective measures in place, and the more witnesses we have, the stronger
the case - and the greater the margin of safety for all concerned. Please help us if you can.
The international community and the United Nations should similarly hold open hearings on this
matter. We have witnesses from all over the world, and ideally, an international disclosure and
evidence gathering effort should begin immediately.
The world community should not sit by passively, thus abdicating responsibility to secret
operations. CSETI has for 5 years been involved in a citizens diplomacy effort, and made
significant breakthroughs in developing protocols to contact these extraterrestrial visitors. Rather
than passively watching this as some distant 'phenomenon', we should attempt to establish
communication with these life forms, and begin the early stages of an open inter-planetary
relationship.. If you are interested in learning more about how you can be involved in such a
research and diplomacy effort, contact us.
Lastly, we must be prepared to forgive. There is nothing to be gained by calling for severe
retribution for those involved with either current or past secrecy. Many may have felt they were
doing the right thing at the time, and even currently. We do not need a cosmic Watergate, and
we must collectively renounce it. We should be willing to look to the moment and to the future,
and forgive the past. There is precedent for this: In the early days of the Clinton Administration,
there were sweeping disclosures about past excesses and crazy experiments within the Department
of Energy, and the former Atomic Energy Commission. We learned of plutonium being put on

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 168, "chars": 975, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the oatmeal of kids in orphanages, of deliberate radiation releases in populated areas to see 'what
would happen, and so forth. This truth came out, and the world did not end. Nobody had to go
to jail. The government did not collapse, and the sky did not fall. Let us move forward, with
some real compassion and forgiveness, and begin the next century anew.
Ultimately, if the people will lead, the leaders will follow. Courage, vision and perseverance are
needed to transform this situation, and create a time of openness, trust and to lay the foundation
for both global and inter-planetary peace. If our leaders currently lack this courage and vision,
then we must manifest it for them. The stakes are too high to look the other way while our future
is stolen from us. The future of life on earth, and our place in the cosmos, are at risk. Together,
let-us work to secure it, for our children and our children's children.
Steven M. Greer M.D.
Director of CSETI
21 May 1996
