{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T15:48:42Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1655168, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116838-the-edge-interview-ron-russell-august-1998.pdf", "source_sha256": "7cc4a536155fa39b0400293289bb1c4fe686954ca6751204124f2f380a44a285"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1074, "chars": 6753, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VOLOGY.
MEYE
I's EYE
circle wrakers
apanese
iza to me
remyer
r playing in the dirt
ur concrete house
louse where Mrs.
as a witch-lady, but
ned me to be care-
Sweeny gave me,
I and a lot of what
son.
1. It was a bright
950. Mrs. Sweeny
orch. My Invisible
aggedy Andy, was
ng patterns in the
lent i looked up. In
if time had been
ful, oblong silver-
loved slowly from
pioncering space artist, Ron Russell
east. Surprised,
Is one of the moving forces behind
un reflecting on a ?
• research into extraterrestrial intelli-
was no flapping,
gence and crop circle phenomena. I
had the good fortune to meet Ron
5, it was watching
but I wäsnt fright-
several years ago when thine aigall good
peared,! returned
humor,
appeared
at Emporia State
ni had concluded
University, to
show
slides and introduce
. Although It could
Kansans" to the "magnificent art" which has
errestrial or inter-
been appearing in the grain fields, particularly
raft, I'm sticking
in England but increasingly around the planet.
pretation.
As Ron wrote in a recent article for Fate
nion is influenced
Magazine There is a painter behind the
fe has taken Saral
edy, Andy as my
an intelligence behind the manifestation
died comparátive l that is P
aying with us in
iri Aurobindo, the
way."
a most wonderful
dition. During an
Headquartered in Denver, Ron was making
the mountains of
a concerted eflort to alert folks, like ourselves,
ile the Apollo mis- 15
who live in' the wheat belt.
noon, we discov-
As with anomalous
phenomena in general, lacking a frame of ref-
e are in touch with
are'not earthlings.
erence for the inexplicable, we often miss it
r the guidance of
. altogether, We simply don't notice. Or we dis-
hat is as reason-
miss the event as lacking significance. Or we
Elsie as anyone, tell ourselves that we understand, even though
assed.the. rupture
we don't.
for the dominant
I moon and earth.
You've read the stories: "Weather balloons
t. To what extent
fall from sky. Post-mortems performed on crash
ie were associat-
-test-dummies by Naval Intelligence." Or: "Last-
* of Crones, 1 am
night, Dave and Berry-wearing black suits,
is a strange reso-
dark glasses, and blues brother hats—-were tele-
experience
of
ported by
I Jacob's Ladder
Covert Operatives licensed by
Japanese television into the wheat fields of
ó central Kansas
Kansas where they hoaxed a crop circle.
nspired by a net-
Startled farm worker believed he had seen a
antinued to prac-
* UFO."
es. For a number
• We hadn't seen the lights in the field of ripe
inexplicable hap-
wheat south of our home, but we did walk in
hile raising kids,
erse.
the bar-bell pattern which remained after the
left home, weird
lights disappeared. And we were astonished and
en: For'instance,
enlivened by the experience.
Since then we
smooth white, as
have supported Ron's efforts to bring these pic-
ra-modern jet cir-
tures to the attention of as many people as pos-
x acre pasture in
i sible because, it seems clear to us, someone,
ven, though that
1 the Newtonian
who is not hoaxing around, is trying to com-
y. a WW Il cargo
municate with us and the message is extremely
the road ahead
significant.
pulled over. 1
more likely, oth-
Ron, what is your background, in general, and
nough to not be
how did you come to be the Midwest
htings, involved
Coordinator for the Centre for Crop Circle
gy beyond our
Studies?
Maybe a covert
Ron Russell: I am a professional artist of 35
tarindustrial
• years. Having done work for NASA, Star Trek,
d such capabili-
and aerospace companies, my best work has
and image pro-
always involved some kind of contact compara-
I know is that. s ble to what is cuphemistically called a muse.
e of an iridepen-
holly anomalous
2 When I saw these crop circle glyphs being
ireported from England in the early *90s, I dis-
ng.enough to be
arel particulärly
cerned this to be another form of contact to
paxed and some
investigate personally. As I have been going to
England yearly, it naturally occurred that I
S EVE/page 12
would be a good liaison for the fledging organi-
Universal
Intelligence
THE EDGE INTERVIEW WITH RON RUSSELL
BY JAY BREMYER
FIRST OF A TWO-PART SERIES
•Ron Russell: Circle Watcher**
zation of researchers known as CCCS and
could coordinate events in the U.S.
In an article in Zen in 'the Art of Close"
Encounters, you say that the circle makers
leave an energetically pregnant transforma-
tive artwork. What are crop circles and what
do you mean by that statement?
Russell: On a descriptive level, crop circles are
areas of swirled and fattened grass, mostly
wheat, that appear unsystematically. On a
higher level, crop circles act as a kind of 'spiri-
tual machine,' as an area of contact that has
transformative qualities.
Crop circles are
exquisite works of art in their own right, and
many who study the circles would like to meet
the artists. I do not mean the human circle fak-
ers who do the occasional hysterical vandalism,
It is apparent to those who study the phenome-
non first hand that these spectacular and mys-
terious gilts are beyond human causation. The
military investigates these circles, and they
watch us when we investigate the circles. Would
this be the case if they were fake and human
made? Be it the Pan force, elementals, ETs,
other dimensional beings, or discarnate entities,
the result is an awe-inspiring symbo! When we
endeavor to decipher the circles by application
of linear logic, this is not sufficient.
In that same article you say: "There seem to
be no shapes one can associate with any
known human creeds. Because the phenome-.
non was just outside known and accepted
reality, we have been spared a lot of dogmat-
ic foolishness... A momentous event has
slipped through the cracks of our world, safe-
ly ignored by the majority." Can you elaborate
on this?
Russell: The crop circles shapes we are getting
as formations, with few exceptions, are not
directly translatable in a linear fashion; tharis,
we really do not know what they mean. They
contain amazing geometries and sacred phi
see CIRCLES/page 12
JULY 1998
YOGI, DD, VHT
SHARON R
VIBRATIONAL HE
ENERGY WORK
ATTUNEMENT TH
SPIRITUAL ADVIS
EMPATH, INNER VISION, TA
(913) 383-
BARB
HOFFM
M.A.
Licensed Professio
Licensed Clinical S
• Childhood
• Domestic:
• • Sexual.AbL
• Relationsh
• Depressior
• Loneliness
• Divorce
• Women's C
WESTPORT C
CENTER
4104 CENTRA
KCMO 64111
816) 561-1114
By Sancta Sophia
Ra Caral E. Paris, PLD.
founder of Sparzow Want Viag
Classes are open
• Esoteric C
• Ancient wisc
• Agni Yoga • Intu
• Counseling
, Spiritual scien
• Nume
• Drean
• Natural
• Meditation
Many more meta
Certification,
and graduate pro
Located in the spiritual community of Spa
22 Summit Ridge Drive, Tahlequat
- Call 800 386-7161 for more int
E-mail: iccc@sanctasophia.org • Web sitt

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1095, "chars": 6768, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
nand!
• SpeakersT
ily 19
Miracles"
ment-Prosperity"
others, has authored several
Drug: Breaking the Chains of
: Reclaim Your Spiritial Power
The newspaper ran a story quoting a meteorologist from
• Kansas University who, without investigating, asserted
Whatever it is, it Is watching us. Dx
that all crop circles are hoaxes.
We went to the site. Imprinted In the wheat, approxi-
Jay Brenyar's most recent books are The Chymical Cook: A True Account of
mately 100 feet off the road, we found two circles con- - Mystical Initiation in the Georgia Woods published by Barrytown/Station
nected by a path 10 feet long and 4 feet wide. The circle
Hill), and The Dance of Creatad Lights: A Sufi Tale (published by New Falcon).
on the east was 75 feet across; the one on the west, 40
*Both are availabls from bookstores. For autographed copies, send S17 or
feet across. An inverted "L" protruded north from the
$18, respectively, to Sage Ranch, 1500 Pueblo Road, McPherson KS 67460.
smaller circle, 4 feet up and 3 feet to the east. A young
To participate in The Chymical Cook Workshop contact Jay at (316) 654 3695
man working in an adjacent field late at night had seen
lights. The next day the farmer discovered the formation.
or bremyer@midusa.net
y 26th
You See It."
on Experience"
uly 25th (10-5)
ning"
al God Realization Ministry.
anda, the renowned spiritual
gust 2nd
Workshop:
y Medicine"
ritual Healing in Peru. The
on God's Healing Love, Roth
, August 9th
ace"
ontinuing Education and has
including Unity Church of
August 16th
erable Soul"
rell as national organizations
, August 23rd
the Path"
itual Self-mastery"
r Positive Living is Sarasota,
iculum on The Principles and
e New Spiritualiry.
of Life
nd Park, KS t
Welcom
Circles
- =
continued from page 11
ratios, like floor plans for a temple or church in the fields
of our food supply. I suspect the answer is not to be found
through a linear deductive
process exclusively.
Translating these glyphs will require activation of a new
cryptographic part of our brain. This phenomenon has
slipped through cracks in our consentual reality. When
mentioned by the media it is often derided and mocked.
The humorous part of this is that while the disinforma-
tion in the media has kept millions of people from explor-
ing the crop circles, this has worked to our advantage
because we do not associate with the large crowds that we
see, for example, at Lourdes.
How does your work with SETI (Center for the Study
of Extra
Terrestrial Intelligence) correlate with your interest in
crop circles?
Russell: The principle work of CSETI is to make fearless
and diplomatic contact with other intelligent beings. Dr.
Steven Greer has developed field protocols which enable
this contact to be safely made. It is, in fact, quite effective.
Many sky watches have been done from crop circles and
these have often resulted in some form of contact. In 1992
a small group of researchers developed a shape in our
minds, and meditated and projected this shape to the cir-
cle makers; this effort resulted in that same shape appear-
ing in the field that very night: We know there is other
intelligence in the universe, and some are apparently
making crop formations, and individual groups appear to
have their own agenda.
The circle phenomenon seems to be concentrated in
England; why
do you think that has been the case?
Russell: The predominance of pre-Celtic Neolithic sites
of habitation, and the preponderance of stone circles and
ancient barrows, among other indications, leads me to
believe the land in the Wessex area of southern England
has sacred significance.
What can you tell us about crop circles in America?
_ Russell: Unfortunately, very little, There is virtually no
network of
reporting and many of the appearances of formations are
lost to us for lack of communication. The few formations
we do hear about have been as interesting and amazing
as those in England. There are 10 to 15 reported forma-
tions in the United States yearly and we suspect the num-
ber is much higher. Samples from these formations have
been sent to Dr. Levingood at Pinelandia Laboratories in
Michigan and, just as samples from the formations in
England and in other parts of the world, they show sig-
nificant physiological changes at the cellular and perhaps
even at the genetic level. This is one of the most exciting
and profound mysteries in our world today. It is transfor-
mative to those who touch it and there is an inexorable
COPYRIGHT 1997, RON RUSSELL
Koch Fractal at Milk Hill, England
August 1997, wheat field, 250' diameter
influence being given to all of' us as an ellect of these great
formations. For example, there is the subtle effect of some
of the grain being in our food supply. The vibrations,
which are palpable and measurable in circles, are con-
tained in the seeds and are mixed with the harvested
grain, then shipped all over the world. This is a covert
engineering leat of the highest order; a kind of cultural
medication that may be designed to help us avoid the
more radical surgery of catastrophic changes which so
many seers predict. We need more reporting and I would
urge your readers to contact me if they hear of or see a
formation.
I know you guide small groups to England during the
crop circle
season. Could you tell us about this?
Russell: Yes, I conduct small research tours to southern
England in June and July to enable people to gain first
hand experience within the circles, the sacred sites and
the energies. These reasonably priced tours include daily
guest experts, pilots with small planes for aerial surveil-
lance, and private access to Stonehenge, and more. We
strive to learn through acquisition of first hand knowl-
edge and enjoy the country at the same time. Legislation
in England forbids trespassing and it has become increas-
ingly difficult to obtain entrance into the formations
which are almost all on private land. In light of my asso-
ciation with CCCS, and other researchers, 1 have
arrangements with many of the farmers in the area to
make respectful visits to their fields. This is, alter all, a
subtle but momentous event in human history. A tacit
form of contact that is beautiful and inspiring and poten-
tially transformative.
It makes complete sense to study this magnificent gift,
does it not?
Jay Brewyer's most recant books ara The Chymical Coole A Trua Accourt of
Mystical Initiatisa in the Georgia Woods published by Barrytown/Station
Hill), and The Danca of Created Lights: A Suff Tale (published by How Falcon).
Contaet Jay at (316) 654 3695 or bramyer@ridusa.nst For research tour
information er to report crap circle formations, Ron Russell can be reached
at ron@astrestcom or through his website at www.cropcircles.org or at
P.D. Box 40307, Denver CJ 80204.
