{"created_utc": "2026-09-15T08:05:44Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 378440, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304063315072546, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116830-letter-from-grant-cameron-to-dr-steven-greer-re-wilbert-smith-interview-9-7-2002.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540616000000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116830-letter-from-grant-cameron-to-dr-steven-greer-re-wilbert-smith-interview-9-7-2002.pdf", "source_sha256": "ab30e4a00947e562d8c2af8ef532ff227bb86f8516742dd213aac8af8913bd25"}

September 7, 2002

Dr. Greer

Thank you for publishing my article on the Wilbert Smith interview. It has brought many
people to my website where they appear to have read much of the other Smith articles
and documents.

I have enclosed a copy of the Top Secret Memo draft that was found in the Smith files at
the University of Ottawa. I hope it will be of interest to you. The article related to it is at
www.presidentialufo.com/top_secret_draft.htm

Sincere!


Grant Cameron
President's UFO Website
www.presidentialufo.com
 •liffi oO thiiS TO`t=COA4'SL ' OF TfW)UMUffiCAfO1S:

              r. r the past semsl Tears n have been engaged in the study
    various aapeoti ol.rndio`wave propagation. The *spades of this
 ph.aan.nami:i{a led na,into the•fiiida.of aurora, oomaic radiation,
 ataosphesio:f4lo.estiTity sad gao-maguetiaia. In the case of geo-magaeties
 qcr i nvesgst4ouá kite,contributed'little to our koWledgs of radio wave
           ti
 propegatiaa.ss 7$s,bUt.net&theieaa:have inffioated several avenues of
 investigationwhioh ssny well be explored with profit. For .maple, we are
 on tie track of t SMns wher.by the potential energy of the earth's sagaetia
 field say be abstracted and used.

                     the basis of thsoretio4 .consideratiosa a.amall and very
            npsrisentel_ uzit' sus eonatrnated. apps 'imately a year ago and tested
       --. Steada?+ds; Lnborntory. Tho..teats war. essentially miEoessfnl in that
   snffioieat,sergt::a8.;gbstisat.d froa the earth's field:to operate a volt_
   aeter,..'aiiproz1ngtd.T 50:milliwatts. .Although this unit was far from being
    seif:sastnining,it nagertheless daaonstrated the sonudness of the basic
    principles ,in a'queliljative saner and, provided useful data for the design
 •. of a better.
                 , .
                      Qesiga has nor b.aa'ao=pl.ted for a Wait ~hiah should be
        =sostaiaing'e~td i addition provide a small surplus of power. Such a
:unit, in:'additiou_64`t+otioning as a 'pilot power plant' should be large,
             tc,pgamit=Se study of the various reaction forces which are axpect.i
   to develop...

               We,balar. that we are: on the track bf'aomething which nay well"
       to _b. the:Iairoducfoa  to a new"tm €7.         Ta existence of a different
 teohaolo3y.ts born-oat`by the investigatiohs which are being carried on at
     present         rainli on to flying lancers.,: : ,"  '

                       Is in Washington attending the HASB Conference, two books
      ware raiegsad,tm titled *Behind the flying Saner" by Tank Scully, and
:_'.. the other *Tbe..tying Sanasrs are Real= by Do wld Serhoe. Both books dealt
      moatly With-tbe:'t'     tgs of unidentified objects end both books maim that
      flying objeats..wsre q ,antra-tnrsatrial.origin and might well be space ships
                                  -2 -:


    #t another planet. Scully claimed that the preliminary studies of
    Gas Saucer which fell into the hands of.the United States Government
    indioated that they operated on soae hitherto unknown magnetic
    principles. .It appeared to as that our own work in geo-magnetics
    night well be the linkage betweei our technology and the technology
j ' by which the saucers are designed and operated. If it is assumed that
    our geo-mgnetic investigations are in the right direction, the theory
    of operation of the saucers becomes quite straightforward, with all
    observed features explained qualitatively and quantitatively.

                 Lade discreet enquiries through the Canadian Hnbaasy
  staff in Washington who were able to obtain for me the following
  infozmation't

"a;t `i`he mattmr,is••the most"highly classified subjeat in the United
     States.;Ocvsrnment, rating higher even than the H-barb.. .

      Dying sauoerf exist."

  c. Their modus".operandi is unknown but concentrated effort is being
     made by a small group headed by Doctor Vannevar Bush.

  .   The iatire.matter is considered. by the United States authorities "
      to be of tremendous "significance. .

 I was further informed that the United States authorities are investigating
 along quite a.nnber•of lines which might possibly be related to the saucers
 such as mental'phenoaena and I gather that they are not doing too well since
 they indicated. that.if Canada is doing anything at all in geo-magnetics they
 would welcome. a`disoussion with suitably accredited Canadians.

               While I t not yet in a position to say that we have solved
  even the first problems in geo.~nsgnitio energy release, I feel that the
  correlation,between our basic theory and the available information on
  saucers checka•too closely to be mere coincidence. It is my honest opinion
  that we areon the right track and are fairly close"to at least some of the


                xr. Wright, Defeaoe Research Board liaison officer at the
   Canadian Inbassy in Washington, was extremely anxious for me to get in touch
   with Doctor Soleadt, Chairman of the Defence Research Board, to discuss with
 - him future investigations along the line of geo-magnetic energy release.


                                                                                  0
 I do not feel't3at we have as yet _sufficient'data to place before Defence
 Research Board which would enable a program to be initiated within that
 organisation;::but I do feel that further research is necessary and I would
 prefer to`see.'it:done within the frame work of our own organization with,
 of oourse; full       cc      and exchange of information with other
                            -operation


 interested bodies,.

                I`disoussed this matter folly with Doctor Solandt, Chairman of
  Defence'$eseesoh Board, on Hovesber 20th and placed before him as much
  information ee I.have been able to gather to date. Doctor Solandt agreed
  that work      geq-nagnetiasensrg' should go forward as rapidly as possible
                 cn


  and offrd full co-operation of his Board in providing laboratory facilities;
  acquisition .at necessary items of equipment, and specialized personnel for
  inoidentel:.arork'in the project. I indicated to Doctor Solandt that we would
  prefer to]Ceep'the   project within the Department of'Transport for the time
  being until' we have obtained sufficient information to permit a oomplete
. asseaeanent .of the v4ue of the work.

              Zt,}s therefore recommended that a PR0780T be set up within
• the frame work of this Section to study this problan and that the work be
• oarried;om.a part time basis until such time as sufficient tangible results
  can be seen to warrant more definitive action. Cost of the program in its
  initial stageaare expected to be.less than a few hundred dollars and can
  be carried Ly.our.Radio Standards Lab_ appropriation.

              Attached hereto is a draft of terms of reference for such a
 project whioh,.if authorized, will enable us to proceed with this research
 work within ,our "Own organization. ':
                                                    SEOUL?


                            }?EO:TISOT 1fAONET


             ?.~.Thi■ project is for the purpose of studying magnetic
 phenomena;, particularly those phenomena resulting tram unusual boundary
 conditions in the basic electramngnetio theory. There is reason to
 believe that.such'phenaaemr exist and that their' discovery will Qpen
 up anew aM useful technology.

• ORGANIZAATIOW

              ml initial organization ehail be as small as practical
 and composed ot:personnel.who are used to working together, inoluding so
 far as possible a variety yf research abilities. Laboratory facilities
 are to be Iran •trcva casting foilities oo far as possible. Onneef
 responsibility for the project shall rest with the engineer-in-charge,
 to ehall delegate such responsibility to aubordinates as may be required
 to carry out the project.
 PROGRAM

              The initial program shall include the following avenues of
 investigatiohs,.to which others may be added from time to time as may appear
 expediet.

     •l. Theoretical study of electromagnetic radiation assuming boundary
         conditions.different from those upon which the conventional theory
         was developed..

       :'; laboratory study of the mechanics], forces associated with electron
           drift: and`electrio currents in metalic masses. . .

           Theoretical and laboratory study of magnetic domain resonance
           conditions in magnetic materials.

      4.•Investigation of the propagation of magnetic wave motion in
         magnetic materials.
      5. Investigate the possibility or producing, in effect, a "sink"
         in a aagnetio field.

       . : Investigate the possibility of producing, in effect, single
           isolated magnetic poles.'

       .. IrAvestigate the effects of a magnetic field on a rotating
          curriplaner metalic object.

                                                          2

                                                                                 i
                                  z


COORDINATION .

          c .7tt11 coordination is to be maintained, within security
regulations,. with other groups working on parallel or associated problems.
Project raporCI will-be available on a classified basis to suitably
aceredited groups or.individuals.

SECURITY

             M in the case with most fields of research, it is impossible
to assess the results in advance which may be obtained through this projcot.
However, thare`.exist certain suspicion that.the lesser known and little
explored aspects of magaetisn may hold the key to a new and significant
teohnolog'. Qons~quently, it is intended to classify this work in its
entirety until;suah time as it can be assessed for its impact on our
oivil1Eat4gn.
