{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T23:43:25Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 164188, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116881-congressman-christopher-cox-letter-from-steven-greer-re-secret-project-and-facilities-august-30-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "635f721fb4706c413bc15bfe641307c4a9ff2d718388e5913167b4bd6cdb47b2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 423, "chars": 2655, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Letter to Congressman Christopher Cox
From Steven M. Greer, MD
International Director - Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CSETI)
30 August 1996
Dear Congressman Cox,
Thank you for taking the time from your busy schedule to meet with Mr.
me on the 19". We hope you have had a chance to review some of the materials related
to the UFO/ETI matter. Please feel free to contact us should you have any further
questions or comments.
We also very much appreciate your offer to make some directed inquiries into the matter
through appropriate points of contact with the intelligence committees of the Congress.
As you requested, since our meeting I have been collecting information on a number of
projects and facilities where advanced research and development related to
extraterrestrial technology are located. We hope that this information will be useful and
will enable you to make as specific an inquiry as possible.
Sources with whom I have spoken indicate that no official oversight and knowledge of
these programs is likely to be found, even through intelligence committee briefings in
secure settings ("the tank"). Of course, this then brings up the question of how such
expensive R and D could be effected.
A few possibilities are listed below, and are
considered likely avenues of funding by military and intelligence people with whom we
have worked on this matter.
I am not optimistic that any official and legal oversight of these projects is occurring.
This is based on the following:
• Director of Central Intelligence Jim Woolsey was not briefed on any such
projects. I was asked to come to Washington to brief him because he knew the
matter was real but was unable to officially get any information on these projects.
• Dick D'Amato, chief counsel and investigator for the Senate Appropriations
Committee, told us in 1994 that even with a top secret clearance and subpoena
power he couldn't penetrate these operations, even though he knew they were
ongoing projects, and he knew basically where to look. He said "This is the
varsity team of all covert projects. Good luck...."
• A four star general on the Joint Chiefs of Staff knew nothing of these projects, but
after a briefing by a member of our team he made an inquiry through channels,
and was assured nothing was there. Then he made a private inquiry to a former
military colleague with whom he had attended West Point and who currently
works for a major military contractor. He was told that such projects do exist and
was told the locations. He was justifiably astonished and disturbed.
• Similar lack of information exists at very senior levels of the White House.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2407, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Lord Hill-Norton, a five star Admiral and former head of the Ministry of Defense
in Great Britain has assured us that, even though, he now knows such projects
exist, he was never informed about them as head of the MOD or MIS.
5 course es ta. But guer ed she penges ne mili e series and it do so
been briefed on this matter, although this remains a possibility.
An Air Force source has told us that deep black projects can escape any direct oversight
by having funds "hidden" in other projects. For example, $1 billion may be allocated for
secret aerospace research and development, with certain projects cited as beneficiaries of
this funding. In reality, however, $600 million may be used for the 'acknowledged'
secret projects while the remaining $400 million is used for 'unacknowledged' projects.
Many of these projects have been largely 'privatized' by multi-billion dollar military
contractor corporations. R&D on the extraterrestrial matter is funded through 'profits' or
revenue built into lucrative contracts with the government on 'acknowledged' projects.
This, then, creates an indirect source of government funding inasmuch as the funds used
for UPO/ET research is derived from "profits and overhead' related to legitimate projects.
These projects are global in scope and transcend both the boundaries and control of the
US government. Similarly, funding is from global, i.e. foreign sources, as well as
domestic and private sources.
One member of the 'control group' dealing with this matter has told us that there are
"creative ways' of funding such things out of the international monetary system,
including the process of rounding off transactions so that the far decimal amounts
(.00099) are placed in secure accounts for such funding purposes. This individual, who
runs a major global supercomputer firm, states that this is easily done with current
supercomputing technologies.
More than one source has stated that certain illegal activities by the military and CIA,
such as drug trafficking, have been used to generate revenue for deep black projects.
T hope the enclosed list of facilities and projects will be helpful to your inquiry. It is by
no means exhaustive, but reflects the best information to date which our team has been
able to collect.
Please feel free to contact me at any time should you have any questions or comments.
Sincerely,
Steven M. Greer, MD
Director of CSETI

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 137, "chars": 1042, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Projects and Facilities Related to the UFO/Extraterrestrial Matter
Revised January 2009
Original list and recommendations compiled for Congressman Christopher Cox - 1996
Edwards Air Force Base and Related Facilities
Government Facilities:
Edwards AFB
Haystack Butte
China Lakes
George AFB
Norton AFB
Table Top Mountain Observatory (NASA)
Blackjack Control
Aerospace Facilities:
Northrop "Anthill" (Tejon Ranch)
McDonald Douglas Llano Plant
Lockheed-Martin Helendale Plant
Phillips Labs (North Edwards facility)
The Nellis Complex
Area 51/S4
Pahute Mesa and Area 19
Groom Lake
New Mexico Facilities
Los Alamos National Laboratories
:
Kirtland Air Force Base
Sandia National Laboratories (SNL), Defense Nuclear Agency
Phillips Labs
Manzano Mountain Weapons Storage Facility and underground complex
Coyote Canyon Test Site (N. end of Manzano)
White Sands Complex
Arizona
Fort Huachuca, underground storage facility, NSA and Army Intelligence complex near
Ft. Huachuca underground storage of ET spacecraft and previously autopsied ET life
forms.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 149, "chars": 1122, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
Others
Cheyenne Mountain Colorado Deep Space Network, dedicated console for tracking
UFOs
Lawrence Livermore Labs
Pine Gap - underground facility in Australia - Majestic US and Australian
Redstone Arsenal underground complex - Alabama
Utah underground complex southwest of Salt Lake City, accessible only by air -
Dugway Proving Grounds outside Provo - classified airspace
US Government Agencies with current or past involvement
(Activities are compartmentalized into super-secret USAPS - Unacknowledged Special
Access Projects, which means that they are not acknowledged to anyone, even those
senior in the chain of command)
Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI)
DARPA
DIA
FBI
Military Intelligence divisions (Army, Air Force, Navy)
NASA
NRO (National Reconnaissance Office)
NSA (National Security Agency)
Space Commands
Others
Private Corporate Entities believed to be involved
BDM
Bechtel Corp.
Booz-Allen and Hamilton, Inc.
Boeing Aerospace
EG&G
E Systems
Lockheed Martin (various facilities including Denver research center)
McDonnell Douglas Corp
MITRE Corp.
Northrup Aerospace
Phillips Labs
Raytheon

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 126, "chars": 875, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Rockwell International
SAIC (Science Applications International, Inc.)
TRW
Village Supercomputing, Phoenix AZ
Wackenhut Corp.
Others
Recommendations (from original letter to Congressman Cox)
We recommend that the Congress pursue this matter as follows:
• By making directed inquiries to contacts and chairman of the House and Senate
Intelligence Committees;
• By inquiring directly to the various facilities, agencies and entities listed;
• By pursuing other contacts known to the Congress which may be able to assist in
identifying point of control for these operations.
• We recommend that the Congress pursue this matter further by convening
Congressional hearings whereby direct witnesses to these projects may testify.
We believe more than one member of Congress should be located to co-sponsor
such an inquiry.
Thank you for your assistance in this important matter.
:
