{"created_utc": "2026-08-24T15:39:29Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 10449855, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116877-project-starlight-book-chapter-2-pgs-34-96-97-101-missing.pdf", "source_sha256": "61ff3ebbb273b4446f3b81a3f7c004455d9789329d67282c1fbaf0ac217136e3"}

o-


          -
              &


                  .e4t 9
                      •fl         -I-


aa
                   So


                    _   ,I    r

                             /4         J   ML
                                                                           34

                              CHAPTER TWO

                   DETECTING SOUND FROM NOISE

            The Comprehensive Assessment Of The Situation


Over the past    years~an intensive effort has been launched to collect not

only the best evidence but to reach a comprehensive understanding~of the
                                                                            ,
situation dealing with extra-terrestrial life forms. It is important to not
                                                                         C the

difference between an assessment and a conclusion.           For example, a

physician may be taking care of a individual with substernal chest pain

radiating into the left arewith shortness of breath and sweating,,and nausea

and will reach a tentative assessment that the person is having a heart

attack. But the person may also be having a pulmonary embolus, may b+"

having a spasm of their esophagus or food pipe,
                                                       A
pneumonia that this eating into the lining of the lungs causing these

symptoms                ther things. So, what we want to present here is a
  ~m
                 assessment which can be viewed as a working diagnosis,

as it were, on this whole subject. It is certainly subject to revision as new

information arrives; but it is our best estimate of the entire subject taken as

a whole, comprehensively. The importance of having this assessment is,

quite frankly, the significance of trying to make sense out of a tremendous

amount of data, theories, speculations umor       ••     atti ave. cd~To get

away from all that noise, it is important to try to tune into the sound and
                                                                            35

patterns that seem to keep coming up through research which has been

done worldwide.


The basis for this assessment comes from two primary sources. First, a

thorough review of the world's literature related to the subject that is

retrospective in nature, i.e' is looking back.      T ,e      r( purce of this

assessment is direct, first hand empirical reseaiWnd experiences of the

CSETI research teams and of the author. Once_ again, an assessment is
                                              4'c1 4 w


not the same as a firm conclusion. It is a pre~f           working through and      -

understanding and it is certainly a process), evolution, as opposed to
                                                                                  ~eJCsSSe
something fixed. But to the best of our ability, this assessmi/ve fee

accurate and thorough.


In general, we will start with the basics. And the first is, is that regarding

the UFO issue, so-called unidentified flying objects, some of these objects

are extra-terrestrial spacecraft. Not all of them. Because many UFO's are

reports of prosaic items, misinterpretations of ordinary things such as

airplanes or planetary bodies or meteorites or what-have-you. But the core

cases that are multiple witnesses, up close, clear_ and unmistakable would

indicate that a significant number of these are the result of extra-terrestrial

spacecraft.   It is our a.asess      t—tfiat they are piloted by advanced

biological life forms, whicf~while being different in body type from humans,
                                                                            36

basically follow a humanoid-type pattern. That is, a head, two arms, two

legs, an upright stature, etc. It is also our assessment that while these life

forms have operational bases on the moon and on mars and perhaps on

other planetary bodies within our solar system, as well as under certain

bodies of water qn our planet, that they do not originate in this solar

system.-t#'fs iur assessr   nhat their point of origin is from a solar system

that is a collection on planetary bodies around another star other than our

sun. Itis aot--kaaown-exactly-which star systefng                         ough

  ere is wide and wild speculation on this. The exact planet of origin and

star system of origin is not definitively known, although there are certainly

speculative efforts at trying to figure that out.


Another key part of our assessment-4hich derives from multiple witness

accounts is that there are several extra-terrestrial civilizations involved with

observing and interacting with this planet. The estimates run from           ,

to asai.i   as 75; the exact number, again, is not known. But we feel with

a high degree of certainty that at leas~r           different lif forms which

originate from distinct planets are visiting this planer Contrary to popular

mythology and legend in the UFO subculture, it is our assessment that all

of these diverse life forms appear to be working in concert or together on
                                                             i~
a project dealing with this planet. This a._____ : tls   borrut by a number

of cases where people have observed the various phenotypes (jntroducing
                                                                              37

this term; phenotype being body type resulting from a genetic makeup)

whicti ate together on the same spacecraft working on a project '        rrd t his

has been reported numerous times. The popular notion is that there are

diverse types which don't talk to each other       are at war with each other

or have animosity with each other which are buzzing around in our

atmosphere in a completely uncorrelated and incoherent way.                 The

likelihood of this is very, very low. And the empirical evidence would

suggest quite the contrary. Now, not withstanding the entire belief systems

which have evolved around this subject, it is important to recognize that the

best evidence would support this assessment that these various life forms

are working together on a project dealing with this planet.

                  1


This asse     em f is, after all, not too surprising. Any civilization capable of

interstellar travel would in   likelihood, be at a level of social organization

and integration .th they would be working closely with other similarly

advanced life forms. Particularly if they are both, or all'or~5,        dealing

with the same planet that is emerging as a technological society, such as

Earth.   If humans have managed to form something called the United

Nations, no matter how tentatively it may function at times, certainly

civilizations which have evolved a few thousand or few millions of years

ahead of ours would have developed at least that level of organization and

sophistication in dealing with one another.^Rrhis reason as well as direct
                                                              ~            t 38

observation, therefore; it is our assessment that they are working

cooperatively.


The variety of shapes and types of spacecraft which are often sited as

justification for debunking and dismissing the body of evidence in its entirety)   ~-

arise from two primary reasons. One is that different species have different

types of craft. And, two, that within these species that the various craft

have certain functions.     For example, some craft may be responsible

primarily for geophysical or biological monitoring; another may be involved

more specifically with general reconnaissance of military installations;

another would be involved perhaps with deliberately allowing humans in

large numbers to see them from time to time, such as is currently

happening in Mexico,for sociological conditioning purposes. So, there are

various shapes depending - n function an                    n planet of origin.

But that they appear to have a high degree of correlation in their basic

technology and the way Chat they appear. j


The various types of craft which have been d                                 ~r

categories. There are disk-shaped craft, whici                               er

are domed, some appear just as flat disk There--are-craf#                 arge

triangular craft which have been reported all over#be         for ina["many

years; not just recently in Belgium and Mexico, but also further back in time
                                                                            39

 ee-fer boo     Athe 50's there ;ai 'reports of these large triangular craft

 measuring up to 800 feet in diameter. There are also more globe-shaped

 or round craft which have been observed around the world for many years;

 again, dating back to the 40's and 50's. In addition to these distinct craft

 shapes and sizes, and         re not the total listing; there are ones that are

 shaped like tops, the   aJa         at are shaped like elongated tubes or

 cigars, or         ven reeaVArec" tangular or oblong craft that have been

 described. But in addition to these specific shapes of craft, there also

 phenomena associated with the craft that can be described as remote

 piloted vehicles or probes. That is, small objects measuring from a few

 centimeters to a few feet in diameter, which appear to operate under

 intelligent control, but which are small and do not appear to have life form

, W'on board. For example,      SETI research teams have on numerous

 occasionshad these objects corn into thejesearch cite, hover, over the
                               i
 grow'r come through the group,'hovef.~e          between researchers right

 above the field.          ese objects are believed to be extraordinarily

 advanced technological vehicles which are under intelligent controLand

 some of them appear to be forms q energy , which—a                  emselves

 intelligent:                 t technol      and we will discuss this more

 later.


 The various life forms which have been described fall into several basic
                                                                           40

categories, although there is discrepancy in the specificity of some of the

features. But in general they fall into the category of life forms that appear

                                                          Y appear
very similar to homo sapiens, to humans. Except_thA.hher eyes PP   to

have a different appearance in terms of how they are set and the nature of

the iris and pupiLof being solid rather than being distinct such as we haver „
                                                      et,
in a pupil and ,n iris. There are life fir   Wh ch-         o y% eet n,heig

which have       e' ea e' ~ i., . rge                               eing

dis~r portionately large to the body, elongated arms and legs withF or

digits on them.) Both have been described. There are life forms which are -

in the,'to,00t range which are very light in color and whi       have'similar L--
                    J"f
to the appearance         the shorter ETs with the larger heads, but the eyes Y--

look more humap:i,P--their appea~c'          nd,tfiere are others. We are not

going to go into a whole listing of them here, but just to say that these types

have been observed in close encounters over the years and there are many

other types of life forms as well that have been described, some of which

are extremely tall. There is ,one t     e for example that has been reported

since the 50's that are          f et in height. Some of them,,described as

looking very humanothers have been described as being extremely thin

with elongated appendage and wh .havayou. It is our assessment that

these life forms while being genetically different share in their ability to -

communicate and in their abilityto plan and undertake projects. And that

a large degree of sophistication has occurred to whe 4 his degree of
                                                                           41

communication and cooperation is possible, even though they appear to be

d     ifferent life forms and have evolved under totally different planetary

conditions. This, of course, parenthetically holds great promise for us,

because if these groups can do this and work together, there is hope that

humans will be able at some point to          that bridge as well and learn to

communicate openly and cooperate on various projects.


It has often been asked why sudden and full manifestation of these extra-

terrestrial civilizations has not occurred. In looking at the cases over the

last 50 years, it appears that up until the current time as of this date)jtheir

activities have been gradual and by nature deliberately designed to

sequentially bring the human race into awareness that we are not alone.
                    t--'
For example, the phenomenon known as waves of sighting; where there are

hundreds or even thousands of sightings in a small area in a concentrated
                                                      i
period of time, over months or over           i ayfi~✓a year or two. A good

example of this is the current activity going on in the volcanic region of

Mexico where literally hundreds of thousands and perhaps millions of

people have seen daylight and nighttime overflights of these objects at fairly

close range and have filmed them and photographed them on hundreds of

occasions. These kinds of events seem to indicate that they are not only

      g~_bof      ny u~                      e   by large numbers of people

in sort of episodic or pulse-like events. 1Lb'0v $ome of these events seem
                                                                            42

to be related more to research that they are doing, but some of them also

have a component of sociological testing of the waters. And by`this term,

testing of the waters, refers to deliberate attempts to be observed in the

daytime or early evening hours over large population areas such as Mexico

City and in ways that are very unmistakable. There is not question that

their technology would allow them to mandeuver in a way that they would

be completely undetected. And yet we observe over and over that they will

appear in regions where literally thousands of people in a given night will

see these objects and report them to the authorities. This clearly would

indicate that they would desire to be seen and are awaiting an appropriate

response.


Other aspects of their activities on this planet have to do with specific

research.and without going into tremendous detail at this time, it would be

broken into several main areas. First would be reconnaissance 9t and ---

monitory our technological and military capabilities. ..DH4eG, % s our.

assessment that any coalition of extra-terrestrial civilizations observing this

planet over the last 100 years would have received a wake-up call around

1945 when the first nuclear weapon was detonated and in the same

timeframe we began having the capacity for early space travel or

development of rockets. The huge surge of sightings which occurred in

1945 through the early 1960   s   period when both the atomic and hydrogen
                                                                           43

bombs and the ICBM capabilities were being developed as well as our

space exploration abilities were being developed is too much to be just a

coincidence. There appears to be great concern on the part of these extra-

terrestrial life forms for the capacity of human civilization to combine space

travel with an apparently unchecked or unrestrained..aggressive and warlike

tendency. This part of the assessment is difficult, unless you take time to

escape from our anthropocentric perspective and step into the shoes or

boots of an extra-terrestrial life form. Because obsE rving this planet over

the past 100 years and witnessing the wholesale destruction of the

environment s well as the extermination of literally over 100 million people

in warfare~,' and then this•.coupled with the development and employment of

tens of thousands of nuclear weapons which are aimed at opposing

ideologies and nations, that_ tbWwould be very; very worrisome to any

extra-terrestrial project dealing with this planet. Apparently, monitoring of

these developments goes bac                 ecades, if no(          enturies.

Althoa    he evidence becomes much more anecdotal and speculative as

you go back in time more than about 100 years. Nevertheless, there is

reason to reach4tentative assessment that these life forms have been

watching our evolution for a very long time, but the increase in our

technological capabilities, particularly as it pertains to making war, as well

as our early evolution into space travel is something that has caused

tremendous concern and worry on the part of these life forms.
i


        tc&4t
                      )_,lt_vt           „   4 ,


    g   J dam,4-°,    r
                           &c   °A   I


                ti,   J
                                             1-
                          wtu
                                                                             44

For this reason it has become an important part of our assessment to say

that one of their main areas of focus has been high-technology areas,

nuclear weapons storage and nuclear weapons test sites, as well as other

advanced military regions. The incidence of si htings and landing events

and other events related to high technology -area-pace programs and

nuclear facilities is clear and unmistakable. And so much so, that a recent

conversation with an air force colonel          that over certain sensitive areas

the number of close encounters and sightings have been so great for so

many years, that they no longer bothered to report them internally unless

it is something quite extraordinary. And we have had this confirmed from

a number of other witnesses within the military and industrial complex. So,
                                   r_ k F•rzt~Q~lr! ~vic~Q,~
that is one apparent focus ofctheit')interest and their concern.           While

humans generally bring up the notion of what their intentions might be, I

think that its interesting to note that they a
                                             ~e          Jorried about our
                     f
intentions ,anrLtht,,Ws logical to see that any civilization observing the

degree of destruction of our environment and advance technology being

deployed for aggressive military purposes would be             very worried; not

only about the future of this planet as an island of intelligent life in the

Universe, but would be also in a certain degree of enlightened self-interest

be concerned for the ramifications for their own security, because it's not

inconceivable that over the next to 100 to 500 years that Earth society

would evolve the capability of interstellar travel. And if human civilization
                                                                             45

  maintained its current warlike tendency and militaristic tendency, that this

  could become in short time a threat to their home planet. And for that

  reason, there would certainly be a deep amount of concern for our space
                                                                           A
  programs, particularly as they have military implications. A.Fdn facta the -     -

  evidence. weulld-sdgge     and the cases        ould sugges~h?at our space

  programs have been monitored very carefully^ beginning with the very —

  earliest launches and extending into the current shuttle program.            a

  to the extent that we have been unfortunately tending towards militarizing

  space, to that extent they have been trying to encourage us not to do that.


  This gets into an area which will be dealt with in greater detail in a later

  Chapter. But you can imagine the concern of an extra-terrestrial coalition

  or civilization observing a space program that would begin to deploy space-

  based weapons. And in addition to that, in the early days of our space
          1
  program) as recently as a decade ago, would have plans for the colonization
                                             i_
  of the near plan

  * solar system in nationalistic fashion. In other words, during the early days

  of the Apollo era, plans were made to put a man on the moon and

  subsequently to colonize parts of the moon. But, of course, these would i~

  have-be     colonies which would have been nationally based and not

  globally based. In other words, Mere would be area that would be,US,


Q iere would be are           would be Chinese, tt      e   ouId be r.&
                                                                            46

would be Russian, Qte                     I don't think that it's too much of a

surprise that this would be resisted by extra-terrestrial life forms which have

achieved a large degree of integration globally from their planet of origirYJ

afi       would be appalled to think that Earth civilization would begin to.—

carve up the near planets in our solar system and then perhaps eventually].--

more distant cosmic bodies into nationalistic, competing, and potentially

conflicting interest.


It is important, perhaps, to digress for just a moment on this question; and

ask ourselves how we respond to a given action and what that means in

terms of how we interpret an extra-terrestrial action. For example, it has

been reported and confirmed from several sources, including an overheard

conversation from Neil Armstrong, that we were essentially warned off the

moon. And that we were encouraged not to colonize that celestial body,

even though it is the closest satellite           to the Earth. Now that act

from an anthropocentric point of view could have been viewed~and probably

was viewed in an alarming way and, apparently led certain authorities to

reach an understandable but unwarranted conclusion that these life forms

were hostile to humans exploring space. In reality, it appears that they

were hostile to humans colonizing space in nationalistic entities that could

lead to future conflict in space. Now, from a human perspective if you are

an official at NASA or an official with covert intelligence agencies because
                                                                           47

you wear glasses that are colored conflict, you might read into that event

conflict or hostility. However, from a non-anthropocentric view transcending

the human perspective and looking at it from a universal perspective, such

an action may be viewed as something having been incredibly wise,

particularly in retrospect. Because now, 20 years later, we are cooperating

with former enemies such as the Russians in certain space programs. This

brings up an important question:      How do we interpret extra-terrestrial

actions?   It is our assessment that the interpretation of these extra-

terrestrial actions have been disastrously anthropocentric and reactionary

and have led to an unfortunate series of events leading to escalating

hostilities. This will be discussed further in a later

Chapter. But it is important at this point to see that in our assessment, that

the cases support thawthese life forms are very intent on monitoring our

technological and military advancement and, to an extent, have a policy of

what best can be called enlightened containment. And by that we mean

containment of dysfunctional militaristic and nationalistic tendencies towards

colonization and exploration of space. Now, depending on where you sit,

that may be viewed as an act of greatest compassion and enlightenment,

or an act of greatly frustrating      o   oux ~~~~ ~o £ U e '    oi   ô..L oc    tu,uJC


Another example of this is the incursion over the strategic air command

northern tier in November of 1975 extending across the entire strategic air
                                                                           48

command capacity of North America, where multiple nuclear ICBM silos

were overflown and were actually affected or tampered with by these extra-

terrestrial spacecraft. We have learned that similar events have happened

during the same time period in the former Soviet Union. Now, if you are

sitting in the Pentagon, or in the case of one event that happened at Minot,

North Dakota, in November of 1975, evidence for which includes an actual

audio tape of the air force base pursuit of the ET craft during this

encounter, you might come to some very alarming, however, unjustified

conclusions. In the Minot, North Dakota case, the ET craft hovered over an

ICBM facility and proceededseRti          to melt the silo doors as well as to
                               i
disarm the nuclear missile, which was a multiple warhead ICBM (inter-

continental ballistic missile). Of course, this resulted in our sending up jet

and helicopter craft to pursue this so-called unidentified flying object; and

a pursuit ensued. We learned that similar events happened however in the
                                              L)
Soviet Union. And it is our assessment tha)meta-message being provided

by the extra terrestrial life forms was that~in the event of an all-out nuclear

launch, we can and we will intervene and we can disarm and we can melt

these silos and basically renderedlhenTssentially non-viable, Nobody

knows whether their capacity would extend to all 40,000 nuclear weapons

on the planet, but certainly it would be enough to indicate a degree of

restraint.

 ow, to illustrate how important it is for policy makers and the public to
                                                                            49

understand this question, sit in two different seats. You are the military

strategist who is planning global thermo-nuclear war, which is the stated

defense policy of MAD (mutually assured destruction). And all of a sudden
                                                     i~
there is this other element that gets introducec(kj~Sctra^terrestrial life forms

and their technology which can render impotent all these hundreds of

billions of dollars worth of nuclear weapons.       Well, you might become

frustrated, even angry; and, indeed, you might reach the understandable

but, nevertheless, reactionary and unwarranted conclusion that the extra-

terrestrials were hostile towards us. In reality, it appears they were ho iii

toward our ability to incinerate this planet, which in and of itself does not

indicate that they are hostile towards humans, but they may be adver

our capacity to launch an all-out thermo-nuclear war. And by the action

taken at Minot, North Dakota, and similar actions in the Soviet Union were ---

attempting to convey to the people of tnis planet, particularly in this case

the military chain of command, that it would be better if we did not use

those things and if we-     not plan to launch them. From a more universal

perspective, that action, while alarming to a military strategist, could be

seen as an act of tremendous enlightenment and restraint and, perhaps,

even compassion.

The point of these examples is thf    fihat in order to understand certain
                                                            I    ~
extra-terrestrial actions, we have to step out of the box tb~we find

ourselves .in in twentieth century Earth civilization, which is very heavily
                                                                            50

laden and weighted down by millennium of armed conflict.             It is our

assessment that these types of events and conflicts were not so important

up until the time of the advent of mass destruction coupled with the capacity

to explore near space. This became a big, cosmic red flag that said: Be

careful; because this civilization is passing through this perilous period

where their technological capacity has outstripped their ethical and spiritual

and moral development. And that is a very risky time for this planet, and

also for any other planet that may be in the galactic neighborhood. It is our

assessment that these extra-terrestrial life forms, while not appearing to be
                                                        ,
hostile towards humans per se, are very adverse a very concerned with

our capacity for hostility and armed aggression, particularly as it pertains to

weapons of mass destruction and space travel. Now, this is an analysis of

thousands of cases and events that have happened, and as mentioned

earlier, a distillation of those cases and a formation of an assessment.


A second area of concern or research for the extra-terrestrial life forms

would fall into the ecology or the environment. There seems to be a large

number of projects dealing with these space craft and life forms that involve

monitoring our environment and particularly both the human and other

animal genome. By that I mean the genetic totality of the genetic material

of humans, mammals, and other animals. It also includes monitoring of our

overall environment and plant life. There are many cases where these craft
                                                                         51

have bed) observed and h                             aking both plant and

animal specimens and apparently doing research one ►gain,         this is an

understandable action if you take the long view. And if you step outside the

Earthd locate yourself out'in space somewhere and do a time-lapse of

what has happened on this planet over the last 150 years, it doesn't take

Einstein to see that in another 100 or 150, that we will have a complete

environmental and ecological collapse. Virtually every model that has been

put into a Cray supercomputer and is projected out into the year 2100 or so

predicts massive ecological and environmental overload. And it would

appear that some of the activities and research of$of -elf these space

craft are focused on monitoring this environmental destruction. There is

some speculation that there are areas of direct intervention by these extra

terrestrial life forms in the way of preserving(cefai     animal and plant

species and, perhaps, monitoring and preserving the genetic makeup of

        ife forms, including humans. One~in extrapolating into the future

could see that some of this may have to do with their concern that a worse-

case scenario could evolve where we would have either a massive nuclear

catastrophe or a massive environmental collapse and where there would

need to be an element of intervention on their part. It is our assessment

that they are doing active research and have what appear to be contingency

plans in place to intervene, but only in a worse-case scenario. We will get

more    1     is in a moment.
                                                                            52

Another area of apparent involvement and interest with our planet falls into

the category of ~a eoghysics or seismic activity There's a very strong and

  d    cable connection between volcanoes

seismic areas w4ch ar                 ncreasingly activdand t          ii

      ~Qsightings. ) ne         le of this is the ar   n Costa Rica around the
              cti1
Volcan Adenaf~        'other volcanoes in Mexicdjand ao.u          the Volcan

Catalpic'.- - : I can't say al the names, but we will get them on the record

in writing,           he entire ring of fire, which is the ring of volcanoes in

the Pacific Rim extending up the western coast of South America, Latin

America, and North America u        o the Alaskan chain and down through

Japan and the l
              Phi ippines'and Indonesia. There is an unmistakable

predilection gf-tre~4d-of"sightings of these objects around these seismic and

volcanic regions. Some of the activity particularly has been seen around

Volcan Cotalcotapitalin, Mexico, would indicate that they are intensely

monitoring an apparentunstable situatioi i4also appearto be intervening

and trying to stabilize the Pacific Plater certain key volcanoes in the

Pacific Plate. Our researc have had multiple observations of these craft

aid action in the Latin American regiori1    l'particularly Mexico and it is our

assessment that they are doing more than just making observations and

monitoring. They appear to be actively involved in some type of project

dealing with these volcanoes.      It has been suggested by some that,

perhaps hey are temporizing the situation, at least for the time being.
                                                                                 53
                               A
 Another area          activity1wbich w s'mentioned earlier     nd._tl   cannot be
                /of~
                                                  LCD

 dismissed js' wh& ppears to be a-sociology. A good example of this

 testing of the waters and desensitization of the human psyche to their

 presence is the Belgian wave of sightings from 1989 until 1992 and

 sporadically even to this day. We note an interesting correlation between

 the fall of the Berlin Wall, the formation of the European Union, the demise

 of the Soviet Empire; all focusing in the time of November of 1989 and the

 commencement of the extraordinary and well-documented series of low

 level overflights of these craft on the outskirts of Brussels and near NATO

 facilities in Belgium. The fact that Belgium was the epicenter of this activity

 is particularly curious, since it is the NATO Headquarter               is also the

 center of European Unity, and that the activity would occur and commence,

 literally, with the fall of the Berlin Wall seems to be just too much of a

 coincidence to be one. An 1rt seems to be a deliberate statement regarding

 the evolution of our civilization sociologically and politically. AHEM was

 something which our military and political leaders could hardly ignore. For

 example, in the Belgium series of sightings, which were just mentioned,

 there were approximately 2,000 overflights.            iMeny    of   thacc       ,A


 predominance of them were in the early evening hours when people were

 out and aboutt~~til eight or pine o'clock in the evening at only 3~4,r500
                               V.
feet above the ground and~in tiers" populated areas                the outskirts of

 Brussels, in the eastern third of the country, and elsewhere. It is also
                                                                           54
                                                                                 1


interesting that hey allowed four separate NATO radar stationsjin one --•

event to lock onto their craft while the Belgian Air Force sent up F-16
            )                A                           cd
fighters}€pursued the craf~and achieved radar lock-orL -their onboard

F-16 radar system. The             oceeded to hover and'ttien accelerate from

 basically a standstill to over 1,000   rs per hour in about 2 seconds. A#eY

,this kind of display must certainly have been deliberate~because there is no

 question that their technology would have permitted them to have operated

 undetectedbut also at the hours of the night when their chance of being,.--

 observed by large numbers of people tere very small. We have learned

 from the Belgium government, for example, that on one particular evening

 over 20,000 people called the authorities reporting the overflight of one of
                                                               JLL r1~.,.-t s
 these massive triangular craft on the outskirts of Belgium.                         `   '

#iat_     verloaded their telephone systems for police and emergency

 response. These ia of events would suggest that frequently they will be --•

 involved in activities relaf1 g'to letting us know that they are there ~ d

 testing the society to see how they will respond. It is interesting in the

 Belgian events thaythe people of Belgium rather than dismissing it out of

 hand, he governmentnd the military, including the Belgian Air Force, took

 it very seriously and actually cooperated with public civilian research teams

in trying to find out what was going on. An,tfiat particular series of

 sightings continued for a very long time.                      analysis have --•

found that they are looking tdj~not only how the public responds, but, in all —
                                                                            55

likelihood, how the military, the media, and the political establishments

respond to these types of events. And by doing so can age'how ready._—..

society is for more open degree of disclosure or mefe-e eM'degree of
             't
contact. It is,, s-it-we# ~a way of testing the waters. 'd I think that this

has been going on for at least 40 or 50 years in a very intense way,

although very episodically in various regions over the last few decades.


This would also lead us to reach the conclusion, or at least tentative
            n
assessmentthat these life forms are preparing for a more open degree of

contact with the entire planet at some point in the future, and the dates for

this, not being knov   recisely, would indicate it is sooner rather than later—

For this reason we     that it is critically important for Earth civilization to.--

begin to discuss how we should react to the presence)fextra.terrestrial life ---'
                                                           n
forms and what it may mean to our society.


However, it is also our assessment that, far from the proverbial media
                                                               r
question of`y by don't they land on the White House lawnhscenario or in"~

Central Park or wher-e-have y     that their project seems to be much more

sophisticated and subtle than that. T       ey are ve          desirous of no —'

disrupting our society anymore than is necessary; but, at the same time, --•

wanting to gradually and incrementally let the planet and its people know

that they are there. The absence of a definitive and undeniable event, such
                                                                                56

as a landing at a Superbowl game or some such thing, would suggest that

they are much wiser than some of the media pundits who ask these

questions. And that they are very cognizant of the fact that such an action -

would be disruptive and would have very deleterious military, political, geo-

political, cultural, economic, technological, and even religious effects and,

so, have chosen not to engage in that kind of behavior. I mention this

because in    an
                    briefing with an official at NASA, I learned that in our early

space endeavors, particularly the early planetary surveys that went to Mars

and Venus, that NASA had concluded that had we detected an intelligent

life form that we would have 4        %the same                e would not have

just gone and landed in the equivalent of their Central Park, but would have

gone through a series of observations and slow exposure so that it would

not seem too abrupt and disruptive.


I believe another reason why they have chosen not to engage in that kind
                                                                           Al
of sudden intrusion is that it would be risky to their own mission and.tlS'fheir

own people or life forms, as well as their overall mission. And when you

look at the human response to the unknown and particularly to advanced

civilizations, it's not too difficult to see why they would want to be

restrained.        And example of this is the well-documented cases where

humans, upon seeing one of these objects, have taken up arms and without

saying boo or asking questions or making any inquiry, have started shooting
                                                                              57

at them.


An associate of mine who was with the .over, en for years and who grew

up in the South in a rural setting . %     - i n the late 40's •ne of these disk-

shaped craft Iandi-n dne of their fields     • : • s father's immediate reaction
                 1
was to grab the shotgun, run out, and start shooting at it. And, indeed, this

has happened not only with civilians, but with Russian, Chinese, American,

and other military forces; there have been numerous accounts where these

objects have been engaged and immediately fired upon. So, it is quite

clear that this would be risky to them to try to do anything that would be

that open until Earth's civilization is to the point that it is willing to inquire

into their presence in an unarmed and unviolent way. We are not there yet.


Now with that said, we would emphasize that it appears thaf they are

involved in a project to increasingly make open contact with our planet.

Aj I om the events that are occurring o              last   to 1`0 years it would

appear that the time for more open relationship is not in the remote future

but in the relatively proximal future, meaning the next 10 to 20 years. It is

our assessment that the great limiting factor in all this is the human

willingness to respond appropriately.        d,,1his will be discussed in greater

detail in the Chapter on the CE-5 Initiative. Barring our readiness for a

more open and definitive level of communication, however, we do feel that
                                                                           58

these life forms are prepared to respond in a large scale fashion should one

of several worse-case scenarios occur. As mentioned, these would include

all-out global thermal-nuclear war, massive ecosystem collapse, or major

geophysical catastrophesuch as an asteroid striking the planet               r"..--

sometNtg-of--this nature


Our assessment also has in it the understanding that the extra-terrestrial

technology is extremely advanced and for that reason potentially extremely

dangerous. Many romantic views on this would say that this technology

could have tremendously positive implications for Earth:        technological

development and ecological remediation and improvement. And this is true

in a perfect world, or in a world at least where it wasn't armed to the teeth.

Unfortunately, the reality is that most advances in technology have had their

first and their highest application in the development of weapons of

destruction and c veapons;~ in the case of the latter half of the twentieth

century,penW7of mass destruction. And so the technology which is

being observed in these civilizations while very promising in the long run

because of its obvious beneficial applications, in the short run is very, very

risky. And we would not recommend that this technology be deployed in

any significant fashion until such time as the Earth and her people have

decided to live together at least in a civil and a peaceful fashion. We would

like to think that this technology could be applied peacefully from the
                                                                           59

beginning; but it appears that this is not the case. The military industrial

complex dealing with this particular question has been reverse engineering

ET technology for a very long time and have had a number of significant

breakthroughs. Unfortunately, most of this research and development is

geared towards military applications and to this date appears to be primarily

tooked-ek in a military framework   This is a very concerning development

aiid something which people should be awar


It is also our assessment that the United States government and various

othe gYemmeR , notably the former Soviet Union, the United Kingdom) ,-

and the Chinese, have had extensiv projects dealing with this subject

have covert projects that continue to this day to try to understand the

technology behind this space craft. This has been on-going since at least --'

the mid 40's; and a member of our research team, who is a relative of the .'

famous World War II pilot Jimmy Doolittle, has shared with us~th~

President Harry Truman specifically had Doolittle go and chase down and

try to find out what was behind the so-called foo-fighters,    the UFOs that

were seen buzzing around our warplanes in World War II. So, we know

that there has been an intense effort at least dating back to the early to mid

40's with this subject.   The secrecy surrounding this subject has gone

through several generations of evolution, which will be elaborated on in the

Chapters dealing specifically with the covert control of the extra-terrestrial
                                                                           60

issue. But we would like to share in this brief assessment what we have

found concerning that project.


The evolution of it has gone from initial fact-finding in the era of the early

to mid 4     to definitive knowledge concerning these space craft when at

least one if not several .were retrieved in the late 40's and early 50's to it

becoming an extremely black project, meaning off-record and out of any

public or congressional oversight, beginning in the mid to late 50's and
                                        ,uaJ
continuing up to the present time. This1.ein one of the more extraordinary

aspects of the entire phenomenon. It appears that around the timeframe

of 1954 events took place which caused it to be given a special status.

And in that timeframe, the normal chain of command and oversight for this

type of project was terminated. An     dhat appears to be an extraordinary,

and some would say extra-constitutional, process began. It is chilling to

hear the tape of John F. Kennedy's chief steward when he says that when

the President sa~the President of the United States says that while he

knows of the subject, and from a CIA document that we have apparently

had viewed the remains of the body and craft; that the subject was entirely

out of his hands although he did not know why. Now, that statement being
                3c
made in 1962, .ears      ago, would give you some indication of the degree

of covert operations and the how black these projects have been; they have

been -ieyc__hii4 i   ten levels deep black and have had special access
                                                                           61

designations for at least 30 to 40 years.


Initially the secrecy surrounding this issue was motivated by some

understandable concerns. Keep in mind that in the mid 40's and 50~we

were in the early stages of a cold war with the former Soviet Union. Add

to this the development of the hydrogen bomb and t                    ar   t-ef   T

ICBM technology, which as mentioned earlier, a stated defense posture of •--'

mutually assured destruction, meaning that if one side launched their

missiles, the other side would launch all of theirs and it would be absolutely

all-out thermo-nuclear war. Then add to these tensions the discovery of

something very interesting: the retrieval in 1947, if not before, of an extra-

terrestrial space craft. We know from events at Roswell and other apparent

crashes, that it was know that inter-planetary vehicles were visiting this

planet; and, moreover, that the United States, at least, had retrieved one.

Now, technology several hundred thousand years ahead of ours would

certainly, you would agree, tilt the balance of power in the world. And had

the Soviet Union unraveled the mysteries of that technology prior to the

United States, Denver might be called Leningrad West. And so, we, in the

early days of the cold war, had a very deep concern that this extra-

terrestrial presence could tilt the balance of power in a very radical way,

either to the good or to the bad. For this reason there were advanced

efforts underway by~vvery tightly controlled team of people, apparently,
                                                                           62

initially, headed by Dr. Vanebar Bush to unravel the mysteries of this ET

technology. Doubtlessly there was a similar project in the former Soviet

Union; and we have evidence that, indeed, that was the case.


However, as time went on, the question of secrecy had only partially to do

with national security interest intentions in the cold war and, perhaps even

from the beginning, had a degree of concern in terms of what can only be

called paradigm overload. What would be the effect of disclosing this to a

planet fresh out of World War II or the cold war? Not only in terms of the

geo-political status quo; but, also, in terms of the economics, of the moral "—

of the people, ,oi"religious institutions, etc? And, so, this..combined with a

lack of firm knowledge,s'eFlced'or even why the extra-terrestrial visitors may

be here.caused a tremendous degree of secrecy to be imposed which has

been in force up to the present time. This, we hope, will change.


It also has to be recognized that political and military leaders do not like

confronting the public with question marks. So that in the early days of the

phenomenon and up to the current time, there has been tremendous

anxiety over the fact that there were more questions than answers and that

the public would demand answers; and in the absence of those answers,

the authority and the potency of both the government and the military

structure would be challenged. An intense effort was, therefore, underway
                                                                           63

to unravel the technology, but also to try to understand what all this would

mean for Earth civilization"and to try to comprehend what6he implication^

would b    Unfortunately, over the last 20 to 30 years thi has evolved more

deeply into a         overt operation, which a                  out of normal

channels and normal Constitutional controls. And for that reason is a

genuine threat to democracy and to the Constitution of the United States.

This will be dealt with in greater detail later.


 nother reason for the secrecc$ f is our assessmen)has to do with just

institutional embarrassment. That is, once an institutional bureaucracy
                                      ~
 '                                   1) ~     secrecyt        fabrication and --•

misrepresentations to the public, Wthe congress                          o get

themselves out of the corners   heyhave painted themselves ' 11a u ,/
                  n
very difficult task , d becomes more and more difficult as   ime goes --
                           r              /
on as~the old poem                        how we can entrap ourselves

in the webs that we weave. And in this case, the covert operations have

gone to such lengths to Itgii this information and to impose such secrecy

and ridicule that to make as rrQvversal would be somethina that, would be very

difficultj~S there is also an element of bureaucrdtk and institutional inertia

in place; and once it starts moving in a c rtain direction, bureaucracies don't

like to change the status quo. And1this is particularly true in something as

explosive as the detection of extra-terrestrial life forms.
                                                                            64

There is not question that the United States government as well as other

governmental entities had well-known involvement with this with traditional

but covert activities up until the 50s. The problem base somewhere in

that time frame, it became a project with very special access, as has been

said, above top secret and ~          utsid the normal 1©op        ="--^"~^~'

chain of command. -~{id $`iis is something which has persisted to the

present time. It is our assessment that the covert control group, which

previously was under normal governmental control, does possess several

extra-terrestrial space craft, in part and also in their entirety,A4d al-se a

number of extra-terrestrial life forms. We have a witness who has disclosed
              n
to us thaCat least for a certain number of years that we had in the

possession of the United States government military apparatus a live extra-

terrestrial biological entity vyh ehr was held at a facility in the southwestern

United States, we anyA) , tin Nei Mexic•y. • :         ich.was apparently not

able to be kept alive to its natural lifespar      ied in captivity.


Moving on to another part of our assessment, again keeping in mind that

we are going to return in very great detail about these issues of institutional

and governmental control, we need to turn our attention for a moment to the

nature of these life forms. Once again, this is as brief assessment; a fuller

treatment of this will be undertaken in the Chapter on the new cosmology

and extra-terrestrial intelligence. But it is important to state here at the
                                                                              65

outset that it is our assessment that these extra-terrestrial life forms have .~.
                                                                   i
a shared reality with humans. And that is, they are                 iological life

forms with a      sical existence; but they also have a non-linear aspect to

their-exisia   e You may call it mind or spirit, which humans also share. -

Because they have interfacedy'uncovered or discovered the connection, -

the nexus, between non-linear matter and non-linear aspect of

consciousness or mind, certain manifestations of these life forms appear to

be supernatural, othe~dimensional, or inter-dimensional. For this reason,

they have been inappropriately characterized as being essentially inter-

dimensional and not physical.


Here we run into our first, basic paradigm crisis.           The framework of

understanding this can no longer exist in an either/or mindset.              The

evidence supports the fact that these are physical, that if they land on you,

you will be squashed, that if they crash .P t-tey will be damaged, that"
                 r
life forms       re cut, they will bleed, etckhd that they have a physical

aspect.    Now, equally undeniable is the fact that both their propulsion

s         and their communication systern are interfacing with non-linear ---r'

aspects of reality and these include non-linear aspects of mind and

                     atter. This will be dealt with more in depth later. But it

is important to state that this entire question of their essential nature or their

reality is one where we share more with them than not. That we
                                                                           66

a physical makeup that is biological and bad        .a mental makeup which

is rooted in the fundamental aspect of being awake::~a           t, conscious

being. . au   is is the fundamental basis for our relationship with these life

forms. Anif it is also the basis for their relationship with each other. This

is called the highest common denominator; that aspect of us which is

shared and which is that highest aspect of an intelligent, sentient, conscious

life form. That awakeness, that mind stuff, is essentially undifferentiated

and one amongst all intelligent life, whether they are from this galaxy or

another galaxy or this planet or another planet.


The problem has arisen, however, with civilian and military strategists,

scientists, and researchers looking at certain manifestations of their
                                                        zV
technology or how they will apparently interface with4people or with what we

call time-space reality, in ways that make absolutely no sense. Returning

to earlier discussion, we can understand that technology several hundred

thousand to several million years advanced beyond ours would look

magical. But in addition to that, there are some genuine extraordinary

things happening that are not just linear technology; because they

apparently have been able to elucidate and then be-ale--to perfect and

interface between what we would call linear time-space reality and non-

linear reality, both material non-linear reality and inner or mind non-linear

reality. Now, while this may seem like an abstract consideration at this
                                                                             67

phase, it will become much more important as we look at the overall

question of what this means for human civilization over the next few

hundred years.


Therefore, our assessment is that these life forms are physical, they come

from other planetary systems, and they do have an aspect that could be

termed non-local or non-linear. But, we hasten to ad           so do humans.

Humans have physical bodies but also possess mind, thought, the capacity

to interface with non-linear aspects of mind and, therefore, are capable of

such things as precognition, of telepathy, erYtelekinesis,                -yep•' --,

These aspects of our reality are reat'uch more in common than we

would like to recognize. The problem is,     is   that unless humans recognize

the non-linear aspects of themselves and the reality around them, they will

see the non-linear manifestation of other life forms as utterly foreign, when

in reality, it isn't. The great tragedy here is that if we took the great advice
                      M
of old, know thyself n this case if humans knew the reality of humanityA we

would be much less confused about how these life forms are manifesting

in our environment and interacting with us. I'll leave that for now.

The extra-terrestrial propulsion system utilizeprinciples and laws of the

Universe(\►vhich we have not even begun to ask questions b              and for

that reason are mystifying.      But it appears that they fall into several

categories which-requite foreign, if not revolutionary, to current scientific
~~'t~trhv ct~


        (
     ,[~~l//'   i~            -       -    v


                      r~~
                R    'fir ~       /   it       r
                                                                            68

thoughts. These include the ability to interface between the gravitational

field and the electromagnetic field. in such a way that mass effect and

gravitational effect is essentially annihilated. For example, in March of

1989, we have a report from the Soviet Union that MIG 29 fighters were
                                 ~ 1
chasing a formation of these E1 #( outside of Mosco A -.- :    =' were

estimated to be going several thousand miles per hour. when the ET craft

made a direct right-hand turn without decelerating. Now, this has been

observed all over the world and the CSETI research teams have observed._.-.
                           a~
#him hat is impossibl^ to survive from traditional understanding mass
                                                        r

inertia, mass affect, and gravitational effect              oth the craft itself
                                                        L   -
and the occupants would be destroyed by t             of inertial gravitational

forces in motion. From these observations and other disturbances in the

electromagnetic spectrum, tsturbances in the gravitational field, it appears

that their technology has an interface between what we call the gravitational

.field and electromagnetic fieldfn such a way that mass effect is essentially

reduced to nothing and compensated for, so that they can manipulate both

in a gravitational field such as Earth or out in deep space where there

would be mass effect, even without a gravitational field, in a totally

compensated fashion. That is in a fashion that would suggest that there is

no mass or gravitational effect. And that is just one example of the kind of

extraordinary technological capabilities
                                                                            69

It also appears that there is a well developed capacity for them to exchange

matter to energy and energy to matter. In other words, solid matter to

energy and to change states, so that what look like feats of magic can
                                                                            A
occur. For example, numerous accounts of airline pilots and others,of--

these craft going directly into a mountainside and not crashing, but actually

ge+~~   obi ro Ggh the structure. Now, this, according to our understanding

of the laws of the Universe, is impossible, for one solid object to go through

another one. But it appears that they are able to adjust the matter energy

characteristics in such a way that they can transfer through space and
                                           l

through matter unimpeded by the                 f things. But they apparently

have to be planned for; if it's not planned for, they will crash,. OK. It is not

all magic. I am sure there is a very technical science behind this.


Other interesting manifestations of their technology which will be elaborated

on later, is best described by technology assisted consciousness and its

sister technology, consciousness assisted technology. By this is meant,

under technology assisted consciousness or TAC, undecA$"the ability of

consciousness to be projected or augmented or facilitated through

technological devices.    A crude example of this, perhaps, would be a

biofeedback machine. But here we are referring to something infinitely

more advanced, where the technology can assist consciousness in its ability

to project into distant regions        hat we call space/time. This is one
                                                                             70

    reason why their communication systems are not limited by what we would

    call the speed of light.


                                                           a-t, -41
    Similarly there is consciousness assisted technology, where the technology

    apparatus is interfaced with mind or consciousness and is assisted. There

    are numerous accounts, for example, of these life forms standing at a
                                                       -
    console on board a craft and tf~etr-b                   ~ knobs or buttons

V   tha t would indicate a physical need t touch tbefr, nor would they interface

    with them verbally, such as in a voice^activated system. But they appear

    to be thinking to the console; and as they would think to it, the console in

    the craft would undergo certain activities. Now, this has been described all

    over the world as an aspect of the phenomenon which gets swept under the

    carpet because it doesn't fit our prejudicial constructs of what's possible.

    But, again, keeping an open mind, we can begin to see that this is possible.

    A7`rd this will be elaborated on in depth in an entire Chapter dealing with

    mind and space and time.


    It is also our assessment that these life forms have, both through

    technology and through -innate capability advanced capabttt f+ s'involving

    what we would normally call parapsychological abilities, such as telepathy,

    precognition, remote viewing, and others.      It appears that they have

    developed the science of consciousness in ways that are very advanced
                                                                                71
                                                                    \     Jiic!J~t k" Sc   aJ,,
and appear to be mysterious to humans at this point in time. We stress,

however, that humans have these abilities, as well `as has been

demonstrated for millenni        ,arad-the degree to which it is developed is

irrelevant.   The fact is, is tl t' all higher intelligent life forrrts      nately

possess these capacities; and some life forms, that have been on the

evolutionary path a little longer than we have, have simply systematized it

in such a way that it is very reproducible. We hasten to add here, however,

that certain human societies and ancient societies apparently had the same

abilities on Earth and that modern western civilization, while in its attempt

to externalize science and knowledge to the denial to the subjective

universe has lost its bearing in this particular regard. But certain so-called

primitive peoples as well as ancient peoples have that ability or have had

that ability, and very well developed.


It is also our assessment that these life forms, while technologically more

advanced than humansre not intrinsically superior or inferior. This gets

into an entire question of viewing other life forms in an appropriate

framework. It is extremely destructive for one group or one society to view

itself in either a superior or inferior mode. .AiTd, good example of this is

the western arrogance of presuming that a rocket scientist is superior to a

hunter-gatherer in Africa. We1l,Ihis simply isn't the case. Superiority and

inferiority is not something that can ever be measured by that degree of
                                                                             72

manifestation of either intellect or skill.   It should )wand must me and

intrinsic definition; and as such, all higher life forms, since they are able to

access this highest common denominator of unbounded mind or pure

consciousness, are essentially all equal.       It is a matter of degree of

development and manifestation in certain areas where there is tremendous

variety; But that does not speak to whether or not they are inferior or

superior. It is quite obvious that their technology is superior; but would you

say that someone who has a cellular phone is superior to someone who is

carving a canoe with stone-aged instruments. As a being, they are not

either superior or inferior, they are simply different. Andihis speaks to a

very real human crisis of confusing sameness with equality. There is never

going to be sameness, even in one species such as humans; there is

tremendous diversity. But, there is intrinsic and deep equality based on the

birthright of every higher intelligent life form to be conscious, sentient, and

thinking; and that quality is universal.


It is also our assessment that before any sustainable and enduring

relationship can evolve between humans and these other life forms, that we

will first need to establish an enduring and permanent peace on this planet.

Now, this causes people to say, well then, we will never have relations with

extra-terrestrial life forms because humans will never be able to achieve
           @cLtt4ck ccielu~Lra
that. Ann reply, it is important to point out that you can never predict the
future by simply looking at the past. AFTB t             appears th      ere are

many converging forces occurring at this time in history, which will lead to

a peaceful, global civilization. It probably will not be what many people who

are thinking along these lines would imagine, but it will have to occur.

Simply because if it doesn't, the Earthy will be destroyed and)b) the

people of the Earth, therefore, will cease.     be~able to exist. And humans

are, if nothing else, tenacious survivors. And at some-point, .no matter how

dire the trail may be that leads to this realization, but at some point human

society will realize that it must coexist peacefully on this planet as nations
    /A          A
    a religions~and       races and--what hav&yiJOr simpl , it will destroy —'

beh-ea~atlher'and the planet on which we live. The ability to indulge the

tribalism that has dominated recorded history for the last 10,000 years is

ending. An With advanced technology and communication -and with the

weapons of mass destruction, the luxury of indulging those kind of tribalistic

instincts is simply going to have to come to an end, or life as we know it on

this planet will come to an end. It is unlikely that the latter will occur, simply

because humans, if nothing else, want to survive.


At the point that we reach a global integration and a global peace, this will

be the highest potential in history for establishing open relations with these

life forms. The reason for this should beQbvious. At this point in time, if
                                                 t1ue~
an extra-terrestrial craft were to land and1sa,Xake me to your leader, -l-am
                                                                          74

afraid the world would not know quite what to say in terms of which leader.

It has been interesting to be interviewed by various people. And Larry King

asked me when I was on that show, why don't they go and land on the

White House lawn and meet the President? I said,welI, Which White

House? And which President? The white house in Russia, or the white

house in Zimbabwe? This is a very important basic question. Tbi> t'We

have to evolve a global civilization in order to interact with other global

civilizations. And so people who demand in a sort -of somewhat debunking

way that if they are really here, they should just come and land on the

White House lawn, it has to be understood that" that's a very nationalistic

and ethnocentric perspective. I believe, and it is quite clear, that they are

waiting for an appropriate global community with which to interact and to

establish some sort of sustainable dialogue. So that the evolution of a

giobaLso~iety.a   L peaceful global civilization will be one of the crowning

events unleashing the potential for open communication with extraterrestrial

life forms. Now, that not withstanding, it is clear that they are willing, at

least in a preliminary way, to interact with and establish some sort of

rapport with humans today, now. And, in fact, have been doing so for a

number of years in rather tentative and a4h&ènigmatic fashion. This, of

course, brings up the whole question of the CE-5 Initiative and our attempt

to formulate teams of people to go into areas and to establisM~n a

preliminary way ommunicatio with these extra-terrestrial life forms.
                                                                              75

And, finally, while this has been touched on briefly, the biggest question that

comes to everyone's mind when this subject comes up is what are their

intentions. The question of intent is the sixty-four quadrillion dollar question;

because it creates the greatest anxiety both in the public in general, but

     in the military and policy makers. Why would life forms come through

interstellar space to interact with this planet No '(,some of the reasons

have already been shared, dealing with their monitoring of our military

buildup, our space exploration, environmental monitoring, geophysical

monitoring, and so on. But that doesn't really express what their ultimate

intentions may be. This fascination with their intentions is understandable,

but frequently very misguided.


An anecdotal story might be useful here. In September of 1993, through

a liaison with the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the United States military, we were

able to have a meeting at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base with the FASIC

(Foreign Air, Space and Technology Center) which was previously the FTD

(Foreign Technology Division) to which the initial body and wreckage of the

bodies of the Roswell crash were sent in 1947. It has since, by the way,

_remained another acronym, National Air Intelligence Center (NAIC).

Parenthetically, I might add that they seem to change their name with great

frequency in attempting to dodge this question. But, be that as it may, a

senior military officer, admiral, associated with the intelligence directorate
                                                                             76

  of the Joint Chiefs of Staff through a liaison that I have to him, set up this

  meeting of September of 199         ~r(y military consultant and I and another

  gentlen went there, were given badges, and were led back into this area.
      tN
    d We sat across the table from a couple of officers, the-guwho was the

  commander of that division and a public information officer (who was in

  actuality an intelligence operative~a      ]e first question    thout getting

  into the pu_pose of this meeting or anything else           is anotherwhole

                                       etafte r they established our bon fides
_ story the-first guest+ee-tb t they had

  as being a research team that had had direct communication with these life

  forms, was "Do you think that they could be a threat to our national

  security?"   And I said, well, this is a very telling question about your

  concerns, which in some respects are understandable if you are responsible

   for military security. But I said, you need to phrase it differently, because
       u xlszovA= u J u- a
thzit Was  asked are they capable of being a threat to our national security.

  The answer
               was- es, they are capable., bviously have the capacity to turn
  the Earth into a cinder floating in space should that be their desire. The

  question is do they have that intent? And the answer to that is no. Had

  they had that intent, it would have been a done deal a very long time ago.


                                                                           (L'   G4J
   {~, this question of intent, which causes such anxiety, needs to be looked

  at from a very fundamental basis. And the most fundamental basis of it is
                                                                               77

these life forms which have been monitoring this planet for decades if not

centuries, and some would speculate millennia, are here at this time and,

with all their advanced technological ability, have not taken hostile actions

against our planet. Had they done so, there would have been no way that

it would have been held back from being unrecognized by the public. That

would be something that could not be a secret.


It is our assessment that these life forms, while their full intentions are not

totally comprehended, do not have intentions which are hostile to the

human race in its entirety. It appears that their real intentions fall into the

categories listed above, and much of that is just pure study and research

of our life on this planet and what we are doing to this planet, and

particularly a fascination with our civilization as it crosses this threshold, this

transition, from tribal and national states to a global civilization. Certainly,

whether it is Earth or some other planet, this is the most fascinating, the

most potentially fraught with danger, and at the same time potentially most

glorious time    f the evolution of any world where there is an intelligent

speciesc the time in which we are living now. So, it is no surprise that they
                                                 } t2~ti        s
would have an intense interest in observing this and to and~"extent.being

      to interact with this planet as it go s from nation state to global

civilization to eventually a star aring inter lanetary civilization. And that is

the course that we are on.
                                                                                78

To do this, it is obvious that they have a need to increase their knowledge

of not only who we are but how we are evolving. Arid this includes not just

technologically or militarily, but also geo-politically, socially, and spiritually.

Because civilizations which are using non-linear aspects of mind and matter

to communicate with each other are going to be very curious to see if we

reach that point of evolution and discovery on that nexus between mind,

matter, space, time, and the whole non-linear aspect of reality.


It is clear that many of their activities are centered around preparatory

events and readiness in the event of a worse-case scenario, as mentioned

earlier. It appears that: they have the capacity and taaucontingency plans

in place to intercept and destroy ICBMs if necessary to alter missile

coordinates and reaciness,"and to engage in emergency Earth-based

activities when needed and in a worse-case scenario. The restraint that

they have exercised would suggest, however, that that would be engaged

only to the minimum extent necessary.             Otherwise, they could have

terminated our nuclear capacity at the inception of it; and they did not. Had

they had the intent to try to "micro-manage" how we were evolving, that

could have been clone at a fairly early state in our technological evolution.

They have chosen not to, it appears; because we need to learn a number

of these lessons ourselves in order for them to be enduring. Just like any

life form needs to go through certain lessons to really geH#1and to really-"
                                                                               79

   own jand to really manifest it.


   Ultimate) , their long-term interest and goals appear to be setting the stage

   for and facilitating an era when Earth civilization can openly be in

   relationship with these other inter1planetary peoples. In this sense, their

  '_ultimate appears to be being able and perhaps facilitating our entry into an

   inter9lanetary coalition at some point into the future.        When exactly,

   whether it is 20 years or 1,000 years from now is speculative. It appears,

   however, to be nearer than most people realize.         A        ~rrrely   om

   certain activities that they have engaged in over the years, they are

   concerned with the preservation and protection of intelligent life in the

   Universe. Their melting of the silo in Minot, North Dakota; their intervention

   in other areas where there have been potenti           troT    Qeologically as

   well as man-made nuclear catastrophes, would suggest that they have a

   concern for preserving this beautiful blue island in space which we call

   Earth, as a viable homeland for intelligent life to evolve from where it is now

   to its full potential as a cosmic-species, as a universal species. This is, in

   all likelihood, the overarching purpose and mission to the extent that we

   have been able to discern.


   What is interesting is to see how humans might react to various activities

~„ .which these life forms have engagedA An have alluded to these earlier
                                                                              80

when I shared with you the reaction of the military to overflights of nuclear

bases in Minot, North Dakota, event; but also how civilians react has been

extremely telling. This will require an entire Chapter to discuss in depth.

Ji   th this point, it is our assessment that one of the big problems, the

hurdles,    that humankind must overcome is its tendency                to    be

anthropomorphic and anthropocentric to the exclusion of any ability to view

things from an inter-planetary framework coupled with an intrinsic, tribal

mind that views anything that is foreign and anything which cannot be

controlled as perforce hostile. The reaction of civilians to overflights of

these crafts, the fascination in the tabloids with hostile alien scenarios, the

reaction of our military planners and others to these life forms all would

speak to this tendency to jump to unwarranted and dangerous conflict-

oriented conclusions.


In order for us to bridge where we are now to a future of interplanetary

relations, it is going to be essential that we let go of that anthropocentric

and xenophobic tendency; because the fear of the unknown if it bridges into

armed aggression and presumed hostility can become its own self-fulfilling

prophecy.    And that is a future which none of us wants to see.             The

dangers of this kind of narrow focus are so profound, that it is one of the

great challenges facing human civilization now and over the next 50 years.
                                                                             81

A 1Jo surmount it will require calm heads and a broad vision of what the `'

 potential of humanity is and how we can view ourselves in a relationship

 with other life forms from other planetary systems.


 Well, that's a brief overview of our assessment. That's the short version.

 Are there questions? Because I know I covered quite a few things which

,,shfl be elaborated on in other parts of the book, but . .                         l


 Q:     At Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, what kind of insights did you get

 from them to what they do?

 A:    I know I opened a can of worms by sharing that story. Because
                    i~
 people are say 1t3od, what in the world are you doing going out there and

 meeting with these? It is our premise, whether dealing with extra-terrestrial

 life forms or fellow humans that communication is better than non-

 communication or mis-communication. And that it is better to give than to
                                                                '. CLyl1
 receive.      B.r     4 really is the hallmark of diplomacy,

 this entire endeavor centers around the concept of inter-planetary

 diplomacy. In this case, the purpose of the meeting was quite frankly) a1'

 'heads up' for the military, and particularly for that division of the Air Force
                                                  -
 at Wright-Patterson. The admiral           se4h1s meeting v' ad to move                -

 heaven and earth to make it happen, as you can imagine; and, in fact, had

 to call the head of Air Force Intelligence and say1you will meet with these

 peopleand this      'oming from the Joint Chiefs,
                                                                              82

our purpose in going there was to say, 1) that we wanted a point of contact

or at least let them know that we were involved in a citizens diplomacy

effort that was world-wide, but has operations in the United States and

North America and that we did not want them to view us as anything other

than a diplomatic m ission. In other words, we did not want them to view us

in a conflicted way. And 2) we wanted to share with them the information

    olite a way as possible; that it was our intention at whatever to the

extent to what we could to pull together this evidence and to mount a

disclosure on this that would be extremely high level with major media,

        olitical figures, and           itnesses who are very well-regarded'

people in our country f And that, ultimately,   would flow back to Wright-           -   '
               _      l
Patterson; because that's where some of the initial bodies and debris were

sent, even though it's my assessment and apparently it's theirs as well, that

they currently have no operations related to th          .l think that's true. But

                     t1 etQ. This has been born out by the fact that after I

briefed a member of the White House staff,           they immediately went to

Wright-Patterson and started asking the same guy I met with~wtiat the hell's

going on here nAnd so, this was a 'heads up' to say as we hit these trip

wires and start launching this effort to disclose this stuff in a very high-level

way, pulling it off the back page of the "National Enquirer" and putting it on

the front page of the "New York Time        that it would flow back there and

that they needed to know this. . And that they needed to position themselves
                                                                               83

to cooperate with disclosure, because to do otherwise would be very bad

for the military. So, we did not go there to get anything from them. As I

said, a national security guy once said, oh, you know I have this photo and

that photo from a KH-9 and a KH-11 top secret satellit~y~/ould you like to
         na             ( t,,.,.A)
see them? And I'm going, hyr~ re out in the field where the things are

landing in the field in real time; I don't need to see your photograph. But,

so our point was not to go out there and say can you give us something;

because we already know. There is no,'point to playing that game; plus it

added a dimension of .changes              power dynamics when you don't go

begging and whr fyou don't go there in need. You go there from a position

of empowerment and say,w know this and this is what we have absolute

confirmed experience in and we are offering to you a 'heads up.' And you

know that goes a long way in terms of establishing your professionalism,

but also establishing the fact that you are not doing this in a way that is just

trying to create coriflici: and angst, but you are doing it in a way that is trying

to move this thing forward in as constructive a fashion as possible.

Q:     Does CSETI ever have occasion to talk about how we have

disenfranchised our youth through this covert policy in our country?

Because I think the real tragedy personally is that we have done that and

it needs to be corrected.

A:     Yes, in a later chapter we are going to discuss the entire

disinformation process. And it is true, clearly our assessment is that there
                                                                           84

has been a very well-funded, well thought through psychological warfare

and disinformation project that has been going on since the late 40's. And

it has not only been targeted to policy makers and people in the White

House aid--media, but it has been targeted through entertainment venues

and media atiJ wtrat-hav        o influence mass consciousness in a certain

way. Af the way that it has been set up to influence mass consciousness,

unfortunately, is to prepare people in a classic propaganda type fashion for

the notion of hostile extra-terrestrial life forms that we should unite~gainst_       ~
                                                                                  1
and fight. And by doing so, of course, maintain a great deal of the status

quo in the military industrial complex. So Ihis, has been very well thought

through. I've had more than one person, a senior congressional figure as

well as recently a very senior member of the military say you are dealing

with the big boys. You are dealing with the varsity team here when it comes

to disinformation and psychological warfare and covert operations. That it

is a piece of work l:he likes of which even the most hardened and

sophisticated national security people         have been able to meet with

are astounded when they just peek behind the cover a little bit. So, yes,

and this will be discussed in greater detail on the Chapter dealing with the

disinformation apparatus, the effects it has had on mass consciousness,

which is much greater than people realize. And the principle, by the way,

the primary target has been the consciousness of people in general, but the

specific targeting has been the UFO sub-culture. And so, if you want to
                                                                             85

receive the largest amount of disinformation, all you need to do is to

immerse yourself into the UFO subculture and you will receive the

maximum possible dose. Because that is logically where you would target

it as a point of entry into the general population.    I hate to say   •: t you    -

apologists t         re here may be disconcerted to hear that, but that's quite

frankly the truth.

Other questions on the comprehensive assessment of this issue and a sort

of tour of the whole question very quickly? Or not so quickly          our tour.

Q:     I have a question about the magnitude of         ~i +/lk~

A:     The question is how could the events of Brussels and Belgium have

occurred of such magnitude and not be known generally. Again, this has

to do with the psychological conditioning of people and particularly the

media. I am not suggesting here necessarily one way or the other that the -

media are controlled directly; but indirectly the media, because they are          --

members of the public like anyone else, have been conditioned to discount
                          /
any of these kinds       f stories or information as being untouchable. It is a

topic non-grata. I have a family member who is one of the chief editors of

the Boston Globe who_has told me directly that no matter what I would

present to her in the way of evidence, that they wouldn't touch this story

with a 10 foot pole, because it is the domain of tabloids and low-level

journalism; and no high-brow venue such as the Boston Globe would want

to touch it. So this mass psychological conditioning which began in the
                                                                               86

 early 50's has beer extremely effective. And so much so, that even people

 who I know in media.who know that this is real will not touch it because it

 would be the death `nait for their careers. And so, that is how these events

 can happen, south of the borde          tin Mexico, you have events that are

 almost unbelievable, where their national news media, their government

 controlled national news media have filmed these things in broad daylight

 being chased by their jet aircraft, etc, and so on, and you never hear about

 it anywhere in the United States, except through certain specialized UFO

 shows. $b, this apparent news blackout on this subject, I think at this point,

 is less a direct control from the covert control entity than it is a result of the

 varied masterful psychological conditioning which has been carried out over

 the last 40 years        which has ensured that the media will discount and,

 quite frankly, denigrate the subject until proven otherwise. This is why our

 task in Project Starlight -to bring about a confirmed announcement and

 disclosure on thi is so difficult. Because in many respects, it doesn't even

 matter if the President and others are convinced and want it to happen if

 the organs pf public dissemination of information the media, are going to

 deal y   in either a silly way or in a way that would be irresponsible a then

 it is a very big problem.    nttat this point, it has taken on a life of its own;

 and in a way, it is a Frankenstein 1has'been created that's gotten its legs

 ~got              p and walked off the table and is out roaming around. And

,J"I'ow to figure out how to rein this creature back in has been the thing that
                                                                           87

has strained every neuron in my head, quite frankly. It has really been a

task. Ultimately what you have to do is to put out the truth as you know it,

which is why we are sitting here tonight, and let the cards fall where they

may. But we have a big problem there. And I think the only way to

overcome it is to organize well enough that an undeniable case is made

and it is presented at a high enough venue with prestigious enough "

authority figures giving their imprimatur, their stamp of approval on it —Ate'---

that's what Project Starlight is doing. And we will see. But our intent is to       ,

conclude that within the next 12 to 24 months~if not sooner. Afl"o{~r fear

is that somebody will conclude it for us, but with a definitive spin on it that

will be extremely m ilitaristic and dangerous. So, the reason quite frankly

that I am here tonight and am going to strain every nerve I have to try to

get this information out in the next few months is because we are afraid of

a pre-emptive strike that would be disastrous. Beca&é 4s we have hit trip

wires involving the National Security Command and the UN and the White

House and what-have-yoU, this covert group has been moving into high

gear paralleling this effort and could launch a pre-emptive strike but would

do Go in a     that would be cataclysmic. It is a very dangerous game that

they are playing; and they may say that we arree playing. But, the fact is that   —'

all we are trying to do is get the truth out #tthe best that we know it     to j ---+

the public and have this issue taken seriously. But by doing so there is a

2,000 pound gorilla on the block that could be activated and stirred up. And
                                  £2-   -
                            CLe
                                            6~      ~


                                             a        t


     /                  AJ '

                                             a__v
                                                 ctd ck
                                             U.l l9-~ f u1QNur
zt tKt a;;;\   i   d7   ,    gOU f 1-
                                                                              88

that is the risk. The media ultimately will go through a very great test in

how critically it reviews this. ~,tfiis is one of our big concerns; a major

media figure who's name I'm not at liberty to use has m t- -one of our -

strategy meetings and has quite frankly §dmitted to us that the fourth estate

has done to sleep at the wheel. ,Ar?c(,basically the fourth estate pein~of
      4
course)the media as the fourth arm of government to try to watch and keep

us all on it, has really fallen asleep on this a     ther issues. And as such,

is more a part of the problem than a cure. A.%to try to turn that around is

requiring that we provide briefings to media leaders and opinion makers and

attempt to get them to treat this both seriously and responsibly. It is no

good if they treat it seriously but then say the sky is falling and everyone

staXts,jumping out of buildings. o '          , ery, to t U :,_thib is-ur,klnd,
                               xt.n t iti(
     ie media is so brai7 ead at this point in history in our society hat to

try to raise their consciousness on this so that they will take it seriously but

also do it responsibly, is one of the real challenges of the Project Starlight

effort.

Q:        Isn't it almost guaranteed that you are going to be pre-empted?

A:        No. No. No. Because they've got their plans and we have ours.

And I'll just leave it at that.     Part of the problem is that, I will share with

you something, since you aske            t I4uA°f received a Fed-Ex
                                    ~•                       Gcr~.a'
which I felt was very time) , • t    military commander wl~icichas done a lot
                                        A
of work with the National War College has,at my request)               through a —
                                                                             89

  wadgame scenario and it will be delivered to the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the

  UN Security Council, the President, and a few other people.        kLthis war —

  game basically uncovers the entire covert operation and how they could

  down an intelligence satellite to make it look like a hostile ET event to try

  to engage the whole world in an ET-Earth conflict. But this war gamy is a

  heads upssaying do not be deceived. And so, we have that, and I have y --a
                           n
  already in advance of thish     sent to the President a national secu ity
                                    ,At
  advisory. And this has gone to thd~may I say/he highest level.      ,rf is

  u-xplicit, and it says point-blank that 90 plus percent of abduction cases `—'

  are psycho-electronic events from a covert cell to create a certain mass         y{d, ~   ~~

  effect. ~,8$! to 90 percent of cattle mutilations are the same; technological --+

  capacity exists through Star Wars-related technology to down these ET

  craft, and they are already turning these weapons on them and on at least

  two occasions I know oshave downed the craft in the last few months, etc., -~

  and so on. And so, this is a heads up. And of course you can imagine;
( sorn
     (          a already
                              been sent.>And it's caused quite an uproar.

  But the point is}we feel that this stuff has got to be shared becaus      are

  not otherwise being informed. And to be quite honest with you, this has

  been one of our big concerns,       hat, well . . . I met with one of the most

  powerful people,wrthe planetlt rat should have known about this subject

 .mejust leave it -at-                     rtf I told you what his position was

  you would be stunned. hi&          ,At turned out, I was the first person who ,~
                                                                                        90

had briefed him on the subject.                     He was            ,fie and the whole

administration were out of the loop. When this dawned on me, it hit like a
                            << cy
wall fell on me; and I said, my god, this man, and the President, and the

Joint Chiefs, and at least one         lr-star         on the Joint Chiefs that we have

spoken with all are being kept out of the loop on this and can't get a straight

answer when they ask.        So, there is a complete breakdown in the

constitutional chain of command in the Executive Branch on this subject.

This is dangerous as hell. It is a very, very sensitive issue. And so, what

we've determined has to happen is that these people have to be put in the

loop, whether they want to be or not.                     And so, what we are doing in

advance of a public disclosure is putting these people in the loop.                    -the —"
Secretary General of the United Nations, the President, the National

Security apparatus, the Joint Chiefs, all these are being briefed. I am just

a civilian, a country doctor from North Carolina, and all we're doing is

saying this is our assessment, here's what's going on and also if you care

to, here's where to look. And   thus             is the part that we haven't fully conveyed

yet, because it, you know; we are sensitive to not precipitating a

Constitutional crisis. And

Q:     (voice not clear in background)

A:     Oh, yeah. They claim disinterest initially, but, yeah.

Q:     Good.

A:     Yup. They are looking.
                                                                               91

 Q:     When is the book going to be published?

 A:     That depends. It probably would be this late fall or winter, coming.

 Unless it has to be crashed. Which is why I am doing it. The reason why

 we are trying to get the guts of this down is that if it has to get word-

 processed and crashed, so that it can be rolled out in two weeks o onth,

 the guts of it will be clown. I know that sounds bizarre, but if we get pre-

 empted and there's riot countervailing perspective

.that's      been thought-through, we are dead meat. It would be very bad.

 So we feel that it is important to get that stuff in place so that if has to get

 rolled out urgently or semi-emergently, it will be                   that's why I

 am taking a week to come out here and do this. I mean, that's the real

 story behind this. It has ga4t r10 critical. I woke up one day_              le-ef-

 months ago andL after so a thin .S
                                ~ha i happened, and4-went —

 Q:     Well, that first bit, you could just reel that off, and that would suffice.

 A:     But that's the whole issue. Now, there is another second book that

 will be even more inflammatory. It's a transcript. Shari's been helping with

 this. There's about 200 pages or 250 of everything that has happened over

 the last year and a half. And I mean~fUhis thing!,e~veryday I dictate into

 the microcassette, and when the tape at finished, it gets transcribed, and

 then those copies get sent to Larry King and a few other people with

 instructions that if anything happens to me, this whole thing gets popped

 open. But I name every name, every covert installation, every operative,
                                                                            '92

everything. It would be an abs•lute scandal if this thing. f but now our

hope is that after thi          get   disclosed, that this will be sort of an

 anecdotal account of my personal journey from about

~atii LtbtS up through this whole sort-~f melodramatic sorb ~f Machiavelliar

.t .i .-dealing with all these crazy covert, processes and also trying to deal -'
                                        !.a J
 with the civilian government-ta but of the loop. An I didn't learn until

 after I'd started meeting with the Administration, that JFK was out of the

 loop. P goes way bac         Ai Art turns out that Eisenhower, as a .5-star

 general, knew more about this subject e-a--general. Once he became

 president, they shut him out of the loop. What was his last speech to the

 nation?   Anybody remember the famous words, "Beware the military

 industrial complex. . . ." And if you want to know where the real power on

 this sits, it's on the industrial side of the military complex. Private; it has

 been privatized. 4ee, but thatirfisrmatf r'      e would rather not have to

        hat          .   m     ~f could be very destructive. And so what we

are saying firstis let's do this in a nice way and cooperate, but we are also

 say that if you don't. . . I got a call from the CIA guy in November who said

that.he White House feels like you are bullying them. Now that was an

exact quote. And I said you mean me? But because we            Ut 3gs i

that if things don't go as they should, that we will take whatever actions are

necessary, whatever it takes, to put this out and to document it. And it won't

get buried. Because we have an open invitation from CNN and LARRY
                                                                             93

KING to come on and do this. And I said not yet. When I was on LARRY

KING in October, I basically just soft-shoed the whole time. I couldn't say

anything, even what I am saying here; because it would have burned the

bridges that we are trying to build with thes# 5eople we are trying to pull

along. But if those people burn the bridges themselvejKatie~bar fhe door.

Because we will not be restrained. And that is our trump card in a sense.

That is what we are holding back and saying that's a carrot and stick. Let's

cooperate and get the truth out.       The cold war's ended, let's turn this

around.   But if they don't and they start doing things that are clearly

obstructionistand quite frankly I have been at the end of my patience and

my ropes more than once; Shari's seen this evolve           t    oficë over the

last year. Then we can just put this out and do it ourselves. It would be a

best-selling book, let me tell you
                               It's a who's who of the world that we
                                               -4)
have been meeting w+ ` And when this th+~g4e?sput out there, there will

be a feeding frenzy. _.9~ d         a is to avoid that if we can. At~d tivhat we

would rather do is say t'et's get together and scientifically disclose this and

do this in a way that's peaceful.

Q:     A la Watergate and Deep Throat and also some episodes of the X-

FILES, do you have high-level people that actually help you?

A:     Well, yes. There, yeah.

Q:     They would be jeopardizing their positions for . . .

A:     Oh, sure. They are jeopardizing their lives. There is a guy, the guy
a


-
                                                                                        94

      tea wrote this war game scenario for me who has a top-secret clearance

          special access into non-lethal technologies (which is a euphemism
      with g

      for...) He's been read into almost every non-lethal defense system there is,

      including the remotely triggered, psycho-electronic capabilities to make you

      have an abduction experien-e, ' has nothing to do with ETs, but has to do

      with a cell operating fro     ut of Los Alamos. But, you knoi          ere is a

      psychological warfare unit that's actively fighting the extra-terrestrials on a
                                                                                 n -r

      psychological, psychic and psycho-electronics               an on-going thing —

      And I know the guy who's head of it. Anywa+~(1ski. I dEdA%t'know him4 wrst-1

      he didn't exisI         frankly.   So we do have people like this; what's

      amazing is that you go to an admiral or a~star general and they're livid

      that this is going on and they are out of the loop.         Or you meet with

      someone, as I~have, who is a cabinet level person in the administration and
Lt1-4
                   il ed t     stonewalled and everything else. These people get

      on your side real quickly. Once they see this is real and they are told that

  J   they are just blown off and4et! to get los      d they are supposed to be in

      charge of all this. These are legally and Constitutionally the people in

      charge of that branch of the government, the Executive Branch. And

                                                      I   That's a real issue.    This       `   '

      summer I learned l:hat one of our strategy team members met with a.J ?star_—

      at the Pentagon and this ~►              r general, had to be read into this

      thing from a civilian, a civilian corporate individual. So you are talking about
                                                                            95

Alice walking through the Iqoking glass her jhrough the looking glass and

a couple othecsA Because the whole thing gets turned upside down and

backwards. It's extraordinary. We are going to get into that in some detail

later. Probably some of the things that I'm going to say here, if you repeat

  that I said it 4Jiat I will deny it until the book comes out. Because it is __—.

really sensitive stuff. I am being honest with you.

Q:     You've got it on tape.

A:     Yeah, it's on the tape. But she will have it. I trust Shari.

Q:     Are there any governments anywhere in the world that are really

interested in this, and I mean leaders that are really interested?

A:     Yeah, I've met with a couple. They are immediately. -                the   --
                                              a      r
disinformation specialists and are turned There is4 at the Cambodian ''

governme , - •' ,tfe Cambodian delegatior~to the UN wants us to come.---

forwards nd wants an international effort to do what we are asking, believe

it or not.   For the most parts the governments,

government which ~        le~ft   i Or they       ? by a coup er   ai~eFit ls~--~

but in the westis the governme► ' hat we think of as the government, you

know Bill Clinton                     arm                                   are   -

completely out of the loop on this. Same thing with the Russian leadership

and with the British. So, when you say that you kind of have to qualify it by

saying that these gover                 re really          quasi-governmental

and quasi-privatize          are controlling this.       And the actual I
                                                                          96
            A
constitutional~traditiona legaLthui -~

         overnment is for the most part completely uninformed. And quite

frankly, we are touching on things that we will get into more in the course

of the week. But the thing that has been utterly astounding to mend Shari        --a

and I have been on research expeditions where we have had triangular
                                                        4
craft 300 feet in the air that were the size of five 747's~signalling back and- -

forth to us and descending like they are going to land. None of that has

floored me as much as seeing how this thing has been worked and the

extent to which it has been., .. tt eally been devastating     -s

zLEn?   'to see that and to look at the implications of it.          ere are-

certain frightening aspects to it. I will share withyou a document, I won't

give it to you, but I will readu ts-tIi                  document that I've.--

alluded to a couple of times. One of the things that we are asking for is

amnesty from prosecution for thas4'witnesses for violating their National

Security oaths. So if any of you know people who need to violate those

oaths, let us know, because we are actively pursuing an Executive

Presidential order to release these people.           t can be done by an

Executive Order, if our Chief Executive has the courage to do it.
