{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T16:45:17Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 598910, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116832-wilbert-smith-senior-radio-engineer-dept-of-transportation-canada-memo-on-new-technology-november-1950.pdf", "source_sha256": "f259d161abce150ab2400cd95a5e821f8ec2982a65d0c206e0a4ae3d6363b260"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 335, "chars": 2201, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
40001
01/22/01
MON
22:45
TOP S
OTTANA, Ontario, Rovember 20, 1950.
Geo-Magneties
(B.ST.)
MYOMORANLATN TO THE CONTROLIER OF TELRCOMMUNI GATIONS:
for the past several yours we have been engaged in the study
of rarious aspeots of radio wave propagation. The tagarles of this
phenomenon bave led us into the flelda of surora, commia radiation,
atmospherio radio-aotivity and geo-magnetisa. In the case of geo-magnetios
our investigations have contributed little to our knoledge of radio mate
propegation es yet, but serertheless have indicatod seteral arennes of
investigation which may well be explored with profit. Ior cample, we are
on the treet of a means whereby the potential energy of the earth's magnetit
feld may be abstrated and wined.
•On the basis of theoretioal considerations a small and very
crude erperimental unit vas eonstructed approximately a Jear ego and tested
In our Standards Laboratory. Ine testa wore essentfally suécessful in that
Buttlelent engry was abstracted from the esth's field to operato a volt-
noter, apprarinetely 50 m1l11matts.
Although this unit was far from being
80lI-sustaining, it neverthaless demonstrated the soundness of the bealo
prinoiples in a qualitatire menner end provided usetal data tor the design
of a better unit.
The design has now been completed for a unit which should be
salf-sustaining and in addition provide a smell surplus of power. Sueh a
unit, in eddition to fusotioning as a "pilot power plant' should be large .
nough to persit the study of the various resation forees which are expeated
so deralop.
He bellare that we are on the track of something which say well
provo to be the introduetion to a pem toebnalorr.
The aristance of a differeat
technology 1s borne out by the investigatioha which are being carried on at
the present time in relation to flying saucers.
Ehile in Washington attending the NARB Conferenso, two books
resto relentad, one titled "Behind the Tying Saucer by Frank Soully, and
the other "The Ilying Saugers are Real" by Donald Keyhoe. Both books dealt
mostly with the eightings of anidentified objects and both books alain that
Flying objects vete of extra-terrestral origin and alght wall be space ships
....
2

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2147, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
01/22/01.
MON 22:46
01002
° 2
from another planet.
Soully olaimed that the preliminary studies of
one saucer which fell into the hands of the United States Government
indicated that they opezated on some bitherto unknown magnetic
prinoiples.
It appeared to me that our own work in geo-magnetios
might well be the linkage between our teahnology and the technology
by whion the saucers are designed and operated. If it is assumed that
our geo-angnetle intestigations are in the right direction, the theory
or operation of the saucers becomes quite straightforward, with all
observed Ieatures explained qualitatirely and quantitatively.
I made disgreet enquiries through the Canadian Embassy
staft in washington who were able to obtain for me the following
infommation:
he matter is the most highly classied sage is the United
States Goverment, rating higher even then the E-bamb.
b. Flying saucers exlst.
0. Their modus operandi 16 unknown but copoentrated effort 1m being
made by a mall group headed by Dootor Vannevar Bush.
d.
The entire matter is conaidered by the United States authorities
to be oi tremendous signifioange.
I waB further intorned that the United States authorities are investigating
along quite a swaber of lines which might possibly be related to the saucers
such as mental phenomena and I gather that they are not doing too well since
they Indloated that if Canada is doing erything at all in goo-magneties they
Tould welcome a discussion with suitably accredited Onnadians.
While I am not yet in a position to say that we have solved
even the frat problems in geomagnetia energy release, I feel that the
correlation between our basio theory and the evailable information on
saucers checks too closely to be mere doinoidence. It is my honest opinion
that we are on the right treek and are fairly close to at least some of the
answers.
Mr. Wright, Defence Resosich Board 11a1aon officer at the
Canadian Imbassy in Washington, was extrenely anxious for me to get in touch
with Dostor Solandt, Chairman of the Defence Research Board, to diseuss with
him future iavestigations along the line of geo-magnetlo energy release.
•.• 3

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 239, "chars": 1501, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
01/22/01
MON
22:46
@1003
3
profor to soo it done tithin the framo mork at our om organization with,
Of coutso, Jull do operation and exohango of Intomation mith other
Interosted bol105.
I diaoussed this matter fully MIth Dootos Solandt, Graisen OI
Doregao hesaaron Board, on November 20th and plaoad botora him as muot
Information so I bare boon ablo to gathor to date. Dootor Solandt agreed
that work on goo nagneti0:0n0r8y should go Iorward as rapidly as possiblo
and offared full co-operation of his Board in providing laboratory faollities,
acquialtion oi necessary Items of aquipment, and epeolalizod personnel loI
inaidental mork ta the projoot, I Indicatad to Dootor Solandt that ne mould
prefor to kanp the profess within the Dojartment of transport for the time
being watts we dare obtained anttlolent Intornation to peralt a complote
agsesanent Of the talue of the morł.
It Is theTorora racommended that & PROJEOT bo sot up ritair
the frame mork of this sootion to study this prodies and that the work bo
carriel on a part timo besia util much time as buffiolent tangible resultn
can be sean to warrant more defialtiro gotion. Cost of the progrem la its
initlel stages ara orpooted to be less than a lom bundrod dollars and can
de parzlod by our Radio Standards Lab appropriat1on.
Attached heroto 1s a diait of tormE of JOLOTOZOO IOT fuah a
projost thion, it authorized, mIll onable us to prodeed x1th thia research
work within out on orgartzation.
(V.B. Smith)
senior Radio Eaglaoet
·B3/00
