{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T21:06:13Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 758665, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116836-one-universe-one-people-steven-greer-article.pdf", "source_sha256": "3aebd71f75efc6e83558a398ed75c2813d4af115cf2b4b7598b101b307e837c3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1207, "chars": 7692, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
One Universe-One People
ne of the greatest tasks humanity has faced
unity. Regardless of planet, star system or galaxy of origın,
throughout history is the establishment of
and no matter how diverse, Elis are, essentially, intelli-
peace and unity among differing and
gent, conscious, sentient beings. Humans are essentially
diverse peoples. Superficial, external and
intelligent, conscious, sentient beings. We are, essentially,
cultural distinctions such as gender, race,
one. On this basis, we may speak of one people inhabiting
ethnic origin, nationality, religion and so
one universe, just as we now envision one people as chil-
forth have long divided humanity and been
dren of one planet. Differences are always a matter of
the cause of much warfare and social turmoil. It is only in
degree, but true unity established in consciousness is
the last 100 or so years that humans have seriously begun
absolute. The beings currently visiting earth from other
to explore worldwide our points of unity and begun to
planets, while no doubt different from humans in both
overcome the barriers which have sep-
superficial and more profound ways, are nevertheless con-
arated humanity. Central to this evolu-
scious intelligent beings. Consciousness is the basis for
tionary process has been the dynamic
both human and extraterrestrial existence and is therefore
of at once accepting and celebrating
the foundation for unity and communication between the
diversity while simultaneously seeing
various people of the universe. Beliefs may vary, biological
the fundamental oneness which all
processes may vary, assorted capacities may vary, social
humans share. This dynamic of
systems and technology may vary-but the simple thread
unity-seeing with the eye of one-
of conscious intelligence which runs through all peoples
ness-is the essential foundation for
elegantly weaves our unity. This essential unity is not sub-
lasting world peace and prosperity,
ject to the trials of diversity, for it is pure, immutable and
BY STEVEN
GREER
and will be the motivating principle of
fundamental to the existence of intelligent life itself.
the next millennium. The long and
The challenges of establishing unity among the peoples
painful process of overcoming preju-
of the universe is a grand extension of the challenge of
dice and embracing humanity's essential oneness, while by
establishing unity and peace among the people of the
no means yet complete, has brought us to the dawn of a
earth. Diversity, distinction and differences must be met
true world-encircling community of one people. The recog-
with mutual respect, acceptance and even celebration,
nition that mankind is one, that race, nationality, gender,
while the deeper foundations of unity are held steadily in
religion and so on are secondary to our shared human-
view. The eye of oneness does not exclude or reject the
ness, may well be the crowning achievement of the 20th
diversity among peoples, but relates this diversity to a par-
century.
adigm of univers-ality based in consciousness. The devel-
But-what does it mean to be human, essentially human,
opment of this capacity, of this kind of awareness, is the
apart from a purely biological definition? Our-deepest
most important prerequisite for not only peace and unity
point of unity transcends race, culture, gender, profession,
among humans, but also for the peace and unity between
life roles, even level of intelligence or emotional make-up,
humans and other intelligent life in the universe. We must
since all these attributes vary widely among people.
hope and pray that the errors and shortcomings humanity
Rather, the foundation of human oneness is consciousness
has manifested in its long and, as yet, incomplete march to
itself, the ability to be conscious, self-aware, intelligent sen-
world unity will serve as well-remembered lessons as we
tient beings. All other human qualities arise from this
face the task of peacefully interacting with extraterrestrial
mother of all attributes. Conscious intelligence is the root
peoples. The endless diversity which so outstanding a uni-
essence from which all other human qualities emanate. It
verse can present will only be endured by minds estab-
is the universal and fundamentally pure canvas on which
*iShed in the calmness of universal consciousness. In the
the dazzling array of human life manifests. The firmest,
coming decades, centuries and millennia, it will be increas-
most enduring and transcendent foundation on which
ingly realized, that the success of humanity's existence will
human unity is based then, is consciousness itself, for we
be dependent on the development of consciousness more
are all sentient beings, conscious, self-aware, and intelli-
than on any-outward progress.
gent. No matter how diverse two people or two cultures
As there is one God which manifests one creation, so
may be, this foundation of consciousness will enable unity
there is one God which is the source of all conscious
to prevail, as it is the-simplest yet most profound common
beings, whether on earth or elsewhere. The great Universal
ground which all humans share.
Intelligence has sent a ray of this light of consciousness
As great as the challenges to unity have been and con-
throughout all conscious beings, and we are united to God
tinue to be for humans, how much greater might this be
and to one another through its subtle and all-pervading
for the emerging and embryonic relationship between
effect. It is for these reasons that I state that the reality of
- humans and extraterrestrial civilizations. The superficial
man and the reality of other extraterrestrial peoples are
and cultural differences between, say, an American and a ;
one. Viewed with the eye of differences, we are diverse
Kenyan tribesman may pale before it! If disunity and con
and unrelated, but viewed with the eye of oneness, we are
flict arise when we look only to the differences between
more alike than dissimilar, more kindred, than alien. And
humans, how much greater will the potential disunity and
so it is that we must look to our inner reality to find not
conflict be if we are able only to focus on the points of
only our oneness with our fellow humans, but our oneness
difference between humans and extraterrestrial beings. The
with other intelligent life in the universe as well. While
failed and disastrous ways of the past-of seeing only dif-
ephemeral differences may confound us, our-essential one-
ferences and foreign qualities-must give way to a new way
ness in consciousness will never fail us. For there is one
of seeing, of seeing with the eye of oneness. This eye of
universe inhabited by one people, and we are they. DC
oneness must be directed not only towards our fellow
humans, but towards extraterrestrial people as well, for, the Steven M. Greer, M.D., is founder and international diretor of the.
same fundamental basis for unity which exists among
Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence. He Is widely
humans also exists for the relationship between humans
regarded as the world's foremost authority on the subject. A lifetime
• and extraterrestrials.
member of Alpha Omega Alpha, the nation's most prestigious med
The term extraterrestrial Intelligence (ETI), so curiously
Ical honor soclety, Dr. Greer Is an emergency physician in North
nondescript, wonderfully lends itself to these concepts of
Carolina. ® Copyright 1991, Steven M. Greer
M
Massage
Portable Ma
Starting
NG
411
CRA
WWW.LIVINGEAR7
CALL F
NEW C/
800-358-
600 EAST TODI
SANTA ROSA (
Bolsters • Line
Chart
1005 C
HEA
The EDG
suppleme
healers in
*mitted to
wellness,
- the proce
* longer se
energies a
side of th
our Marc
want the
