{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T00:54:29Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 11171777, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304064214383005, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116834-wilbert-smith-senior-radio-engineer-dept-of-transportation-canada-ufo-research-speeches-project-magnet.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540616760000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116834-wilbert-smith-senior-radio-engineer-dept-of-transportation-canada-ufo-research-speeches-project-magnet.pdf", "source_sha256": "a2c30642059eb04d1c0aa3e88ebcee3a424cfef72ac6dac681132776be25ada4"}

Wilbert B. Smith

                            Table of Contents
• Why I believe in the Reality of the Spacecraft (retyped version)

•   A speech by Wilbert B. Smith

•   Another speech by Wilbert B. Smith

•   The Philosophy of the Saucers

•   What was the truth about Project Magnet?

•   Project Magnet

•   Memo on Flying Saucers

•   Binding Forces

    Conversation with Affa?
                                                                              i


•   Background info on Jim Smith (Wilbert's son)                              I
                                                                          i


•   UFO's & Roswell — The Canadian Connection

•   UFO Paper trail — Memo of revelation of US position on UFO's-

•   Wilbert B. Smith and MJ-12

•   The Hamel Flying Disk

•   Roswell 1999 — What now?

•   1966 meeting on dimensions

• 1965 meeting in Montreal

•   Topside memoriam on W. B. Smith (contains several subjects)

•   An Address by W. B. Smith

•   More articles (old versions of re-types)

•   Picture of Jim Smith (W. B. Smith son)

•   Some pictures of Shirleys Bay Research Facility (taken around 2000)
                     [Believe in the Reality of the _Sm                                seraft


                                                        by
                                           Wilbert B. Smith

            Our contributor was formerly in charge of the world's first official flying saucer sighting
            station started by the Canadian Government at Shirley Bay, near Ottawa. This was
            eventually closed down and Mr. Smith is now Superintendent of Radio Regulations
            Engineering with the Canadian Government Department of Transport.

    I have been actively engaged in the investigation of the group of phenomena known as flying saucers for
    over seven years. During this period I have read most of the available literature on the subject,
    interviewed a great many people who have seen unusual things in the sky, examined many pictures and
    physical objects, made observations with scientific instruments and carried on a series of
    communications with intelligences claiming to be extra-terrestrial. I started the investigation out of
    curiosity and as an extreme sceptic, fully expecting to find the phenomena to be due to man-made or
    natural causes.

     I am 48 years old, hold a Master's Degree in Electrical Engineering, occupy a responsible position in the
     Canadian Government, hold a half-dozen patents, author of several technical papers, and in general
     enjoy a background in technical work and science indicating at least an average competence to study and
    `report on phenomena of a scientific nature. I have tried so far as possible to use conventional standard
O    niethods and equipment, and to investigate all possible angles before drawing any conclusions. In other
     words, I have followed the same general procedures which I would have followed if I had undertaken to
     study some more prosaic subject, such as radio wave propagation.

    The first phase of the work consisted of reading all available literature, collecting as much observational
    data as possible, and in general getting a fair perspective of the problem. The second phase involved
    theoretical and laboratory work to find openings in our technology and to establish relevant reference
    points, and the third phase involved following up the many and varied leads which developed from the
    first two phases.

    I do not intend to dwell on the first phase of this work as my experience was quite parallel with that of
    other investigators who have provided extensive published reports of their findings. Nor will I dwell on
    the many dead ends which were explored, which looked promising at first but faded out under careful
    investigation. Nor will I be able to be as specific as I would like to be with respect to material given to
    me in confidence or which came to me though "classified" channels. Furthermore, it is not my intention
    to try and convert anyone to my way of thinking, but merely to state what I believe and why I believe it.

    Let us look at a few facts.
    (1)     Hundreds of normal, honest people have seen lights in the sky which behaved like no light
            normally seen in the sky ought to behave.
    (2)     Hundreds of normal, honest people have seen what appear to be solid real objects in the sky
            which behaved like no object normally seen m the sky ought to behave.
r


    (3)     Hundreds of people have seen objects in the earth's atmosphere at sufficiently close range to see
            enough detail to enable them to say definitely what the objects were not, even though they could
            not identify,what they were.
•   (4)     Descriptio'n's of these objects from observers where circumstances virtually preclude~ collusion
            check.quite•well among-themselves and against data received from other sources:...._•------.-,•  _-.

    It is not reasonable to assume that hundreds of ordinary normal people whose word we would readily
    accept under'rnore'mundane circumstances, for instance as witnesses to an automobile accident, should
    suddenly become liars, fools, neurotics, and otherwise quite incompetent observers. I -have;interviewed
    many of these people myself and I. am convinced that they are sane, sober, honest folk who are reporting
    as best they can something which they really did witness: I will concede that maybe some of these people
    did not do as good a job of observing as someone who was better trained might have done, but within
    their limits I believe they did honestly report what they saw.

    Let us look at a few more facts.
    (1)     There have been several close brushes with these objects and in one case at least the aircraft pilot
            lost his life as a consequence. (Captain Mantell was reported killed as a result of chasing a flying
            saucer on January 7, 1947. The incident is described in .detail in ..The Report on Unidentified
            Flying Objects, by Edward J. Ruppelt, pages 51 to 60.)
    (2)     People who have been near these objects have described physical sensations which are unusual to
            say theleast, but; which ate quite. consistent with what is known of the technology under which
            they operate.

    The Mantel! Case

p   While the foregoing may seem rather incredible, nevertheless there exists quite good records in support
    of these occurrences. Furthermore, the technology of which we have been able to get a glimpse, namely
    that of the manipulation of the three basic fields, electric, magnetic and tempic, indicates quite a straight-
    forward answer to .an explanation of these phenomena. In Mantell's case the altered field configuration
    in the vicinity of the craft reduced the binding forces within the structural members of the aircraft to a
    value below that of the load which they were expected to carry, so they just came apart. These altered
    binding forces have been measured by simple instruments by people in my group and have been found to
    be quite significant. Furthermore, there was probably a substantial reduction in tempic field intensity in
    the vicinity of the. craft which Mantell approached, which would result in an effective rise in temperature
    of the aircraft and contents. I understand that Mantell's body gave every indication of having been
    subjected to considerable heat, and not from the outside in.

    A rise in temperature in the vicinity of these craft from elsewhere has been reported on many occasions,
    as has also an apparent alteration in the direction of gravity. Both of these phenomena are tempic field
    function"s and would be expected if the craft were making use of combinations of fields which involved
    substantial modifications of the tempic field function.

    There have been quite a number of alleged communications with intelligences claiming to be extra-
    terrestrial. I have followed up each such instance which came to my attention to the best of my ability in
    an effort to (a) establish or disprove the validity of the alleged communication and (b) to obtain any
    information which might be available if the contact should prove to be authentic.

    As might be expected, many of the contacts provided little or nothing of value, but a few did pay off.
    Some of the contacts have been the subject of published material, but by far the majority are
     confidential; and there are a surprising number of these contacts.

-- Checking
 a


     The procedure in checking contacts was to ask a number of innocuous but significant questions and
     compare the answers with the answers to the same questions as obtained though other               contacts.


     Questions were of the type; Do people live on the planet Mars? If so, what is the general shape of their
     houses? Do people on Mars use coinage money? If so, what does it look like? All together some
     hundred -or more questions were involved. The results were spectacular to say the least. Among the
     contacts that might be classed as authentic there was almost complete agreement. Among the other
     alleged contacts there was extremely poor agreement or none at all. Of course, where agreement was
     general but one or two points didn't fit, an effort was made to find out the reason for the discrepancy. In
     each case it was found that someone had injected a terrestrial idea or comment, frequently of a religious
     nature, instead of transmitting faithfully that which was received.

     Having located, what seemed to be channels of communication between ourselves and these
     extraterrestrial intelligences, the next and obvious step was to try and get as much information as
     possible. As may be expected, this effort was at first directed towards science and technology, but it
     soon became apparent, that there  wa's
                                             a very real and quite large gap between this alien science and t1á
     in which I had been trained. Certain crucial experiments were suggested and carried out, and in each
     case the results confirmed the validity of the alien science. Beyond this point the alien science just
     seemed to be incomprehensible.

     There followed a period of-soul searching during which many doubts were raised. We felt that we had
     established the reality of the craft from elsewhere, and of the intelligences associated with them, and
     while we were able to establish that these people all told the same story, was that story the truth? There
     existed some pretty .good evidence to support their statements, and precious little with which to
     disprove them, but we did not overlook the possibility that there might be some other more conventional
     explanation. We looked carefully at every conventional explanation we could find, but they all fell quite
     short of the mark. If the whole thing were a delusion, then quite a large number of people must be
     suffering from the same delusion, and an externalised delusion into the bargain. If it were a hoax, then it
     was by far the most gigantic hoax the world had ever known, and to what end, and by whom
     perpetrated, and who was putting up the money because some of the "evidence" must have cost a pretty
     penny to produce?

     Oneness of All Things

     The inevitable conclusion was that it was all real enough, and that these people from elsewhere were
     probably just what they claimed to be. The science, however, was definitely alien and possibly for ever
     beyond our comprehension. So another approach was tried, the philosophical, and here the answer was
     found in all its grandeur! I will not go into detail on the many revisions in ideas and basic thinking which
     had to be undergone, beyond stating that there were indeed many. The people from "elsewhere"
     displayed great patience and understanding in helping me to overcome many of the prejudices and stores
     of misinformation which I had spent many years accumulating. I began for the first time in my life to
     realise the basic "ONENESS" of the universe and all that is in it. Science, philosophy, religion,
     substance and energy are all facets of the same jewel, and before any one facet of the jewel. can really be
     appreciated the form of the jewel itself must be perceived.
            One of the most important things I had to realise was that we are not alone. The human race in the form
~   .
        7
            of MAN extends throughout the universe, and is incredibly ancient. Also, its appearance in physical form
            is but one of its many manifestations along the path of progress.

            Our civilisation here on this earth is only one of many that have come and gone. This planet has been
            colonised many times by people from elsewhere, and our present human race are blood brothers of these
            people. Is it any wonder that they are interested in us? To orthodox thinkers this may seem strange, but
            not nearly so strange as our ideas on evolution!

            The question might be asked, "If these people really are our brothers and are interested in our welfare,
            why do they remain so aloof?" We have been given the answer. There is a basic law of the universe
            which grants each and every individual independence and freedom of choice, so that he may experience
            and learn from his experiences. No one has the right to interfere in the affairs of others. In fact, our Ten
            Commandments are directives against interference. If we disregard this law we must suffer the
            consequences, and a little thought will show that the present deplorable world state is directly
            attributable to violation of this principle.

            Understanding of Dimensions

            These people from elsewhere have much greater knowledge than we have regarding the sequences
            which must not be altered, and while they may have every desire in the world to help us, they may not
            do so at this time without running the risk of altering significantly sequences which are very necessary to
p
            our development. Therefore, while they stand by ready, able and willing to help us, they may not do so
            until a propitious time of which they will be informed in due course. The dividing line between help and
                                                                                                                           a
            interference is very delicate indeed and sometimes hard to perceive, but it is a mark of individual and
            collective progress how well we can be guided by it.

            I am told that one of our difficulties is that we do not recognise a sufficient number of dimensions and
            make use of them in our science. Furthermore, we do not recognise the true nature of dimensions or of
            their place in the universe. I am told that so far as we are concerned, there are twelve dimensions, and
            these provide the necessary and sufficient structure for the entire universe. Our concepts of dimensions
            are most inadequate and restrictive and so long as we persist in them we can never transcend the world
            of mechanical processes which we have conjured up.

            In science we have an established procedure always to tie a new discovery or observation to that which
            we already know, even though to do so requires extensive "patchwork" and "perturbation" factors to be
            applied to our existing knowledge to make the new knowledge fit. We invariably assume that the new
            knowledge must somehow be closely related to the old and we are most zealous in tying the two
            together. As a consequence we bend and warp our units of knowledge so that we can fasten them
            together whether or not they belong together, until we have fabricated quite a structure which is almost
            completely closed on itself. Consequently, when we do find knowledge which should but just won't fit
            our structure we don't quite know what to do with it, so we usually reject it.

            I am informed that science is really much more simple than we imagine, and all the component parts fit
            together perfectly without any corrections. Possibly, we should start over again and reassemble our            C)
            knowledge in a different pattern, and this time fit the pieces of the jigsaw puzzle together properly
      without trimming the pieces. I feel sure that if we were to do this, and accept the philosophy upon which
       this new approach must of necessity be based, we will be able to enjoy the technology and the way of
    'life which is demonstrated to us by the presence of the space craft and our brothers from elsewhere.


Y
                           A SPEECH BY$WILBERT B.SMITH
             With the death of Wilbert B. Smith'on'Tceniber'"27; 1962;Ufologylost one of its most
             honoured investigators. Even those who disagreed with his views paid tribute to his
             integrity and the open-minded approach. he brought to..the bewildering, array of evidence.
             The article which follows is a transcriptt of"a'tape-recorded speech which Mr. Smith
             delivered at Ottawa, Canada, on March31,.4958. It is hoped that FLYING SAUCER
             REVIEW may be able to print another of his recorded speeches not only for its intrinsic
             interest but also as a tribute to a. highly respected man. We are grateful to the Vancouver
             Flying Saucer Club for their assistance in the reproduction of this speech.
             [FSR — Sept 19631

     I have been actively engaged in the investigation of the group of phenomena known as flying saucers for
     over two years. During this period I have read most of the available literature on the subject, interviewed
     a great many people who have seen unusual things in the sky, examined many pictures and physical
     objects, made observations with scientific instruments, and carried on a series of communications with
     intelligences claiming to be extra-terrestrial.

     I started the investigation out of curiosity, ,and -as -an extreme sceptic, fuliy expecting to find the
     phenomena to be due to manmade or natural causes. I am 48 years old, hold a Master's degree in
     electrical engineering, occupy a responsible position in the Canadian Government, hold half a dozen
     patents, am author of several technical papers, and in general enjoy a background in technical work and
     science indicating at least an average competence to study and report on phenomena of a scientific
     nature:

     I have tried as far as possible to use conventional and standard methods and equipment, and to
     investigate all possible angles before drawing any conclusions. In other words, I have followed the same
     general procedures which I would have followed if I had undertaken to study some more prosaic
     subject, such as radio wave propagation.

     The first phase of the work consisted of reading all available literature, collecting as much observational
     data as possible, and in general getting a fair perspective of the problem. The second phase involved
     theoretical and laboratory work, finding openings in our technology and in establishing relevant
     reference points. And the third phase involved following up the many and varied leads which developed
     from the first two phases.

     I do not intend to dwell on the first phase of the work as my experience was exactly parallel with that of
     other investigators who have provided extensive published reports on their findings. Nor will I dwell on
     the many dead ends which were explored, which looked promising at first, but faded out under careful
     investigation. Nor will I be able to be as specific as I would like to be with respect to material given to
     me in confidence, or which came to me through classified channels. Furthermore, it is not my intention
     to try to convert anyone to my way of thinking, but merely to state what I believe and why I believe it.

      Let us look at a few facts. First, hundreds of normal, honest people have seen lights in the sky which
      behaved like no light normally seen in the sky ought to behave. Secondly, hundreds of normal, honest
p     people have seen what appeared to be solid, real objects in the sky, which behaved like no object
    t normally seen in the sky ought to behave. Thirdly, hundreds of people have seen objects in the earth's
                                                                                                                   0
      atmosphere at sufficiently close range to see enough detail to enable them to say definitely what the
        object was not, even though they could not identify what"it°Was.?Foi rthi                     of these objects
                                                                                         c:descriptions


        from observers where circumstances virtually preclude        collusion,
                                                                               check quite well among themselves
                                                           •--•-..-• - •• •- - —  ..__•.._.,.._,.....
     e -and againstdata received from other sources.
     i


         It. is not reasonable to suppose that hundreds of ordinary,, normal. people, ,whose word we would readily
         accept. under more mundane circumstances - for instance, as witness to automobile accident - should
                                                                                    an


         suddenly become liars, fools, neurotics and otherwise quite'incompetentobservers..

         I have interviewed'many of these people myself, and I am convinced they are sane, sober, honest folk
         who are reporting as best they can something which they really did witness. I will concede that maybe
         some of these people did not do as good a job of observing as someone who is better trained might have
         done, but within their, limits, I believe they did honestly report what they saw.

         Let us look at a few more facts. First, there have been several close brushes with these objects, .and in
         one case at least the aircraft pilot lost his life as a consequence. Captain Mantell was reported killed as a
         result: of chasing a7fly1ng saucer on January 7, 1947. The incident is described in detail in the Report on
         Unidentified Flying Objects by Edward. J. Ruppelt, pp. 51= 60 (American edition).

         Secondly,Jpeople who have been near these objects have described: physical sensations which are unusual
         to say the least, but which are quite consistent with what is known of the technology under which they
         operate. As nearly as we are able to re-create the accident, Mantell was pursuing a UFO and was able to
         get quite near - in fact, well into its operating field. His aircraft just fell apart and was scattered over
         quite an area. Mantell's body, when recovered, was not displayed even to his next of kin. Several people
p        who have found themselves close to these objects have remarked on the insufferable heat which seemed
         to pervade the general region. Also there seemed to be a gravitational necessity to lean away from the
         object to maintain balance. While these facts seem rather incredible, nevertheless there exists quite a
    • ., good record in support of each occurrence. Furthermore, the technology of which we have been able to
         get a glimpse - namely, that of manipulation of the three basic fields, electric, magnetic and temple -
         indicates quite a straightforward answer and explanation of the phenomena.*

         In Mantell's case, the altered field configuration in the vicinity of the craft reduced the binding forces*
         within the structure of the aircraft to a value below that of the load which the parts were supposed to
         carry. So it just came apart. Also, there was probably a substantial reduction in tempic field intensity
         which would give in effect a rising temperature to the aircraft and contents. I understand that Mantell's
         body gave every indication of having been subjected to considerable heat. This rise in temperature has
         been reported as being quite noticeable at distances of several hundred feet of these craft when they are
         making use of certain combinations of field. Also, since gravity involves a temple field function, it
         follows that an alteration in this field could well be reflected in the direction and magnitude of the nearby
         gravity field.

         There have been quite a number of alleged communications with intelligences claiming to be extra-
         terrestrial. I have followed up each instance to the best of my ability in an effort (a) to establish or
         disprove the validity of the alleged communication and (b) to obtain any information which might be
         available if the contact should be authentic.


          See article "Binding Forces," by Wilbert B. Smith. FLYING SAUCER REVIEW, March-April, 1961, issue.
           As might be expected, many of these alleged contacts provided little or nothing of value, but a few did
           pay-•offrSomrof-the contacts-have been the subject of published material; but by far the•majority arc     0
           confidential, and there are a surprising number of these contacts. The procedure in checking contacts
           wasto, ask a_number of innpcuqus but significant questions and compare the answers with the answer to.,
           thesame


                     questions obtained through other contacts. The questions were of thetype  - do people live
                                                                                                             on


           the planet-Mars? if so, what isthe shape of their houses? - do people on Mars usemoney? - if so, what
           does it look like? Altogether, some hundred or more questions were involved.

    The results were spectacular, to say the least. Among the contacts that might be classed as authentic,
    there was almost complete agreement. Among the other alleged contacts there was extremely poor
    agreement, or none at all. Of course, where agreement was general, but where one or two points didn't
    fit, an effort was made to find out the reason for the discrepancy. In each case it was found that
    someone had injected a terrestrial idea or comment instead of transmitting faithfully that which was
    received.

    Now; havib located what seemed to be channels of communication between ouiselve"s and those extra-
    terrestrial intelligences, the next and obvious step was to try and get as much information as possible. As
    niay be. ezpected,this effort was at first directed towards science and technology:" But it soon became
              :


    apparent that there was a very real and quite large gap between this alien science and the science in
    which I had been trained. Certain crucial experiments were suggested and carried out, and in each case
    the results confirmed the validity of the alien science Beyond this, the alien science was just
    incomprehensible.
r


    There followed a period of soul-searching in which many doubts were raised. While we were able to
                                                                                                                     0
    establish that these people from outside all told the same story, was that story true? It may be agreed
    that ,there ,existed ,some pretty good evidence to support their statements, but maybe there was some
    other conventional explanation. If the whole thing was a delusion, then quite a large number of people
    were suffering from precisely the same delusion. And furthermore - delusions are not externalised - at
    least, I never heard of such a case. If, on the other hand, it was a hoax, it was by far the most gigantic
    hoax the world had ever known, and to what end and by whom was it perpetrated?

    The inevitable conclusion was that it was all real enough, but that the alien science was definitely alien -
    and possibly even for ever beyond our comprehension. So another approach was tried - the
    philosophical - and here the answer was found in all its grandeur.

    I will not go into details on the many revisions in ideas and basic thinking beyond stating that the people
    from outside displayed great patience and understanding in overcoming the prejudices and
    misinformation I had spent many years in accumulating. I began for the first time in my life to realise the
    basic one-ness of the Universe and all that is in it - science, philosophy, religion, substance and energy
    are all facets of the same jewel, and before any one facet can be appreciated, the form of the jewel itself
    must be perceived.

    One of the most important things I had to realise was that we are not alone. The human race in the form
    of man extends throughout the Universe, and is incredibly ancient. Also, its appearance in physical form
    is but one of the many manifestations along the path of progress. Our civilisation here on earth now is          0
    only one of many that have come and gone. This planet has been colonised many times by people from
        elsewhere, and ourapresentdwman-race are blood-brothers of these people. Is it any wonder•that they;att
        interested in us? Toorthodoxthinkers this may seem strange, but not nearly so strange as our`orthodox
C       ideas on-.evolution.The.question.might-be asked - if these people are our brothers and.are•interested--in-•-- •-,--.
        our welfare, why do they remain so aloof? The answer is available. There is a basic law of the Universe
        which grants each and every individual independence and freedom of choice, so that he may experience
        and learn fron `his'ezpenences No'one'has"the right to interfere in the affairs of others'=m"fact, our ten'"
        conunandments:afe,.:duectivej against interference. If we disregard this law, we -must-.suffer the .
        consequences, and a little thought will show that our present world state is directly attributable to
        violation of this principle. When we enter this life we do so to participate in certain events, the sequence
        of which was established before our birth, and which if altered substantially would deprive us of
        experiences necessary to our development. We have built-in protection against altering substantially the
        sequences in that we do not consciously know of them. But these people from outside have a much
        greater knowledge. than we have, and have means of perceiving sequences which must not be changed.
        Therefore, while they have every desire in the world to help, and stand by ready, able and willing to do
        so, they are not permitted by cosmic law to interfere. The dividing line between help and interference is
        very delicate indeed,,.and sometimes hard to perceive, but it is a demonstration of individual and .
        dollective progres ta5to how well We can be guided by it. I am told that one of the difficultie's that we
                                                                                                          is


        do not recognise a sufficient number of dimensions and make use of them in our science. Furthermore,
        we do not .recognise the true nature of dimensions, or of their place in our Universe. `I am told that,, so
        far as we are concerned, there are twelve dimensions of deity, and these provide the entire structure of
        our Universe. Our conventional concepts of dimensions are most inadequate and restrictive, and so long
        as we persist in them, we can never transcend the world of mechanical processes which we have built.

        In science we have-an established procedure always to tie a new discovery or observation to that which
    s
        we already know, even though to do so requires extensive patchwork and perturbation factors to be
        applied to our existing knowledge to make the new knowledge fit. We invariably assume that the new
        knowledge must somehow be closely related to the old, and we are most zealous in tying the two
        together. As a consequence we bend and warp our units of knowledge so that we can fasten them
        together, whether or not they belong together, until we have fabricated quite a structure which is almost
        completely closed on itself. Consequently, when we do find knowledge that should, but just won't, fit
        our structure, we have no alternative but to reject it.

        I am informed that the science is really much more simple than we imagine, and all the component parts
        fit together perfectly without any corrections. Possibly we should start over again and reassemble our
        knowledge in a different pattern, and this time fit the jigsaw puzzle together properly without trimming
        the pieces. I feel sure that if we were to do this and accept the philosophy on which this new approach
        must of necessity be based, we can enjoy the technology and the way of life which is demonstrated to us
        by the presence of spacecraft and of our brothers from elsewhere.

        I would like to say a few words on the philosophy of the saucers. Possibly one of the most interesting
        aspects of the study of flying saucers, beyond the realisation that they are real and extraterrestrial, is
        their philosophy. What manner of creatures build and fly them? What do they look like? How do they
        think? Are their ideas and ideals similar to ours? Could we understand them?

        All these and other questions plague the serious investigator. If we are to rely on sighting data alone, we
        are bound to get a rather one-sided idea of these creatures. For example, we see saucers travel at terrific
        speeds, and then suddenly stop or change direction. Under our concepts of physics, no creature of flesh
         and blood and bone couldwithstandthe terrific forces which would be associated with
         Therefore we are likely to assume-that-the saucerians must be either some manner of robot, or a creature "     2T
    •
         the like of which we have never encountered.

         Again, it is hard to understand why any race of creatures having the tremendous power at their disposal
         which we demonstrated=by.•the saucers:should be content to fly rather aimlessly over our globe without
         doing something more, definite_ . If the tables were reversed, we certainly would! After a very, brief
         reconnaissance we would land and announce to the natives that. we were taking over. The fact that the
         saucerians have made no such move appears to indicate that they must regard us in the same general
         category as the other flora and fauna native to this planet, and to them our civilisation is so primitive as
         to be indistinguishable from that of the lower animals and insects. We could go on speculating in this
         manner for quite a while without coming anywhere near the truth. Fortunately, the people who come to
         us from elsewhere in flying saucers have seen fit to make contact with people of earth, and to impart as
         much information and understanding as the contacts were capable of assimilating or passing along to
         others.

        -There have been many published instances of contacts between these people from outside andxhe people
         of earth, and a very great many more which have not been published. As is always the case in any new
         and romantic field, there are those-who prevaricate and exaggerate, but it is,not too difficult to establish
         that the vast majority are honest and authentic. For instance, when a dozen or so independent contacts,
         having no common connection and each alone believing that he or she has been favoured above all
         others to receive this message, and tell the same message even to names and descriptions which tally
         perfectly, one has little: choice but to believe that they are telling the truth. Furthermore, when the
         material given to us through,the many channels is all assembled and analysed, it adds up to a complete
•


         and elegant philosophy which makes our efforts sound like the beating of jungle drums.                         0
        These people tell us of a magnificent cosmic plan, of which we are a part, which transcends the lifetime
        of a single person or nation or civilisation, or even a planet or solar system. We are not merely told that
        there is something beyond our immediate experience - we are told what it is and our relation therewith.
        Many of our most vexing problems are solved with a few words - at least, we are told of the solutions if
        we have the understanding and fortitude to apply them. We are told of the inadequacies of our science,
        and we have been given the basic grounding for a new science which is at once simpler and yet more
        embracing than the mathematical monstrosity which we have conjured up. We have been told of a way
        of life which is Utopian beyond our dreams, and the means of attaining it.

        Can it be that such a self-consistent and magnificent philosophy is the figment of imagination of a
        number of misguided morons? I do not think so. If the only evidence we had was philosophical, we
        might justifiably suspect it. But when coupled with the reality of observations - thousands of them - we
        cannot dismiss it so easily. This is especially true when we consider that the science which has been
        passed to us by these people from elsewhere explains in a manner in which we have been quite unable to
        do, why the saucers behave as they do, and how it is that they can do things which to us are virtually
        impossible. The science and the performance check perfectly. Again, we have been told where our
        scientific ideas are wrong or inadequate, and experiments have been suggested and carried out, and in
        every case the alien science has been vindicated.

,•      We may ask, if all this is known, why has it not been publicised? Why are not these matters being
        studied instead of atom bombs? The answer - it has been publicised. Books have been written and
                                                                                                                        0
    hundreds and thousands of copie&.sol4_. There are,,available many periodicals containing this material   ;
    which may be had for quite a nominal       Reports have been prepared by serious investigators and
Q
                                           sum


    presented through the proper .cbanucb but rl, istn lysS t.hat one can lead a horse to water, but one..
    cannot make him drink!


p
                   ANOTHER SPEECH BY WILBERT B. SMITH

             In the September-October issue of the FLYING SAUCER REVIEW there was
             printed a speech by the late Wilbert B. Smith, head of the Canadian Project
             Magnet and one of the most honoured of UFO investigators: He died two years
             ago and we are grateful to Vancouver lying Saucer.,Club.'for permission to
             reproduce in print extracts from this speech which was delivered to the Club in
             March 1961.
             Much of what Mr. Smith said must be regarded as controversial and the
             FLYING SAUCER REVIEW is endeavouring to discover the facts behind the
             assertions, but it should be remembered that Mr. Smith occupied a responsible
             position in the Canadian Government and was highly respected even by those
             who disagreed with him.
                                             [FSR Nov 1963]

Much of the information which we obtained from extra-terrestrial sources casts some serious doubts on
the validity of some of the basic concepts of our science. For one thing, they told us that the velocity of
light was not a constant- As a matter of fact, they seemed to be rather pointed in their statement that
light does not travel - it is! We told them that from our point of view, it appears to travel with a certain
definite velocity of a hundred and eighty-six thousand miles per second. They said: "That's the way it
looks to you because you are looking at it in and from a region having certain conditions, certain
influences. But if you were to get away from this region (meaning the vicinity of the earth) you would
find that a different set of figures prevailed."

Another thing they told us cast a great deal of doubt on our ideas of time. They told us that time wasn't
at all what we thought it was - namely, something that might be marked off with a ticking of a clock.
That time was, in fact, a field function - the result of there being a Universe. That it was something that
was derived from the basic primordial concept which brought this Universe into being, and that it
differed as you went from one part of the Universe to another.

Also, it could be altered, sometimes by natural means, sometimes by intelligently controlled means in
various parts of the Universe, so that in any given interval - evidently, what our clocks mark off are
intervals, not chunks, of time - in these intervals we can have all sorts of lengths of time. In other words,
if one of you here checks his clocks with mine and finds they are synchronised, and I then climb into a
flying saucer and take a little trip well clear of the earth and I watch my clock as I come back in, say,
three hours' time - we again compare clocks. Maybe your clock says I've been gone one hour - my
clock says I've been gone three hours. Both clocks are strictly correct. You, in that given interval, in the
time the big hand of the clock went round once, experienced one hour. In that same interval, between
the ticks of the clock, I experienced three hours, and they were three real hours, not an illusion. The
Theory of Relativity talks about time dilation, but this leads to a paradox, and I think that anyone who is
at all mathematically inclined, and has taken the trouble to look at the relativistic time paradox, has
probably been rather disturbed by it.

According to the theory of relativity, if I climb into a spacecraft and I set out from the earth here at a
velocity very nearly the velocity of light, and I go out to, say, Alpha Proxima, and then I turn round and
come back, people on earth say that I've been gone something like ten years. According to my clock,
I've only been gone a year.
•c--T-T   {li1.T!'_CAiil~IID   DT{RII{V   +.r_--n   ♦__1   .n<.
                    that is a result, apparently, of time dilation in the theory of fel"a'fi~niy; in that the spacecraft in which
t          ,.J .travel.was..moving relative to the earth at a velocity nearly_.equal.to.the.velocity of light. The paradox
                                                                                                 travelling away at exactly the
    1NoW


            t arises when you consider that relative to the spacecraft, the earth was
              same velocity. Therefore, to the people on the spacecraft, who are relatively stationary, ten years should
-             have passed, and by the time the earth comes back to then -it should only have been away a year. So
-,,,,, .,' ".you cansee,dght away that the very premise upon which the tlieory,ofrelativity is predicated - namely,
              that if A is relative to B, then B must be relative to A - leads you to an impossible paradox. This
              paradox is-resolved completely if you recognise the variable nature of time, and as you move round from
              one part of the Universe to another you'll encounter all sorts of values of time in certain given intervals.
              We become slaves to the clock to the extent that we believe that the intervals ticked out by the clock are
              time itself, so we find it very difficult to readjust. Now I don't propose to say any more about this
              particular aspect, but F would like to say something on the subject of the craft themselves.

            We asked them how they were supported, and they said they were supported on the earth's gravitational
            field. Further studies on ,our own, with occasional references to these people from elsewhere, and we
            figured `out 'what was really taking plade to the extent that we we able to go into the laboratory'and
            conduct a series of experiments which proved beyond doubt that this is true.

             Our laboratory experiments have allowed us to make about a one per cent change in the weight of
             objects - we can make them about one per cent heavier or one per cent lighter. Now that is a long way
             from holding a spacecraft up, because we have to go over one hundred per cent to do that. But the fact
             that.we can do it - the fact that the principles which these people from outside gave us and guided us to
             finding out for ourselves are valid - certainly indicate that, first, these people are what they say they are,
           a and, secondly, that their technology is that they say it is, that it is superior to ours and that ours is
             inadequate in many respects. [Quite a lengthy description on the blackboard followed at this point.]

            Now we understand that these bells (Mr. Smith is referring to the bell-shaped spacecraft said to come
            from Venus, which have been photographed by Adamski and others) operate on this principle.
            Underneath the bells are three things that people have referred to as "landing gear". They are not landing
            gear at all - they are spheres within which a charged sphere is rotating. It is spinning on magnetic
            bearings. Magnetic bearing is something else the people from outside gave us the design of It is very
            simple in section; and 'this is the north pole and this is south, and in it they have a thing that looks like
            this, with a south and this a north [here obviously Mr. Smith is again demonstrating on the blackboard].
            They are just simply ferrite bearings permanently magnetized. We built them ourselves and checked
            them in the lab, and they worked perfectly. They are very simple things. The spheres carry an electric
            charge and they spin on this type of bearings down inside these big balls. We are told that the tilt is
            simply produced by rotating the sphere a little bit, which"bends the field. The process is much more
            complicated than would appear from what I am telling you, but these are the first steps and the end
            results - even though there are other steps in between.

            Now one other thing I would like to mention - as far as I know, our group in Ottawa is the only group
            that has actually taken the information which was given to us by the people from outside and translated
            it into hardware that works. Much information has been given to us through various channels, but


P
            people just talk about it. They don't do anything about it. I think that is deplorable. I think that when
            they give us information, the least we can do is to show our good faith by trying at least to convert that
            information into hardware.

            !C__CT't1TArf   CAT Trrn   DCxnc(Il   1F___L   A--1   mnc,
          We have built ;two; items of hardware on their instructions, which I'm rather proud of One of these
          pieces of hardwar&isa coil. It has a ferrite core and a trick winding on it. To look at; it looks rather like
          an oddly wound inductor. When measured on a radio frequency bridge, however, it shows very peculiar
        7 properties. There are certain frequencies at which it is impossible to balance the PP bridge, and that is a
          direct contradiction to what any electrical engineer will tell you should happen with a coil wound on a
          ferrite core..

         The oter item that I'm rather proud of resulted from a series of questions that we asked regarding
         accidental destruction or damage to our aircraft by flying into the vicinity of flying saucers. And we were
         informed that, although a few of our aircraft had come to an unfortunate end by what they considered
         the colossal stupidity of our pilots in flying into a region where the aircraft was bound to get into
         trouble, they said that they are now taking corrective measures and whenever they see one of our
         aircraft about to commit suicide, they just get out of the way and give him a wide berth. But I asked, if
         an aircraft was damaged or destroyed, what happened? They said well, the field surrounds the saucers in
         order to hold them up. In order to produce the gravity differentials, time field differentials are necessary
         to operate the ships. These sometimes produced field combinations which reduced the strength of
         materials; to the point where they were no longer strong enough to carry the loads that the materials
         were expected to carry. Now as we know, aircraft - particularly the military type aircraft - are built with
         a rather small_factor. of. safety, and if they fly into a region of reduced binding, the material is.no longer
         strong enough to carry the load, and the craft simply comes apart.

         Now we asked a series of questions about - was it possible for our craft to detect these regions so that
         we would not fly into them, and they said that it certainly was, and they would give us the design of an
         instrument which would do this very thing. They also told us that we ourselves were creating regions
    p    which were much more dangerous than the regions which they established in the vicinity, because we
         could detect the presence of their craft and give them a wide berth, but we could not detect without
         instruments the presence of these vortices which we ourselves had produced. They gave us the design of
         the instrument* which was fundamentally this - they said to select two materials, one stronger than the
         other, and to arrange so that these materials pulled against each other in such a manner that the weaker
         material was very near its breaking point, and the strong material was a long way from its breaking
         point. On that basis we devised instruments, and we built a number of them in the shop and sent them
         around to various people that we know did quite a bit of travelling. We asked them if they would
         investigate the regions through which aircraft must have passed just prior to breaking up in midair, and
         we have unfortunately large records of our airplanes having done just this.

         One of these unexplained crashes occurred at a place called Essudon, which is about 20 miles south and
         west of Quebec City. We investigated the region through which this B.O.A.C. aircraft must have passed
         just •prior to its crash, and, sure enough - big as life and twice as natural - we found a very large and very
         strong vortex. Our instruments showed it beyond a doubt. It was about a thousand feet in diameter and
         roughly circular, with a rather sharp line of demarcation at the edge of it.

         You will recall also that about two or three years ago, possibly a little longer, a jet aircraft crashed into a
         nunnery at Orleans, just out from Ottawa, killed a number of people and did a great deal of damage. In
         fact, the jet engine itself was finally dug out of the sub-soil about thirty feet below the foundations of
         this convent. We investigated that one. Once again we found a very strong vortex of reduced binding.
         We had a number of reports come in from the people in the field who found exactly the same thing, I
r


         wrote a very stiff memorandum to the appropriate people in my own department, pointing out some of
         these facts. I did not state where we got the information, but simply stated that we had instruments
         iC--   CT tTTMCI O ATTCCD bttlTtfl   1.(__..L   A__I   1nr1
    which showed the .e dstence of jhese regions of reduced binding, and suggested that someth;ng^be Boner;,-, ;.;
    about it. The letter wound ip onttie "crank" file. I'm afraid that is the fate of most of these things `tfiey'
Q   wind up on the_`,`.crank" file, However,_that, does not in any way change the fact that. thesej.egions of
    reduced binding exist. People from outside told us they existed, they gave us the design of instruments,
    we built the instruments and we have confirmed the fact.

    QUESTION: Couldyou.explain wliy,they have curtailed the explosions of nuclear bombs?

    I can only guess at why the nuclear explosions have been curtailed. I saw a picture which I know was
    never released to be public, showing a very large nuclear explosion in the Bikini series. This picture
    showed the enormous fireball which I think must have been well over a hundred miles in diameter, and
    shooting out from it were what looked like solar prominences - in other words, they were great tongues
    of activity of some kind. Now these tongues looked to me, from the scale of this picture, to be around
    25-50 miles. They were quite comparable in size to the fireball. Now, my guess is that these tongues or
    prominences were in fact chain reactions taking place in the earth's atmosphere. What mechanism was
    involved, I can only guess, I'm not a nuclear physicist - I only know that this picture was considered by
    those knowledgeable to be very significant, and very worrisome. I think another reason, possibly; for the
    curtailing of the tests has been the rising public opinion. It would be highly undesirable to go any further
    into this business: of nuclear weapons than we have already -gone - possibly we have gone too far
    already. I would say that there is a very good possibility that these explosions have a far more disastrous
    effect down in the interior of the earth than anything we can see on the surface. I have the most serious
    misgivings about these atom bomb explosions.


P   QUESTION: Mr. Smith, can you give a word or two on their apparent ability to de-materialise?

    I find it very intriguing, this business of appearing and disappearing. If you consider a point here, about
    which the time is not uniformly distributed - in other words, as you come out from here you have less
    and less and less time, or, looking at it the other way, the tempic field is greater in here than it is out
    there. If you have a beam of light which consists of a series of wave fronts passing through this region,
    since there is less time in this part and greater tempic field intensity or less time, this doesn't get to go as
    far in a given interval as this fellow does [Mr. Smith is evidently demonstrating on the blackboard]. This
    light beam bends, so that here it moves in this direction and over there it moves in that direction. What
    apparently happens is that the light is bent around this particular point. It is very much the same as the
    trick the magician does when he makes the elephant disappear on the stage. You are really looking at a
    mirror, and you see the curtains at the back, and they just simply switch the light off on the elephant and
    switch it on the curtains so that you don't see the elephant through the plate-glass any more - you just
    see the curtains and you think the elephant has disappeared.

    But when you look at a saucer which has increased the tempic field in the vicinity of the saucer, you find
    that the light tends to approach the saucer in this fashion, go round it and out the other side, so that
    what little light comes directly from the saucer occupies such a very, very small portion of your field of
    vision that you think the saucer, if you see it at all, you think it's tiny - about the size of a dime, maybe,
    or maybe the end of that piece of chalk - when in reality the thing may be a hundred and fifty feet in
    diameter. You are literally looking past the saucer.

P   Now we saw one of the little monitors do exactly that trick. We had very good reason to believe that a
    certain conversation that we were having with a friend of mine was being monitored by one of these
    little fellows. So when we came out of the house, we made a definite effort to locate it. It was down in a
    •o--   L4 VTTQf O ATTrcD   Dfl   JTTRT/ 11--_L   •_ .fl   ,n''
    ditch just in front of the heus~,_artd,as.:sppp we spotted it, apparently the people who were contmiling...Y. ;
    it became aware of the fact, as soon as we spotted it we saw what appeared to be just like a heat wave,
•   something like a foot rn_diameter Popped out of the centre of this was what appeared a little disc, about.,,
    so big, and it just took off like that and disappeared into the great blue yonder. I think the whole
    operation probably occurred in less than maybe two seconds, but we were looking right at it, and there
    were three of us, and we all saw the same thing. And, knowing this trick about the field, we figured that-
    that was how it was done „ ,


•
                                                                                                                      0


P


    •O.._ f   [1TQl1 P ATTrtn   Dnnrfl   ,.,._.a.   A   l   inci
          THE PHILOSOPHY OF THE SAUCERS
                                         by Wilbert B.Smith
c


           A few years ago the Canadian Government established the world's first official
           flying saucer sighting station Shirley Bay, about 10 miles west of Ottawa.
                                          at


           In charge of the station was Mr. Wilbert B. Smith, the contributor of the article on
           this page. He was at the time of his appointment also engineer in charge of the
           Transport      Department's      broadcast     and       measurement        section,
           intercommunications division.

            Subsequently, the Canadian Government became embarrassed by questions being
            asked in the Canadian Parliament about the Shirley Bay station. So it was
       ;. .,.officially:- closed down. But Mr. Smith's research into .flying saucers went on `
             unofficially. He has now reached the conclusions that the space ships are real and
            that some have landed.

           Our contributor is now Superintendent of radio regulations engineering with the
           Canadian Government Department of Transport.

    Possibly one of the most interesting aspects of the study of flying saucers, beyond the realisation that
P   they are real and extra-terrestrial, is their philosophy. What manner of creatures build and fly them?
    What do they look like? How do they think? Are their ideas and ideals similar to Ours? Could we under-
    stand them? All these and many other questions plague the serious investigator.

    If we are to rely on sighting data alone we are bound to get a rather one-sided idea of these creatures.
    For example, we see saucers travelling at terrific speeds and then suddenly stop or change direction.
    Under our concepts of physics no creature of flesh, blood and bone could withstand the terrific forces
    which would be associated with such actions. Therefore, we are likely to assume that the Saucerians
    must be either some manner of robot or a creature the like of which we have never encountered.

    If Tables Reversed

    Again, it is hard to understand why any race of creatures having the tremendous power at their disposal
    which we see demonstrated by the saucers, should be content to fly rather aimlessly over our globe,
    without doing something more definite. If the tables were reversed, we most certainly would. After a
    very brief reconnaissance we would land and announce to the natives that we were taking over. The fact
    that the Saucerians have made no such move appears to indicate that they must regard us in the same
    general category as the other flora and fauna native to this planet, and to them our civilisation is so
    primitive as to be indistinguishable from that of the lower animals and insects.

    We could go on speculating in this manner for quite a while without coming anywhere near the truth.
    Fortunately the people who come to us from elsewhere in flying saucers have seen fit to make contact
    with people of earth, and to impart as much information and understanding as the contacts were capable
    of assimilating or passing along to others. There have been many published instances of contacts
    between these people from outside and people of earth, and a very great many more which have not
                                                       1$'
      been published. As is always the case in any new and romantic field, there are those who prevaricate and
      exaggerate, but it is not too difficult to establish that the_vast majority are honest and authentic. For
      instance, when a dozen or so independent contacts having no common connection, and each alone
    t believing that he or she has been favoured above all others to receive this message, all tell the same
      message, even to names and descriptions which tally perfectly one has little choice but to believe that
      they are all telling the truth.                          _..


      Magnificent Philosophy

       Furthermore, when the material given to us through the many channels is all assembled and analysed, it
       adds up to a complete and elegant philosophy which makes our efforts sound like the beating of jungle
       drums. These people tell us of a magnificent Cosmic Plan, of which we are a part, which transcends the
       lifetime of a single person, or a nation, or a civilisation, or even a planet or solar system. We are not
       merely told that there is something beyond our immediate experience; we are told what it is, why it is,
      and our relation thereto. Many of our most vexing problems are solved with a few words; at least we are
       told o£ the solutions if we have the understanding and fortitude to apply them. We are told of the
    ,,,inadequacies of our science,,and we have been given the, basic grounding .fora new science..which is at
      once simpler and yet more embracing than the mathematical monstrosity which we have conjured up.
      We have been told of a way of life which is utopian beyond our dreams, and the means of attaining it.
      Can it be that such a self-consistent, magnificent philosophy is the figment of the imaginations 'of a
      number of misguided morons? I do not think so.

      If the only evidence we had was philosophical, we might justifiably suspect it, but when coupled with the
      reality of the observations, thousands of them, we cannot dismiss it so easily. This is especially true
0     when we consider that the science which has been passed to us from these people from elsewhere
      ekplains in a manner which we have been quite unable to do why the saucers behave as they do, and how
      it is that they can do things which to us are virtually impossible. The science and the performance check
      perfectly!

      Again, we have been told where our scientific ideas are wrong, or inadequate, and experiments have
      been suggested and carried out, and in every case the alien science has been vindicated.

      You cannot make him drink

     We may ask, if all this is known, why has it not been publicised, why are not these matters being studied
     instead of atom bombs? The answer: it has been publicised. Books have been written and hundreds and
     thousands of copies sold. There are available many periodicals containing this material which may be had
     for quite a nominal sum. Reports have been prepared by serious investigators and presented "through
     the proper channels." But it is truly said that one can lead a horse to water but one cannot make him
     drink! Those who are in control of our society are satisfied with it the way it is, and will resist any
     attempt to change anything which is likely to disturb the equanimity of their lives. There are those who
     can't be bothered to get the facts and make up their own minds; they would rather dismiss the whole
     matter as nonsense, because some-one who holds their respect says it is nonsense. There are those who
     fear for their social security, and will therefore have no part of anything which might place it in jeopardy.
     There are those who say our science works and gives us many things which we would not otherwise
p    have. What is wrong with that? Why discard it? There are probably as many private reasons for not
     facing up to the facts as there are people who refuse to do so. However, it is consoling to realise that,
     through the humble and often criticised comic strip and science-fiction stories, the younger generation is
                                                          In
    i.beng conditioned to accept the reality of people from elsewhere, and when given the opportunity to do
        avidly assimilate all they can get on flying saucers and the people who fly them.
       so


       The Future

      -The question may well be asked, what of the future? This question has-been posed many times, and to
      'the people from outside. The answer;     `o    e don't know for sure but 'we
                                                                                      are aware of trends". We
       ourselves are also aware of trends, but considering our limited means for gathering data we must of
       necessity do a vastly inferior job of predicting events. Our experience has been that when they choose to
       do so, the people from outside can be quite accurate in their predictions.

       We may summarise the entire flying saucer picture as follows. We have arrived at a time in our
       development when we must make a final choice between right and wrong. The people from elsewhere
       are much concerned about the choice which we will make, partly because it will have its repercussions
       on them and partly because they are our blood brothers and are truly concerned with our welfare. There
    M is  a cosmic law against interfering in the affairs of others, so they are not allowed to help us directly
       even though they could easily do so. We must make our own choice of our own free will. Present trends
    ,: indicate a series of events which may require the help of these people and they standby ready and
       willing to render-that help. In fact, they have already helped us a great deal, along lines which do not
       interfere with our freedom of choice. In time, when certain events have transpired, and we are so
       oriented that we can accept these people from elsewhere, they will meet us freely on the common
       ground of mutual understanding and trust, and we will be able to learn from them and bring about,the
       Golden Age all men everywhere desire deep within their hearts.


C
I
                                                          ,f
                  at°°=was


                __..._..
                                 the truth about Project 1Vla e?
                                             (FSR - July 1964]


    MR: WILFRID.DANIELS has-been carrying out investigations into the Canadian Project Magnet
    headed b7fh'e'late Wilbeif B. Smith. Many UFO researchers have believed that tlii Project was insome `
    way a Canadian Government sponsored activity and books and periodicals devoted to flying saucers,
    including the FLYING SAUCER REVIEW, have assumed that this was so. The information, as far as
    Mr. Daniels can discover, must have stemmed from a Canadian Encyclopaedia after Mr. Wilbert Smith's
    death or from him direct during his lifetime.

    Mr. Daniels, on April 29, 1964, received from the Canadian Government's Department of Transport in
    Ottawa the following reply to his enquiry. The letter is signed on behalf of Mr. F. G. Nixon, Director,
    Telecommunications and Electronics Branch. The letter reads as follows:
         - "Your . letter of April 2 requesting clarification of whether the Department of Transport
           investigated unidentified flying objects between 1950 and 1954 and whether Mr. W. B. Smith
           was.ip,charge of such.an investigation has been referred to this Branch for, attention. „

           "In reply to your question we would reiterate that at no time has this Department carried out
           research in the field of unidentified flying objects. As stated by Mr. Dupuis in Hansard on
           December 4, 1963, a small programme of investigation in the field of geo-magnetics was carried
           out by the Telecommunications Division of this Department between 1950 and 1954. This minor
t          investigation was for the purpose of studying magnetic phenomena, particularly those
           phenomena resulting from unusual boundary conditions in the basic electromagnetic theory..

           "Mr.= Smith operated this small program of investigation in the field of geo-magnetics; but he also
           had a personal interest in this matter and he was permitted to use, in his spare time, the
           specialized equipment employed for the investigation during periods when it was not required by
           the Department. This personal project was at no expense to the Department, nor did it have any
           Departmental sponsorship, it was merely a private effort on the part of Mr. Smith.

           "We trust the foregoing will clarify any misunderstanding about the activities of this Department
           in the field of unidentified flying objects"

    The policy of the FLYING SAUCER REVIEW has always been to publish the truth as it sees it, but is
    often deeply suspicious of most Government statements on the subject of UFOs. We ask our Canadian
    readers if they can throw any further light on this mystery.
Project Magnet                                                                              http://www.newage.com.au/ufo/magnet.htmi


                                     NewAge On-Line Australia - http://www.newage.com.au


         (Xian report)


                                     "PROJECT MAGNET
                                CANADIAN SCIENTISTS CONTACT VENUS
                                       Government Secret Project


         In January 1972, the Department of Interplanetary Affairs was created, to research into the scientific
         investigation of UFOs and attempt to contact UFO occupants if possible. Extensive files on reports of
         UFO landings, sightings, and contacts in Hawaii were soon accumulated, and it was discovered that
         many UFO researchers desired our reports. We began to trade data, and were amazed when former
         officials of secret government or military intelligence agencies came to our office, and offered to trade
         1jswhat THEY KNEW for what        we   knew.  The information was often classified TOP SECRETand
         beyond, they admitted government and military UFO secrecy, and much of the information alarmed us
         then! Regardless of whether they came from NASA, were government commissioned civilian scientists,
         military pilots of intelligence agents, or from the United Nations. THEY ALL TOLD THE SAME

F        SHOCKING DETAILS. There were no contradictions in these reports of alien bases on Earth, other
         planets, crashed retrieved saucers with bodies, and secret alien government contacts. And most of these
         informers, who wish to remain anonymous due to threats of assassination, fines, court martials, or
         mysterious disappearances warned us that we would get in big trouble for publicly releasing what they
         told us!

         In the early 1950s the Canadian Government established PROJECT MAGNET to investigate UFOs. The
         director of that project, Wilbert B. Smith, publicly wrote that a top US. Pentagon official said that UFOs
         was the biggest secret they had. Even greater than the H BOMB (the ultimate weapon then). We were
         able to obtain a copy of Wilburt B. Smith's research on Project Magnet.

         This research was so startling he could possibly have been assassinated for releasing it, so it was not
         available to us until he died. PROJECT MAGNET has been able to work with Canadian scientists who
         had continued working on inventions of Nikola Tesla, one of the most prominent scientists in history.
         Tesla, who invented the AC/DC electrical current, helped invent radar and much military technology,
         was the holder of hundreds of successful patented invention. He had told some associates and friends he
         had invented an interplanetary communications device with ideas given to him by Venusians he was in
         contact with then. People who heard these conversations often laughed, yet Project Magnet took Tesla
         seriously. This report details a formerly secret experimental UFO landing site built by the Canadian
         government during their attempts to contact UFOs their air Force had monitored in the skies. Former
         Canadian Defense Minister, Paul Hellyear, later publicly admitted that project existed. However, he did
         not mention what Smith reported...the project had actually detected a real UFO with their scientific
         equipment, and later a scientific research group he directed established communications with a landed
         interplanetary ship from what their pilots said was Venus. Tesla's closest scientific assistant at one time,
         Arthur Matthews, was involved in this contact. The Project Magnet report added that Matthews had


1 of 2                                                                                                              3/1.5/982:01 AM
    Project Magnet                                                                           hap:/hnvw.newage.corn.atfo/magnet.hmu


             been trying to complete some of Tesla's incomplete inventions, when the Venusians helped him with
             instructions on finishing that work. The report also"details several inventions the Venusians gave to
             Project Magnet through Dr. Matthews.'_4ommittee, which.wereiested and worked perfectly. The
             Venusians were also seriously concerned about our environmental damage and danger from nuclear
             testing and fossil fuels, warned the government to try to stop these practices, and offered alternative
             non-polluting nearly-free energy systems that government leaders, kept in power by multi-billion dollar
             oil, gas, coal, and war industries all rejected for "Economic reasons."

                                                                                                                                      1
             Reproduced by kind permission of Daryl at the Department of Interplanetary Affairs


                                                                                                                                     ms


r


                                                                                                                                0

2 o12                                                                                                              3/15/98 2:01 AM
LTV   ruuuui'e l.,eIILGI'                                                                       rage i ui J


 FILE ORIGNATES FROM:
 UPLOADED BY: Tom Mickus
 DATE OF UPLOAD: JAN/14/1990

 Famous Canadian Wilbur B. Smith Memo

 NOTE: The file is reproduced verbatim, except for handwritten comments which have been scrawled
 in various places by different individuals.

 TOP SECRET
 (downgraded to CONFIDENTIAL 15/9/69)

 D E P A R T M E N T O F T R A N S P O R T Intra-departmental Correspondence

 OTTAWA, Ontario, November 21, 1950 Place Date

 MEMORANDUM TO THE CONTROLLER OF
 TELECOMMUNICATIONS:
 For the past several years we have been engaged in the study of various aspects of radio wave
 propagation. The vagaries of this phenomenon have led us into the fields of aurora, cosmic radiation,
 atmospheric radio-activity and geo-magnetism. In the case of geo-magnetics our investigations have
 contributed little to our knowledge of radio wave propagation as yet, but nevertheless have indicated
 several avenues of investigation which may well be explored with profit. For example, we are on the
 track of a means whereby the potential energy of the earth's magnetic field may be abstracted and
 used.

 On the basis of theoretical considerations a small and very crude experimental unit was constructed
 approximately a year ago and tested in our Standards Laboratory. The tests were essentially successful
 in that sufficient energy was abstracted from the earth's field to operate a voltmeter, approximately 50
 milliwatts. Although this unit was far from being self-sustaining, it nevertheless demonstrated the
 soundness of the basic principles in a qualitative manner and provided useful data for the design of a
 better unit.

 The design has now been completed .for a unit which should be self-sustaining and in addition provide
 a small surplus of power. Such a unit, in addition to functioning as a'pilot power plant' should be large
 enough to permit the study of the various reaction forces which are expected to develop.

 We believe that we are on the track of something which may well prove to be the introduction to a
 new technology. The existence of a different technology is borne out by the investigations which are
 being carried on at the present time in relation to flying saucers.

 While in Washington attending the NARB Conference, two books were released one titled "Behind
 the Flying Saucer" by Frank Scully, and the other "The Flying Saucers are Real" by Donald keyhoe.
 Both books dealt mostly with the sightings of unidentified objects and both books claim that flying
 objects were of extra-terrestrial origin and might well be space ships

Ilup://www.qun.Iieu-        gewuaniWt siiieIilo.nuiu
 vi     v   i


                vuvvtc   a.cuLcc


                                                                                                     rage L of s


      from another planet. Scully claimed that the preliminary studies of one saucer which fell into the hands
      of the United States Government indicated that they operated on some hitherto unknown magnetic
      principles. It appeared to me that our own work in geo- magnetics might well be the linkage between
      our technology and the technology by which the saucers are designed and operated. If it is assumed
      that our geo-magnetic investigations are in the right direction, the theory of operation of the saucers
      becomes quite straightforward, with all observed features explained qualitatively and quantitatively.

      I made discreet enquiries through the Canadian Embassy staff in Washington who were able to obtain
      for me the following information:
                                                            1
      a. The matter is the most highly classified subject in the United States Government, rating higher even
      than the H-bomb.

      b. Flying saucers exist.

      c. Their modus operandi is unknown but concentrated effort is being made by a small group headed by
      Doctor Vannevar Bush.

      d. The entire matter is considered by the United States authorities to be of tremendous significance.

      I was further informed that the United States authorities are investigating along quite a number of lines
      which might possibly be related to the saucers such as mental phenomena and I gather that they are
      not doing too well since they indicated that if Canada is doing anything at all in geo-magnetics they
      would welcome a discussion with suitably accredited Canadians.

      While I am not yet in a position to say that we have solved even the first problems in geo-magnetic
      energy release, I feel that the correlation between our basic theory and the available information on
      saucers checks too closely to be mere coincidence. It is my honest opinion that we are on the right
      track and are fairly close to at least some of the answers.

      Mr. \Vright, Defence Research Board liaison officer at the Canadian Embassy in Washington, was
      extremely anxious for me to get in touch with Doctor Solandt; Chairman of the Defence Research
      Board, to discuss with him future investigations along the line of geo-magnetic energy release.

      I do not feel that we have as yet sufficient data to place before Defence Research Board which would
      enable a program to be Initiated within that organization, but I do feel that further research is
      necessary and I would prefer to see it done within the frame work of our own organization with, of
      course, full co-operation and exchange of information with other interested bodies.

      I discussed this matter fully with Doctor Solandt, Chairman of Defence Research Board, on November
      ?0th and placed before him as much information as I have been able to gather to date. Doctor Solandt
      agreed that work on geo-magnetic energy should go forward as rapidly as possible and offered full co-
      operation of his Board in providing laboratory facilities. Acquisition of necessary items of equipment,
      and specialized personnel for incidental work in the project. I indicated to Doctor Solandt that we
      would prefer to keep the project within the Department of Transport for the time being until we have
      obtained sufficient information to permit a complete assessment of the value of the work.

      It is therefore recommended that a PROJECT he set up within the frame work of this Section to study
nup:// www.quII.neu~gewuaIU wosnteiuo.nunr
      Ur . ruuuuic I..GIILct                                                                          rab'c J ul J


       this problem and that the work be carried on a part time basis until such time as sufficient tangible
       results'can be seen to warrant more definitive action. Cost of the program in its initial stages are
       expected to be less than a few hundred dollars and can be carried by our Radio Standards Lab
       appropriation.

       Attached hereto is a draft of terms of reference for such a project which, if authorized, will enable us
       to proceed with this research work within our own organization.

       (signed) W B S MIT H

       (W.B. Smith)
       Senior Radio Engineer


r


(C
l


     nttp:// www.gLII1.neu^ geluuan/ wostnelllu. num                                                      7/LJ/77
t BINDING FORCES
  BY WILBERT B;SMITH
  Matter, as we know it, is held together by "forces" the nature of which we do not
  clearly understand. We have developed some very elegant theories to explain most of
  the observed phenomena, and we add sufficient correction factors" to make the theory
  fit the rest. But every now and then we come face to face with something which our
  theory just will not explain, and rather than admit that our theory is inadequate, discard
  it and start over again. We just can't bring ourselves to throw out such an elegant
  mathematical masterpiece, so we usually just turn our backs on the new fact and refuse
  to recognise it. This is well demonstrated in the matter of binding forces.

  Some years ago, following several rather bad aeroplane crashes for which there was no
  satisfactory explanation, the people from "elsewhere" were asked through contacts" if
  these crashes were possibly due to our craft flying too close to their craft. We were
  informed that while a very few of our craft had suffered in this manner much greater
  care was now being exercised by the saucer pilots so that this cause was virtually
  eliminated. We were informed, however, that our pilots flew around in complete
  disregard of the regions of
                                                                                                                 O
  reduced binding with which this
  planet is afflicted, and very often
  their craft were not designed with
  a sufficient factor of safety and
  came apart.
         A counter argument
  When we countered by saying that we
  knew nothing of such regions, we were
  informed that means for detecting them
  were easily within our technology and
  that we should build suitable
  instruments and then pay attention to
  what they registered. They also passed a
  few uncomplimentary remarks about
  our propensity for shooting off atom
  bombs which actually created a pair of
  such "vortices" with each explosion.
  The principle of the" Binding Meter"
  was then explained to us, and we were left to work out its detailed design. The principle is quite simple:
  all matter is held together by the relative configurations of the three basic fields of nature, tempic,
  electric and magnetic. These configurations are characteristic of what we call the molecular structure,
  and the inter-actions of these fields is not linear. Therefore, since the fields interacting are the sums of
  the local fields and the background fields, such inter-action can be used to indicate certain                  O
P       characteristics of the backg`roun`d through this very non-linearity.

           Structurally the binding meter consists of a nylon fibre which is stressed close to its elastic limit
        (after having been overstressed to establish stability) pulling against a steel spring which is stressed
        well below its elastic limit. The nylon, fibre is wound around a spindle which carries a pointer, so that
        any longitudinal movement of the fibre will cause the spindle to turn and the pointer to move across an
        arbitrary scale. In setting the instrument nylon fishing leader was use an re-stressed to the brealdng
                                  up


        point and this point noted. The instrument was then threaded and one end fastened to the spring and
        the other placed under tension to 75 per cent, of the previously noted breaking stress, and the end
        clamped under a friction washer which was somewhat softer than the nylon, to grip it solidly without
        deforming the nylon. The whole instrument was then set aside for a few days to make sure that it was
        stable, alter which the pointer was slipped to mid scale and the instrument was considered ready for
        service.

                                             Many successful instruments
        By making the body of the instrument of aluminium tubing about in. diameter and 10 in. long, the
        combination gives very good temperature compensation, and a range of temperature of 100 F. makes
        less than, 1/2 division on an arbitrary scale of 12. There is no perceptible change over the complete
        range of humidity and no barometric sensitivity was observed Dimensions apparently are not critical,
        and successful instruments have been made with quite a variety of parameters. Unfortunately, we have
        no way of calibrating these instruments at-the pre
        sent time, and the best we can do 'is use them for qualitative indication.

        My colleagues and I have investigated the general areas through which aircraft have flown just prior to
        unexplained crashes and we have found several regions of reduced binding, the meters showing several
n       scale divisions c an e. These regions seem to be roughly circular and about 1,000 ft, in diameter, and
        pro a 1 extend upward quite a distance. A few have been detected by air when planes have flown
Y       through them, but fortunately in these cases the craft were strong enough to remain intact.

        Whether this is generally true or not we cannot say, but it does appear that things are somewhat
        stronger in the northern.latitudes than they are farther south, and certain areas seem to be permanently
        afflicted with reduced binding. We do not know if the regions of reduced binding move about or just
        fade away, but we do know that when we looked for several of them after three or four months we could
        find no trace of them.

        It would therefore a p pear that this business of reduced binding would stand quite a bit of further
        serious.investigation. Unfortunately, because of the unorthodox source of this inf ormafron, efforts so
        far to obtain official recognition have resulted only in more letters being added to the "crank file"


    o
t
                                                         . & Mrs ..... icnowl-e_s.~
                          wineaayç`July 28th, 1954.    M. & Mrs. smith
                                                       Mrs. Swan
                             2 P.M.                       and daughter....<-


OEEU f—• ---M 4 -- Lf 4    AFFA

We meet again.

Mr. Smith expressed appreciation and queried the pmotocol.

A.   Mine is the same as yours.

Q. 1.   Is there anything Affa could ask me on which I could give him
        information.

A.      My question of anyone who is willing to aid us seems at this
        date to be an imposition upon the individual. My only request
        is that the people of the entire world learn the truth about
        what is to come: I'`do not expect this of any one iR4#tua&
        mndividual.

Q.   2. that would Affa like me to do?

A.      Have your Government tell its people to get down on their knees O
        and pray as they have never prayed before. This earth is really
        going to end as stated in the Holy Bible around the year 1956.
        Have all Governments tell their people over television, radio
        or whatever means it has -at its disposal. One government can
        tell another and the world could know within two weeks if they
        got busy.

Q.      First Job is to convince a government that this is true.       I know
        my government and I know it is going to be tough.

A.      We understand this so do not feel that we expect you to do this.
        We have tried many times before. Do not blame yourself as we
        will never blame you but do appreciate your consideration.


Q.   4. I would like to do something tangible and I think that if ffa
        and his people could assist us in some way we might be able to
        impress our government with this situation.

A.      We have orders to go over every nation and make them aware of us
        in no uncertain manrwv in the latter part of August. Just keep
        on as you are and it won't take too long after that to convince
        some of them at least.
                                                                        Q
     Q. 5. I am afraid Affa under     esbTfuaces  the stupidity of our people.
               They would gaze at your_yi31t_,.in the sky.. and remark on its
               wonder but as for doing anything about it, knowing our government
               people, it would be very difficult to convince them of the true
               iieport of this entire thing. Does APfa.,know how we can over
               come this inertia on"the part of these government people.
     A.        No, I am e a loss of instruction in this respect. Do not worry
               as it is written many will be lost and many will be saved. That
               is how it will be but many more could mice themselves ready and
               not have to endure so much hardships.

               Weather bad now, it will continue.

                                 Page.             2.

    Q.    6., _ At,the.present time so many of our government officials are
                secure in their jobs, they are confortable in their lethargy
                and would resist other convictions. Perhaps your people could
                produce just something to wake up our people to prove this point.
                Has Affa any suggestion as-to what this could be?
    A.         This is a difficult question to be considered. I know that
               many have seen our bells and mother craft. I know that some of
               your people have had short wave radio contact  I know that
               the Holy Bible tells of these things. I know that it is
               published and sent to every nation. what are we to think? Are
               the people always sleeping?


    Q.    7.   I don't think it is so much sleeping as it is reluctance to face
               facts. I wonder if it would be possible for Affa to place in our
               hands some gadget not made by humans here on earth? Something
               tangible as proof of your meaning. I am sure such a proof would
               be more effective than any other way.

    A.         You have many gadgets the same as ours.   What would you like to
               have to be shown you?


    Q.    8. Perhaps the generators which you use and which represents a
             technology that we do not have.
    A.         Alomar has painstakingly stated to the best of his ability that
               our generators are self operated by magnetic forces or a series
               of magnets placed in such a fashion as to insure continuous
               performance. Try out some globular magnets and you will see
               for yourself that it is a very simple process.


p   Q.

    A.
          9.   Thanks, I will do just that. I do not understand the underlying
               principles. If they will help me I will appreciate it very much.
               Alomar is not an artist. I am not either but I will have a try
               at it. Please get me a round object.
  REFER      TO DIAGRAM


Q. 19.      What are the large circles made of?
      9,
            We use mabonite.   It consists of. -some silver. (A. drawing)

Q.          What are the smaller circles made of?           (B.drawing)

A.          They are the same things that Alomar explained.   Do you have
            anything at all that produces magnet impulses?

            No.

Q.          Are they electically conducting?

A.          Like Figure on Page 7.


Q. 10.      The only thing we can produce is a steady magnetic field aa4    "
            (drawing of electric magnet);. We do,notjmow what is happening,:`
            within this nagnetic field. It remains stationary as far as
            we know.

A..      Magnets produce a field of activity.       We use currents to keep
         the magnets alive.
      n~rTl~ cf-                                     -
         t}, rr — They attract opposites, placed so as to produce motion
      )O" within themselves. They continue to rotate- in a manner to keep G
                                Page. 3.
Q.    11.    I am not sure that I do. Maybe if we could find out just how
             these mabonite spheres are built. Does mabonite conduct
             electXricitl
A.           Yes, they produce sort of a static condition .


                                                    This is the side view.


                                                    This one is on an angle.

                  i


             Inside there are magnets that are spherical in shape.
                                    TLrr$ ~i '     71/c--y+~ cl


                                             ~ € w/,J Aos'.. a _.,ztt.
                                                 The /terT rig•
                                                 se. ties


             7X.c i oec7Z' iXc vj
             by /17 /e)-s/if .
             C              so-me
             6t        face
             0/O tt')l .


    0
I


        ficc      90 orEu-G~
        7o        t -.'cf   7'hF

    7°1;Yrd aAscrds
    IT     7 4 ee c r4-sr


    (a-,i b< oIScrJrd
    Cc pus4tc(au~rinY (t.


    0
                 ---Could you--indicate-where is N and S-poles? on these magnets. '

     A.         Y4=Mi'ked on drawing..   Adds to drawing,"this is th®°   &&r
                                                                               view"


                  By inversion we mean to super impose a force from above on
                  the force below.

 Q. 13•.= I -•think I know how he makes them but I don't: know how_ .,they.,
          work. 'How many of these units are in the big"king?
 A.               Any series.

 Q.       14.     Are these magnets fastened in a tight position or are they
                  free to spin around in their containers?

 A.               We have regulators. They spin freely but the deflectors keep
                  them in the right positions. This is a current of electricity
                  or charge that keeps the North and South in their respective
                  polarity to the other magnets.


 'Q.      1.5., -Affa must remember that I-have never seen anythi.ng even remotely
                resembling this so I'find it very difficult to imagine how it
                is built.

 A.

                                                    Makes diagram)
                                                 (
                                                To keep the north end up there
                                                instead of rolling to the side.

 q.       16.     Does that (framework) spin round and round?
 A.               Yes.

                  Has it an electric charge on it from the electric storage batters
 A.               Yes.   We use electricity as little as possible.

                                      Page    4.

          7.    Are the other ones built the same but arranged to rotate?        How?
A.              I am at-a lost myself here    wait.

                          have
Alomar is •pare.         I ea Affa's drawing, wait until I scrutinixe,


Q.     1$.      In what form does power appear?
A.              Indicated on drawing.
Q.    19.       Is that an electric field, magnetic field, or what is it?
A.              Magnetic force.
Q.   20.   We "alvways- consider magnetic fields to be continuous. .I s'
           go::back:,.to the picture of a -agnet. Where is the ohe„e-nd,.
           of thtmagietio force?
           I am at a loss, try me again.
Q.   21. Mr...,S;cith remarks.,about his own inadequacy in understanding.
A.         MyUMerstsnding is not good of what you wish to know.-= tet
           Affa $ry again. Be thinks he knows what you want.


                                                      South pole over aebbah
                                                      north.

                                                      These push away.
                                                      This is what causes
                                                      them to spin.
           By inversion you use the south on the north making a complete
           attraction .
     22.    Does inversion include north over, south on all the circles
            drawn?
A.         Yes. This makes a field that has all the potential power in
           one operation.
Q.   23.   Mr. Smith remakrs that his knowledge of magnetism is so
           inadequate.
A.         Take the way the earth rotates a on its N and S poles, if
           another is close by it produces a power that sets the smaller
           in motion for instance, the moon. We use the earth and two
           moons.
Q.   24.   Do the magnets in this atop plate spin also?
A.         Yes.

                                    Page.

Q.   2~. Does it spin in the same direction?
A.         Yes., in the same direction adding to the power output.

i
Q.   2 .   Is this is a source of magnetic field?
A.         Yes. Maybe you do not realize the series also spin as you
           prefer to call it.
     .___.26.- Does.the whole"works spin?       --


    A.          Yea, if you wish=that much power or you can divert it into

C               a similar sphere in the centre and transmute it into any
                direction yofl refer'by tubes as in your television sets
                or similar.

    Q.    27.   If you do that.tll it provide a push?
    A.          It provides a field of activity ready to use.


    Q.    28.   If we put a coil of wire in there will ire be able to draw
                electric current from that wire?
    A.          Yes, or you can use magnetic wave lengths.   This is our main
                source of power - (waved lengths).


    Q.    29.   Which is something we know nothing about.    We get our main
         & 30   energy from water falling.
    A.          This would be   niii central sun that absorbs all energy not
                                       a


                used and at the same time produces more than it uses.


                We don't even know how our sun works?

                That seems to be our gap - magnetic lines are handled very
                strangely to you, we train for this. It is an exchange of
                power that keeps itself strong. The more you use it the stronger
                it is, you manipulate it mentally and by personal contact.

    Q•    32.   Can we do it?

    a.          Be careful at first but by concentrated effort it can be done.
                I will explain. I spoke and mentally impressed the contact
                that was the negative contact - then one higher than myself
                contacted her by nerve force at the solar plexis, next step was
                to concentrate on a signal that could attach itself to her ear -
                then she can take messages independent of her own mind, under-
                stand?

    Q• 33• Admiral Knowles. Regardless whether or not we know how to handle
           this power could we build such a source of power and then know
                how to use it afterwards?
    A.          Perhaps, but we have been a long time perfecting this. It
                would be like blowing up a balloon without having a string.
                It took two centuries to use this power so do not let this
                baffle you. The principle works mechanically if you use a
                battery.
                                 v
Q. 34. If I go    ad and try_to bud
                                build one of these generators
       will they give me a hand when-I get stunk as I inevitably
       will.
          Yes. When you start I.Will_see that you, are given assistance
          as Ankar previously promised.

.Q.   35. Thanks very much. I will get right at it as fast as I can
          when I get home.
A.        I wish we could tell you more but each man has to have
          about ten years training in order to use this power effectively.

Q. 36.    I would like to know if there is a substitute for mabonite,
          something else which we have.
A.        You can use many metals if they are properly insulated.

      Comment re August visit.
          They will be so completely surprised that no one will think
          of doing much, that is how we will do it.


~. 37.    I think I can arrange for a radio communication this coming
          Sunday around three o'clock p.m. until perhaps five p.m.
          -- on about 20 megacycles.
A.        What are megacycles?
      A megacycle is a million times every second, 20 megacycles
      is 20 million times every second.
A.        Good.   I. will have a mother ship out there in your direction
          at 3.
          Mr. Smith said thanks very much and we will try to make the
          connection.
A.        Good. We all thank you very much from all of our crew
          members on M 4. Ponnar says he will stand by and give his
          love and beat wishes also. If he should be in your vicinity
          his signal will be OEEUb>----Li! li
          and he will try out the signal the same as Ankar told you.


Q.        Can I make a generator?
A.        Yes, I am sure you can. You have the fundamentaas, start
          and your train of thoughts can be directed by magnetic
          thought waves as we have Just tried to explain. If enough
          light is brought into a room, no matter how dark it was, it
          will become light.
     Background info on speaker Jim Smith, Thursday,              Septemlier   10, 1998

              Jim Smith, 55 holds degrees in Music from Carleton and the University of Toronto, plus a B.A.
     in Sociology from Carleton and a M.Ed. in psychology from the University of Ottawa. Music, not
     UFO's-has been the underpinnings of his life and career which also includes an 8 year stint as a
     broadcaster with CFRA, music teacher and a Vice-Principle with the Carleton Board of Education.
              An interesting and varied life by any standards! But Jim had the pleasure of also being the son
     of Wilbert B. Smithy B.Eng. and M.Sc, who at the time of his death in 1962 was the Superintendent of
     Radio Regulations for the Department of Transport, Canada. A civil servant, the norm in Ottawa, but
     not your run of the mill civil servant! The senior Smith was a key figure, some would say the main
     figure, in Canada's involvement in the fervour over unidentified flying objects which followed the
     Second World War.
     His own experiences, plus those of thousands of others whom Smith polled, convinced him that we are
     not alone in the universe, not even on our home planet But Smith was not merely interested in
     establishing the reality and authenticity of UFO's, but in understanding the `why'! And that question
     became the focus of his professional and personal life on the 1940's and on.
              And it was the pursuit of this personal joure' aSk ilbert Smith and his family, including
     young son Jim, into the world of `others' and the exploration of what `they' had to offer. Wilbert
     started a popular UFO club in Ottawa which would draw up to 50 people to his small Ottawa suburban
     home, one evening a month. In search of answers, he would often pack the family into the Volkswagen
     camper and roll off to visit people who claimed to have seen or experienced UFO's and the occupants.
     A psychic in New York State was able to establish contact with one group of ET's and a conversation
     was carried on over many years which included information on various technological devices outside of
     then current knowledge, which when Smith built them, worked!
              Jim Smith will be talking about the messages and information garnered from those
     conversations, a message not unfamiliar to what we are even now receiving from a wide variety of
     sources, most, also of an non-physical or non-terrestrial nature.
              At age 48, after years of investigation and contact, Wilbert Smith summarized his conclusions:

              "I began for the first time in my life to realize Ythe basic ONENESS of the
              Universe and all that is in it. Science, philosophy, religion, substance,
              and energy are all facets of the same jewel and before any one facet of
              the jewel can really be appreciated, the form of the jewel itself must be
              perceived."
              "....I had to realize that we are not alone. The human race in the form of
              MAN extends throughout the universe and is incredibly ancient.
                     Our civilization here on this earth is only one of many that have
              come and gone. This planet has been colonized many times by people
              from elsewhere and our present human race is blood brothers of these
              people. Is it any wonder that they are interested in us?"
              "These people from elsewhere have much greater knowledge than we
              have regarding the sequences which must not be altered and while they
              may have every desire in the world to help us, they may not do so at this
              time without running the risk of altering significantly, sequences which
              are very necessary to our development              they may not do so until a
              propitious time of which they will be informed in due course."


pO
AIir'ir28;
           1998...,,_ .-._.                                                                         0
282 Equestrian Drive,
Bridlewood, Kan ta, On K2M 105
613-592-9034
Dear Leslie.
Attached: please find a summary of material on which I might speak. Given my
a≤livities and age during the 5Q's, my knowledge is spotty, but as best I can, I have
articulated that which I know.
My background
Dorn in 1943. Have degrees in Music from Carleton and U. of T.; D.A. (Sociology) from
Carleton and an MEd (Phsychology) from U. of Ottawa. Have spent 20 years in
professional music ( bass, guitar, clarinet/sax), five years singing at the Cathedral in    `
Ottawa, 22 yea's singing in the choir  of my  Anglican parish church.    25 years teaching
bandlorchesfra with the CBE, 10 years as a Vice-Principal with the CBE. Am a Past
President of the Ontario Music Educators Association, and a past. Director of the
Canadian Music Educators' Association, Worked as a disc-jockey. and news
announcer/reporter for radio CFRA Ottawa ( 1958-1966), and as a TV producer/host
wit≥} Ottawa Cable for 20 years. Was a TV producer/director with Television Zambia
(CUSO) fer two years. Married (31 years). with three children                              '

Current Status; Had Kidney cancer in .tune/96, followed by heap attack and quadruple       l
                                                                                                O
bypass surgery Dec,96 - have bean on sick leave, and will retire in ,tune 98. Health is
processing well

UFO Involvement
My father; Wilbert B: Srith had a DEng: and a M.Sc., and at the time of his death in
1352. was Supedntendent of Radio Regulations for the Department of Transport.
Canada. He became interested in UFO sightings in the late '4fs. and through a series
o: questionnaires to people all over the world who claimed to have seen saucers or
had an unusual experience, was able to weed out those of some interest and possible
substance from those without.
He would pack the family into the Volkswagen camper and roil off to visit people most
weekends. A UFO club formed in City View ( our Ottawa suburban residence), over
time, to which many were dawn, either to discuss what they saw or to learn from
others. Attendance grew to 40-50 people. of an evening, once a month.
it became apparent that the meetings were regularly monitored by small saucers
which hovered outside of the basement windows seeing and hearing the goings-on. I
saw my second saucer under- these conditions, parked above our front lawn. We
looked at each other for a short time, then it went straight up and left, leaving a 3'
round pattern in the lawn which was sterile, growing nothing ever agGin. Small monitor          v


saucers were in the local trees also, leaving circular burned areas. causing
annoyance among the neighbours.
    One of the contacts in the USA became credible as engineering questions were asked
    of this lady, and answers came back of which she had no knowledge personally. The
    Saucer personnel were on two mother ships, M4 and L11, which were of dimensions 2
    miles long and 1/2 mile in diameter. These were stationed in earth orbit, and may well
    still be there. AFFA was the name of the extraterrestrial with whom major discussions
    took place.

    The Sauce people told Dad how to make a binding mete. which he did, and which
    worked. It measured the level of binding force in a particular area, that is the force
    which holds things together. 12 of these were made and given to friends all over the
    world, including pilots who sometimes, felt very nervous when their aircraft entered an•
    area in which the meter indicator twitched or topped.

    Pieces of metal, in some cases shot down by Amedcan air►raft, were sent to Dad for
    analysis after the US Airforce were finished with them, These were a very high tensile
    alloy material, a combination which is not commonly used on this planet. and
    containing a few unknowns:

    His primary interest was in how saucers worked, and the bulk of his research was in
    this di .ectrail: Through automatic writing with the Contact in the USA. ( a sample of
    which is enclosed), technical matters were learned and put to the test. Most worked
    thereby increasing credibility of the contact. The end result was that Dad built a
    magnetic device which did. on a laboratory scale, make things lighter or heavier, and
    rnade time 'slow down speed up. He invited his boss /colleague at NRC to come to
                            or


    see it in operation. The person declined, saying he would rather watch the football
    game. That was in 1361. Wib Smith died in Dec. of '62.

     Poiumouy, we published his hook "The New Science", dealing with the concept of
    spin. and the math/science thereto. A large number of his papers. letters etc., are
    catalogued and available to the public in the Special Collection section of the library at
    the Universlty of Ottawa We thank Ken Bray for the cataiogueing and organization of
    this material. As expected, following his death, others in the group attempted to carry
    on with the research, but over the years with people moving. etc., many of the papers
    went the way of history.

    We were kids growing up at he time and took a periferal interest in his research.
    Sometimes we would s in on the automatic writing sessions. Many times, Mom or
    Dad, upon subsequent questioning, would capsulize the knowledge gained. I found it
    quite fascinating.

    Once the technical credibility had been established, it was only natural to ask

A   questions of a social science nature. like day-to-day living. social structures, food,
    religion, etc. It is this Spirituality question which is. I understand, of prime importance to
    this group and to this evening.
  Therefore, I will make a number of statements learned from AFFA'and others, in no
  particular order. and try to summarize their incorporation into my constructon of reality.

  The Spirituality of the Extra-terrestrials

  Saucers are real, manned by people like us, coming from different planets and
  galaxies. They are more advanced than us. Saucers operate by using the force fields
  of the planets and the universe, manipulating both time and gravity.

 There are 12 dimensions. We are familiar with only 3.Some others are parallel to ours,
 while other dimensions are lower- than our concepts or higher than.

 The soul is of God, is an individual, and rows with experiences gained through many
 reincarnations in this world and in other dimensions to eventually become all-knowing.
 all-understanding. and in fact to return to the God substance. The brain of which we
 employ about 10% is the mechanical representaion of the Soul, and contains
 memories of past lives, and the seeds of future direct~ori

 Many souls wait for the right circumstances to enter a body on earth so that they can
 have a chance at fullfiiing a necessary experience. Some have not yet eliminated
 characteristics such as greed, anger ego, etc. They need the earthly experience to
 develop beyond that. Some lie in wait for us to welcome them in for' a bit of sport. Be
 wary. Your soul can block them out Other souls are "good" and volunteer to act as
 guides to individuals if you want. My guides have helped me on many occasions.
 Sonie would say the mind has sorted facts and available alternatives for action, and
 has proceeded logically. They would be correct also, as the Soul mind and guides are
 all related.
 Ti_hie
      sauces prime concern through history, and particularly during the 40's to '60's
- was to clean up the wandering drop-in-binding force fields caused by our nuclear
  explosions and to repair the axis problems controling the stability of this planet. They
  need it not to wobble, as if it did, it may well collide with another planet, causing severe
  problems.

 Our planet is on its' third tip of the axis and third major civilization. it has n-aditionally
 been rather like a penal colony for souls not yet out of the ego trip involving anger.
 greed and the like.

 God' The Creative Spirit exists, and is the infinite being, of which no finite being can
 conceive, It was not the fall of Adam, but rather Adam eating of the friut of the tree of
 knowledge, signifying the opening of the inquiring mind and the need to learn. We are
 all as souls, part of God, and through all experience and learning possible, will
 become God again. We select our life situations into which we are born in that the
 situation looks good in the potential of learning a particular set of experiences.
 Sometimes accidents happen during the lifetime, experiences clash, and the soul
 passes over without completing the task. it can be set up again. we do have soul-
0   mates(souls with whom we get along well and enjoy developing together)'. In some
    lifetimes we meet. and in others, the turns of life do not permit it. We come into this life
    with a set of talents to make our job easier and we are expected to use them. The
    lifetime is wasted in a way if we don`t.

    We have had many 'souls of advanced development come to this planet to show us the
    beauty of the higher levels, and the keys to opening those doors. The great musicians,
    artists,and philosophers have given us glimpses of what exists and of what we are all
    capable of doing and understanding.

    Our bibles and major religious documents are remarkably accurate, considering
    editions and history. Spirituality consists of three main areas: The existance of God,
    Social control mechanisms (eg. the 10 commandments), and dogma or characteristics
    which set believers apart from others.

    Jesus was a master. an integfal part of God, to whom actions of mind over matter were
    not a problem. He showed us many "miracles" to indicate that we could all do this
    eventually. if we followed the teachings set out by our religious leaders. "In the
    beginning was the word'. The most important aspect of Jesus time here was
    expressed in the resurection. the ultimate control of mind over matter. He said" In my
    Father's house, there are many mansions. I go to prepare a place for you". Many
    levels or existence is the reference. and he was to return to the other dimensions, as
    we will, and assist in our learning and development.

    So what? Integrating Saucer Spirituality into my Construction of Reality 1 Berger &
    Luckmanr I966
    The foregoing was a brief synopsis. I have no trouble enveloping Saucer Spirituality
    into my Church of England background. If anything, the C. of E. is enhanced. I have
    used my talents to the full. and have helped many others in many ways. We were kids
    during these events and of course a teenager knows everything. so I don't know how
    this knowledge affected my parents as parents.

    !f this !s new information to some of you, I saw. I state, I believe. I have no reason to
    doubt. You have a number of options. If I can help. I will. For some of you. what has
    been said may be confirmation of what you already know. It may be in conflict with
    your construction of reality. That is what makes our life experiences so much fun and
    so much of a challange.


    Yours sincerely,


    W. James Smith
Dear George

          Have had problems with my computer in its relationship with the printer tonight, so here
it is 12:30 and I finally have been able to print out a copy of the speech Palmiro Campagna plans
to give.
          He does have a personal note at the top of his article for us. I have considered that in the
article below.
          Basically he covers a lot of areas and a lot of time in a small talk! But he did say he really
enjoys the question and answer part and could fill in a lot there. I said that would be better than a
pure q & a talk. So the talk is relatively short but opens the door to a lot of questions"
         Jim Smith, son of Wilbur B. Smith, is the chap who has said he would be willing to talk
to us on the next schedule about two areas of his father" work
         1.       (Smith senior was an engineer, masters degree) The technical side of Smith's
                  revelations from the `other' people. He actually built some devices as directed
                  and did prove the alien science to be workable in a time when such ideas where
                  and until even this year, generally considered out of line with what is known
                  about phsyics.
         2.       The spiritual side of the visitations. As Smith searchedTor answers from many
                  sources, including many reports of personal contact, he found some out and out
                  liars, but also ended up after interviewing these people, a body of answers that
                 were consistent and apparently and logically, true. And the answers were
                  consistent with similar reports from other people in other countries who also
                 reported face to face communication. The grays don't seem to be a part of ufo
                 life in those days, but then, contactees who have more recently uncovered past
                 abductions, generally had no conscious recall of experiences in the 50's, so while
                 it is not fair to say such things were not happening, those were not the
                 experiencers whom Smith interviewed. The type of contact he investigated, did
                 not include abductions, lost memory, etc or pieces of memory of being on an
                 examination table etc. So Mr. Smith's talk won't include this aspect of the
                 greater ufo/alien experience.
                           Instead, the aliens usually reported seen, were quite human and friendly.
                 They talked and told their earth human contacts a lot of stuff we now consider
                 and discover on our personal spiritual path — the right of free will and choice, and
                 the unity of all creation.


Next page is my writeup for Tone mag. I made is short but could expand if you want it longer!
      Dear George

                Have had problems with my computer in its relationship with the printer tonight, so here
      it is 12:30 and I finally have been able to print out a copy of the speech Palmiro Campagna plans
      to give.
                He does have a personal note at the top of his article for us. I have considered that in the
      article below.
                Basically he covers a lot of areas and a lot of time in a small talk! But he did say he really
      enjoys the question and answer part and could fill in a lot there. I said that would be better than a
      pure q & a talk. So the talk is relatively short but opens the door to a lot of questions" t'
               Jim Smith, son of Wilbur B. Smith, is the chap who has said he would be willing to talk
      to us on the next schedule about two areas of his father" work
                I.      (Smith senior was an engineer, masters degree) The technical side of Smith's
                        revelations from the `other' people. He actually built some devices as directed
                        and did prove the alien science to be workable in a time when such ideas where
                        and until even this year, generally considered out of line with what is known
                        about phsyics.
               2.       The spiritual side of the visitations. As Smith searched for answers from many
                        sources, including many reports of personal contact, he found some out and out
                        liars, but also ended up after interviewing these people, a body of answers that
                        were consistent and apparently and logically, true. And the answers were
                        consistent with similar reports fr   om other people in other countries who also
                        reported face to face communication. The grays don't seem to be a part of ufo
040                     life in those days, but then, contactees who have more recently uncovered past
                        abductions, generally had no conscious recall of experiences in the 50's, so while
                        it is not fair to say such things were not happening, those were not the
                        experiencers whom Smith interviewed. The type of contact he investigated, did
                        not include abductions, lost memory, etc or pieces of memory of being on an
                        examination table etc. So Mr. Smith's talk won't include this aspect of the
                        greater ufolalien experience.
                                  Instead, the aliens usually reported seen, were quite human and friendly.
                        They talked and told their earth human contacts a lot of stuff we now consider
                        and discover on our personal spiritual path — the right of free will and choice, and
                       the unity of all creation.


      Next page is my writeup for Tone mag. I made is short but could expand if you want it longer!


 0
Wednesday,June 24, 1998                                                       a


Page 1 of2


FAX TO: Andrew Paton

FROM: Lesley Cooper

Re: Jim Smith talk, Thursday, September 10 —
Growing Up with Wilbert Smith and UFO"s


Andrew:
       Here is a one pager as requested giving background and some idea of
what Smith will be talking about. You can use pieces of it as required. The
whole could be a good article for Tone magazine if this is to be advertised
there. Just add the date and time. And it could be a good article for our     0
Universe. I'll check with Mike to see if he wants it too.
       If you need any further info, my phone number is 253-1750
                                 e-mail      manitou@fox.nstn.ca


                                                                              0
UFO's and Roswell— The Canadian connection!

        Research in Canada into the phenomena of sightings of and contact
 with extraterrestrial people and their form of transportation goes back to at
 least as early as the 1940's. The pioneer in Canadian UFO research was a
 resident of Ottawa, Wilbur B. Smith, a federal civil servant with the
 Canadian Department of Transport, who held a master's degree in
engineering. He was not the only one privy to some of the secrets of the US
Airforce and the events surrounding what the US government has insisted
even just last year, was a series of balloons, a research project to sense
nuclear atomic explosions over the Soviet Union. We know it as the '
Roswell crash of 1952. What did Smith and the Canadian government
know?
        The answers to this and much more are in a new book now available
at area bookstores called THE UFO FILES: THE CANADIAN
CONNECTION EXPOSED, by Palmiro Campagna. Campagna is also an
engineer who lives in Ottawa and is a federal civil servant. He is currently
working in administration with the Department of National Defence but his
job doesn't have much to do with UFO's, that's a private passion!
        Working with documents acquired under Canada's Access to
Information Act, and interviews with the people who were involved almost
fifty years ago plus the papers of Wilbur B. Smith, Campagna tells the story
of Canada's role and experiences in the post world war two history of UFOs.
        Campagna will be talking about his research in a public talk, Friday,
April 17, 7:15 pm, at Nepean City Hall on Centrepoint Drive, one block
west of Woodroffe off Baseline Road. The talk is sponsored by Spiritual
Frontiers Canada and the public is welcome.
        Campagna will outline the role of Canada, both its government and
private industry including more recent information not included in his
current book. A long question and answer period will follow.
    UFO's and Roswell — The Canadian connection!

             Research in Canada into the phenomena of sightings of and contact with extraterrestrial
    people and their form of transportation goes back to at least as early as the 1940's. The pioneer in
    Canadian UFO research was a resident of Ottawa, Wilbur B. Smith, a federal civil servant with
    the Canadian Department of Transport, who held a master's degree in engineering. He was not
    the only one privy to some of the secrets of the US Airforce and the events surrounding what the
    US government has insisted even just last year, was a series of balloons, a research project to
    sense nuclear atomic explosions over the Soviet Union. We know it as the Roswell crash of
    1952. What did Smith and the Canadian government know?
            The answers to this and much more are in a new book now available at area bookstores
    called THE UFO FILES: THE CANADIAN CONNECTION EXPOSED, by Palmiro
    Campagna. Campagna is also an engineer who lives in Ottawa and is a federal civil servant. He
    is currently working in administration with the Department of National Defence but his job
    doesn't have much to do with UFO's, that's a private passion!
             Working with documents acquired under Canada's Access to Information Act, and
    interviews with the people who were involved almost fifty years ago plus the papers of Wilbur B.
    Smith, Campagna tells the story of Canada's role and experiences in the post world war two
    history of UFOs.
             Campagna will be talking about his research in a public talk, Friday, April 17, 7:15 pm,
    at Nepean City Hall on Centrepoint Drive, one block west of Woodroffe off Baseline Road.
    The talk is sponsored by Spiritual Frontiers Canada and the public is welcome.
            Campagna will outline the role of Canada, both its government and private industry
    including more recent information not included in his current book. A long question and answer
p   period will follow.


p
     ad uru raper bull: W uaelr Jmim lvlem0                                                         httpllwww2.capcollege.bc.c&Jdowler/UFO/E7-smit.hun


                                            IJFO                                  -=^TOAOF
                                  HOME                        f
                                                       [MAP TELEPORTER'
                                                                                                       NEXT
                                                                                                                  INDEX
                                          [ MAIN                                    CHAPTER            PAGE

                                 I Hoax _j Psycholoay l Evidence [Iniuries t Mutilations :! Spies ( Paper Trail iMars Face
                                                                   CHAPTER E7

                                                        The UFO Paper Trail

                                                        Wilbert Smith Memo
                                                  Revelation of US Position on UFOs
                                                           November 21, 1950

             This document outlines its author's interest in earth-energy based propulsion, and his
             discovery of high-level interest in UFOs by the U.S. Government. Smith was Canada's top
qr


             wartime engineer, with the high clearances. More


                    TOP SECRET
                    CONFIDENTIAL
                    DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORT

                    INTRA-DEPARTMENTAL CORRESPONDENCE

                    OTTAWA, Ontario, November 21, 1950

                   PLACE DATE


                    YOUR FILE SUBJECT OUR FILE

                   Geo-Magnetics (R.ST.)


I of 5                                                                                                                                3/16/98 1:42 AM
E7 UFO Paper Trail: Wilbert Smith Memo                                   http://www2.capcollego.be.catjdowler/UFO/E7-smith.bun


                IvIElv1ORANDUM TO THE CONTROLLER OF TELECOIv1MLJNICATIONS:


                For the past several years we have been engaged in the study of various aspects
                of radio wave propagation. The vagaries of this phenomenon have led           the
                                                                                             us
                                                                                                  into


                fields of aurora, cosmic radiation, atmospheric radio-activity and
                geo-magnetism. In the case of geo-magnetics our investigations have contributed
                little to our knowledge of radio wave propagation as yet, but nevertheless have
                indicated several avenues of investigation which may well be explored with
                profit. For example, we are on the track of a means whereby the potential energy
                of the earth's magnetic field may be abstracted and used.

                On the basis of theoretical considerations a small and very crude experimental
           r
                unit was. constructed approximately a year ago and tested in our Standards
                Laboratory. The tests were essentially successful in that sufficient energy was
                abstracted from the earth's field to operate a voltmeter, approximately 50
                milliwatts. Although this unit was far from being self-sustaining, it nevertheless
                demonstrated the soundness of the basic principles in a qualitative manner and
                provided useful data for the design of a better unit.
C
                The design has now been completed for a unit which should be self-sustaining
                and in addition provide a small surplus of power. Such a unit, in addition to
                functioning as a 'pilot power plant' should be large enough to permit the study of
                the various reaction forces which are expected to develop.

                We believe that we are on the track of something which may well prove to be the
                introduction to a new technology. The existence of a different technology is
                borne out by the investigations which are being carried on at the present time           in


                relation to flying saucers.

               While in Washington attending the NARB Conference, two books were
               released, one titled "Behind the Flying Saucers" by Frank Scully, and the other
               "The Flying Saucers are Real" by Donald Keyhoe. Both books dealt mostly with
               the sightings of unidentified objects and both books claim that flying objects
               were of extra-terrestrial origin and might well be space ships

                                                           2

                                                      Page 2


2 of                                                                                                          3/16/98 1:42 AM
 E7 UFO Paper Trail: Wilbert Smith Memo                                   http://www2.capcollege.bc.ca/ jdowler/UFO/E7-smith.htm


                 frontmiotherplanet. Scully claimed that the preliminary studies of       oiie   -   s'ucer


                which.fell-into-the hands of the United States Government indicated that they
                operated on some hitherto unknown magnetic principles. It appeared to me that
                oULown work in geo-magnetics might well be the linkage between 0'
                technology and the technology by which the saucers are designed and operated.
                If it`is assumed that    geo-magnetic investigations are in the fight direction,
                                          oui


                the theory of operation of the saucers becomes quite straight forward, with all
                observed features explained qualitatively and quantitatively.

                I made discreet enquiries through the Canadian Embassy staff in Washington
                who were able to obtain for me the following information:

                a. The matter is the most highly classified subject in the United States
                Government, rating higher even than the H-bomb.

                b. Flying saucers exist.

                c. Their modus operandi is unknown but concentrated effort is being made by a
                small group headed by Doctor Vannevar Bush.

                d. The entire matter is considered by the United States authorities to be of
                tremendous significance.

                I was further informed that the United States authorities are investigating along
                quite a number of lines which might possibly be related to the saucers such as
                mental phenomena and I gather that they are not doing too well since they
                indicated that if Canada is doing anything at all in geo-magnetics they would
                welcome a discussion with suitably accredited Canadians.

                While I am not yet in a position to say that we have solved even the first
                problems in geo-magnetic energy release, I feel that the correlation between our
                basic theory and the available information on saucers checks too closely to be
                more coincidence. It is my honest opinion that we are on the right track and are
                fairly close to at least some of the answers.

               Mr. Wright, Defence Research Board liaison officer at theCanadian Embassy in
               Washington, was extremely anxious for me to get in touch with Doctor Solandt,
               Chairman of the Defence Research Board, to discuss with him future
               investigations along the line geo-magnetic energy release.

                                                           3

3015                                                                                                           3/16/98 1:42 M1
    E7 UFO Paper Trail: Wilbert Smith Memo                                   http://www2.capcollege.bc.ca/jdowlcr/UFO/E7-smith.hhn


                                                         Page 3


                   I do not feel that we have as yet sufficient data to place before Defence Research
                   Board which would enable a program to be initiated within that organization, but
                   I do feel that further research is necessary and I would prefer to see it done
                   within the frame work of our own organization with, of course, full co-operation
                   and exchange of information with other interested bodies.

                   I discussed this matter fully with Doctor Solandt, Chairman of Defence
                   Research Board, on November 20th and placed before him as much information
                   as I have been able to gather to date. Doctor Solandt agreed that work on
                   geo-magnetic energy should go forward as rapidly as possible and offered full
                   co-operation of his Board in providing laboratory facilities, acquisition of
                   necessary items of equipment, and specialized personnel for incidental work in
                   the project. I indicated to Doctor Solandt that we would prefer to keep the
                   project within the Department of Transport for the time being until we have
                   obtained sufficient information to permit a complete assessment of the value of
                   the work.

                   It is therefore recommended that a PROJECT be set up within the frame work of
I                  this Section to study this problem and that the work be carried on a part time
                   basis until such time as sufficient tangible results can be seen to warrant more
                   definitive action. Cost of the program in its initial stages are expected to be less
                   than a few hundred dollars and can be carried by our Radio Standards Lab
                   appropriation.

                   Attached hereto is a draft of terms of reference for such a project which, if
                   authorized, will enable us to proceed with this research work within our own
                   organization.


                   (W.B. Smith)
                   Senior Radio Engineer

                   WBS/cc


                                             UFOs: An Authentic Mystery


4   ors                                                                                                          3/16/98 1:42 AM
  Wilbert Smith and MI-12 - Article                                              hup://www.ufomind.com/ufo/updatcs/1997/jan/m27-005.shtml


                                      Ir(ta7Y.`ika.0).tt'tasi9:t:isM\jiu' a.t4
                                       Book of the Day (3/12) -> Unexplained!
                                       Jerome Clark's encyclopedia of forteana


                                           Wilbert Smith and MJ-12 - Article
           From: legion@werple.net.au
           Date: Sun, 26 Jan 1997 13:02:26 +1100 (EST)
           Fwd Date: Mon, 27 Jan 1997 09:47:04 -0500
           Subject: Wilbert Smith and MJ-12 - Article


          >From          UFO BRIGANTIA ,         July 1990


                                       WILBERT SMITH and MJ-12

                                                       by
                                                                                                                                     O
C                                         Christopher D. Allan


          The older generation of UFO buffs may remember some articles in FLYING
          SAUCER REVIEW during the period 1958-1962 written by the Canadian
          ufologist Wilbert B. Smith.

              Wilbert Smith was a Canadian civil servant and engineer,
          specializing in radio and telecommunications, who worked in the
          Department of Transport. He had a strong interest in UFOs from the
          outset of the UFO era and was impressed by the first two books to be
          published: FLYING SAUCERS ARE REAL by Donald Keyhoe and BEHIND THE
          FLYING SAUCERS by Frank Scully, particularly the latter for reasons we
          shall see. By 1950 he had become dedicated to the ETH. Some years
          later Smith became the founder and director of the Ottawa Flying
          Saucer Club. He died of cancer in 1962.

             Today Smith's name would be long forgotten were it not for the
         release of some documents by the Canadian authorities in 1978. Arthur
         Bray, a Canadian researcher, had applied for the release of the papers
         relating to two projects: Magnet and Second Storey, which had been
         classified since the early 1950s. Included among these was a top
         secret memorandum, written by Smith; this'revived interest in Smith's
                                                                                                                                     0
I        work and, together with the Roswell affair, contributed to the big
         renewal of interest in crashed UFOs and cover-ups in the 1980s.


I of9                                                                                                                   3/16/98 1:19 AEI
    Wilbert Smith and MJ-12 - Article                     http://www.ufomind.couJufo/updates/1997fjadm27-005.shtml


               Smith's Memorandum
i


                 The memo was written on November 21, 1950 and is entitled
             GEOMAGNETICS. It is chiefly to do with the study of magnetic
             phenomena but, some 25%% relates to flying saucers. The fact that it
             was classified 'Top Secret' for nearly 20 years has caused ETH
             supporters to attach great importance to it; in reality its value to
             ufology is practically zero, as we shall see.

                 Smith had addressed his memo to the 'Controller of
             Telecommunications' requesting that a project be set up to investigate
             harnessing the earth's magnetic field and its possible use in the
             design and construction of a flying disc. This project was duly
             authorized on December 2, 1950 and became known as Project Magnet.
             There is no official return memo authorizing the project; only a
             simple handwritten note on Smith's memo, from C.P. Edwards, Deputy
             Minister of Transport (Air Services) saying "LOOK, go ahead with it an
             keep me posted from time to time". For a supposed official top secret
             project, it is surely most irregular-for it to be authorised in this
             disinterested, almost brush-off like manner.

                 Whilst the project did have official backing, it was only a spare
 O           time exercise. However, Smith was allowed to use the facilities at
             the Defence Research Board for his work. The head of the DRB at the
t            time was Dr. O.M. Solandt, who is mentioned in Smith's memo.
             Solandt had a passing interest in UFOs, of which more later.

                The Smith memo contains four short paragraphs which refer to the
            U.S. government's interest in Flying Saucers. One paragraph says
            that the matter is more highly classified even than the H-bomb (this
            was in 1950), while another says that a small group headed by Dr.
            Vannevar Bush is making a "concentrated effort" to discover the modus
            operandi of the flying discs. It is these two remarks that form the
            real hard core of the memo for dedicated ETHers, but their true
            significance has been grossly overestimated, as I intend to show.

                We do not know how many people saw the memo in 1950, or how they
            reacted. What we do know is that it launched Project Magnet. We also
            know that it was kept hidden for nearly two decades, which may seem an
            inordinately long time but is less than most of the early U.S.
            documents released under the FOIA, some of which stayed under wraps
            for 30 years or more.

                After the publication of the Condon Report in January 1969 (which
            contains a brief section on official UFO study in Canada), Dr. Peter
            M. Millman of the National Research Council of Canada, who served on
 O          Second Storey, recommended that the Magnet and Second Storey files be
            declassified. Following this, a Canadian government memo of Sept.
I           15, 1969 down-classified the files to the 'confidential' level, adding
            that they would be made available to persons in a bona-fide


2 of 9                                                                                           3/16/98 1:19 AM
 Wilbert Smith and MJ-12 - Article                                     http://www.ufomind.com/ufo/updates/1997/jan/m27-005.shtml


         organisa"tidn, blf-that "at      ri   o


                                                  it- be
                                                   time   -


                                                              .available to the
                                                              should


                                                                          made


         public". It also said that the file "should not be destroyed until
        'such time as this subject has cooled off". In other words, the
         Canadian authorities wanted to allow a period for interested parties
        Ito view the files before disposing of them; hardly the action of an
         authority intent on covering up important UFO data.

              Whether anyone took advantage of this opportunity to view the -
          Magnet & Second Storey files we do not know, but the files were
          obviously not destroyed. A copy was eventually obtained by Arthur
          Bray in 1978 as stated. If Smith's memo was seen by anyone in the
          period 1969-78 nobody thought it important enough to mention it or to
          request a copy

             Stanton Friedman obtained the memo in 1979 and gave Bill Moore a
         copy. Portions of it appeared in the ROSWELL INCIDENT, published in
         1980. In due course others got hold of it and paraded it as strong
         evidence of crashed saucers and official cover-up.


          _PROJECTS Magnet and Second Storey_

              Magnet was essentially a part-time effort headed by Smith to
         understand the principles of UFO propulsion and, if possible, to build
         a working model. Smith seemed to invest it with an aura of high
         secrecy and, with the Canadian government understandably not wanting

9        the publicity over a project they regarded as akin to borderline
         science, little or no news of it appeared. The Shirley's Bay
         observatory, set up in 1953 as a UFO 'detecting station', seems to
         have come to an early demise. The names of the other scientists
        'involved appear in ref 1. Magnet gradually petered out in 1953-54
         without ever achieving much. Certainly no working flying disc was
        ever built.

             Second Storey was under the chairmanship of Dr. Peter Millman.
         This ran concurrently with Magnet for about two years and Smith served
         on its committee. It was essentially a UFO investigation project but
         it too seems to have become dormant and came to an end in about 1954.
         The only public report we know of is one written by Smith, containing
         the analysis of 25 sightings in 1952, all in Canada. The majority of
         these relate to night lights. Smith's final report on Project Magnet,
         which included the results of the second Storey investigations, was
         not accepted by the Dept. of Transport and must have been a big
         disappointment for him. There is no mention of Vannevar Bush, no
         mention of a secret U.S. project of any kind in Smith's report; nor
         is there any indication in the report itself that it was ever
         classified, although it was held in a classified file until 1969 and
         released, as said earlier, in 1978.


           •The    Sarbacher Connection


3019                                                                                                           3/l6/98 1:19 At
 Wilbert Smith and MI-12 - Article                     btp://www.ufornind.comlufolupdatesll99i5anlm27-005.shnil


          In his 1950 memo Smith makes the startling statement that UFOs are
          classified "higher than the H-Bomb". He learned this, he says,
          through "discreet enquiries he made at the Canadian Embassy in
p'        Washington." What happened was that Smith was Canada's representative
          at a radio & broadcasting conference in Washington D.C. in September
          1950. During this period he had visited the embassy and raised the
          subject of UFOs. Scully's hook ,had just been published, with its
          stories of crashed discs, little green men, and revelations about UFOs
          being powered by unusual magnetic forces. This caused quite a stir
          and the book was undoubtedly the talk of the town. An official at the
          embassy (Lt. Col. Bremner) knew Dr. Robert I. Sarbacher, a prominent
          U.S. scientist who was a consultant in guided missiles and who
          participated in the joint U.S./Canada project known as DEW Line
          (Distant Early Warning).

              Bremner knew that Sarbacher was also keenly interested in UFOs and
          may have read Scu11y's book. Bremner therefore arranged an interview
          whereby Smith could put several questions to Sarbacher, via Bremner.
          It was during, the course of this that Sarbacher made the statement:
          "Yes, it is classified two points higher than the H-bomb. In fact it
          is the most -highly classified subject in the U.S. government at the
          present time" Sarbacher declined to say more, and revealed
          absolutely no names. Smith made some handwritten notes of this
          interview.
O      Smith did not meet Sarbacher direct, so his notes are second-hand,
9, in 1979, and appear in ref.2, started crashed disc buffs off in a hunt
   but these notes, which were finally obtained from Smith's son by Bray

         for Dr. Sarbacher in the early 1980s•. One researcher, William
         Steinman, who pestered Sarbacher many times with letters and phone
         calls during 1983, eventually had a reply dated Nov. 29, 1983. This
         has also become known as the "Sarbacher letter", later widely
         published and also shown in ref.2. It gives the impression of
         providing further proof that the U.S. authorities had crashed discs
         in their possession. Steinman had suggested the names of about ten
         scientists who he thought had been involved in crashed UFOs and wanted
         Sarbacher to confirm these names. Sarbacher said that Vannevar Bush &
         John von Neumann were "definitely involved". The first point to note
         is that Sarbacher did not volunteer these names; they were suggested,
         repeatedly, by Steinman first. The second point is that some 12
         months earlier, in summer 1982, both Bill Moore and Stanton Friedman
         had also tracked down Sarbacher; both had long 'phone conversations
         with him and Friedman had met him in person in early 1983. In view of
         Moore & Friedman's very strong pro-ETH bias there is no telling how
         much Sarbacher had been indoctrinated with crash saucerology before
         Steinman contacted him.


O Maccabee,
      In 1985 other ufologists, including Jerry Clark and Bruce
            also met with Sarbacher; but some of the facts he told them
  do not tally with what he wrote to Steinman, and do not in any way
I in his 1983 letter he says he had "no connection with any people
  support the Roswell story, still less MJ-12's existence. For example:


4 of9                                                                                         3/16/98 1:19 AM
 Wilbert Smith and MJ-12 - Article                     http://www.ufomind.corn/ufo/updates/1997/jan/m27-005.shtnil


          involved in the recovery", yet he told Clark in 1985 that Bush and voh
          Neumann were involved and that they _told him_ about the recoveries
          (see FATE, March 1988). Concerning an alleged recovery of a UFO:
t         Sarbacher, both in his letter and in his 1985 talk with Maccabee,
          refers to the aliens as "like insects". None of the crash/retrieval
          stories (Roswell, Aztec, etc) mentions insects, and it seems clear
          that Sarbacher is merely recalling office discussions of long ago on
          Gerald Heard's Is Another World Watching_, published soon after
          Scully's book (ref.3).

             Even Sarbacher's 1950 "higher than the H-bomb" statement can be
         interpreted as a reference to the Air Force Project (which was
         certainly highly classified) plus data picked up from the Keyhoe &
         Scully books, boosted by a few office rumours. There is no mention
         whatever_ in Smith's 1950 Sarbacher notes of any project remotely
         resembling MJ-12, no mention_ of crashed discs or alien bodies, and
         _no mention_ of Bush or anyone else. Neither is there the slightest
         chance that Sarbacher, had he known of a genuine recovery of a UFO
         that was classified Top Secret, would have passed on any indication of
         this fact to Smith, a Canadian citizen with no "need to know".

            In summary, everything`in Sarbacher's`1950 answers to Smith can be
         accounted for by his obvious enthusiasm over the early UFO literature,
         conversation among work colleagues, plus a good dose of the Washington
         rumour machine. As I have said, Scully's book was the talk of the
         town. His 1985 statements are based on shaky 30-year old memories,
         together with repeated 'name planting', suggestability and undue
         pressure from eager crashed disc addicts in the early 1980s.
         Sarbacher died in 1986.


           The Bush Connection

             One unresolved question is: from whom did Smith learn about Dr.
         Bush leading a team to discover the modus operandi of the saucers? No
         one will ever know for certain, but it was almost certainly someone he
         met on his Sept. 1950 Washington visit, either an embassy contact, or
         maybe Donald Keyhoe. Keyhoe had met with Smith several times during
         this visit; they discussed UFOs at length and even prepared a joint
         article which they hoped to publish in TRUE magazine (ref.4). The
         article was based on Smith's current ideas on the propulsion of UFOs.
         Smith hoped his work, soon to be launched as Project Magnet, would
         give him access to similar work he was led to believe was being done
         by Bush in the U.S. More important, if Bush could be persuaded to
         give some seal of approval to Smith's work, obviously Smith would gain
         considerable recognition as a scientist/engineer. Remember that Smith
         was at this time hoping to construct a working flying disc based on
         the principles outlined in his joint paper with Keyhoe.

             Further official papers, released with Smith's memo, reveal that
         Keyhoe had been entrusted by the Canadian embassy to take the joint
         Smith/Keyhoe paper to Dr. Bush for his views, but there is nothing to


S of9                                                                                           3/16/98 1.19 AM
 David Hamel Flying Disc                                                      hnp:/hvww.keelynet.com/gtavitY/hamcLhtm


0                                 °a   -   ka
                                                 The Hamel Flying Disc
                                                : The Poor Mans' Searl Disc


                             "F>tle Name': HAMEL.ASC - Online Date : 07/06/96
                         =Contributed-by s Jerry Decker - Dir Category : GRAVITY - _            L

                                From : KeelyNet BBS - DataLine :.(214) 324-3501
                        KeelyNet * PO BOX 870716 * Mesquite, Texas * USA * 75187
                      A FREE Alternative Sciences BBS sponsored by Vanguard Sciences
                             InterNet email jdecker@keelynet.com (Jerry Decker)
                        Files also available at Bill Beaty's http://www.eskimo.com/—billb


         One of the most incredible discoveries in our time has been unheralded and is only
         known to a small group of people who study such matters. It pertains to the closest
         duplication -of UFO flight characteristics and power sources that I have seen'in
         many years of studies in attempts to ascertain how to duplicate them for practical
         use.
0
t        The principal players in this story;

         David Hamel inventor and contactee who built several magnetically self-driven
         devices which produced phenomena ranging from energy production to flight

         Pierre Sinclaire - private researcher, businessman, co-author and investigator who
         first met and worked with Hamel to verify and try to duplicate the phenomena
         through Project Magnet.

         Jeanne Manning - writer and author specializing in the coverage of activities
         relating to new energy researchers and their discoveries

         For full details of the David Hamel story, I recommend you purchase a copy-of the
         book,

                                'The Granite Man and the Butterfly'

O written by Jeanne Manning. All income from the book is used to sponsor Project
         Magnet, Pierre Sinclairs' effort to carry out a controlled duplication of the
         phenomena first investigated by inventor David Hamel.


I of 6                                                                                              3/15/98 2:08 AM
David Hamel Flying Disc                                                    http://www.kec!}nct.ccnJgravity/hamcl.htm


         Each book is $11.99 plus'SS OwTor shipping outside Canada ($16.99 total).

         Additional donations to Project Magnet are much appreciated!

                                        " TOrder from :

             Project Magnet / BOX 839 / 9037 Royal Street / Fort Langley,
                        British Columbia / Canada ViM 252

                   Pierre's InterNet email address is magnet@smartt.com

           Please understand he is quite busy working on Project Magnet,
                so MAKE YOUR QUESTIONS COUNT, THANKS!


                                                                                                                 O
         Inspiration - where the idea came from

         While watching television with his wife and housekeeper, David Hamel experience .,,
         a sort of 'waking trance' in which he was mentally transported to an alien ship. (The
         book gives a more detailed description of other observations, but for our purposes,
         we will stick to the magnetic drive technology.) Noticing a vibration within the ship,
         Hamel asked what caused it. The ship was constructed around two large cones, with
         the wide ends on the bottom. One cone was supported on the top of the other and
         suspended by magnets and pinions.

         Basic Explanation of the principle

         A tornado-like rushing of air moved up through the ship to produce a tremendous
         friction. The cone within cone wobbled at high speed and were kept continuously
         off-balance. As the cones wobbled and the air rushed between them, lightning-like
         flash es appeared between them. Hamel was shown the outside rim of the ship,
         where numerous openings served to allow the in and out motion of the air as it
         rushed between the wobbling cones. These air openings controlled not only the
         amount of air but the direction of flow. As the air was moved at high velocities
                                                                                                                 0
         through the gap between the wobbling cones, it became ionized to produce a stream
         of charged particles. The cones not only produced energy but also provided

2 of 6                                                                                             3/15/98 2:08 AM
    David Hamel Flying Disc                                                      hup://nww.keelynet.com/gravity/hamelhtnr


             propulsion. This was accomplished by a small weighted ball, rolling in circular path
             in a restricted space. The circiilar=movement of this ball appeared to have a falling
             motion, always seeking equilibrium. The _upper area of the cones were suspended on
             magnetic parts which were kept unbalanced to sustain the disruption of equilibrium
             to produce the wobbling effect.

            Imagine a horizontal disk, suspended    on


                                                        point, forever falling or tilting sideways as
            a metal ball rolled.forward  on  its rim. This produced the graceful fluttering effect
            which Hamel likened to 'a butterfly above a magnetic field.' The magnets would not
            wear out because they were suspended on a magnetic field. Movement of the cones
            produced an electro-gravitational field to cause the ship to lose its connection with
            gravity, thereby neutralizing it's 'weight'. Movement of the ship could be controlled
            by pulling the ball out of rotation. Hamel was given the term 'weight into speed' to
            help remember what he was being shown. The aliens informed Hamel they had
            given.tliis technology to our ancestors many times over history and we would find
            evidences of it historical artifacts and in legends. Hamel wasalso told
                              as


                                                                                           we used `
            energy technology which produced heat as it dissipated the energy. The natural way
            was to produce cooling by use of implosion forces, rather than emplosion.

O Inital experiment
t          Eventually, after much thought, consideration and research, flame! decided 'to try
           to duplicate the cone within cone system. Using bicycle rims as the base support for
           his aluminum sided cones, magnets were held onto the sides with electrical tape.
           When the magnets were taped just right, they produced a rejection force. A 45
           gallon steel barrel was lined with magnets on the inside to create a magnetic
           suspension zone. The cone within cone arrangement was placed inside this barrel.
           Once everything was aligned, Hamel screwed down the cover of the barrel. The
           cones were floating on a repelling magnetic field produced by the magnets on the
           lower rim of the cones. When a larger magnet was pressed down onto the top cone,
           a tumbling motion was created which caused the floating cones to wobble in a
           circular motion, in a constrained path, at an ever increasing speed. At a certain
           speed, the vibration stabilized, much like the smooth rotation of a properly
           balanced, rotating tire on your car.

           Shortly after closing the barrel and due to the lateness of the hour, Hamel and his
           wife went to bed. Within a a brief period, they were awakened by a loud bang,
           followed the dull red glow of what appeared to be a fire from the room with the
           barre I. On investigation, Hamel found the barrel had exploded into pieces strewn
a


           all over the room. (Pierre told me the barrel had IMPLODED because the barrel
           was caved in. This fits with the implosion theory and the idea that magnetic energy
t          ATTRACTS TO itself while electricity REPELS FROM itself.) Further experiments

3of6                                                                                                   3/15/98 2:08 AM
 David Hamcl Flying Disc                                                                             http://www.kcelynet.con✓gmvity/hamcl.htm


          with the suspended cones produced unusual energy effects such as scrambling
          television reception, fogging photographi&filin or causing double exposures when a
p         photo_ was attempted.               _,..__...,......_..._.

          Most Advanced Experiment                   .   _,.   u   ,   ___,   .   ,   .   ,,..,y,_


         The next major step, after many   smaller


                                                     experiments, involved the construction of a
         saucer shaped cone withincone mechanism which was 7 feet, 3 inches in diameter,
         with a height of 3.5 feet. It was situated on a platform reached by a 16 foot ladd er.
         At 11PM one evening, Hamel screwed down the garbage can lid that compressed the
         top magnet to make the cones wobble. He noticed a glow and a sudden wind being
         sucked into the craft. Fearing for what would happen next, Hamel climbed down
         the ladder and removed it for safety. His wife yelled that the TV set had gone out
         again, followed by a power failure that had plunged the neighborhood into
         darkness. Hamel,ran into the now dark house`to get his Brownie camera and as he
         reached the door on his way back outside, the craft, was glowing red and changing
         to green as it rose off the suspended platform. As it continued to rise, the color went
         to blue, then bright white as it shot off up into the air and out towards space. Hamel
         managed to get 12 photographs as the craft rose, though the most spectacular are in
         a series of five.                                                                                                                0
P Current Research Effort
         Pierre Sinclair has vowed to build a working model and secure a patent in David
         Hamels' name. Both feel this technology is critical to the survival of humankind on
         our world as indicated by Hamel's contact with the aliens.

         Why Project Magnet is so important

        Hamel was told, "In twenty more years everything on earth will be devastated. It's
        the magnetic that will change. I was told that when the lineup of the planets and
        THE SECOND SUN passes for three days and three nights in front of our sun and
        blacks it out, the magnetic will change. Between the years 2000 and 2005." There is
        no question our technology has far outstripped our responsible use of energy and
        environmental resources. Project Magnet will provide a new energy resource as well
        as a radical new means of flight. For those who study such matters, this is the same
        principle claimed by John Searl yet achieved in quite a different manner. Where
        Seanl uses rotating magnetic rings, Hamel uses compression of magnetic energy in a
        constrained environment to produce the ionizing effect coincident to energy
        accumulation and flight.
t
iof6                                                                                                                       3/15/98 2:08 AM
 David Hamel Flying Disc                                                    http://www.keelynet.com/gtavity/hamcl.htm


       SJQW            entsL,


 ._„:.; ,,:,It is„obvious,that,the phenomena discovered (or shown ,tohim, take:your;.pick) by
          Hamel is identical to that of John Sear! of England. Where Searl requires $10,000 to
           build jUsi      magnet, flame! used Radio Shack magneis his drum prototype and
                                oae


                                                                    in


          more expensive, higher flux density magnets in the levity experiment. The entire
          thing seems to revolve around some mysterious phenomena which occurs when
          energy is condensed into a given space and not allowed to freely radiate/expand.
          The 'aliens' said the technology was foreign to our 'modern' science yet we would
          see evidence of it in archeological artefacts if we could only comprehend the
          technology. Many ancient records speak of flying machines, incredible weapons and
          other remarkable claims that we cannot see as being remotely possible based on our
       .: idea that their,-technological abilities were quite limited. This of course, when
          compared with our achievements.

         For example, we have seen references to a'liquid electricity' which was produced
         from water. The closest understanding we have to this using modern discoveries is
         the storage of high volumes of electrical energy in a DeWar flask of liquid helium.
         The helium sloshes around and becomes denser as more power is stored in the
         bottle. A KeelyNet file called POWERING.ASC speaks of using giant rings of
         supercooled superconducting material to hold vast amounts of electrical energy in a
         circulating current.

         Hamel found (as did Sear!) that a rapidly rotating magnetic disc would continually
         speed up on its own. Just as Searl claims to have done, flame! wanted to, put a
         governor on the device, to prevent it from taking off into the stratosphere. Except in
         Hamels' case, he wanted to embed the thing in concrete. One of the correlations
         Sear! found that flame! and other gravity researchers might find of use in
         controlling this ever accelerating rotation is the use of the horizontal scanning
         frequency from a video camera. Sear! says his rotating disc slowed down when in
         the presence of a video camera, though worked fine around movie film. He realized
        it, must be one or more frequencies from the camera which he later used to control
        the rotational velocity. Perhaps Hamel and others can use this observation to
        further accelerate (no pun intended) their research efforts. When this technology
        has been duplicated, in a controlled environment as Pierre Sinclair is now
        attempting to do, it will lead to an entirely new world for all of us.

O       . ...... . . ..
                        For more info on Hamel in general, check out THIS PAGE.
9
Sof6                                                                                              3/15!98 2:2i AM
                                                                                    Lesley & Guy Cluff
                                                                                P.R. 3, Ashton, Ontario K0A 1BO -- -
                                                                       Tel: (613).253-1750.Fax: (613)253-1751
                                                                               riff: 'vmaiI::manitou@nstn,ca


              Roswell 1999: What Now?

                                                 by

                              Thomas J. Carey & Donald R. Schmitt.


                                                                                                               O
A       s the millennium draws inexorably closer, we can look back and see that the 50th
        Anniversary Year of 1997 witnessed unprecedented national if not world-wide interest in the
        most famous and most thoroughly investigated UFO case of all time: the alleged 1947 crash
  of a flying saucer near the town of Roswell, NM, and its subsequent retrieval and coverup by the
• United States military commonly referred to as The Roswell Incident after the title of the ground-
  breaking, if not best-selling, 1980 book by Charles Berlitz and William Moore. Countless
  mainstream magazine articles appearing in such August publications from Time magazine to
 Popular Science to Popular Mechanics gave Roswell the full-bore, cover-story treatment, while
 just about every newspaper in the country, large and small, devoted space to it. On TV, magazine-
 style shows such as Hard Copy, Inside Edition and the like devoted numerous segments to the
 case, while more politically-oriented shows like the Acerebral= Nightline and the more rough and
 tumble Crossfire did at least one show on the subject. In-depth treatment of Roswell was
 provided by cable TV=s Aeducational= channels, The History Channel, The Learning Channel
 and The Discovery Channel. The major network news shows at ABC, CBS, NBC and CNN
 also did pieces (regrettably, to be sure, these concentrated more on the sometimes bizarre hoopla
 surrounding the anniversary activities than on the significance of what all the hoopla was about).
 The climax came on the acknowledged 50th anniversary day of July 4, 1997 with all-day, live TV
 coverage from Roswell itself by the cable network news station MSNBC detailing the events
 taking place there that day. MSNBC=s anchor, John Gibson, presided over a one-sided
 discussion of the Project Mogul hypothesis, featuring a parade of the usual cast of characters                O
                                                                                              Lesley & Guy duff
                                                                                   -      R.R. 3, Ashton, Ontado K0A 1B0
                                                                                 Tel: (613) 253-1750 Fax;4613)253-1751
                                                                                                 E-mcIWrianitou@nstfl.Co
                                    d Lt. James McAndrew (authors of the Air Force=s conclusion
                                     skvblhdebunking author Kal Korff who tried to demonstrate for viewers
                               coated sponge that was found at Roswell, Charles Moore (of Project Mogul
                    ose memory, unlike pro-Roswell witnesses, is never questioned, Col. Joe Kittinger:.(of
                    s from the sky- infamy) who shamelessly tried to suggest that he was the model for the
                            firp in Glenn Dennis= stow, an so on], as the explanation of the 1'947 events.
         S - - r ajbr~'~t~$n pictures released before and after the Roswell anniversary (The Rock with
         Sean Connery, Independence Day with Jeff Goldblum, Will Smith and a cast of thousands, Men
         In Black with Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith again) as well as some recent TV series (Dark
         Skies, The X-Files, etc.) have all prominently featured or mentioned Roswell in the development
         of their story-lines. A plethora of new books with Roswell in their titles hit the book stores in time
         to try to cash in on the ARoswellmania- of 1997: Beyond Roswell, UFO Crash at Roswell, The
         Roswell File, and with at least one, The Day After Roswell, making it to the New York Times
         best-seller list.


         Case Closed?
         Now, a year:-ancl*half after those heady days, one may justifiably ask, what has become of -
         Roswell? As the song sung by Peggy Lee laments, Ads that all there is?= No longer on evening
         news broadcasts, is anything going on, or have things reverted back to where they were prior to
0        the anniversary? That would be a sleepy little desert town proudly proclaiming, AHowdy, from
         the Middle of Nowhere!_, according to one pre-anniversary post card. Hardly. In the town of
         Roswell, it can be reported that new motels continue to spring up at a brisk pace to handle the
t
         anticipated continuous stream of visitors to the International UFO Museum there. Roswell is now
         included as a Amust-see- stop in most tout packages to New Mexico and west Texas solely,
         because of-the-alleged 1947 incident. At the UFO Museum itself, besides its own tour office, a
        .growing research library and a regular schedule of lectures, the exhibits continue to be expanded
         and updated as new information is developed, and plans for a new, multi-million-dollar facility on
         the edge, of town are moving along. Recently, the Museum welcomed its 500,OOOth visitor. More
         and more in the minds of the public, the mere mention of the town's name is becoming
         synonymous with UFO.. But what of the Roswell Incident itself? Is it over, -passe or, less likely,
         solved? Has the Fat Lady, because of the continued absence of verified Ahard evidence-, coupled
         with the passage of so many years, finally sung on this one?

        Disappointment
        In 1994 and 1995, the U.S. Air Force offered up its first official comments concerning the
        Roswell Incident since Gen. Roger Ramey held his infamous afternoon press conference on July
        8, 1947 during which he Aemptied the Roswell saucer= by contriving to Aidentify- the wreckage
        retrieved from the J.B. Foster Ranch near Corona, NM by W.W. AMac=_ Brazel [which was later
        described by Maj. Jesse A. Marcel as being, Anotfrom this earth=] as nothing more than the
        prosaic remnants of a neoprene rubber weather balloon and its attending aluminum-foil, rawin-
    O   type, radar target. This time, the Air Force finally admitted that their original weather balloon
        story was wrong, that the wreckage was really that of a neoprene rubber weather balloon and an
t
                                                                                              Lesley & Guy Cluff
                                                                                          R.R. 3, Ashton, Oniorio--K0A_"l B0 — -
                                                                                 Tel: (613) 253-1750 Fax: (613)253-1751:
                                                                                                 E-mall: manitou@nstn.ca;-w
      luminum  foil, ra4,     : e, radar target [yes, Sports Fans, you  read  it correctly]  used   in a then
       OP S            i W ' roject Mogul) which was attempting to detect Soviet atom1d bo1n1
                            s
                            of constant-level, balloon-borne acoustic sensors. While the project was
             OP SECRET, the mundane equipnwnt,used in it was not and was easily recognizableao                     t ,


              eopleand civilians alikein the end, the project was a failure as the first Soviet atomic
                                two years later in August of 1949 by atmospheric chemical analysis"''nbt
    by'Iéblistkdf M        , right before the beginning of the festivities in .Roswell (the timing. was no
    accidentin our opinion), the Air Force staged a press conference announcing the release of a
    follow-up report concerning the Roswell Incident which was designed to try to counter the
    rumors of alien bodies reportedly found at the alleged 1947 crash site [the 1994 and 1995 Air
    Force reports did not address this issue at all]. They should have left well enough alone. By
    claiming that stories of alien bodies were probably attributable to high-altitude parachute tests
    using anthropomorphic mannequins (i.e., Adummies-) conducted by the Air Force ten years after
    the Roswell Incident, the Air Force and their eager supporters lost a lot of credibility in the on-
    going debate_ Reporters present at the press conference were taken aback in amused disbelief
    upon hearing this latest official Aexplanation= of Roswell, and the so-called ADumniies from, the
    Sky_ hypothesis still evokes howls of derisive laughter from both Roswell proponents and
    skeptics alike. Unfortunately, the long-anticipated Government Accounting Office=s (GAO)
    report on Roswell, released in 1995, was inconclusive. Tasked by New Mexico Congressman
    Stephen Schiff to try to locate a Apaper trail_  - pertaining to the 1947 Roswell events to see if the
    documents relating to it were properly handled and classified, it was only able to discover and                        O
    report that all of the documents from the Roswell base encompassing the time-frame of the 1947
t   incident had been destroyed without apparent authority. With the death of Congressman Schiff in
    early 1998, the case lost an important public advocate in the halls of Congress, and the
    momentum gained for official involvement in the case seemed to have waned.

    Renewed Energy and Commitment
    In the Spring of 1998, the two authors met for the first time in several years and agreed on the
    need to continue an aggressive, proactive Roswell investigation, especially now, with an increased
    sense of urgency since witnesses seemed to be Adropping like flies= at what is now becoming an
    alarming rate. At some point in the not too distant future, there will be no firsf-hand witnesses left
    to interview. Even now, we are talking with an increasing number of children and grand children
    of deceased principals. We also felt that the case, as it currently stands, is still incomplete and
    probably not entirely correct [and we are not talking here about Project Mogul which had and has
    absolutely no bearing on the Roswell events of July, 1947]. Believing that there was yet more
    to learn about those long-ago events, the authors agreed to collaborate and, as a result, made two
    research trips to New Mexico in 1998, one in May and one in October, for the purpose of
    Amining for new witnesses and re-interviewing old witnesses. Contrary to finding a stale, over-
    plowed landscape populated with well-worn paths and dry holes, we were assuredly impressed by
    the number of new leads that we were able to obtain, as well as some surprising new twists in the
    testimony of Aol& witnesses. Right now, we believe that we are on the verge of a new, or at
    least a modified, Roswell timeline and in possession of more leads than we can ever hope to                            O
                                                                                           Lesley & Guy duff
                                     ---                -   —                         R.R 3, Ashton, Ontarb .K0A 1BO --
                                            :.                               Tel: (613) 253-1750 Fax: (613)253-1751- .
                                                                                            E-mail: manitou@nstri,ca
       flow in our life        /ven our present resources. The following is the authors= first
       Ilabor , s       j   ti E represents Our consensus'as to where we believe the Roswell investigation              -"
                            e approach the new millennium.

           c              or Physl         iitvidence


     Nt :        ? l      swell investigation has been more frustrating and less fruitful than the efforts -
     of Roswe I investigators to turn-up or, in some cases, try to pry-loose Aa piece- of irrefutable
     hard evidence with Aout-of-this-worl& properties that can be traced back to the 1947 incident.
     Time and again, hopes are raised only to be dashed when the alleged possessor of such an item
     cannot or will not deliver at the moment of truth; or the claimed hard evidence turns out to be a
     complete fiction (or, to be charitable, a Amisunderstanding=_) when the claim is investigated more
     closely; or when an artifact actually does get into our hands, it turns out instead to be an exotic
     piece of jewelry [such an example can now be seen adorning a wall at the UFO Museum in
     Roswell].                                                                        `

     During the Roswell Anniversary Days of 1997„ Derrell Sims and Paul Davids held an all too brief
     news conference to offer up a piece of metal that they claimed came from the Roswell crash via
     the all too familiar Aunnamed source=. They claimed that tests had been performed on the artifact
     in question which suggested an extraterrestrial origin for it and that, additionally, there were other
     such pieces then being tested Aat respected universities=_ throughout the land which would no
     doubt also prove to be of extraterrestrial Aetiology-. Dr. Roger Leir, a member of that team,
p.   assures us that ongoing tests have also proved.positive. Unfortunately, in the year-and-a-half since
     the press conference, Paul Davids has yet to learn the identity of the Aunnamed source=. Not
     good.

     In 1996, paranormal radio talk show host, Art Bell, came into possession, again from an
     anonymous source, of small bits and pieces of metal claimed to have come from the Roswell
     crash. Metallurgical tests were performed, and the bits and pieces of metal, known collectively as
     AArts Parts=_, seemed to be made mostly of aluminum but with a dash of a few other trace metals
     for good measure. Is that it? Where do things stand now? It=s been three years now. More tests?
     Anybody heard? No follow through. Fade to black.

     When Roswell researchers obtain a lead that involves claimed physical evidence, all other leads
     automatically go to the back of the Aqueue= until the lead is exhausted (unfortunately, usually as
     indicated above). However, we are confident that such physical evidence is Aout there-
     somewhere, and one of these days, hopefully, sooner rather than later - more rather than less, our
     frustrations will be rewarded. At present, our investigation is in possession of several such leads
     that we hope will bear fruit:

     1. We are presently trying to enlist the cooperation of a first-hand witness who claims to have
     actually held a piece of something similar to Frankie Rowe=s Amemory metal= in his hands within
0    the past two years. We have gotten as far as having the witness agree to meet with us personally
t
                                                                                          Lesley & Guy duff
                                                                                      R.R. 3, Ashton, Ontario-KOA-1BO--
                                                                            Tel: (613) 253-1750 Fax: (613)253-1751
                                                                                             E-mail: manitou@nstn.ca
       try to coordina        the owners of the artifact to letfus examine it. It is quite conceivable that
       the ti                ing this we will be meeting'with all parties-concerned:

             ow of a retired MP (military policeman).whom we will call. ADutch=_ who claims to have
            f the Roswell wreckage stored in his attic for, safe keeping .and.who will supposedly give
    upr(h4T        Al n investigators when he dies. 'But when we talked to him, although in his late
    70 s      u           he was still in pretty good shape. How long do we sit around and wait and
    do nothing? [and we are NOT remotely suggesting anything like a Kevorkian intervention here,
    folksj.

    3. We have spoken several times to a relative of a well-known Roswell personage who claims to
    know of parties who have pieces of the Roswell crash material. When pressed further, he
    identified one of them as none other than himself. When asked for its provenance, he stated that it
    came, not from the craft, but from Aone of the bodies= from the crashed craft and that it is
    currently being analyzed by degreed professionals in the appropriate forensic fields. He claims that
    the artifact is not a tissue or fabric sample, but Asomething else=. He plans on going public with
    this and other Roswell-related Aevidence= in his pgssession in-1999.. We shall see.

    4. There are several Aproactive= steps that we are planning to take to try to secure physical
    evidence originating from the 1947 Roswell crash. These are in the formative stages at the
    moment as each requires resources outside the normal resource-range of most Roswell
    investigators, including us.
p   The first project involves a full-scale archaeological Adig= at the FosterBrazel Ranch, site of the
    so-called Adebris field_. Everyone agrees that something came down there in July, 1947 (even the
    Air Force agrees). The argument, of course, is about jusf  what   came down. Archaeological
    consultants to our investigation have told us that if pieces of whatever came down in Brazel=s
    pasture on that fateful day had lain on the desert floor for even a period as short as one day, there
    is an excellent chance that rodents of one sort or another [the area is inhabited by prairie dogs and
    jack rabbits] would have carried pieces of it into their nests. We know that whatever the debris
    was, there were many,. many small pieces of it scattered, according to Jesse Marcel, over an area
    3/4 mi. long by several hundred feet wide. We also know that the material had lain on the desert
    floor for not one but for at least four days, maybe longer, ample time for eclectic rodents to
    conduct their business. Having been to the Brazel site several times, rodent holes as well as small
    sink holes indeed are in evidence [see photos]. We are also encouraged to learn from our
    archaeological consultants that what we seek (whatever it turns out to be) should in all likelihood
    be waiting for us at a depth of no more than 18 inches in soil that they term, Apack rat midden_.

    The second project is also located at the debris field site located on the former FosterBrazel
    Ranch. A half-dozen or so first-hand witnesses have reported a long, fresh Agouge=_ or Askid
    marks= running for some distance amongst the debris that wasn=t there prior to July, 1947 [the
    thought being that whatever caused the debris also caused the Agouge_j. The Agouge= was
    reported to have been visible at least for a few years after 1947 by several eye-witnesses,
F
                                                                                             Lesley & Guy Cluff
                                                                                      R.R. 3, Ashton, Ontario K0A -1BO - .--
                                                                           7el: (613) 253-1750 Fax: (613)253-1751
                                                                               :_ ..:. - E-mail: manitou@nstn.ca
       eluding Bill Br
        day,
          Y h ... ,
                 ,n       f  _ and Gen. Arthur Exon who flew over the site in 1949. It is not visible
                         ,s w -m by deposits laid down by wind erosion,' heavy'summer rains and
                                                                                                                       O
                          r the ensuing years, but we know its former location from living eye-
              s. We also know from geologists with whom we have spoken that we may be ableto
              Afingerprint- of the former Agouge-, if there ever was such.a deformation of the
                   p         device known as a AGPR=_ (Ground PenetratingRadar) which traverses the
     tar
     l


         s
                            ces a readout or Afingerprint= of anomalies depending upon the depth of the
     strata being diagnosed. Results from such a test would amount to either positive or negative
     physical evidence, corroborating or not corroborating this aspect of the Roswell Incident. The
     problem, of course, is securing the use of a GPR instrument for our purposes. At present, we have
     an offer from a national laboratory for the loan of such equipment and have had a meeting with a
     major university to sponsor and participate in such a project.

      The third project resulted from a Atown meeting= that we held in Corona, NM in October, 1998
     seeking informants and/or information relating to the 1947 incident. One of the items to come out
     of the meeting was confirmation of a story that we had heard before but could not Apin down, a
     story of a young fellow who lived in the Corona area at the time.named Fred Miller.[he was killed
     in Viet Nam in 1967]. Young Fred, according to friends of his, had somehow obtained a number
     of pieces of the Roswell debris from one of the crash sites and had shown pieces of it around to a
     number of locals [confirmed by surviving eye-witnesses]. As told to us, a piece of the Amemory
     metal=_ that Fred had in his possession had somehow made its way to the senior prom one June

t
     night at Corona High School a year or so after the incident [where, according to eyewitnesses, it
     was passed around for amusement]. Word had it that Fred Astashed= all of his Roswell material,
                                                                                                                       C
     as well as anything else he did not want others to find - including some stolen or contraband items
     - in his Apersonal cave-. The problem was and still is that there are many, many caves in the
     Corona area - too many and too dangerous (rattlesnakes like to set up shop in them) to try to
    'examine for our purposes. To cut to the chase, on our most recent trip to New Mexico, we were
     able to identify AM1ler=s Cave_. Do we have any brave spelunkers out there?

    Deathbed Confessions
    In courts of law, so-called Adeathbed confessions- are accorded special weight and consideration
    from other testimony because of the belief that when a person knows that he or she is checking
    out for good, that person will want, in the end, to have consciences cleared and truth to be his or
    her lasting legacy. Perhaps the most significant Adeathbed confession to date in the Roswell
    investigation has been that of the former Provost Marshal at the Roswell Base in 1947, Maj.
    Edwin Easley. When first interviewed by Roswell investigator, Kevin Randle, all Easley would say
    was that he couldn=t discuss the Roswell Incident, that he was still sworn to secrecy. Over and
    over, Easley would repeat that same phrase to each question that Randle asked. Sometime
    thereafter, while on his deathbed, he in fact confirmed to family members his participation in the
    recovery of an extraterrestrial spacecraft and crew [AOhhhhhh, the creatures!E].

    Just before he passed away in 1994, former Roswell base adjutant in 1947, Maj. Patrick Saunders,
                                                                                                                       0
                                                                                       Lesley & Guy duff
                                                                              R.R,3, Ashton,Ontario K0A 1B0 - --
                                                                     Tel: (613) 253-1750 Fax: (613)253-1751
                                                                                    f-rnail: rnanitou@nstn.Ca
   ote on a copy         Truth About the UFO Crash at Roswell (1994) that he sent to the
   ok=s7                   die and Don Schmitt, this cathartic statement, ATMs fs t&e truth, and
                     anyone=

          ipants-in the Roswell events of 1947 expire at an increasing rate4t should be expected
th$ f     q~;        i ore confessions of the Adeathbe& variety as time passes, and such is indeed
th                      hose husband was an MP stationed at Roswell in 1947 relayed to us the
information that her husband, on his deathbed four years ago, Aconfessed- to guarding the
perimeter - but not picking up the debris - at the FosterBrazel ranch site, while another woman
told us that her husband, during the last year of his life, in 1995, finally told her of his involvement
in the events. After seeing a show on TV that featured the Roswell Incident, she at last asked him,
AWell, Dear, is it true?= He answered, AWell, I suppose that it=s time I should tell you. I=ve
been meaning to for a long time=_. He had been a cook with the 509th Bomb Group at Roswell in
1947 and confirmed to her that he was simply grabbed one day and told to report to Building #84
(a hangar) on the base. He was given a gun and told to stand guard at the hangar with other
similarly confiscated base personnel. While on guard duty, he stole a look inside the hangar long
enough to•.see debris scattered about and Asmall bodies= being prepared for shipment elsewhere.
Askedif she believed her husband when he told her this, the woman stated without hesitation or
reservation, AAbsolutely, he was telling truth to me when he knew he didn=t have much longer.-
In another case, the granddaughter of someone involved in the Roswell events (at this point, we
do not know in what capacity he was involved) contacted us to say that her grandfather had just
passed away and had left Adocuments= pertaining to Roswell that would prove something
extraordinary had happened there in 1947. As this is being written, we have been negotiating for
several months to receive copies of some of these alleged documents prior to making an
expensive trip for a personal interview and to review the originals. Finally, as this is written, we
are aware of a former officer who was stationed at Roswell in 1947 who is terminal and knows it.
He has told his family that he would like to make a statement concerning Roswell but at a time of
his own choosing. We have been in touch with the family who has assured us that they will let us
know when it is time.

Reluctant Witnesses
To qualify as a Areluctant witness=, one must be believed to possess information about the
Roswell events, either by being involved directly, tangentially, or by being a relative of someone
who was, or by other means, and refuse to discuss it at all (e.g., by citing a security oath, or by
giving what is believed to be false and misleading statements). By far, the most famous (or
infamous) of the Areluctant witnesses= still out there - at least according to Roswell proponents -
is the former base Counter Intelligence Officer, Sheridan Cavitf, who accompanied the 509th=s
Intelligence Officer, Jesse Marcel, to the Foster/Brazel ranch to observe and retrieve material that
Marcel would later describe as having an extraterrestrial origin. In 1994, Cavitt confirmed his
involvement in the Roswell Incident for the first time to the Air Force=s Col. Richard Weaver at
the same time he was still denying his involvement to civilian Roswell investigators. Cavitt told
Weaver that what he saw on the Foster Ranch that day in 1947 were the immediately


                                                                                                      7
    recognizable remnants of a weather balloon and radar target which they retrieved in short order.
    Cavitt=s-account; therefore;is in-conflict with those of other credible eye-witnesses thesanir
                                                                                           to


    events as well as with his own prior statements of non-involvement.

    The aforementioned Edwin Easley originally qualified as a Areluctant witness- but then ceased to
    be so described when he gave up his defense of, AT can=t talk about ita, and finally Acaine=
    cleana. We currently have a number of such witnesses still out there who refuse to talk, but for
    whom we can only hope that they will someday relent and tell us what they know.

    Such a witness is a former member of the 1395th Military Police Squadron stationed at Roswell in
    1947. When located living in Pennsylvania near one of the co-authors, he confirmed that, yes, he
    was stationed at Roswell in 1947 and, yes, he was indeed involved in recovery activities there
    [AYou mean that thing that crashed into the side of a hill? Yes, I was involved, but that=s I=m
                                                                                                  al
                                                                                                       l


    going-to tell you.a]. When asked why, he replied, AI=m retired military, and I like things the way
    they area End of conversation.

    Another fellow=s name was passed along to us as a first-hand witness still living in Roswell.
    According to our'intermediary, he'drove a truck on the base in >47 when he drove right into the
    recovery activities at the hangar (Bldg. #84). After seeing the debris and the bodies, he was
    grabbed, stood spread-eagle against the wall and threatened with his life. When questioned in
    person, all_he will tell us today is that he does not want to talk about it. Asked if he would ever
    consider talking about it, he replied that he wasn=t sure, but that he was sure that he wasn=t ready
    to talk about it now. Wonderful.

    Still another fellow, a former MP stationed at Roswell in >47 (confirmed by the base yearbook),
    gave us a prelinihiary statement one evening after a lecture about being shown one of the '
    recovered bodies. Later, when contacted by telephone for a follow-up interview, he denied being
    the person we were seeking (because of his peculiar voice inflections, we knew we had the right
    person). Nice.

    There is yet another witness, still living at the relatively young age of 58 years-old, whose identity
    is known to all Roswell investigators. He saw everything and could solve this case for everyone
    tomorrow [and put of us out of our misery in the bargain]. The problem is: we know who he is
                         al   l


    and where he is, but no one has interviewed him as yet. Not for lack of trying, however. He has
    the knack of being able to Adisappeara every time an investigator gets near, so far with a 100%
    success rate. How long can his luck continue? We keep trying and hoping and are open to
    suggestions.

    Finally, we received an E-Mail from a gentleman who claimed that his wife is friends with a
    woman whom she met when both worked at Walker AFB (formerly Roswell Army Air Field) in
    Roswell in 1960. According to the gentleman, his wife said that the woman told her that she had
    been a nurse stationed at Roswell AAF in 1947 and was there Awhen the little bodies were
    brought in to the base hospitala. In a follow-up phone call to the gentleman and his wife, the wife
I                                                                                                          8
     made it clear to us that her friend, who is still living, will deny everything if ever confronted with
     this informatiori:Xi tliingsnowstandwe only know the alleged nurse=s first name and the name
     of the town in which she resides: Frustration City.

     New Witnesses Old Witnesses and a New Crash Scenario`
     In addition to locating new witnesses to the Roswell events of 1947 [about 20 in number and still
     counting], our investigation has made a special effort to keep in touch with Aol& witnesses, such
     as Bill Brazel, Jr., Walter Haut, Glenn Dennis, Frank Kaufmann, Frank Joyce, Frankie Rowe and
     Jack Rodden, people who have already gone on record with their stories. By revisiting their
     testimony with them when we are in Roswell, we have been able to glean new bits of information
     from them concerning, those long ago events which, when combined with the new information that
     we are developing from the Anew= witnesses, is causing us to reconsider some prior conclusions
     as to what occurred, where it occurred and when it occurred. Without giving the store away here,
     a future article will suggest a new Roswell crash sequence while answering the nagging question.
     as to why the military keptAMac=_ Brazel in Acustody_ for so long.

     The Smoking Gun?
     Mention must be made here of a recent development in the case which is not a result of our own
     investigation [although we are now participating - but more about that at another time]. It
      concerns several photographs taken of General Roger Maxwell Ramey in his Ft. Worth office on
     the afternoon of July 8, 1947 at his hastily-convened press conference during which he announced
P     to the world that what was recovered on the J.B. Foster Ranch the day before by the Roswell
     AAF=s Intelligence Officer was Areally_ a misidentified weather balloon and an aluminum-foil
     radar target [see discussion above under ADisappointmenta]. It has been known by Roswell
     investigators foryears that, in all of the Ramey photographs that were taken that day, he is'shown
     in each as kneeling on one knee beside the remains of a decaying weather balloon and a ripped-up
     [but an otherwise pristine, off-the-shell radar target strewn about the floor of his office. In each
     photo, Gen. Ramey is shown holding what appears to be a teletype message in his left hand
     as if it had just been given to him prior to the start of his press conference. In all but one of the
     Ramey photos (did he realize his mistake?), the hand-held teletype appears to be blank, but in the
     one photo (the first one taken?) it is obvious that, although somewhat crumpled in his hand, the
     memo appears to contain writing. Under low magnification, it can be seen that individual
     sentences are distinguishable from one another on the memo, but their constituent letters or words
     cannot be made out [it is interesting to point out that we had already attempted to interpret the
     text of the Ramey memo in 1990 when we requested Richard Haines to computer-analyze the
     photograph; but back then, Dr. Haines was only able to identify a few individual letters]. Today,
     combining extreme magnification with the latest computer-enhanced analytical techniques, several
     teams of photographic analysts remarkably claim to have been able to Adecipher= parts of
     sentences [i.e., actual words] on the exposed portion of the Ramey teletype. While the teams are
     not in total agreement at this time as to what the entire memo says [e.g., one team claims to see
     the word AMagdalena=_, while someone.else reads it as ARoswell-], a single, glaring phrase is
n    clear to all who have had an opportunity to view an enhanced picture of the memo, and in our

t'
     opinion constitutes a Asmoking gun-.There is no dispute whatsoever that the phrase, A. . .
    -victims [emphasis ours] of the wreck. forwarded toFt. Worth, Tex.a, can be seen on the
     Ramey memo and, to us, indicates that a weather balloon - Project Mogul or otherwise - was
     NOT what crashed and was recovered at Roswell in,July (11947. The memo, in our opinion,
     appears to have originated with Gen.   Ramey and probably went to either Col. William Blanchard,
     commander of the 509th Bomb Group based at Roswell which was under Ramey=s direct
     command or to higher authorities in Washington, D.C. The apparent AFt. Worth connection_ is
     also especially interesting to us now since a new source to our investigation had been leading us in
     that direction before news of the Ramey memo analyses surfaced.

    What is needed now is for at least two independent investigations with no affiliations to
    Roswell, Roswell witnesses or the various Roswell investigations to conduct their own objective
    and impartial analyses of the Ramey photo/memo and to publicly present their findings; whatever
    they may be. Interestingly, the usual cast of Roswell debunking characters, including the U.S. Air
    Force [all of whom acc+tpt the Project  Mogul  balloon Aexplariation= for Roswell], has, to date,


t                                                                                                           0
     Who Mn the know= back in 1947 could have ever imagined that Roger Ramey, Apoint-man_ for
     the Roswell coverup, might one day a half-century-later-have unwittingly provided us with the key
     to unlock the door to the ultimate secret?,Oh, •.`irony of ironies. Go figure.


     / TIC•DRS


                                                                                                   10


 0
t
                    _~..   - . ..••, .   .-~~   LURC,   Iconni Ki ley,   Tom   Darrmrj   'murl 'Jmtth,
             Tom, Jr., Gai l, Dave-Darrah,Norma Ann Smith.

                                                             SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1966


    I) Greetings to you al l...we see we are slightly removed from the last
    location. May we take this opportunity to say hel lo to our dear friends
    the Darrah's? We had a very happy time in this house last time we were
    together. Your desire(for .us) to write smal ler wi l l be tried. You have
    never asked why we write so large--it's simply(that) the flow is much easier,-
    laziness on our part, I guess, but so be it!        -

         We are glad our friend's eye operation has been completed. He must learn;;
    that heal ing comes with patience...You have newcomers here to use? and we
    wish to welcome them. We ful ly real ize that the gentleman has many questions
    We. wish to assure you that if it is possible for us to answer, we wi l l do
    so...otherwise, 'we wi l l refrain...Let's go...Greetings to you al l. Whi le
    the gentleman is deciding, we would l ike to say hel lo also
    There are many here...We do not use names--names are not important to us.
    We enjoy your choice of music(Lawrence of Arabia). Music is the one cond-
    uctor we have in common. It is the most relaxing means you and others, have--=
    it's very simple to forget your probl-ems...May we hear the question?

    0:   1) IS THE OUADRATURE MENTIONED IN MR. SMITH'S BOOK(The New Science) THE
            SAME THING AS A MATRIX, THE BASIC FRAMEWORK OF THE UNIVERSE--WHAT
            IS REFERRED TO AS THE PLENUM IN PHILOSOPHY?
                                                                                                         -o
r        ...Wi l l you ask ONE question at a time?

    A: 1) Right.
    There are 12 dimensions involved,,.) know you want a direct answer. Wi l l
    you just wait for a few minutes unti l we have establ ished a direct control...

    0:   2) ARE THESE 12 DIMENSIONS THE SAME AS THE 12 SEGMENTS OUTLINED IN THE
            VELA SECTOR SYSTEM(Van Tassel's Counci l of Seven Lights)?

    A:  2) (We wi l l come back to this, but it's necessary for us to know a l ittle
           more...) May we see your drawing(insert pgs.-31-32 Council of Seven
           Lights)?This is not the same 12 dimensions our brother refers to.
    Each man to his own theory, No(answer). This is another field. You are asking•
    us to break down our knowledge of the universe...You are starting at the top
    of the Iadder...Come again!

    0:   3) COULD WE HAVE THE NAMES FOR EACH DENSITY(DIMENSIONS)?

    A:  3) One is dependent on the other. You are l iving in the 3rd right now...
        I'm in the 4th       ('know the next question, and you wi l l not be told
    further on this. This involves a lot of thinking...V~HAT IS THE 4th DIMENSION`?
    is that right?(partial ly, the next question dealt with the dimensions of the
    etheric and astral realms).                                                __ _~
F
                                  /2/


       4)IN WHAT DIMENSIONS ARE THE ETHERIC AND ASTRAL REALMS?
                                            n


  ^5
A: 4)Here we go again...l am going to answer this if 1 may do so...Astral
fl ight is made by many even on your planet, and in the flesh as you are--
dreams--another form of astral fl ight     etheric? wel l, this is another
story. I bel ieve your word in the language is--development of evolvement--
a state of mind which can, be on a low plain or a high plain(referring to
the etheric plain .in the next question).'

O: 5)IS THERE AN ETHERIC REALM, AND IS IT A STATE THAT EARTHLINGS ARE
     ABLE TO ACHIEVE?
                                                          4 also
A:     5.
      ..diagram
                                                            Etheric

    Now, as you wel l can gather, an astral fl ight can only be described--
as in other words--it goes out...Your etheric is al l around(see diagram)...
it' probably doesn't make any more sense to you than before.(It i§) a state
of consciousness might be a better phrase...(questions around the table
about the exact meaning of ETHERIC)--Sorry I am neglecting your request
(regarding) the size of the writing--you see we sti l l have human traits...

   (re the astral aspect) ...You are referring I know to the fact there are
  ,y souls around this Universe who are waiting to inhabit some(earthl ings),
Lad we cal l this a. waiting stage...and you may refer this to the etheral, if
youwish--LIFE to us is a continual flow...l would l ike to say that you can'
spend your time of rest here before you l ift the vei l ..the answer to your -
question is with you(l ies within you)...Do you wish HIM to trust in L?

Q: 6) DOES THE ASHTAR COMMAND EXIST IN OUR SOLAR SYSTEM?

A: 6) You people have names attached to circumstances, or stages...Let me say
this; what do you mean by "command"':of this Universe? LET US STRAIGHTEN YOUR
THINKING --Space people exist!

       Jesus is our worthy leader--al l souls attached to this Universe are His
fol lowers...Christ is within each of us.--Let me say a few words--There is.
ONE God...Jesus is his Image. We al l l ive in the hope that we wi l l grow and
measure .up to His l ikeness. In al l humi lity, we devote our time to this,
and in doing this you help al l tho$e who are 'in your path--YOU create your own
ladder and cl imb it accordingly...Does it real ly matter if you have al l the
answers to LIFE beyond the Vei l? This is your growing period. We do not want
you to feel you should not continue to seek the truth at al l times...this
is the whole point of l iving on this Universe--the Light of Understanding •
descends, and your l ife suddenly becomes al ive          I thank you for putting
 n with me; l have only tried to answer a few of your innermost thoughts....
  u must learn that (through) quiet meditton and the asking--humbly--
 of greater understanding) wi l l bring you a flow of truths and wisdom
                                    /3/
                                                                              :C
   A: 6)(continued)...Try it--We recommend it! ASHTAR to us--or to me--as you
      directed the question to me--is a BOOK OF MEMORIES(the Akashic Records;
~f    or the Venusian thought computer--is Ashtar a person, a command, or a
      col lective/mechanical thought process???--Owen Lake)...I have? and am
   sti l l not clear on this(Tom Darrah interposes that this is a computerized
   MEMORY BANK). YES(the entity), to me this is a Library--a computer...You
   are getting there--keep at it--it's a widespread term. There must be a
   certain centre(check this for W.B. Smith spel l ing) where you can refer al l
   information--you refer to Webster's Dictionary, or Oxford's--DO you mean
   Space People? Wel l, we are in the Spiritual World--they must know whether
   they are in touch with a Spiritual World--individuals(that is) as you know
   them--or(the)spacepeople...Right again! but this is not our field(reference
   to particular aspects of "Ashtar"), the same as you l ive in different count
   ries(on your earth), but they TRULY(belong) to one Universe...

    0: 7) THIS IS PROBABLY THE 'LAST CRACK' I'LL HAVE AT ASKING(the W.B. Smith
          Group) A QUESTION: WILL THERE BE, OR IS THERE A CYCLIC PERIOD OF OUR
          EARTH WHERIN WE DECLI.NCE AND DECAY AS A CIVILIZATION--THAT WE ARE
          'PURGED' THROUGH WORLD CATACLYSM(polar capsizal; earth orbit change,
          etc.) AND FINALLY REBORN THROUGH A 'TEST OF FIRE', AS PREDICTED BY
          JEAN DIXON, HUGH A. BROWN, et. al.; WHAT IS THE EARTH PLANET'S FUTUE?

    A: 7) Let me say--please not ask us to "CRACK" together...Let me say, that
     'u have never considered the physical condition of the Earth. There is a tir~~
       passing thru "Sun Spots" (the reactibns'thereof). The development of the v
    Spritual patterns is left up to the individuals of the Earth planet--If the
    Brotherhood of the Universe could only practice the GOLDEN RULE--Do Unto
    Others as You Would Have Done Unto You--then your Universe wi l l go thru
    ahother stage--the progress of your Universe wi l l depend on the next few years
    of your understanding. I have always said that you must be careful of Red.
    China--you wi l l never know that many on this Side(?) influence your Universe...
    I am in NO position to give you an exact time--say days or years, there
    have been many people (who) predict dates...then when it doesn't happen,
    people are condemned--so we wi l l not give you any definite time...YOU are
    seeking concretr'answers, my friend. I wish it were possible to give you some
    answer, but I am sure you know within yourself that this wi l l never be
    achieved for these answers...You'I I get some answers; you may not l ike them...
    BE PREPARED!

          Before you leave us, We wish to give you the Blessings of your Brothers,
    and hope that you wi l l continue to seek TRUTH and LIGHT...We wish you SAFE
    DRIVING, and hope some day that you wi l l have some answers...GOD be with You
    ALWAYS, and give you strength to assist you in a deeper understanding...! also
    wish to say Goodnight, and hope that meet again soon. We wi l l be here with
    you and enjoy another visit...GOD be with you, and may the Light of Under-
    standing be UPON you...And, also, to the young lady who(has appeared) (with)
       tonight--may she be blessed with love and understanding, ALWAYS...And, so tj
      say GOODNIGHT...Blessings to you al l...
U
—_________.DAT;F:.____ Saturday evening., 27th Plovember,_ 1965

          PLACE::           Gordon's Beatties', Montreal

          PRS_NT:           Murl, Gordon, Gloria, B uchanans and, Riddells

               Greetings to you all once more. Time to you has been a long spell.
          between tunes. We were highly amused at the events of the pest few weeks,
          and only regretted we could not participate, as you ci:n 'sell imagine the
          fun we could have had. Vie have many times seen many occassions that our
          humour could have been exercised. The consequences would have been mar-
          velous:

               Before we miss, or neglect to mention, I want to        thank you for
          speaking to my old friend  tonite.  He hasi^.'t changed very much, except
          has false teeth now.  He  sure can play the   piano.

                   ',ould you like to pause noz?                              'JIB

     Q. Is Russell on the right track of health treatment?
                                                                  P
     A. t He is stubborn, and should haves' t_.,
                                               - rtu:.:rc iicz b~. bra now. It's ~;oin;,. o take~a~.
          t : .. You would be wise to see he     gets   the   liver  tonic,   as ':ou thou. -ht of.
          Be careful of the pills     I had.  I don't    noc; 1ov1 ycolt will  chick,  i:ut pos-
          sibly the suggestion you have received 7:ill work. Tr„ an ra:y.             You  realize
          th ,:..t Wall€ce will never accept this lariting idea, so be c:'crY'ul       +   11
          The liver pills I used should be checked by Dr. Gel7.mders. He is the only
          one ;no would know the contents. Otherwise the: rent should be disposed of.
          They are not ood souvennrs.

               You have friends on this side who wish to say hello.You realize that
          it's not easy, this coming and `oin. Wheia are we going to settle to a
          program. Others are tilling, but you are .always too busy. I think it's
          high timef;e did something about it. You were going to settle on a nite.
          What about getting a date book?

          Bill draws a. diagram:


          Wib. The input is from the left - followed thru the coil, thru your circuit
          output to your receiver. Y'hat poser is this on - AC or DC?

          That's right.

          Please, but have the control there.                            I find it difficult to put my thoughts
          on p;'.per    this     c^^_:'n..:y.     so: etiue$t's       much e'.sier with the instruments in
          front.       At    le;'.:?t I         could.   i''.nsTrer yon or no.  This is not the niter
 27 Nov. 1965                          - 2-

 I have thought;^o -
                       you
                            -time:'7—"It's`very'discour,.ging to croak with -`-'"— `-- -
                             many


 unknovm figures, and it's just as discouraging on this side not to be able
 to give all the answers, 'even1'f I had them. I really appreciate the
 effort . I have never felt that I have truly left.

      It was interesting to learn that the gentleman you contacted is
                                                                                    O
 continuing gravity. Also you must realize that by speaking to these in-
 dividuals in3trF you establish a contact, or source of awareness, and this
 is like opening another door for someone on this sidehether you realize
 this or not. It is also part of the work you undertook to do.. Just by
 speaking you can establish a link.

       Now I must leave for now, but not before I say good luck to the boys. I
 thinkthey :all make a go of their future. I'll be back if you so wish.

                                                                      'SIB

      Greetings to you all. We have missed our evenings and our meetings.
 You will notice that many have joined us here. We ourselves are wondering
 what is the time element of many events. We are going to be interested in
 hearing a tape you have in your midst. This was done thru nediu_ship, and
 we feel a very good sincere one - your reactions, of course, :'re tabled,
 but sincerely done - Vie are not lazy; but busy with many missions to complete.

      You might be interested to know that we have org'..nized functions of
 accomplishments on this side. Pie work as a group. We take on a project,
 and all contribute to its success. We never are allowed to think neg-
 atively, and cossibly if you tried this method amongst yourselves you might
 achieve a more roundness in your conclusions. I an not by any means
 criticizing your method - only suggesting an alternative. We are not in-
 terferring, but I thought you might be interested in the way we t..ckle
                                                                                    O
 our projects. Pie sit at a round table. Pie throw in our suggestions and we
 always sit at a round tr-ile. - no sharp edges. I feel that this must have
 been handecown to us. - Pie are all equals (Agreeing v:ith a comment from
 one of our group.) 'mien an event is such the:t it is necessary for us to co
 something about situations, voluntarily we come forth - in other words we
 realize our own capabilities and only -

      Your artist friend is standing by. 'loud you hive time for his wit .and
 humor? Vie always have.

 The artist draws some sketches. lie think one is the sire we're sitting by.
 The next is a Chreitmas tree.

      I must be slipping. I'M trying to r:count the sites I've seen -bonito.
 No - the stores. I seem to have an unnatural le=.n I loved the one man in
 the white coat (traffic cop) did he rodly know who was going where? fly,
 My: That was your traffic man on the streets while you were driving. It's
 enagang how the buildings are so high up, and what does it gain, all
 jammed together like ants? (Draws ants at _. picnic.). You realize of
 course when the ants are filled to capacity they move :. r get stepped on.
'What happens to humans? Which one hat-hours the Queen?

Chance of control:         Greetings. I a ;lad to join you once again. Pie
have stayea by, as ore knew yourearthly things had to be co'pleted. 'Xe have
been very interestec in the n events as they all f it into :: pstt':rn, and         0
of course we watch closely. Pie are most concerned about the happenings
in Israel, ..nd`fro:a no:r on it ;;ill be very eventful.. There are :any thin -s
which are not happy which w 11 be commencing, but it's best :on 1 C'i'? of
        27th Nov. 1965                  -3-
        these in your ovm time. The most important thing for you all is to re-
        member your faith, and the love you have for each other. There till be
        many obstacles which will try to interfere, but you have been well trained.
        It is not necessary for us to prolong our talks in this channel, but always
        be aware of this, and the fact we are here. Even with eabh gathering you
        are strengthened. Positive charges gfow with closeness. Many         come to
                                                                             wi   ll


        join  you, and many will also leave, as they will not like their own pastures.
        You are passed this  stage of evolvement. Now you must be ever  conscious of
        your awareness  of others, and of opportunities presented to you - always when
        you feel the  positive reaction towards any individual - become aware of him
        or her, but let the advancement come from them. The gathering of many is
        apparent. You have them on all sides. Always make the most of any and
        alleontacts. Vie will always let you know of their sincerity. The advantage
        of our meetings is not only on your side, but ours also. We have need of
        many doors to be opened, and it       be your job to do this. You have already
                                            rr'ill


        committed yourselves - you have many times akked ;that could you Go - the
        time is ripe now to make these contacts, and we will continue from there.
        'rou will not even be avare of your accomplishments. This is why we have
        stayed around. Vie have had many a rough thy. Some of you have made the
        going - shall I say "difficult". Of course you are not to blame, but we
        were prepared for some rough rides, but even our friend eto flies from one
        side of your country to the other has kept us busy. You are a most active
        group.

             I will leave -.rou now. I only wanted to speak to you hriefly to try to
        explain our situa:cion, and trust you        he in tt' ±kxm c tune with my
                                                     wi   ll


        thoughts - orally - as I   knot„ each of you Tall recognize the truth and
        humiLity with which I speak. God Bless you all - particularly for being
        patient.

        Co;ment:   That we :re part of e. group with members on both sides of the veil.

             rte are of the s me brotherhood. Our group has the happy job of relaying
        thru contacts the necessity of facing up to reality, and becoming a 'afire of
        oneself. You ask if we are here for apurpose - we all are, aren't we? 's?e
        on this side could not interfere with your life patterns. You offered
        this service before you cane. Sometimes you don't like being aware of your
        purpose. When you are the "oneself" doesn't wish to finish. That is your
        choice, but you will answer for s;me. /In other woran, you w nt to t p ;;GUT
        memories? You want the door opened. You can't reach the top of the ladder
        without/climbing step by sthp. If you think beyond too c_uickly you will
        miss the centre of the apple — the seed of thought. Your trouble is
        accepting. Confusion shrwttimes blinds ones thoughts. One should stop, get
        unravelled, and start again.Up here we have to ponder nuistly by ourselves,
        go for walks, and admire of the Beauty of the Creator's hand. I wish I could
        give you more answers, but feel that is sufficient - try your hand at
        writing some day. You have no need to fear. Vie will look in on 'rou at the
        time         (From / on was addressed to Gordon.)

             You have ,.nothr cuestion in the midst.

c:?.    Can you 5:y what the still light is? (Gordon)

A.     You are r0ferrin2; to the light of enlightenment.

Q. I don't thine so.

        It la s. li;ht withit: which is enli`?tebme:      No, ':eu :1e meaning
                                                               v.


                                                                                  light of
        Understanding               of course is the a.n_v'er, abut it is not :. .n 11 Dr:._-
       it's    very meanin ful more_. To some people it reams        gnat deal. You see
     27th Nov. 1965                -
     here we
             da'riot"-use-a-"spoken"-lanceoe.- Ve- just-think our thoughts,_.and_we..__.____-__
     send them on their :way - much simpler. They are finer.     You are still
     confused my  friend.   Acceptance of many thoughts is necessary  before you go wi

                       acceptance of awareness
                                                                                           0
     acceptance of                                       acceptance
     enlightenment                                       of reality


                            here. ,you r:re

     Your rouncl table. I wish we could do r!ore, but you must realize that there
     is acceptance in degrees. F?e fully understand this ts ep.

     Bill remarks that the artist didn't comment on his dr,wing (Bill's)         depict-
     ing him trying to took through the veil.

     Artist:   You pulled a blind do:n!       You aren't re..ry to pull the blind up.

Q. Do we have to come back here again?'

A.   Not necessarily. You choose. You have a r::sting tip_', and a. checking up
     time. No "red t:.pe."

     Artist draws two faces, looking over a fence. - She is sad because he is not
     co .an; closer. Try your iaa luck.
                                          i


     Nun draws a pair of "loves birds"she saw on the train . Did she giggle when
     it tic.l.:d? You didn't see what wont on when they left the coach. (Dra-trs tto
     matchstick figures kissing.)

          'ale will leave you, if you so wish. As far as writing. We wish you
     well :,lc; .ys. Ere particularly wish pon you 11 the light of underst .ndin;,
         t. are of the love and closeness of ,tour friends.  May God be with you in
     *ou steps and. thoughts. Vie r;elcome your new one - we :ash her the same.
     We appreciate your positive thinking, and gope yore rez ding will help with
     your awareness, but remember yourself within is the one you live with, and
     must always b& your thou bt. Evolvement is not ,brays easy, but I can
     assure you it brings pe .cc and contentment, for which there is noteplca.ce-
     ment. You will be aware of this.

          Drive carefully. Sometimes you give us a rough time. Vie cannot always
     shield you - others are not necessary - I mean other drivers.

          could the d y ever come 'ae could appear, and I can sure we would do so
     much better in conversation. As it is ::e must make the best of the situation.
     Goodnite.
                                                                                           0
    * _'                  SPECIAL MEA'O9JAM EDITION DEDICATED TO
    *                                                                                                                                           *
    #                                                                                                                                           #
                     OUR FOUNDER, THE LATE WILBERT B. SMITH.
    *
                                                                                                                                            n
    44                                                        ..             ..


    4i                                                                  ,~., .~..._ ... . .:.,                                              *
    *
                                                                                                                                            44
'Ii                                                                    .. ....       .. ... _T..._ ~_...
    #                                                .-                           .....,,a._
                                                                                                                                            #

    *                                      .__. . . _.                      .-.,..m.-.:.-                                                   *
    *                                                                                                                                       44
    44                                                                           a                                                          #


    44
                                                                                  -.                                                        44
    #                                                                                                                                       *
    #                                                                                                                                       *
'"                                                                                                                                      *
44                                                                                                                                      #
*                                                                                                                                       *
             Reprinted from TOPSIDE, #12,
*            Winter and Spring, 1963, by:                                                                                               #
                                                                                                                                        #
*                                                                                                                                       *
#                                                                                                                                       *
*            OTTAWA NEW SCIENCES AND CONTACT (CANADA) GROUP,                                                                            *
# 95 Centre Street,
   Aylmer East, Quebec.
%. CANADA.                                                                                                                              #
#                                                                                                                                       *
*                                                                                                                                       *
*                                                                                                                                       *

*                                                                                                                                       #
*        *   5   *   4:    #   #   *   #   *    ii        #   *    *       4r     4i    44     #     #     44   #   *   *   #   #   4   #
            The lasts *ten ears of Wilb rt'we lifF    wire dTe ti
                                                                fl ed~„~
                          •                        idQas•hp-
                                                           •4Y   -
                                                               r~u2ate"d1
 intensive  thought  and  study. Sever .  pf jh s.
 into'.`a manuscript'entitledx¶'The New.;Science", the publieation 0
.which"is`' nesentl "under"corisideratic,ri and will be arin"rsuncad"at
 a later date,
            In .this issue of "Topside" we have endeavoured cto,}presen w
under 'crie cover. the more important writings of Wilbert,,B. Srith:on
UFOs and r• elated, subjects, It is hoped that the readari;irdll'kbenefit
from the perusal of this selection in a manner similar,to'that'whiah
we of the Ott•aWa Flying Saucer Club have benefitted from'oUr`association=
with a man of great courage, insight and understanding,                   -
                    .
      •    ...•J-


           :ate . . .. .
                            J        L,
                                tin'• f''by_Wa1laoe;41

           TEXT:           I Corinthians:      15th Chapter.

            It: is.
                       my,`honour'.`end,paanfu7 duty to speak hire a=°last few,
           one who waited faith                                                            words over -
                                            imp'atie.~ce'and has` gone - forth upon his last
           Adventure: I•was his- friend and I believe an intimate,                                ''great
           friend, To all-here he was at                                                   personal`
           wise. and understanding                        very least an acquaintance,
                                                com-_•adea hut_to. same few .o£.you an: to many a
           lead'er'':
            _           into realms' of the Mind and.,                                     adventurous
          P'ahs  t                                            spirit' . into which  there   are no
              ..., = `Wand - f'o"r~ ivliich them; are no
          Almost all' of yo u, °                            precedents= iiP humanf experience ...=. . _."
          he wasuln:hisownt'vay            heaffected`more'_thaan .-you, will `= ever = realize.vFor
                                              'a'unique soul, made_once,'never to be
          SeTd'on 3oes' earth take `unto                                                      .forgotten.
                                                      itself theTuman;casket''of so. rarer
                                                                                                 aspirit:
        Hz.had.• npremely a
0                                   consciousness.of-'intellig.ace; yet an
         guiaedby_ the'sensitivit;•..cf                                                  intelligence
         known, he lived. by.•pnd;: for.: hisconscience. ,More'. than,_:most.-men=,L: ever. -have
         turning- aside•. .:Bore than.::almostcon'rictions :'=without faltering: or';:,, .-
        by liis;feeling'~ tha                          anyone;.I;have•: known he felt          and lived
                                     'he::'hadm
        -ould i}e oust: fulfill ;"tha-:.           mission    on this earth: and that ,
                                                                                             - if -lie;_;::
        has ever,,,had:".a' sense              .micsicr at any cost to himself. '
                                     .of.;destip.;. will .understand that                    Anyone.; who
        beyond.. tfie value :of:_l:ife::itself.                                     feeling of purpose,
                                                        The • Apostle
          .w.....,_.s Pasteur: and:Haridel had its each in his Paul had it, - Shakespeare
       Milton'
        corc cntratiori.•.of:inten :`fei                                  .ozm degree:.,. Without -:its
                                                great lives,
        erdurirg:. :spit itual`'sculpture, :                     chisel:led`by;will-power`into
       them."'Like'tnem he kriew.,with ;a          could have left   •:. iinper3:shable ; works,zbehind
       life was unimno; Cant - but                   deep  inner   conviction        that this personal
                                              that   the ' r
                                                 'earthlypt_ese        "          d  was
       t':?an histrarsietit        hold upon                                             mmen...Irhadeus
       icnowl.;che; confe$sed _that !.he..*as ,                     MJieetlan most
      for ha.soughtr`a better                         ar:stranger,iand..pilgrim on the-cearth -
                                       'coltitry5 teat?>is a::heaventyn°                      'b iens
                                 '
      And Fhe shad dourage - - not:it.9 kind
      ardal.ift -s,r:the hearts :of other men :wnicfi.:wins
                                                       to
                                                                     medals :•but"tha@which==moves
      deemed ta;=be="=tie ,.trLth -: and                  high  :purpose';;.:,   He held to what he
                                                :could  neither`  yield     ;it                         r..
                                           or the scorn -of`=Tesser - men:., Hehide .hiisel₹'
     rf om contumely,nderis"ion                                                 ;nor
      to stand alone, knowing that                                                     had the="strength
    • but by the perception                     he was judged, not by the
                                      of God.                                        opinion   o£ rabbles,


0
       • s  '   f+d aAJ' Zoe} r th t g:                           f  r  - +af

      II
      was$fullyyTatref6Mtahakwoul&belbrought td'aocount3 forrhia$V
   stewacdshiq" d          yen'-'thist effort In his life he rememb~eroWSthq
    rbyerb~ Sees thou,a'man diligent in bushess? He ahal 3 tand
    ore •kings; F4teewsnall >noot stan•d before' mean Seri,. 'An& srhe truly,
   The_contumely nevgr' ouchod hire H.nd.the 6erision rebounded upppn'J
   doriders,`for~neveraonce;¢as I; new him, `.did .he bend ,before thd.s
   or flea from the Wrath of uninformed or malevolent opinion
   He belongedR`to nd church on earth, nor had he affiliatioii with, -or
   real joy in any, - He"was impatient with the empty platitudes of-relig-
   ious, Speech:,=,.Yetwhen _he encountered. the Church.of Christ;',"he .s
   recognized t      for_'it, called to - his spirit:and..thcugh`heTdid'not
   answer' that summons in this life he was assured, as 2 am, that he
   would answer it .ii .the Life to.eome.

    Indeed,"_he'had :great; love,."in: his spirit for'that Eternal Goa whose
    child he ;was;-,:- and that Son ;:of..God, even.Christ, whose sworn servant
    ha_woul3:.be. , He`;was.;not always..;right or did he claim to be a saint,
  :Yet,.1he wanted desperately to be right and to find those eternal
    truths, beyon3_ .the;:trivialities_of pious .phrase,.,which give:power affil
- -•meaning and :sudden ,.illuminationJto the right words in the'.right .mouth,.._
    as they come by the inspiration o£ God.
  t watched him,.':in1his-latter illness into what"he had never before been
  - not `merely _an:intellectual, who. had intuitive answerc'beyond ordin-
                                                                                --


                                                                                     O
  ary knowledge -. but a. humble suppliant, waiting for the loving,.
  merciful- answerpf God, 2 .saw him. give himself into those Hands-:and -
  receive the =.bei eaiction.of that Loveand .prepare himself .:in.spirit ..
  for'the absolution of that Mercy. 'And I feel deeply certain that
  God'; who framed: his spirit and gate to it that passion for truth, :
  shall teach him in the World to Come - his present World - that which
  he,:above all. else, wished to know :better. And he will learn,;eagerly
  - for he died with a great yearning for'that ..c_oning Adventure'-which
  is beyond time and space, sorrow and death;' - 'and "'is the only .- ue
 treason and hope for human life upon this-earth,                       -
     To whom .shall .1 liken him, but to Valiant-for Truth, who when he had
     understood that.the..summons had^_come, called his friends-:and-toldr=
     them of it, Said"he; 'I am going cto:-my'Father's;"and though with
     great difficulty 2 have got hither, I do not repent me of all the
    troubles I have been at to arrive where I am. My sword I give to him
.;.-that :-shall--succeed rime in my :.pilgrimage; my courage andvskill.:to hiS: .
     that can -get it;., H .marks. and .:scars .I carry with .me to be.:a,witness:
    for me that:I have -fought His- battles, Who. will be -my Rewarder';--::So..;
„• ..he:passed ;oyer..and all .the trumpets sounded .for him on the other side;


                                                                     _._ -_..__3--
           u   x. z       a
                          srw -.,z   =   .,y.   .
                                           iraFr °  .s ait  r   ~*
                 aYS,
           riends,,~w  ore~he4now is,~we~xal s~hall~rsurey               *r r
   land, detached rforever from the tontinen't fioP ,our, conscious lssw.       1,    !
  ach of bus must crass those straits arid,"be~ carrie"d into, hea, unlmdwn Sea
  eyond•. Now,wtif;~these3$were ,not5 cha ted torus, then had we good' reason
. or,fgrief at our,=ppassingv.and fear y of the perils that lid ₹~xaknEFa& But,gOne
went before us and charted that Sea. He walked upon 4those waters and"
left His imperishable imprints upon =immortality, even asr He             did ,upon ,this
                                                 consistent, eternal' --•-_____
life.    His footsteps'are continuous
 For first He established for us that hone"should sleep₹but th'at1
 himself, all should be resurrected from earthly into .heavely.:bodies:
that there is no escape from our eternal life - the continuity„of ' _,__,•.,_
 consciousness for good and evil alike - for the intelligent and hampere
 the` obedient 'and. the wilful; the informed and ignorant." We cannot run
 away into eternal sleep' -`for there is'no-rest which the Voice"of God
 will not qutcken•nor"avenue down - which'the sentence of 'His Judgment may
 not carry:' .Eternity' is no easy thing 'for 'us "Z to face, yet, since He
 died on Calvary'Tor'us   and was resurrectedto
                                      . ;. .          this we have-:no ;
'alternative;;.. .

Secondly :He'=proved that when wedie we continue .our::consciousness...,< ..
not in am tate 'of suspended animation.'' But we inay, if we be worthy
be called with'the blessed into•=Paradises;orotherwise be-consignedtoc.,.
the Prison of 'the, Eternal. Here, we are school@d with learning and
correction until we become truly fitted for eternal life. What, indeed,
is prison but the deprivation of freedom?, let',', how_.,could we ;share in
eternal life:if.We have not'earnbd, by obedience to its laws, :.the
right of access to the freedom of'His Kingdom? It is not in -the
justice o£"God that only a few should be saved and the rest condemned -
a few in bliss,'the rest in eternal pain. Christ died not to save a few
but all men from destruction. Otherwise, would His life and death
have been in vain and He 'who by 'every'act and word proved that He
loved all_.inen, be_.merely,a:•respector of persons.
Thus, we are assured that in His Divine Justice and Mercy, there
shall be a Second Chance for those who had none upon this earth;
and for those, also, for whom improper teaching and representation
had failed to remove,:the veil of prejudice and folly from their
eyes so that they might discern the living beauty .of His truth.


                                                                             .    .4


                      _
                                        ose inprison"since 4hey~~da's                      of
 When Oririst p' Q o'                                       this
                                                                    S.fiAi%IiS
                                                                 ~Se~aondOhanoe    .    vAES~rs+x
                                                                                                  ;
 Noah it'was'.thow.        a u'v'.ur'-V i. ndication uo€~
         ,.- .~          ~
                                                         thus  preparj         ' e   themselve
-He preached that .,they might xlearn~an`d r>
-for the freedom    Hof#Eternal          rLife'    41  P~titer A „ 4ib")' .For`,~this                 I
                                                                    atvay'e~ Yeah
 cause .was ° the gospel preached, also to xthem ,t theflesh~
 that they might bet`4udged`•.aceording tovmerithat            in
                             in      Spirit"    ..`;'LAnd-to            schooling ',k :
 live ';according,to,;God ;;                                  ;.thatt      hetoormight
 if.it be God's will,'shall our,•brother.go,
:dive _..4ccording.-to :God.in Spirit.. > "

                                                        -'as,de'scribed so
 Thirdly, beyond all this, lies the Judgment                    ancan escape
 factually -and realistically in 'Revelation'. Church      No th in this.
 the Judgment. -:.whether he has learned of the               our punishment -.
 life, : ,or,. in ._the next... .; Nor is there escape from
                                                         act and choice we _
 or,:reward.. .:They _are each inherent in every service          ;to God. ..,;:
 make whether..;for, rebellion :against-;or true life to say with --
 Not       many men has it been granted in this
                                                good fight, .I have finished.
  the Apostle Paul: --"! have fought aHenceforth,          _..there is laid up
  my course, ;I .have icept the faith. .:          the Lord. the Righteous
  formea .crown _ofRighteousness,,-_which                   ,only but unto..;all..:.
  Judge ; shall: give: me. at•that .day , and : not. to me
 },them also that Love His appearing".
  As .to_.our.friend and . brother here,        I, personally,. know that he .
 loved his Lord and,-that he waited: anxiously           for His coming.
                                                   his Saviour    and :his..:
  And into His hands,-.who is his.Lover,               Where   could   he be           .,
 Eternal Judge, we. now commend his spirit.         such  infinite   growth?     •._ .
  safer.,.or more at peace, or capable of
                                               where is thy
 'Oh;m ath, where is:thy sting? ..:Oh,.Grave,
                                           the  strength of sin
 victory? The sting of death is sin; and giveth us the victory,
 is the law. But thanks be to God, which
 through our Lord, Jesus Christ'.

                                                                             Amen.
                                           tIt1sTFii•;.~.~
                         ~t~BEL~fiESTEx                      AL ITY' 'OF',~SPACECRAF


                                 Yy~~F K'•4,KY~~.B Y                                 F .N~;,
                                                                                -~
      I`have ;been 3 actively engaged in' ohe investigat ion Hof the group
      phenonenae` known ,as5gflying saucers for over seventy years ;`During this
      period~I have read mostfof the available literature on the subjects;';
      interviewed' 'a' great many people, who •»have: seen` unusual" jhings in the,
      sky, examined many pictures and ,physical.`objects, made observations
    • with `scientific :instruments and carried on series of`communications
      with"intelligences chaiming.'yto be extra-terrestrial. I started the
      investigations out of "curiosity and as an extreme' skeptic, fully
    .expecting to find the pheiiomenae to be due to man-made or natural
      causes.

     I am 48 years old, hold a Masters Degree in Etectrical• Engineering,
     occupy a responsible, position_ in the Canadian Government; hold a half
     dozen patents;:-author.of several_technical'papers and in general
     enjoy_'a.background in technical work and science indicating at least'
     an average.competence'to"study and . report on phenomenae -.of a scientific
    'n&ture. I: have tried.so far.•,as possible to use conventional and
     standard methods and•equipment'-and to investigate all possible angles
c    before drawing any conclusions. :In other words, I have followed.the_
     same general procedures which I would .lave followed if I had undertaken
     to study some more 'prosaic subject,. such as radio wave propagation.

     The first phase of the work consisted of reading all available liter-
     ature',.collecting as much observational data as possible, and in
     general getting a fair prospective of the problem. The second phase
     involved•theoretical and laboratory work to find openings in our
     technology and to establish relevant reference points, and the third
     phase involved following up the many and varied leads which developed
     from the first two phases. •

      I do not intend to dwell on the first phase.of this work as my
      exp-srience was -quite parallel with that of. other•investigators who
      have provided extensive published reports, of their findings. Nor will
      I dwell'on the -many dead ends which were'explored, which looked
      promising at first but faded out under careful investigation. Nor will
      I be able to be as specific as I would like to be with respect.to
      material given to S .in confidence, or which came to me :through
      "classified" channels. Furthernore, it is not my, intention. to.try and :
    ' convert- anyone 'to ay way of thinking, but nerely 'to state, what 'I believe
      and why I believe it.
                                        '   rfacts                               ,                   ~,       y,
                         sf r+ &                                                                          w
                                                                                       •


                                   Th                               .isCR.hx731` 'n~       .rX
                      undreds of normal'honest4peoplerhave seen1ig4s in
                              'which e✓
                   t a..',..t LZt     behaed
                                        a r     like   noli
                                                         t- i'￼￼ .~.i „Fa,
                                                                          ht'normall
                                                                               ;#.sshr      *-x yf3.kseen`4n
                                                                                                                    the
                                            --_   'r
                  ,O u h~ tt 'Vb
                  r6               ~dbehaVe ' „ .. 4 '. ?'Esc    i * g x{ i~-.~'~ fxS'~'['r-mod., S.M3•`~
                                                                                                          ~r'H"~~ux 7~~'~ „5.`
                  ="Hundreds'^of normal honest people have seen,what appear
                  __.besolid real."bbjects in the ';sky which .behaved'like ;no
                     ohjeclf normally seen in the °sky ought ..to behave.
            (3) ; ;Hundreds of people have seen objects in the earths
            . _ - :"atoosphe°re :at sufficiently close range to see enough
                 ,detaily.to._enable.them to say definitely what'the`objects
                 "''were hot,"even though they could not identify what they
                     were;.
           (4) Descriptions of these object's from observers where cir-
                  . ,cumstances virtually preclude collusion, check quite we11
                     among themselves and against data received from other
        . ,.. ,., sources.                                                                .
        •
                                                     .
  It is.not"reasonable to assume,that hundreds of ordinary normal people
  whose word `.we: would .readily accept under more mundane' circumstances, for
  instance'as-;witnesses...to an automobile accident, should :.suddenly-=become
  liars .:fools;:rouotics and otherwise quite incompetent observers.. I
  have, nterViewed:.many..of;-thesa.people.myself and I am convinced-that
  they are•~•'sahe sober; honest folk who are reporting as best they can
  something;which; they really did witness. I will concede that maybe
  some of these'.people did not do as good a job of observing as someone
  who was better trained might have done, but within their limits I
  believe they did honestly report' what they saw.

  Let us•look at a.few.moie facts.
       :'(1)_,There have been. several close brushes with these objects
              and...in.:one .case .at least_.the aircraft; pilot lost his life
              as:a consequence. (Captain tiantell.was reported killed as
             .a result ;of chasing a flying saucer on January 7, 1947.
              The incident is described in detail. in THE REPORT ON
              UIIDENTIFflD FLYING OBJECTS by Edward J. Ruppelt, pages
                    51 to 60.)
             (2) People who nave been near these objects have described. ..
                 physical.sensations::which .are.:unusual to suy the lease; .but
               :which ;are: quite•;consistent 'with what is' known "of'.the '
                _;teclznoingy under which they operate.

    While the foregoing .may. seem, rather incredible, n.avertheless there .
   ?pxists: quite';;good: records: in :support o£ these occurances'. •:Furthermore
.,.the Ztechnology.:of'which:we .have been able to get a glimpse, namely tha
  :of:the' manipulation of the three basic fields, electric,;magnetic and
    tempic, •indioates quite a straight forward answer to an explanation of
    these phenomenae. In Mantell's case the altered field configuration in
                    Mr       ru* c          e '   a. faTx                •t           f s
      the vicinity 3jof   the ,craft i reduced:;the.~binding uforc©s` "s ithfn''.the~r,~~4
      structural members of   x the,aircraft to a value below tthat'of~the boa.
      which theyr      e ' "
                  #:yi,ze,,cxpeeter3,„to carry; so,-they.3us~z cameap              ,,,The3®~~t
      altered binding forces have been measured by; `simple instrt cohts
      people in my' group 'and have been found to be quitesigniffcant`
      more.there was probably. a substantial reduction in*tempicfield
    • intensity in -the vicinity of the craft which. iiantell approached;"whic
    • would result 'in an effective rise in temperature "of             `e`~ aircraft and
      contents. I understand that Iiantell's body gave every, indication.of
      having been subjected to considerable heat, and not ;from the outside in,
     A rise in temperature in the vicinity of these craft"froflsewhere has
     .:een reported on .many occasions,' as has also an apparent alteration in'
     -:'le direction of gravity. Both of these phenomenae 'are :tempic field
     functions and would be expected i£ the craft were making use of
     combinations of fields which involved substantial modifications of the
     tempic field function.
     There have been quite a number:_o£,:alleged c=,mmunications•with
       ntelligences claiming to be•%xtraterrestrial. I have followed up each
     ......n instance which came to may.,attention..to the best. of,,;my_ability in
O    as effort.tL (a) establish nr disprove the validity of the alleged
     communication, and (h) to obtain any information which might be
     available if thu contact should prove to be authentic.


     's might be ••,xpected many of the contacts provided little or nothing
        value, but c few did pay off.• Some of the contacts have been the
     sujject,of'published material,, but by far the majority are confidential;
     and there are a surprising number of these contacts.

     The procedure in checking contacts was to ask a number of innocuous but
     significant questions and compare the answers with the answers to the
     same questions as obtained through other contacts. Questions were of
     the type; Do people live on the planet Mars? If so, what is' the general
     shape of their houses? Do people on Liars use coinage money?. If so,
     v:hat does it look like? All together some hundred or more questions
     were involved. The results wore spectacular to say the least. Among
     the contacts that, might be classed as authentic there • was: almost
     complete agreement, Among the oth•.r alleged contacts there was
     extremely poor agreement or none at all. Of course where agreement
     :as general but one or two points didn't fit an effort, was made to find
          the.•reason for the discrepancy. In each case it was found that
     someone had injected a terrestrial idea or comment, frequently of a
     religious nature, instead of transmitting faithfully that which was
     received.
0
                                          a   iv   ~+ 4,   .   -   +qi   :1f~, ✓y r
                      `t "x5'-daY ` ' ,
                                    jg'        K ~'S                                  r   t   rk x ^ti,~   .na -   +   , -m
 'Having looatedf~pN
                         what    'seemed to e, .S°Fchannels
                            rym^~,„a G.~'my,,,;x}-r                     of~co communication     between'^` r 4
                                                            '~"+'           '}n     ~,'
   ourselves' and these extraterrest iai                          i.ntel] iga~nces ~ the ,next;and yobvvio
   step was to try, and"get as much information aspossible.° As maybe,
    'xP.,ected i n~
                ~"this'effort was                        ~~       r`cte towards
                                                     rfdrst`directed             r` s ' ~science~and
   technolo          but                     became                            here        a
   quitd1large            Let' een this                  n ascieneaand 'that in ichy2 haw.
   trained':'==,Certain'cruciaai experimentsfweresuggested andhcarrie4.ou~,
  and in each', case the results confirmed the validity of the alien science.
  ,Beyond ,this point the alien science --just seemed to be incomprehensible.

    here followed a period oft`soul'=searching during which many doubts were
  raised. We felt that we had:"established the reality of the craft from
  elsewhere, and of the intelligences associated with them, and while
  we were able to establish that.:these people all told the same story, w<-
  that story the truth? There existed some pretty good evidence to suppt_
   their statements, and precious little with which to disprove them, but
  :re did not overlook the possibility that there might be some other..more.
    onventionial 'explanation- We -looked •carefully--at every conventional _
• explanation we could find; but they all fell quite short of the mark.
  If the whole_ thing were 'a' delusion -j then- quite a large -number .. . ..
  people must be 'suffering •from.She._ same .delusion, .and a .externalized.
  delusion into the bargain. I£ it were a hoax, then it was._.by far -the (~
  most gigantic hoax the world hadr:ever known,. and .to what..end,.and_by ..
   ^hnm perpetrated, and who was putting up the money because some of the
    ' idence" must have cost a pretty penny to produce.

 The inevitable conclusion was-that -it was all real' enough and' that
 these people from elsewhere were probably just what they claimed to t'-'
 :he science however 'was definitely alien, and possibly forever beyond o .
 nomprehension. So another approach was tried the philosophical and
 .'re the answer was found in all its grandeur I will not go into
 detail on .the many revisions in ideas and basic thinking which had to
 be undergone, beyond stating that there were indeed, many. The people
 from "elsewhere" displayed great patience and understanding in helping
 me to otercome many of the prejudices and stores of misinformation
.which I had spent many years accumulating. I began for the firs time
 in my life to realize the basic "ONENESS" of the universe and all that
 is in it. - Science, philospphy, religion, substance, and energy are all
 facets of the same jewel, and before any one facet"of.the jewel can
 really be appreciated the-,form o£ the -jewel itself must be:perceived.
                           j
One of the most important things I h:zd to realize was that we are not
alone. The human race in the form- of MAN extends throughout the
universe,• and .is'incredibly ancient. Also, its .appearance in physical'
Trm is but one o£ its many manifestations along the path of progress.
0r civilization here on this earth is only one of many that have come
aM gone. This planet has-been colonized many times by people from
elsewhere, and our present human race are blood brothers of these peop'`
Is it any wonder that they are interested in us? To orthodox thinken-     _-_ _-
this may see:" strange, but no__t nearly--so_strange-as-our--ideason
evolution:-----------
     x The guest on migh~t'be{asked, "If tthesex people really trare k{or                                others
         and§
            mare q'interested         our„icelfar'e,
                                 in'ifst             why      doh. they ~'remain         sowalobfv't
             ~~   X   iv a, w.,~                e    ~. s+ rnft      ~w+cl .sa§.s@of.,:~TM<3 "y n rha.'~uX ,y We
         have bbeen~gi.ven~~thes"answer. ._a, Therekgis,~,a,Fbasic     .law~~oP~theu~niverse~'whioh
         grants 'each and every individual independence and freedom of choice F
     ry`that 1he may ex erience andwlearn from phi s`'`experlencet.c~ No one has the k
      fiariglt to"Interfere ~in the affairs of others. In fact, our„Ten
    • Commandrients nr`e,directives against interference; If.we disregardzt
     • law we .mu`st 'suffer the consequences and a liftle thought will thaw
        that the present `deplorable world sate is directly attributable to`
        violation `of'`"this principle..

       These people from elsewhere have much greater knowledge than we have
       regarding the sequences which must not be altered, and while they ma;
       have every desire in the world to help.us, they may not do so at this
       time without running the risk of altering significantly sequences which
       are very necessary to our development. Therefore while they stand by
       ready, able and willing to help us, they may notdo so until a.
       propitious Itime of which. they will be informed in due course. -The
    • dividing line between help and interference is very delicate indee3 and
       and sometirtes herd to perceive, but it is. a mark- of' individual and
     • collective progress how wei we can. be. guided .by it,


O     I am told that•one of our difficulties is that we do not recognize a
      suffieient-numbe: of dimer.:ions and make use of them in our science.
     Furthermore, we do not recognize the true nature of dimensions o=
      their place in the universe. I a. told that so far as we are concerned
     there are twelve dimension s and--these provide to :>cessary and
     sufficient. structure for the entire universe. Our concepts of dimen•-
     saons are most inadequate and restrictive .and so long as we persist it
    ,_them we can never transcend the world of mechanical processes which we
     have conjured up.

     In science we have an established procedure alwayz to tie a new dis-
    covery.or observation to that which we already t:ow, even though to do
    so requires extensive "patchwork" and "perturbation" factors to be
    applied to our existing .knowledge .to make the - new 1;nc;.ledge fit.. We
    invariably assume that the new lc:owledge must somehov: be closely
    related to the old and we are most zealous 5 . tying ':he two together.
    Ac a consequence. we bend and warp our units of knowledge so that we can
    fasten them together whether or not they .belong together, un = we have
    fabricate: quite a structure which is almost completely closed on itself.
    Consequently, when we do find knowledge which should, but just wontt fit
    our -structure we donit quite know what to do with it, so we usizally
    reject it,


C                                                                                                           ~,
                                                                                                        •
  I xam informedr chat         science
                   Y4Ry `-iY. cS  I
                                       isreally,
                                          ''
                                                 much ;more simple
                                                ^Tw"l 1 '3x css~r IFF M
                                                                               than
                                                                                 .iA" b'gdFA:pJ
                                                                        rz "t~
 ; and all the cemponent x rparts l fit together,,        perfectly without any
   corrections , Possibly, we ,should start over 2ugain and yeas"s e'm
   snowledge in a diF ferent ,pattsrn, ands{4thi~s'' time fit" the pieces
 1 igsaw;puzzle ~toge~thor+ ;Groperly without trimming the' pi;ces. ,
   sure 4,that if we were Ito ado this, 'and' accept the philosophy' upon
   this new ,approach rust „of ,necessity beybased, we Twill beable~ t
:the .technology arid the Tway of • life'nwhich is=demonstrated to us
'•presence of the spacecraft and our brothers `from•ElsewheTe v


                                                     f#                  H

                                        :S. •:t.RTti' I...£ J4,aM.
                                             ;.B. SYTTITli

          Our U.,ivurso is C: very large !_lace, rauca larger than our
minds are capable of .understanding. There are several billions of star
in our own :,ilky Jay Galaxy .alone, and there. are :billions of sithil:.r
galaxies scattered throughout space and within.,ran~e of .our„large•,,,,
telescopes. The Universe is also incredibly old_. Our earth alone is
estimated to be several biilion.yaars-_.old,,, and, it. is, presumed that the
stars are much older; Maybe the universe doesn't even have 'an -age;
that it•is eternal and ever passing through the cycle of energy to
                                                                                                       0
matter and matter to energy. The episode of Man on this planet, so
far as we can determine, is relatively an extremely small portion of
the lE.ger time that the universe has existed, and the periot.ofw
recorded history is relatively even shorter.
       •  Wa consider the race of Man to be native to this.planet and
to have evolved here from lower life forms. We look upon our present
civilization with pride and realize that we have accomplished much
particularly in the last few centuries. Even in the past few decades
we have made tremendous progress in certain directions. Therefore,
it is only natural that we should be egotistical about our position
in the Universe. But _are we alone? Are there not others in the
Universe who, alr ,, have progressed? The Universe is very large and
has been here a long time.
         .In the past few years we have taken our first faltering steps
out into the vastness of space, first through the Sputniks and now -
through panned space flight. There is no doubt that we can do it, and
if we can refrain from blowing ourselves to glory *ith atom bombs, we
most certainly will do it    In the light of our present technology,
and not allowing for any basic new discoveries, our timetable calls for
interplanetary space travel well before the year 2,000, and a• good
possibility of inter-stellar trips being initiated shortly thereafter.
                                                                                                       0
                                                                                                  11
                '                                                                  ~"i"?           T2'"'₹dr SK±v                                      ,1.:, Zaa,p^ ~+
                                                                             K.t               r


   )' s             Our, space Ftravel plans include exp-'oStien axpl?Ltat{one
   _yid colonizatit t ofcthe'other plarietg; s4~f n as this ~ay:ibe Npoadib
   and there' S     iso ff( no'
                              r doubt
                                  a e, ; t that   - this      thinkth W1iSc bri ,~ Mrw~-     exteri         ed ttohihe,                  t?
                                                 ys    ra s ' a arsy, fr wa+ u si ws'           'a''u^ is rp nng u          s
 " planets attached to~#other sstarsaas                      q>w
                                                                      soon= s9 e~can arrange o~ge~t
' 'there.
        r
            , • Mankind
              ~~ N o
                                has      always
                                       t:rcA ram
                                                    been,~an
                                                     tx s         y r adz    e tthsdm      ~ Cb41Ure             ~~'       4 ~r~ ,
   conquering;£colonizing ana'exploitirig, aM them 4 s~ little reason
   think mLthat  9a
                     his; future actions will be muc
                            bi    >         t$ 4F~aY •.,..                        x
                                                                                      differdnt froni ~thMexin                  P
                                                                                                                     4.r,JC~2:"G"'2*.°~,
                                                     . r     ~       '+1 s.~+~,. v
                                                                 tia:..r,,iv              8        s 5    -        A
   past     •                         • x ~~*~.•.                                         .-.~~~"e'✓'hz~tctxfiit~a~4i~'Y,zr~'4b          tJa4'Zi
                                           ;,•ar   ..             'gYr.y; .6+i f ~.'',"t-~yy                 ~a?^'v GsA ar a P
                                                                                                   '*'efi~                  -- k£ Y93+   taw k'rt ;                     -
              Our large 2telescopes indicate low"order perturbations
   the positions of several` of the .nearer's'tars; ;such as µcquldi bea `
   accounted for 'by,.the presence of :large' xplanets 'arid: ,iCthere'; are
   large 'ones there will probably be stallerones z also. . In'r'fact;` it is
   generally agreed now that planets attachdd,to,star& are t:ore,.probably
   the rule, than' the exception, and that we will eventually' find the
   heavens filled with all sorts of primary and secondary bodies.

            When we consider the extent, the age, and the opportunity
  of the Universe, an'.9 the fact that we do have intelligent life here
  on this planet; it is only reasonable' to. specilata.that somewhere .else
  in the vastness 'of space and the eternity of time, other intelligent
  life could have blossomed forth. Since we have-made 'such rapid
  progress towards space travel.-in such. short time, a differential
  of only a few hundrl or at the most a few thousand years between
  the development on ,some other planet and, oura,could easily .have
O resulted in a race capable of doing right now what we plan    to.do in
  _he near future. Furthermore, it'.is quite possible -that such-&'race -
  may have reached this critical point eons ago" and to them space
  travel is as commonplace as the wheeled-vehicle -is to us.

              Now, if this should be the case, and this alien race were
   anything like us,.they would probably set ,1orth.to explore and
   col;n_ize'as rapidly as their means would permit. It is rather obvious
   that, even with the speeds of travel available to us„it would be
   much quicker to colonize the universe than to wait for Nature .to
   evolve separate races in each and 'every favourable environment. In
   fact, intelligent races might even set about accelerating environ-
   mental conditions to their liking, seeding and stocking planets with
   appropriate life forms, and watching over them while they develop.

              The foregoing is nct just idle speculation, since we have a
   great.deal of evidence that something like this is actually happening.
   The Darwinian theory.'of evolution shows" certain ro.ati:nships between.
   the various life forms which inhabit this planet, but there is very
   little evidence to indicate that they all evolved here, Maybe some of
   them did, but a more reasonable explanation is that they were brought
   here when the planet was in suitable condition' to receive them.
   Recent spectroscopic observations' of the.reflected light from Mars
   shows the presence of vegetation Mhich synthesizes sugar, thus making
   it closely related to much terrestrial vegetation. Radio telescopes
   are picking 'up'all sorts of radio noises from. the sky, many of which
   ire so systematic as to preclude natural origin. Peculiar markings,
   light flashes', and. cloud or dust formations .have been seen on Mars and
   our noon, And, 'nost significant of all, the°craft of these alien
   beings 'have' been seen near, and on, this earth:'
                                                                         12
              T+ .w                         "••'                         k¢++~,.,vf$d ~'   .nk# F:a: F' 7^S°
                         ~+~~il~.~.+`'"t'          'y~`"r v*• P "3 ~'*
                                                           t'k
      e          egonds d history. abound in. stories Yof9visits~1to     this flaP
   by bbeings fr~om'tho skj(     ings.    "dh,&mei! in, stran aacraft capable of
 • the,most extraordina ,porfornande and ,who-themseives possesSVgr4
• piwer s or hdd ate h1f'6ommarid strang'e foSe's f much'b©y~ond
                                                                      .thri~deel!
   stand'ing~ of. thrsimple •fo~1 'whop:witnessed theseeethingsi rThere¼is, mu&
  `evideno6~that this has goone'ota]1          Ugh,traitHages Ø€end ipj' o1ng{on !
   right now[ With exeellent°snews fathing and de`sseminattng -teans4af
   our disposal, very little happens_'anywhere inrtkie world which'is4q
   reported •and, if 'it is of- asufficient interest, -gets `wide publicii _SQ
   During the last - ten+years ;or'nore there has .been ,much,.publicity.~about;
   "Plying Saucers" and thousands of reports hav& been maderof-ksightings•
   of these strange objects in our skies. But this is not an exclusivel
   recent phenomenon; only,the publicity is recent. Ever since w& have:rra_
   had newspapers"there'have been similar reports, but the absence of=;;nevus""
   services nzitil recent times usually confined the details to a few local:;
   papers, and searches of old newspapers files confirm that flying saucers
   are old stuff.

             The tense international situation in recent years has made
• everyone jittery and anything in the skies which could not be established
  as known and friendly was regarded with suspicion. Consequently,
  procedures, projects, and publicity combined to make the- whole subject
  of flying saucers appear quite out of perspective. Instead of
  recognizing them for what theyprobably really were, they became a ward
  of the Military, and 'since the Military are charged only with the defen~
  of a country, their interests waned when they had established the fact
  that the saucers apparently were not hostile. But in order to arrive at
  this conclusion they .collected much data, classified it, and buried it so
  effectively that no one else could get at it, and those who might have bee
  able to sort the matter out found themselves deprived of the basic data
  and had to content themselves '-with the bit which escaped the clutches of
 ..the"Military. However, on the basis of this material some rather
  startling conclusions have been reached.
           Thousands of people have seen lights and apparently solid
 objects in the •sky which behaved as no light or object normally seen in.
 the sky ougiit-to behave. Thousands have seen these objects under cir-
 cumstances which enabled tham to say definitely what they were not, even
 though they were unable to say what they were. Reliable photographs and
 movies have been taken, and 'bits of "hardware" collected which cannot
 be explained away without challenging the integrity of many witnesses.
 Simultaneous visual sightings and radar fixes exist in a great many.
 cases, and then: is, quite a bit of evidence o£ physical contact with
 these strange craft.
            In several instances reliable people have reported seeing the
 beings who ride. about on ,those craft, and they say they look just like
 us. There are quite a number of reported contacts between these people
 from "elsewhere" and people of this earth, and although this latter
 point may be hard to prove it is equally hard to disprove, and the res
 of these contacts are remarkably consistent and enlightening. At the
 present time there are quite a number of, books, magazines and bulletins
 devoted tb the study of flying saucers, and anyone who wishes to
 establish -for-hems«ar--the-validity_of_these_tlings__will find no dearth
 of material.
                                                                     13
                                                                13.                                                  Gyi

                               t tale point we may summ. size, the`rtp°ositiop.—t                somew
                 o~~.jj      Thas~ is virtually       no, doubt    thatraliencraft               arewvisitin,
                                                                                                     i~ s .'w44•,q CA9` i
                                                                        ~S     A s   Sa..     ~~
                 g2 th , t and that the Abe ins who operate                          are very tucl1
                      nbabl~*bur disti nt -rk latives, tiOnnsidorid ;the ate"'rand4 iGen . „
             e `ilnJ'verse_ ~.1t 4a `Seasonable rthat~'soac2 /trave1 , exploratian ,3 t'~
                                           quit               lace                                                  oe
       advan            c'dt tha 4~wey are. atInformation     obtained
                                                             VK r 7 /     nthrough     alleged'~!'c,5 €~uu rtn
                                                                                                                  ntacts' 4
       confirm the' general nature,"of the picture asi,preryahtea her ea ii:, s.
       atr:+'a`x                              x  -.                                n      -N.a


   r , -together with "quite a bit ,of interesting sider l'ightingron t4? te091t
     r nolo~y`, cuatoms, way of, 'life, and philo&ophpYaof. Midpe4people from
_- .-:"c1seinhere",• I`° would 'appear ,that we . 'are well a1ong'the way .-tot r&
       becorning.truly :civilized, -and• if we can'refrain from corn it~ting s                                              -
       racial suicide and learn- to respect the                       =di"pity,,^divinity
                                                                                ,                      and        broCher         .
                                                                                                                  groat      { f'
   =.'::hood =of:smari ?we"can`-expect eventually to be•welcomed into the
       cosmic fraternity of advanced`races that inhabit the regionsbeyotc
        the limits of this little                   _planet,

                                                                 U,1                 Iv ,


                                                     PROJECT 1 GNET
                                      T:'-E ., A:l.?D1. iI i Li l.a .-..l ir.. _.:3 STUDY
                                                           : 3. Sr.IT3

                Project 3•':agnet was authorized in December 1950, following
     a request mad: to the Canadian Depat ti^nt of Transport by W.3. Smith,
     for perzissian to ma?=.e use_,of -the. Department's laboratory and field
     facilities  in a study of unidentif i:d flying objects and physical,_
    :principles which miht appear to be involved,
      •       1 Th. "program consisted of two parts. The:f_irst part was the
    -collecting of as much high quality data - as possible, analysing it, 'and
     where "possible, drawing conclusions fro;a it. The second part consisted
     Df:a"syste:.s.tic questioning of all our basic concepts in the hopes
     of turni%.-•u a discrepancy uhicn wi ht prove: to be the key to anew
     tec'rnolcy,
                   . of .rtunately, the program was plagued by well meaning but
      misauide3        ;.'realists who were l,oking for spectacular copy, or copy
     which could. b turned to political acc.nunt, to such an extent that
      boh.::th se: ;Y: o were working nn the --project and the Department of -• •_
      T_ nsport'1 un- theiselves in :an embarassed position.2Consequently;
     :v:_en,.thn;_t__.'T:$et Nacnet. Report- was made and permissions sought to
      extend :the r e of the investi:aat•ion^t:hrnuch P•>deral'fanaacial''
      support, ti_-_ ''decision was `finally    jade .in 1954 that .this wmuld not"t: "
     .be advisable 'in the face of the publicity from which the whole project
      had ..suffered.               . - '                                       •.
                    rrf7Zct.Pagnet'-was :officially, dripped b' the tepartment•~of -
      Transport in C'otober 1954, -although the Department .indicated its              '
      willingjs';.s 4 -"9rmit the continued us.e of laboratory        facilities,
      provcl2d``t^at this could be done at no cost• to the. public treasury.. -
                                                                                  this
      The :'pro'ject' .ass been lcontinuins under these conditions,' and to' Canada
      extent va.'-b_ Sala to have ;..one undn'ground, The       Government   of
      ar:.-not =p rt- fl 2ant in the ,s_ aject and not. in any, way..re.sponsible7.
                     cr ncliz;1      ns .                                                                ...           14     .
   ----j'"?':_:'?
               Its
         .~   :                         k                       a                :                 y?f".      hW'       C w ~.apwagy.
     •   t    i The„cnnclusi~hg reaclisd ~hy~~Pra'sect"•~Magae;E nd~oon aimed
     a  offic   al ~b~ rb wer4 rbased onta Ar'i~git statistt 1' h'alysis,                                   ofyç ?S
     ghting reports and were¢has4'gil4ws,s~Th&re 1i% f                                  rprobab           ty that at.
     at , some ofTr
                    Jtr~e ; sightings were of realJx~ob           ecta of }ul~t io n ipxigin:
                                                       2¢'.'tg' x ~«a3~ O.r~e "~,l h~.Ca rnMa@ :, '~       9- ..3'•~t
                                                                                                                       ~ ,✓ .^
     ere'  is aboutta    6O    ~p~robability hthat~ thk      e    objects             ~wer    e_     lien    ~ehh     leC
       ien" meaning not of earthly ufabricati` n); J ~t:*
                                            `.              a       i-   €~ 1   - f   #;g      t           C Pee        •ns Y`   e:,a •   1.£.   k•x.mr ' s
               ._lie c~nclusions,~based" on~at'udies~-oaf¢the~basic'gT~tys~cal~cf~~ohep~t
    @re ;.as fo],lows hinny of our =fundaw nt`a]!conceit'sare inherentlly A ig ,
    ous and .quite a-aiffer'ent phyloso?hy can *:be built=*up on\the alternatives
    errral.of-these~•alternatives.-.lead ;to much;;simbler arithmatic,'and           ,.•
    pes?ntat• onswhich.do noLhave to- resort .`;to patchwork -corrections           "
    &make..their,all_embracing,; urtnermore, some of our ideas with respect
    .' io13s and the3r:behavior• . are -wrong,
             Recent Project Magnet activities have dealt with following
   up en and all leads. Many of there leads were dead ends, but a few
   were quite significant and well worth the overall effort. At the
   present time a definate pattern is emerging, and the groundwork is
   being laid fora new technology which may literally lead us to the
   stars.                   .. .
                        p.r                           L'."
                       'Ti'           Prim"          ITS


                                  REPORTING'_LYING SAUC:3R SIGHTINGS"

                                                     :L P. SMITE                        - ..                       .,
                                                                                                                                                              0
               ldany flying saucer :reports do not have anywhere .near the
   value they might have had if they ha' been properly reported; Much
   valuable...data..is• either lost • or rendered useless, by; being left out
 .:or inadequately reported. Many otherwise good reports, are reduced in
   value because i.he people. who prepared . them didn't realize what
   constituted'.a    ñod report. The following notes are intended to form
   a framework far- ' the reporting :of sightings, : which if .followed, should
  'rec>ult'in th .2reperation of really useful reports,                 -.
                When a flying saucer, or any other' unusual object, is seen
  `tie first thing to do is to note, in writing if possible, the EXACT
   time„and place, "to be followed by a detailed description .of the dur-
   ation,. .behavior;:.otc, -CarefuLnote should be 3 ade';of the prevalent•..
   conditions;..such as.wind; clouds, position of -the sun.or moon,' : -;
   precipiLation,       c,;If.these things .serve no other 'useful'purpose
   the3.'go along _wad% :to establishing the competence of the observer
   and ;_his ability, to recognize and, interpret what' he sees, as they can
 . be.;conf irre3 .,in lost cases thruogh the local weather office records,
" "Precision in'pla'c2trent in time and space, coordinated with.parallel
   evidence from,cbservers located somewhere else opens the way for a
  surprising_,amoum'- ,cf ..interpretation and -basic,:data,      =
               . .ha next 1sost im)ortan•t thing to .be reported is, as, complete
   a.descr,iption as possible of 't4AT `•'.AS SAN, which may be somewhat
   d.ic.r hot frot'the"conclusi:5ns reached. For example, a coin seen at
      distance tiv1Tl; appear •as a circle, `fat or thin ellipse or a thin                                                                                    0
  '"line. accfrdi    _Ttf its. - tilt. to the • axis of vision. When viewed flat
   siie'' -)n,  unless  surfac<' TLar'_i.n` . S are visible it ,could be _a .sphere,.
                                                                                                                                     15
                                 tj
                         Y. EY. -    k    y - ..   Ss~r ~i..'4°          . ,rlt                             ~'   m   ;
      Size
      „
              is•
                tar
                    art~` °i,*2ortant'
                             y + szct:~ m
                                           p8wiintNand       shore "the manner of 4t reporting             is~;vital
                                                                                                                 ?.i~'r ,?
                                                 > ~f'~ 6~k~~ a au§~,FPn~:r ^5~~yw•,.v~ 'C Tw+ fi ~
        As;.'big,as a dinnera+'-          aete'jis         ,intLreating P6t u e mesasfor~ ~evaluatr% _
      because it , is obvious Q; thaC .a ~d ither late 1100ox's ,feet' aw                                   . 1oolce
      as •,big as the full oonf! fA?Luc cone taccurate methoth of, reportirg :s
      to. state,-thePapoar~ent s ze, of tht bbjeot' £ r4ation~tto the`fulV oon;
      which pis :quit&familiar to us all (ifwwe ax'e not t p                                          p1dL ioth
                                                                                                             4'         r'
      nethcd is'eto p , ce, a "few holes =tnr ugh apiece °of'= aar't coloured paper"
      with a pencil irarisinct'in size ~fron the point tn;tnei uti1 (pencil diameter
      and then holdin this ,pia ter at t are s .lent:'. compare the'bright area'uoff"
      a suitable hole twitY ^•the 'a5parent' size " of ^'hat "was seen; ,T:ze diameter
    „ of 'the` holet`hhld ,at arb' & lerigth'will give 'the'•-investigator .a very goo
      idea of its 'subtended siie:'                          .              . ..                    -
              •   Th> 'position of a s:ati'onary object, cr the path of. a moving
    • one .should be carefully rc: '4rt• ' by reference to bac'cground or reference
       points that can be located. If the observer has a GOOD Icnowled~e of the
       star ':onstellations,'this is probably the best method of describing
      position' and.'trajectory,'but knowledge of the general areas of con-
       stellat•ions is of little value. Probably the best method for the
      amateur is tQ zite its position as above some. particular" landmark,
     ."es,tiMting ,.the angle above"the horizon, end then identifying the land-
       mark on a map ".(such as •a- r~a.9 map) -together with his own .00sition, ; The..
      angle, abn7e the noHzon can cc reported easily` by threading a string
      "thraurh a sheet of paper, attaching a weight to the end of the string
      and""lon{:ing along the top•._e:age„of.. the paper and. . noting the position of
0      the string. Aline on the aaer where the string lay can subsequently
      be scaled off with a. protractor. It is quite permissible to do this
      little ;rb sometime after the actual sighting, provided that it is soon,
      and the deta'.ls are still fresh in mind.
                 If two people separated by a m.adest distance both report
     seein3 the same object at the same time; and -provide the minimal data
     set•'bit above, "the following information with regard to 'the object can
     easily' be'determined, (1) •_'W'hare, the object was in relation to a fixed
     5 round. locavi•^n: :(2) How hizh it -was. (3) How big it was in actual size.
     t4) 'IOW fast it. was 'rf .vin v, if at ail, in miles 'per hour. (3) Relation-
     sh13s: with• respect to such things as airplanes, balloons, beacons, etc.,
     which tight have been vic ible at that time.
                 .Specific data are very difficult to shoot-down, but casual
       data can be explained quite easily, •It• is far more important to have
    : a feV{ facts all 'tied dpwn than' a •whole sheaf of opinions which cannot
       be sup.orted_'"cj fact:. - It is oft tore effective =to identify what an
     • object 'was ncrt (and why) than tc try to identify what it was, The
       identification of obscure objects is really a job for the expert, but
       the atateur' can be of the .utmost assistance in providing the necessary
       facts, u)nn "wid h the expert can base his analysis,

                                    „ a
                                    mr                                             fi7
    ,

                                                                                         AAA
                                                SP.UTNIaS r}5AUC'~.S
                                                                y       td5       `S2•IIT:I

                                                       jer     *as*,g].9enka
                                            LiS.
                                                                                  in 2 nf nE-   ~rence
                                          lluEinat r u~ ional`•~Co                                              ',~~:x,~.,.
                                          ae             °~"`"
                                                            n Rag                                        in   Otte
                                             ncnt
                                                dheo     on hn 11Ju i ec`? .59
                                                                                          3assians astonisri orbit around`the
                                                          3,`    1957,         ::;the                      Sputnik,
                                                                  wor     l  d   a   r  ifiCa        a•
                                                                                                3lstantlfutur:.were                       things :,nd: to '~t
                                                                                                                                        ~.,..
 ':•~~._-:."- = ,     an'_.artif;icial. e                                                                                                          hav?hi z,
                                             Hof        the world                                                                    but trhvvl.oras
                      To      mot                                                ~ t'an8
_ u . earth.
       earth;
                                    s.»~ ti:re in brou;ht                                                                 that,•sp ace
       sight happen
                                                                        t'               hryra tha fact                                                that
                           ,vactually'alGft.                                               were        off    icial announlempszs                                °<
       satellite z: e^                                                       There
                         b~•cci;~~     o . a er e and'                              people          managed tog et'o officially                                       ",
       Gbout to                              there            and        many                                      announced
                                  was                                                            it was
       ase. Espraced agrrss the s.tY• Because                                                            to.-admit having
                                                                                                                                        seen
       as     it   raced                                                      for      °`:'   P1~
                                          quite prOP~r                                                                                                     skyward
       was considered                                                                     l +~o aloft                  and    people; looking which
                                                                       i        sat::_lit-                                                          s?fin
                        • e::               he arsifis ^l                                                                                          the    sP utni'rs
                                        inc^easino•                   "r h a ce' cu    0,b•                         fconfused          withg
        w_sre were:_ut          än
                                                      ~      c    ~f      Lh~:~"'.           ~
                                                                                               ects r were
                                                                                                            ~—..-           for                     ;that :the
                                                                                                                                   the: fact..aa'wthe
                                         sion an                                           siste-d ~•-•~r               t
        ware not pputu       confusion                 would _h?v~~~'_><'=                                     Many of these obj                                it was
        snd ;tniks ;._.. .                              vi r  e     and.       `a_ =•Oictable.
                                                                                                               not        s.outniKa, and since. of
                                                     r                                       init•:ly
        a?utnii 'obit was                                  viewers as d::f                                                          n the ~Y, mere         files of
                                          their
         reco~nizea• p7 • polite                  '   .  to     ,...      ••9 an`. :lavir.=g'' e~nt~hthesalneady Chic'.?
                                                                         .......--
         now c:rnsidered car,htinr~a.,-d,.                                        9 war.? $dJ2                                                                  :           0
         these       rei~ores_                                                                                                                                followe3,
                                          si -                 _                                                                                    which
         fly in saucer                                                                                         and        the  irany more                   space
                                                                                   st sputni^,                                     threshold of P
                                                                  the i_o                                      upon the:
                                The ::act of                                               race     :'r^s                                       rat
                           ,quite           a;?arent t:i't, our                    sott`f          reai        step into the 6                       trout.si as'
          rode it                                 actual:           y   .*taµ                                                  that space                                was
          travel„and had
                                                                                                   realization
                                                                                                                             at    first,         and that : it
                                .re?.lizaso i C t. S                                  as it. had s<?rzd                                                     a t , it
                                                                                                                                                                   fl
          Wit this                                    re     l : r a.~ tic                                that        som      other race Fls=            maybe
                                                                                                     t                                            that
          qui te withinath rraL: ~; ,?f;ssi(.ilit•j                                                                   doing it, and
           quite-     within             t:':~                           us     an3      a.ct(:al_y           bo                       saucers          of tez- all.~
                                                ahead           o=       -                                  about          fly ir.S                 reality         r f
              iert i           a    Lit                                                   st. or iea                                        the
                                                                                                             ready to admit with
                           e                                                    the
                                          <^t:iinr, to •_                                                                                         ,~ all the
             t
            t,..~r- was 'so.
              r~
            However, .1f 'i ~jr7b=,bly    '   r  ob,  •~  -,.•
                                                         bl      orris    ' ^,t.    ,,
                                                                   b:=r, $.us.:• t.e,3
                                                                                       ~  t   quite
                                                                                              q
                                                                                                 ,.a     r:   riot•      yet    ready
                         .
                    saucer.        q
                                     7                                      w==icil;      :maid          b. 5?gitcd.                                                -         ..
            the                                     uasti=_2                                                                                                ext211siVe
            an6WcT'a, ,},G, ;.tn2 q                                                     • ~                                          ser,igus. and
                                                                                                       I   have. rude a covered every - asp-                             =ct
                                                        then2aso               ken ~=E   r •arS
                                                                                                                          I  have
                                 ,burin:                                                         Ceuc?rs."                                           (;gnClll6 ions)
                                                                                                                                          gOPe
                                            ;7=:griOri.C•ni1 nl fly
                                                                                         ink,          . ,          -
                                                                                                                a arrive`9 at'                            anv views
              . : . ,~• . ' f'. :.t "ii'•.
             that                                                    ,.'1~~ •with, and (~-e..                   and do         not
             ti,it. I could hsost V',ar_. n~ir21Y ry own i                                                                                                               _that
             which, :I hi,; o t                    sol             ,•• . ~ '
                                                            o G3flr.ialn„                      , urof       .                           e      caneraft,., and
                                                                                                              ie-au cts p        t
                                                                                                                                 a  re                                   and:
           ".Yrhich
                          -Cight.oc-.:Lhi     I thin.gheae.fir. any of , L1aso obje                                             that they. are
                                                                                                                                                           built
                                                                                                                                                 advanced         in the.
              rsoeyrco=nt.'
                                                ,   „ elsverYr2 than or thi~utaw'ro ' are more
                                     s  r.h                                        h inc us,                                                          sent     a
              they .,ode.
                       come
                                            brings tern we a                                                         the saucers             r
              operated             b                                                          .and       that                                   ose    to wade
               bus                   c. 11v+IIv      • r tiia':i 4{2 are,                          ours,            I     do  not prop                         based,
              CU6i11eS3 Gi                                        L.uc=1       ahead of                                         conclusions are
                                                           i o                                         which          these                                 Lure.
               thchnohot~ r 3ah                                                            upon                                                  litera
                                                             of ,_:ct:vial available in the current                                                                         Q
               through ia:                            r~ctidali;;                all
                                         is~      ~_                                             material.
               since this                is'
                                                                        arize this
                      )r9P46e•only                    to sur
                 I
                                                    17,

      ;y s „t~,i Many Fithousands
                      5„   Tqt ~
                               u2l
                                        ropi? have seen__~~^`rsn
                                   of Pp r                 lights
     beraved as no night ino „nal1y ys = 'n in they sky, oug.ni<y!
        3    r%   s                _e   3'Ny'   e         R'+ r,   t   #   i   90 y

    thousands of            xharr} ,;A~~n whet 5aooear~t~toa be   be~eold fob;,
    skv *H1tTh - behaved Wants no -noi~id s obi =c t normally seari in th
    behave. Many ~people ~have -.seen„nn,j~cts~atF.~lose~enough ran
                                                     'C-ra c- re,
    ~ta, say ,definitely what~a tn,se ~no,~~ct9 uwer?; not,        ta event z*
                                                                           thougig:
     not say what'+thhey were v' ` Many sci'ntificx nb~servations and
     exist with respect to th,s. }bj..cts`wYiich`just cant bc,expla.
     with:ut`:''challenging the honesty of the observers, ,. t        `-
              ” I._have''interviewed many _people who claimed to      s Feet $K
     flying saucer;'"and I am convinc^d that they are nnrralkhonzatrfolk who
     are reporting as best thy can so,"cthing which they actuall didt ';`:,;'
     witness, -We "would be happy to 4.ccepi the st`t<^ments of^these came;
     people -in a oourt of law as witnz'ss s to somet'iing more'.mundane;;such
     as an automobile accident, so why should we doubt them when' they tell
     about having'seen a flying saucer, I da not thin'a that thaee'people
     are liars, fools, neurotics'and hoaxers, given if the sighting
     evidenoe were all w: had I would still be inclined to accept it-as
     fairly well establishira, the reality of spacecraft from elsewhere.
    - ..  -     Howaver, we have in addition to visual evidence.. a. -variety
     of confirmation in oth• r formes. Many sightings have been confirmed by
     radar with identical positibns boing established. Physical evidence of
     witnessed land injs, such as . imprints._in soft ground, broken .bushes,
     withered vegetation, etc., is plentiful and well confirmed,s.._Various - -
     items of "hardware" are known. t•,o exist, but are usually pro promptly
     clapped into security and therefore are not available to the general
     public. Substances such as "angel hair" and i.oltan tin, etc .have been
     observed to drop fro•;': thes: craft, and have been gath=red up and
     analysed. St.r•mg magnetic disturbances have been observed in the
     vicinity of this = craft,    I fact, I would say that many more
    -people have more evid•-nee sup.-orting the reality of flying saucers than
     evidence for. the' reality of atom bombs. But atom bombs bear the stamp
     of official disclosure.

                  Ib is a well known fact that. our science consists of a few
     basic facts and.a larrz-e amount of conjecture, cemented together with
     great "numbers ci "correction factors" and "purturbation factors". We
     have-.many anbta1tes "in our science, but instead of heeding them as
     Nature's wining that there was something. wrong with our concepts,=we
     shoved. . them ,into, t he "bac':ground and turned our thoughts to those things
    ..which`appear4d. to be more self consistent. Consequently,`'T am convinced,
     we have missed the boat on many occasions, and now when we have before
     us the magnificent fact that space travel through other means than on
     the business end of a roc:tet is possible, we are unable to cope with the
-   -sitizatclz; ard:`_instead of learning fron these beings who come to -us from
     4saw :ere in flying saucers, we deny them, ignore them, and hope that -:
     they Will So away.

                 I think that there is ton much evidence to ignore, that the
      saucers are r:al and.are extra-terrestrial spacecraft, and since their
     behaviour cannot adequately be explained by our science, we are forced
     to the conclusion that this ali::n'science trancends ours, and may. even
    -be--beyond_ our._ reach,.-- -
                                                                                      18
                                ew serious Y£invest'ig'ators had the moral courage
  ,to 1face up to this='problem gin'spite~ofsgthe.ofi       ofs tiheresylt from'
   orthodox science, and reasoned that if some other race could do'thed"e"
   things, so could          I will not 'dwellson he manyxdead Fends whiccE'*pre
- investigated~or~nthe 'theories which h* e dev? oped~=and<discardec ,i p-         ip
  :cause .tis is t "ical `   of any and ~ all ~seibhtific progrpss.'
                                                                  ~  ~~g'uffiee~is
                                                                            '
   say : that many of ourz ti pie phys1calcocepts were tested and fotd 22~
 :wanting; Many th3rigs which we have heldsacrad in scienc`eF'were £oun
   to be valid only under"specific;conditions,'or are `special, cases of -k
   more general concept,- 'My own group has concentrated on problems
   associated:with•gravity,' refusing to believe that Newton'.,s Law that :
  "every part,icl'e:• in-'the universe 'attracts every.other.particle with a,
   force which., is, equal:,to the product of ,the ,atwo. masse_ s and, ..a universal
   gravitational: constant divided by the square'of the distance betvieen'
   the two masses" was the alpha and omega of gravity. Since flying
   saucers demonstrated what ap?eared to be gravity control,, it certainly
   seemed, logical to, assume that.such control could be established. '
   Furthermore, certain aspects of the behavior of these craft gave us
   valuable'clues;. to the real nature.'of the universe, and its elegant
   simplicity..

              At the present time we do not have all the answers. Nor do we
   have.anything.•like,an integrated-.theory. All we have is a.colleotion
 'of facts based on. observation and the results of a number of experiments,
  but.we feel, that this foundation is considerably more...secure than that
  )f our current orthodox science, for in it there are no anomalies.
   We know'-,that gravity is not at all what Newton visualized. Far from     0
  being a basic farce in Nature, it is really a derived function, and is
  the consequence, of a dynamic condition, not a static one, 'We know what
   goes into its'. makeup; we know its "formula" and we have a pretty good
   idea of how to go about bringing it under control. We have conducted
   experiments that show that it is possible to create artificial gravity
  ,(not centrifugal force) and to alter the gravitational field of the
   earth,' This. we, have done. It is fact. The next step is to learn the
  rules and do the engineering n cessary to convert'a principle into work-
   able hardware.
                  So far, this work on gravity has been carried on . entirely
      as a personal project, privately financed at a cost which is minute •
      comparad. with..the cost of. the. current rocket program, and with the
    '.volunte'er:assistance of a few,'people' who are sincerely interested enough
, ; ,tO 'put in long hours after their normal working day, and face the
   ,.criticism .level:d";at anyone who dare to think,differently.: ';I am sure
      that. if. evena'•;siva11 fraction of "the money being spent on `rockets were
      spbnt on proper•research looking toward gravity control, with the
      example of the, flying saucers before us, and with the possible help frorp
      these people,fr?m..elsewhere, we 'could _Join' them in.'.space much sooner,
      more £afely,"and '>b'xe.economically than we will ever be -able to do on
     .the business end of a rocket.                        -


                                                                            ...19.      0
                           Now, the tempsrater.e of ,the sun,}Ras w&                                      t mine its $=is about
          six thousand degrees on they surface and{'about~tzi or =twenty inilli~on s
          degreesc" in It the aminterior
                                      rnog
                                                       `It~4„isr6 presumed
                                                                   m         timr gh
                                                                                     jto d.ey~ive
                                                                                             t    ee
                                                                                                       it'                     from the'
                                                                                                              ?Fenergy.('"Se^,~,
                                                                                                       e
          conversion          of t~`hydrogen>~ttn~helium                 through        an 'intermediate
                                                                                             nter      ed     ~atecyele~~,         In-~.e ,
    t        xy? ' `hRy,S   '            , ,mnr.t,~ afv .h e7f•n nCx x -c ~rt 4a -   '=
                                                                                     ss k~+.~ •"`"?  a.~«a 4fla"t~'~+'~ua .x rs xa !kr',"sf^.
          volving                    oxygen                                                                         sse
          smoothl'~eatyc ,+ ".the       n''s~ temperature.          t .r   jf,r ,;~y~how
                                                                           ~     ~
                                                                                         vd~ a1~thed sUn                   emper`ai
                                                                                                                               p
                                                                                                                1          d
          were Much higherythe hydrogen could, conv,~erFt$~Ir~e~1y,~fir~stt                                                  int?t ,
         'deuteriut, tritiun                  ;d helithi, withoug benegtn t~sc~timee de
          stabilizing action of the carbon-nitro s cx                                                                            l ay a n
          duce test"'probably #fan explosion of increasing ragntude~twhicn would~~~~n
          continue until, it either ren out~xof-,hydrogen,Yo~rry their eventual expansion
          of .the ga80s produced'a'sufficient drop yin to=perature t^,stopw4athe,                                       x

                      Suppose that an atom bomb(either fission•-or fusion typg)
           landed in a large body of fresh water such 'as?,one of,our Great Lakes,
         • and furthermore., that it sank to a considerabla.d'epthbefor 'exploding.
         • The explosion, when it did take place would be b•dnfined.,by walls of
        • water consisting largely of hydrogen, since two thirds of the atois in
          'water are hydrogen_. Before the bubble of hot gases resulting from
           the explosion could •ova rcoLe the inertia of the water and rise to. the
           surface, it is, almost certain that the water directly in contact with
           the blast would be heated to temperatures comparable with.that of the
           blast•itself, one hundred million degrees or hotter. At such a temp-
           erature the hydrogen.:in.the water would be in prime condition to con-
           vert directly .into heliui and would in fact .become. a ,'„hydrogen bomb"
           with the .release of about the same or' greater .energy .per unit mass as
           was released from the active material .of. the-bomb--itself.--Consequently,-
           a thermo-nuclear chain reaction would probably set in which would be
           cumulative and self propagating: Once initiated it would continua
           increasing in intensity until stopped by either a lack of hydrogen_
           or the eventual drop in temperature of the expanding gases, In. any case
          the reaction would - probably persist until most of the available hydro-
         gen'had gong up in helium.

    •          ---  Should such a thing happen, even by accident, and an atom
         bomb explode"deep in one of our fresh water lakes, with thousands of
         tons of hydrogen available, there could result a blast of such inten-
         sity that it would envelope the entire planet in a few seconds, vapor-
         izing everything on its surface and maybe even shattering the core,
         and producing a•celestial display visible throughout our galaxy. Un-
         fortunately., we would be in'no position to observe it as we would have
         ceased 'to exist.
                    The foregoing is not idle speculation. It is based on the
         same data,calculations and measurements which produced the atom bomb,
         and the 'fact of the bomb 'is grim 'testimony to its potentialities. We
         may'well ask ours;'ives the question - we are crossing the threshold,
         but are 'we entering or 3ust leaving? "


C
                          "The Canadian Eng~neerieg Award"


                 WILBERT B. SMITH HONOULED BY AWARD.

                                                         Smith will, we
      Friends and admirers of -the late Wilbert B.            awarded
                              :..learn...that he was recently
feel sure, be interested to        Canadian'Engineerin Award. This
posthumously, the much-coveted                                    radio
large silver trophy depicting two skilled hands clasping    the following
                                              engraved with
tube, handsomely, mounted on a base; is
words     -                 -
                                                   EnmEERING AWARD
            THE COL. ISEITH S. ROGERS MEMORIAL
                                                    service in the •
           • To WII~RT B. SMITH, for dedicated
             advancement of the Technical    Standards  in Canadian
                                Broadcasting.
                                                       the Award, The
       In reply to a letter of inquiry concerning
                                              this to say. ~-
Canadian Association o£ Broadcasters had'
                                                   General Electric Company.
       °This Award is donated by the Canadian Rogers Memorial Award.
                                        Keith S.
It is knoavn as the Lietenant-Colonel       pioneers of broadcasting in
                                  of  the
It is so named, in memory of one
                                              who passed away several
Canada. Lieut.-Colonel_Keith S. Rogers,             CFCY, in Charlottetown,
                                          Station
years ago, founded Radio Broadcasting
                                         lifetime was proprietor of it.
Prince Edward Island, and during his
                                     industry for his calm wisdom and
He was greatly admired within the      broadcasting industry-and this
dignity, his active interest in the
                                     ever-present willingness to be
Association; his courtesy and his
                                         times on important committees
helpful.' Colonel Rogers served many
                                 Broadcasters and for many years was
of The Canadian Association o£
                                         His Train interest always lay
a member of its Board of Directors.
 in the technical field.
                                                 memory is given not more
       "The Award created in his honour and
                                            the opinion' of an appropriate
than once a year to a Canadian who, in
                                               and significant contribution
 judging committee, has made an important
                                        side of the broadcasting industry.
 to the development of the technical
                                                                                                                                        z

                                                                 29: "


                                         .e up of distinguished                                               ed 'engineers`.
                                                                                                        nsnc 8^'lSdiC
                                                                                                        fAb rS ';5    G!M Ch
                                         • himself as ria member"yo                                     ommitteetatvariou


  kc,+,Jmk
                  he Commi~t~teehis not" c mpelle nN'S by~theterms`
                 {-r $ °b~.wa sN y s,.,~vena • . ~ a .. ' * xr                       •.nai
                                                                                                          of its
                                                                                                         ~.t t,   i    Neferenc~e
                                                                                                                       t ' :{pt,riot
                                                                                e
  o makeyY        the
                de si
                           Awarde~¢ery~years
                                       1                      ~-~In~Bome          years,     in      fact,
                                                                                           xhe kfixt +a,s'r'
                                                                                                                 .it   ~hasu~not
                                                                                                                      #- rr., - ^r.ee n~
                                     k       n.,    1!                - °L: G'~.`                               'a
 ieen,~ma
   wl •v '~ ' a
                  en since~fi:n= the
                  '~C~~r'.R'a r'r Ak~.rt!f,,     ~f
                                                       opinion
                                                       z
                                                                    of~,theC ommi.ttee ~~.ylhere
                                                          c -ae .,~!~sx                                  haiuPa
                                                                                                                had ~not~kbeen
                                                                                                                            .tray. 4Y9.vs:Nx'-
  uring the~eourse~~of that.wyear=, any achievement, dev~elopznent~9 invent
  on„or"ser~v~ice*                           sufficient importance tosmerit the~Awara.* Ad you
will ureadily see, it is ,by ;no manner of ;mans given lightlr and . this
is one of the reasons that it is 'so highly prized.                                                                =t
                      re
      "In :the , case of Wilbert B. Smith, the Award was,cmade,`in rec
nition of a lifetime of dedicated and distinguiaheC service„to the
advancement of technical knowledge in the Canadian broadcasting
industry,''.the improvement of 'its techniques, the"protection of "its
interests, of an example of diligence and integrity and in consider-
ation of the universal respect and regard that Wilbert'e'e£forts
had earned throughout the broadcasting industry, in the Government
o£ Canada, and in other areas.

      "All of us who have knowledge of the circumstances and of the $
work done by Wilbert Smith and the manner in which he did -it; are
agreed that this Award has never been better deserved. Wilbert
remains in our memories as an outstanding Canadian, a gentleman we
were all proud to know. That memory, like..his distinguished...life-
time record, should'be and I am sure is, a source of great pride to
you all."

      We are'indeed all very proud and vastly pleased that this
splendid tribute has been paid to the memory of Wilbert B. Smith,
and it seems very- fitting that after a lifetime of dedicated service
in the technical field of radio communications, the honour of this
particular.Award has been made to him. As a member of the C.A.B.
Judging Committee, it was Wilbert's honour and pleasure to present
this same. trophy to other Canadians distinguished in the same field
of endeavour, and it was no secret that he hoped one day to earn
this Award. We,, in the Ottawa New Sciences Club, have continued
to feel the presence of Wilbert B. Smith among us, and we feel sure
that he, is equally pleased to have been awarded this prized trophy.


                                                      ---000O000---


                                                                                                                                                 O


                                     S
      r.
    tFollowfng is an elite version ofa speech given at short nohceto the,vs duverArea
    ;,March.l4Y9.d, rtIt was enhtled "What twe are~tng m ^" ~~s'
                                              J,                                   '~' d, ~., ~^z'^'. ;~a      .~+,'`' a,
                                                                       ,' j ~r~ U                                           r    C.           i~ ~~,~~ee..~;
                   x   x       w'w     s, d?kt   ( L       fta s.C~4"~iE3w.v`.in t n4'K'i'+a Fi x +.a•'       .1       $,4,rrl~~~t L x         a j_
                point tvrJtw
                         out that he      Project Magnet I was associateds syrtl>
                                       .tev,it aT swF .rt+xWYi~x w'n•vrn c ri
                                                                                                 { which recet +~tlt¢s
                                                                                               4x a six i o.i~e
                                                                                                                       mt4Lpubh* s not an
            eralGovemmentproject
     .•.:ntr ,eaH£i, xt3Si    [nkNk .tea YedP
                                                   It wasaprojecithati
                                                       s'Srk ti,          siagn %~' +«
                                                                                           atte,~De$itty~
                                                                                         ms¢          »
                                                                                                          vlmtstermW.I'etting'me
                                                                                                          Vidi.kbv,.-+.e•, . a
                                                                                                                                             cAr out
                                                                                                                                    Y .~~s.;efet.,v zr'w       '   1
      makwg
    ;• a         -
                  use   of s the  extensrye
                                   ' N,ni
                                                field  orppnsTartonof
                                              ,x+., s ~•e.       +.c +cos
                                                                                the    Ikparime'nt    of
                                                                               Ji..~.^; .. a..+» crsit v~
                                                                                                         Tmnsiwrt~       ~fo
                                                                                                                  p .t[t L+A}M^
                                                                                                                                funds   were
                                                                                                                                      vng
                                                                                                                                               spent      on 8
                                                                                                                                                   Sfft ifs ci
      and we inerelyjlrad access to the very large field organizationandopened a n~uinberof filesja grdmatdy
      the gentlemen of the press climbed on thus and made a big deal out of it.. However we ri                                      earned the project
      through officially for about four orfive yearsandtheawent underground because ofpressmterference
                                      n:t.2..._ ,..    Y                                                                         t .,r'Sr t
           ~, t c.'.t ri '•.   Z1 `                         s "::,' ~U "x35.r >Z.`e"":•r Js       iz1wY i' FrS % 'C x i i
     However we had been following up every lead we could find Some of the leads led to a dead end._ We
     found a tremendous amount of garbage. We found    ~. • a number of contact"which >x we believed
                                                                                                  i to be sincere.
     Our technique of handling thecontacts was. to'ask anumber of rathergeneral-type questions of all the `
     contacts and then we compared the answers. We found that ma majority ofcases we got back "exactly the
     same answers from all the contacts. We feltthat sincethis was the case the contacts were*bably
     authentic. In a few instances we got back answers which were completely inconsistent andw`a dtscarded
     these contacts. We just confined our activities from there onto the contacts whose results se hâd been able
     to check. In following through our programme of investigation we have always felt that an unconfirmed
     report of any kind was of interest only. If we could get an additional confirmation we felt that it had
     something better than a 50 per cent probability of being correct. If we had two independentconfirmations
     we rated it about 75 per cent and so on. So that the material I will be talking about a little later on is the
     result not of just one bit of information but the majority of it has been the result of three,four; five or
     sometimes even more independent transmittals of the same information. Now this information includes a

C    great deal of philosophy, a good deal of what you might say, human engineering and a great deal of
     science. Being of a scientific background myself, my own interest was directed largely totvardsthe
     scientific end. I wanted to know how these craft were built, what their motive power was,;where they got
     their energy and how come theywere able to do such interesting things that our craft weie unable to do.
     Many of the questions that I asked when I had the opportunity to ask them, were along scientific lines. I
     will admit that I gotback a great deal of info, which was completely unintelligible, which sounded like a lot
     of double-talk. However since we had previously established that the contacts from whom we got this info
     were probably authentic, we simply took the info down either in writing or on tape and kept it for future
     reference and eventually we were able to et quite a good deal out of this. There is a great deal that we have
     that we have not yet been able to decipher. I think the trouble is with us, not with the info: Much of the
     info, which we obtained from these people, cast some serous doubts on the validity of some of the basic
     concept of our science.

     For one thing they told us that the velocity of light was not a constant. As a matter of fact they seemed to
     be rather pointed in their statement that light doesn't travel, it is. And we told them that from our point of
     view it appeared to travel with a certain definite velocity of 186,000 miles per second They said that's the
     way it looks to you because you are looking at it from a region having certain conditions, certain
     influences, but they said if you were to go away from this region you would find that a different set of
     circumstances prevailed Another thing they told us cast a great deal of doubt on our ideas of time. They
     told us that time wasn't at all what we thought it was, namely what might be marked off with the titling of
     a clock, that time was, in fact, a field function, the result of there being a universe. Thai is ,something
     which was derived from the basic primordial concepts which brought this universe into being, and that it
     differed as you went from one part of the universe to the other. Also it could be altered, sometimes by
     natural means, sometimes by intelligently-controlled means in various parts of the universe`. ,So that in any
     given interval, which incidentally is what our clocks mark off, our intervals, not chunks of time, in these
     intervals we can have all sorts of lengths of time. In other words if one of you checks your clock with me
     and finds that they are synchronised and1 climb into allying cancer and take a little`Oip oui well clear of
O    this earth and I watch my clock and, say, come back in three hours time, and we again compare docks,
     maybe your clock says I've been gone an hour, my clock says I've been gone three hours.'Both`clocks are
                                                              s$+          -   ++.t S ~   Gc   c'~8 •'t      F               r
    three years ago, possibly,, little longer, a jet,x~ain is crashed mto a nunnery at Orleans, just out from
    Ottawa l,csIt killed a number~of       people    and did   `deal of damage               ~.Theajet engine   itself wast finally dug . .- ..
                                .0               Y.t       ou                          i u+td                e                      -
    out+noftlnesubsoilc+<ed about    30 feet below    the
                                                    e ha
                                                          ft~tm    Sqr f e
                                                                          We  raves    igatediha   ....      ,gam
                                                                                                     one—again
                                                                                                    t.t ue~.pe
                                                                                                                   wefbundr a very
                                                                                                                  : #w e
                               Lc e d bmd g.                 .                    b ~?o nq P
    strongyortexofiedncgdbindmg"x~cyVebad"a~
             x1 ;4 s°     ..+C9u } h F>r         f1e xil r        v
                                                                    erofrep`ohs>iome          ~n mthe,~Oplemthefieldwho
                                                                        mob` (! u m too'E CE pS5rY'«"i   at { p      -
    found
        r
            exmctly
             v    >
                     thev
                            samejhoxe~~=I
                              *Yj utsom } ''
                                             wrote    averyff           inorandumto'the~ppaopnatepeople
                                                          a.~.3 nS it Fyiy n9 Jx' rlfiGd~)ki"¢Gu
                                                                                                                      tarry owns
                                                                                                                              'C
                                                                                                                                     -
                                                                                                   +2y &"`
                                              these
    departmentpomtm~g~,o~ui,,s~oma~of~th~~~e~~fa~ct~vlto             sayhtgfvlle[ew0,~gO~r~~h~e~lnfo~'WCtoklthemwehad,,y
    lnctniments Pwhichshowed~the cxi enoe oft                       ~~ns of r               bindingand suggested that something
                                                                                      n?ed
    be done abcutt    it    Th  ~letterwoundup         on the         file  I thafrs  a rdtl att thefite of most ofthese things,
    they wino upon the.crankfile ,Howeverthat d&1 ndGtinany"way` cage the fact thatthat regionsof . ..•

    facts    MI, A~   +   19 `J   !'. . .      ₹3   ''.:Z'. t-%Y" '~.ua'       1Yty`.u    +'4! `~   T"   ^


     There's one other little point that I would like toinake in connection with these regions of reduced binding.
     That is, that the people fromtopside told us tbafwe`make them when we setoff a nuclear explosion. We
     make two of them. -We make one of them in the"vicinity of the nuclear explosion and die on the opposite
     side of the planet Any of you who have ever seen pictures or faccimiles of a nuclear explosion-have
     probably noticed that there is a column which is approximately of uniform diameter extending upwards
     from the region of the explosion and that is capped by a big mushroom-shaped cloud :That shape, that fact
     itself should have been sufficient warning to us that we were producing avery serious gravitational
     disturbance. I'll show you what happens. (Draws on board) That circle represents the earth. Out from
    the earth is emanating for the sake of simplicity, lets call it a gravitational field We have a nuclear
     explosion takes place at some point. A nuclear explosion means that there is a sudden change of matter to
     energy, in other words we have a (static)... which is large. Now it is not difficult to tell that if you have
    such a disturbance occurring in a gravitational field, there will be projected outwards a gravity wave which
    will be projected in the direction of the gravity field and with the velocity which is inversely proportional to
    strength of the gravitational field Therefore if the explosion itself, if the conversion of mass to energy lasts
    over a period of time which would permit the expanding material to move out a hundred feet this way and a
    hundred feet this way, we would have a region 200 feet in diameter in which mace was being converted to
    energy and which would be a virtual sort of a gravity wave that would travel straight up, thereby producing
    the column that we see supporting the mnchroom cloud What we don't see is that penetrating downwards
    through the centre of the planet there is a similar gravity wave which comes to a focal point down here and
    in this region, from approximately hereon down, we have approximately the same mass all the way around
    so that the gravitational field in here is very low. So the velocity becomes very high and flares out this
    way, so that it comes out on the far side of the earth as a diverging cone. Now these things don't go away.
    We literally punch a hole in the field structure of the earth; a little round cylindrical hole on this side and
    big conical-shaped hole on the other side. They stay there for a long time. They're vortices and it takes
    them quite a while to dissipate. We don't know how long but we have gone back to places such as
    Essudon three months later and we have found that the vortex has gone. Now maybe it has moved away,
    we believe that that is what happens because we actually caught one of them moving or maybe it
    dissipates, or maybe both. But we did find one out over the North Atlantic that drifted—ah—was picked
    up first by a friend of mine who is an RCAF pilot who had the instrument with him, they located it on a
    reconnaissance flight just to the south and west of Iceland And then again on a flight out about a week
    later, it was about halfway between Iceland and Newfoundland and considerably weaker. At least that is
    the impression they got from the instrument indication. So that apparently they do move around and I
    presume they do fade out. We haven't incidentally located any in the last year or so. I presume it's
    because we have not been exploding any bombs lately. Now this is a bit of a review of our activity in
    Ottawa—what we have been doing and why we have been doing it.

    Question and Answer Period:

    Q:      Do the vortices affect human life?
    A:      That we do not know. We have had no opportunity of placing a guinea pig in the area and keeping
            them there for any length of time. The vortex at Essudon extended, when we discovered it, partly
            over the highway and out into a field There were no accommodations for anyone even to park, other
I           than on the shoulder of the road, long enough to explore this. We just don't know.                                                    0
                                                                               F
          1.           rsiS
                          alo
                                                                                Pamthe vicinity
                                                                                pass                 of the saucer since
                                                    out across the field,
       • along ordrive along in a car looking during this,' t                       R   though  momentanly`the
                                               travel
          the light has a littlebit farther to              drivel' miles and miles  past meadows looking foe t}u~ "
          ~~grouna' ed hackwaids 'Now I have                                                                   I'm on
                          think~I know   what  it ought to look like but I haven't seenit t ,Maybe c 'm o
                        I do s9 e
         ' Veryyth k they.,
           thlS tnCk they'll d0 SOmethmg            \~gh~~                            •         ,. .              ,1~
                     sj i$    as       f o                           Smiths   speech  in  June,        at Aucklan N
               " ra              uS                               of
    The above transcnpt     was made from a low-quality tape                                                     *.
                     x CT l.CR®
                                                      s                                                     a   i


O
                 i


         a'"                                           a n5 --{a*
                                            ru.s~r+4 uLy-Y.4~ F~~      ¢3`"`"d__s—.
                                                                        x -                  a e.
                          to;.4~ 'r..vi
       _ ur cont6 4orr was fortmerly m charge,of the world)Jiirst
               Y;..a   C"i~ '
                            'k'"v                                                          14ilymg saucerSs~
                            ~4b~ Canadian               Gd►eeenment atS`y"'!le      BaMnear     OttanwTly
      #afation etaetcil`~S                                                   fiytti:.+nr i  _  ~`

       eventuallx.sclosedidownPan41r~ Smitb$enow iSupermtendent of Radiojtegulat►ons
                  gf",y                b{ fiT e~ .++,v.,o .ear's
                                 v(~j~


      ,Engineering Mihthe Canadian"j'-Gover                 nment DepartmnetofTransportW
                                                     , S9~5z¢G.t"'axe.

                                                                              known as flying saucers for.
I have been, aetively engaged m the investigation of the group of phenomena
                                                                                terature, on ,the subject,
over seven years Dnnng ythis {period I have read most of the available li
                                                                                       many pictures and
interviewed `a great many^people who have seen unusual things in the sky, examined
                                                                                             a; series of
physical objects, ' made. , 6bservations , with `scientific instruments and carried on
                                                                                     investigation out of
commiimcatidin's with intelligences claiming to be extra-terrestrial. I started the
                                                                                 be due to man-made or
curiosity and as an extreme sceptic; fiilljexpecting to find the phenomena to
natural causes.
                                                                              a responsible position in the
I am 48 years old, hold a Master's Degree in Electrical Engineering, occupy
                                                                        technical papers, and in general
Canadian Government, hold a half-dozen patents, author o£ several
                                                                        average competence to study and
enjoy a background in technical work and science indicating at least an
                                                                                use conventional standard
report on phenomena of a scientific nature. I have tried so far as possible to
methods and equipment, and to investigate all possible angles before drawing any
                                                                                     conclusions. In other
                                                                          followed if I had undertaken to
                                                                                                               O
words, I have followed the same general procedures which I would have
study some more prdsaic'subje'&, such as radio wave propagation.
                                                                           collecting as much observational
The first phase of the work consisted of reading all available literature,
                                                                     problem. The second phase involved
data as possible, and in general getting a fair perspective of the
                                                                                establish relevant reference
theoretical and laboratory work to find openings in our technology and to
                                                                           leads which developed from the
points, and the third phase involved following up the many and varied
first two phases.
                                                                 experience was quite parallel with that of
I do not intend to dwell on the first phase of this work as my
                                                                                        Nor will I dwell on
other investigators who have provided extensive published reports of their findings.
                                                                                but faded out under careful
the many dead ends which were explored, which looked promising at first
                                                                                        to material given to
investigation. Nor will I be able to be as specific as I would like to be with respect
                                                                        Furthermore, it is not my intention
me in confidence or which came to me though "classified" channels.
                                                                  state what I believe and why I believe it.
to try and convert anyone to my way of thinking, but merely to

Let us look at a few facts.
                                                                                    behaved like no light
(1)     Hundreds of normal, honest people have seen lights in the sky which
        normally seen in the sky ought to behave.
                                                                                   real objects in the sky
(2)     Hundreds of normal, honest people have seen what appear to be solid

(3)
        which behaved like no object normally seen in the sky ought to behave.
        Hundreds of people have seen objects in`the earth's atmosphere at
                                                                           sufficiently close range to see     O
                                                                                        though they could
        enough detail to enable them to say definitely what the objects were not, even
                                        19:

                         THE PHILOSOPHY OF THE SAUCERS

                                        BY          .. .

                                 Wilbert B: Smith

             . .;.:Possibly One of the most interesting aspects of the study of
    • flying .saucers;;'beyond the realisation that'they are real and extra-
      terrestrial; is their philosophy, What manner of creatures build and.
    •;Ily.them?. ,What ,do they to^a lika? How do they think? AllAre their ideas
      and ideals similar to ours? Could we understand them?          these and
      many other questions plague the serious investigator...
                  If we. are to rely on sighting data alone we are, bound to get
     "a:rather one-sided idea of these creatures. For example, we see saucers
      travelling at terrific speeds and then suddenly stop or change
      direction. Under our concepts of physics no creature of flesh, blood
      and =boneicould•withstand the terrific forces which would be associated
      with such actions. Therefore, we are likely to assume that the
      Saucerians must.be'either some manner of robot or a creature the like
      of, vihich we have never encountered,
                                IF TABLES REv'EFS

                Again, it is hard to understand why any race of creatures
     having the tremendous power at their disposal which we see demonstrated
     by. the saucers, should be content to fly rather aimlessly over our
C    globe, without doing something more definite. If the tables were
     reversed, we most certainly would. After a very brief reconnaissance
     we would land and announce to the natives that we were taking over.
     The fact that the Saucerians have made no such move appears ,to indicate
     that they must regard us in the same general category as the other flora
     and fauna native to this planet, and t.o them our civilisation is so
     primitive as to be indistinguishable from that of the lower animals and
     insects.

                   We could go on speculating in this manner for quite a while
       without coming anSrwhere near the truth. Fortunately the people who
       come to us from. elsewhere in flying saucers have seen fit to make cont-
       act with people of earth, and to impart as much information and under-
       standing as the contacts were capable of assimilating or passing ,along
       to'dtherd',C There' hate been'many published instances of contacts between
       these people from outside and people of earth,' and a very great many
       more which have not been published. As i's, always the case in any new
    .:,and romantic'-field there 'are those who exaggerate, but it is not too
       difficult' to 'establish that the vast majority are 'honest and authentic.
       For instance';'•when a dozen,or so independent contacts having no common
       connection, and each alone believing that he or she has been favoured
       above .all.,•others:to receive this message" all tell the same message,
       evene:to names- and:descriptions which tally'perfectly, one has little
      ,choioe,.but:to believe that they are telling the truth.

                              MAGNIFICENT PHILOSOPHY
C              Furthermore, when the material given to us through the .many
     channels is 'all assembled and analysed, it adds up to a complete and

                                                                       ,,,,20
                                                                               2O.

 elegant philosophy which makes our .efforts sound like the beating of
 jungle drums. These people tell us of a'magnificent Cosmic Plan, of
„which, we area part, which transcends the lifetime of         single person                                 a


for a nation, or a civilisation, t even a planet or solar system. We
 are not merely told that there is something beyond our immediate
 experience; we are told what it'is, why it is, and our relation there-
 to, .Many of our mast. vexing "problems are solved with a few words; at
 loast tire :are told of the soluti,ns'if,we have .the understanding..and
 fortitude to.apply . them. We are told .of the inadequacies' of our -science
 and We'Thave"been'given the basic grounding"frr. a new sciance'which is
 at once sirpler and •yet !;ore embracing than: tha ,mathehatical 'monstros-
 ity which we have .conjured      . We `"have     told of :a, wayTf life ._
                                                           :   up.


                                                                                          oeen           :


 which is utopian"beyond our dreams, and th< re ns of attaining it;" "Can
 it. be that such a .self-consistent, magnificent philosophy is the fig-
'ment`of the imaginations of a nu,nber of misguided .morons? I.do not
                                                      ..
 think so;                                                  -

            If the only evidence    had was philosophical, we might .we


 ,justifiably suspect it, but when coupled with the reality'of the
 observations, thousands of them, we cannot dismiss it so easily. This
 is especially true when we consider that the science which- has ,been
 passed to us from these people from elsewhere explains in a manner
 which we have been quite unable to d, why .the saucers behave as they
 do, and how it is that they can do things which to us are virtually
 impossible. The science and the performance check perfectly;
           Acain,.we have been told where our scientific ideas are
 wrong, or inadequate, and experiments have been suggested and carried
 out; and in every case the alien science has been vindicated,

                                  ""       YOU CANNOT ILAKE HIM .DRINK

                 may ask, if all this is known, why has it not been
 publicised, why are not these matters being studied instead of atom
 bombs? The answer: it has been publicised. Books have been written
 and hundreds and thousands of copies sold, There are available many
 periodicals containing this material which may             had for quite a
 nominal sum, Reports have been prepared by serious investigators and
 presented "through the proper channels." But it is truly said that
 one can lead a horse to water but one cannot make him drink: Those
 who' are in con rod. of our soci:ty are satisfied with it the way it'is
 and .:will= resist any' attempt ,to change anything, which_ is likely,to dis-
 turb the equanimity
             tn.         of their` lives. There are those. who c`an':t be.
 bothered      "get the'fac.ts and, cake, up ..their      rinds;: they would.                    .own;


 rattier dismiss the          matter.
                                  'whole


                                          nonsense,' because someone .who =holds
                                                                          ti
                                                                               s.


 their" respect  'says it is nonsense. There are those: who fear."for their
 social security, and will therefore have no part of anything which
 might'place,.it.iii' jeopardy. ..There are those who-say our science -works
 and gives       many things which .we; would not otherwise_ have.'. .What'•is "
                  us


 wrong with"thait?.,,why discard -itt., -There are.,probably as-many private
 reasons 'for/`not` facing up .to :the facts       there, are people who refuse      as


 to do so.               it is
                       However,
                                           to realise that, through the humble
                                               consoling


 and often criticised comic strip and science -fiction stories, the
 younger generation ia.being coeditioned to. accept the reality of people
 from elsewhere, and when 3iven the opportunity to do so avidly
..assin;ilate"all they can .get on-.flying saucers arid.the people.who.:fly
 them.'                -                                                   .21
                                           21,

                                      THE FUTURE

           The? question    ,well be asked, what of the.1utur:a•?This -
                           may


 question has b:en posed many times, and to the aeople from outside,'
 The answer; we don't know for sure but we are aware of trends. Wa
 ourselves are also aware of trends, but cansidering our limited means
for gathering data•.we must of -nec:ssity do a vastly inferior job of :
 predicting.events, Our exp:rienca has hc:n that, when they choose to
 do so, the people from outside: can be quitc accurate    their ;oredictions.
                                                                in


            We may summarize the entire flying saucer picture as follows.
 We have.arrived at a time in our dev:lopm:-nt when we must make a final
 choice.between_right and wrong. The people from elsewhere are much
 concerned about the choice which we will make, partly because 'it will
 have its repercussions on thrm and partly because we are their blood
 brothers and are truly concerned with cur welfare. There is.a cosmic
 law against interfering in th;. affairs of others, so they are not
 allowed to help us directly ev:•n though they. could easily do so. We
 must. make our own choice of our own free will. Present trends indicate
 a series of .events which may require the help of these people and they
 stand by ready and willing to render that help. In fact, they have
 already helped us a great deal, along lines which do not interfere
 with our freedom of choice. In time, when certain events have: transpired,
•and we are so oriented that we can accept these people from elsewhere,
 they will meet us fre:!ly on the common ground of mutual understanding
 and trust, and we will be able to learn from them and bring about the
 Golden age all men everywhere desire deep within their hearts,

                                            F              '
                    ;21f                                 irir
                                 THE FIVE FACES OF MAN

                                     W.3, SMITH

           r)hen we enter this physical universe we find that. there are
five relationships to which we are subject, An understanding of .these
relationships is necessary.1or a successful sojourn here and progress
to higher planes. Not only do the majority of us remain in ignorance
of these relationships, but many of us do not even recognize their
existance, :It is true that ther are certain ones which are .of interest
to us and we do a little lip service there for purely selfish reasons,
but there is almost no recognition of the essential nature of these -
five relationships,                               .

          The first relationship is Religion',_which is the 'relationship
of a beth to its Creator. ::•_re we have a bodge-podge of superstition'
dressed up in pageantry giving lip 'service to something in which few
people actually believe, and practically no one knows .anything about.
every great"reliion says"LOVE THY GOD" but how many understand .what
this means? We think we .know .family love, love of country;" love -of "
things, but do we know love of God?

          Love Thy God as Thyself: This is something a bit nearer to
our understanding because we are all pretty selfish creatures, but
                                                                  22
                                                                      _
                                    22,

again do we really know what it means? Do those of us who abuse our
'~odiea.and rinds with the many and varied malpractices have any under-
  tandin`:of what it means to love ourselves,

          dove Thy God .with all Thy. Heart, with all Thy Saul and with
all Thy Mind; Here again we are urged to a. course of definate action
which is spelled out rather clearly, and again we,'do little or nothing
about'it; We must learn, to know our hearts, our • souls and our minds:
to know their capacity and then to use this capacity. There is a
tremendous potential here if we but understand it.
       . ..
           ...The' Hierarchy is the relationship of a Being to others not
of its kind. :In this universe we know very little about the Hierarchy
beyond the'fw other .living things which share this planet with us,
and which we regard with disdain as being of little or no consequence.
4w.= have little knowledge of the vast realms of beings of higher
evolution than ourselves and when we do experience a little impact
from them,'we-ignorc'and suppress it and hope that it will go away
because it embarrasses us, There are very few people on this earth
who do not feel that somehow they are the Acme of Creation and there
are none greater;- except possibly a vague and nebulous Diety with
which we' have little or nothing in common. And yet, knowledge of the
Hierarchy rVovinusly is necessary if we are to progress in it; for we
are apart of it whether we realize it or not,

           Civilization is the relationshia of Beings with others of
th': s^r; kind. This is something about which we know a little, but
don' t• d very r.uch, 'vre have a eililization of sorts but it isn' t very
good, not ncarl; so good as the civilizations developed by the Ants
and the Byes, Y:e have a general idea of what a civilization ought to
b_ and we all have dreams of a utopia, but we have not yet mastered
even the basic principles upon which a successful civilization must
be based,

             The ,any ideologies and 'isms are all attempts to develop
a more satisfactory' civilization and each must be regarded as a step-
ping stone 1-;ading towards the ultimata, As long as there is'disagree-
n:ent about h,w civilization should be set up, Just that long will it
continue to evolve. When people on this planet are satisfied with
their civilizstic'n it will ,crystalize as has the civilization of the
Ants ;and ;tlie :Be=:-s, and further evolvement will rest entirely with
the individuals, Because of the basic restless nature of our branch
of "mankind we will probably not settle for a civilization pattern
in the near future, and our ultimate civilization will bear'little
rs«ablance tc what we have now. But t.h€. important thing is to
rectanize"that what we have isn't very good and the ultimata is still
far off, -. and _ .wc should work. tnwar..is it,

      r .• Science is 'the relationship of a Being to the physical
world in`whic.it     exists. ,We have evolved a science of sorts by
oosc4rving"Nature and guessing at the causes of the phenomenae which
we observe. :'fhc-n we have 3ucssed a plausible explanation we test it
by asking Natorc a few experimental questions and then fitting the
answers into o.ur hypothesis. If they can be made to fit we assume
                                                                    23
                                     23.

 that our original guess was right. and we then -proceed gleefully on to
 the -next guess. By following, this method we have built up a most
\magnificent concept of this universe in which wa live, -all beautifully
?iuppgrted.by;mathematical analyses, and almost entirely self-consist-•
 exit.

             Althr ugh it is not gc-nerally admitted in scientific circles,
 there.is a prise Cause fnr this universe; called the Creator, and
 this universe was establish;d from and within Nothing-At-All. What
 ws observe is the end product of this creation, or at least that stage
 of .it which involves us. 'shat we -do not se is the mechanism by which
 this all came about and so long as we insist ;n inspecting it from
 our rather limited point of view we are not likely to find out very
 much about its inherent structure. However, if we follow the path
 trodden by the Creator and start as He did, from Nothing-At-All and
 follow up th< lo"ical sequences, FROM THE BOTTOM UP, checking, with
 Nature by experiment every so often we can g t quite a differ nt view
 of this universe which.,is ever so much simpler and probably much more
 accurate than that of our conventional science. By definition Science
 is the relationship of a Being with the physical world in which it
•exisits, ,so.iL is fairly obvious that thc viewpoint should be that of
 the- Beim;; ie, an emmanatian of the Creator following the path set by
 he Creator.

             The relationship of the Being to the physical vehicle which
it oecuoics is the Ta11us, and this is an area where understanding
is most, conspicuous by its absence. Unfortunately, many,many people
do not even recognize that there is such a relationship, believing
that thc. physical vehicle IS the Being, iii spite of the vast amount
of evidence which is apparent to all that the Beim is quite apart,
 though inti_at ly associatad with the •;hysical vehicle, The subtraction
of limbs or organs doss not detract from a Being and the retirement
cf a Being from its physical vehicle is not necessarily related too
closely with such subtractions. The transcendental nature of Aware-
-ness .and. impossibility of localizing it within a ph{ sical structure
indicates that it is something seperat;•.       -
              e ar accustomed to living- in our physical bodies and to
  us it  fe:ls "normal" and an deviation from this condition results
  in feelings and sensations which are unique. I£ our thresholds are
  depressed as in sleep or• under anesthat.ic we can alter the relation-
  ships, of our Beings to our vehicles without undue disturbance, but
  on the other hand, if our thresholds are raised any such alteration
  becomes. more apparent. These are the Ta.11ie sensations or experiences,
  and 'are an essential part of our experience here. Drugs, excitement
  and many other stimuli sinultaneously raise our thresholds and allow
  alteration of the Tallus relationship. The group of experiences
  involving sex, birth, death and mediuf:ship all involve closely re-
  lated. physical •s, nsations caused by th , artial (or complete) with-
, drawal of the Being from the physical vehicle, and some rearrangement
  in'trelation tnerrto.

                                                                    24
                                  -   24:

             "These then, are the five relationships which make up the
 '.experience oL3 Being -in a, physical environment. They are part;and
;.parcel of cur lives and their uhderstanding    is
                                                   an essential -part of'
   otir'adolvSent;'we have but a scanty appreciation of thase'relation-
  ships, and even to many they do not existexcept as philosophies or
   superstitions. However, we have only to look, at what little is appar-
   ent of, our Brothers from elsewhere to appreciate,tha results of
  Better understanding of these basic relationships; and they tell us
   that they too, have a long way to go;

                      it              1(17


                              BINDING FORCES
                                 :B     SMITH

              Matter, as we know it., is held together by "forces" the
  nature of -which we do not clearly understand. We have developed some
  very elegant theories to explain most of the observed phenomena, and
  we add sufficient"correction factors" to make the theory fit the
  rest. But every _now .and then we come face to face with something.
  which '3ur theory just will not explain, and rather than admit that
  our theory is inadequate, discard it and start over again. We just
  can't bring ourselves to throw out such an elegant mathematical
  masterpiece, so we usually just turn our backs on .the new fact and
  refuse to recognize it. This is well demonstrated in the matter of
  binding forces.
             Some y-ars ago, following some rather bad aeroplane crashes
  for which there was'no satisfactory explanation, the people from
  "elsewhere" were asked through "contacts" if these sraches were poss-
  ibly due to our craft flying too close to their craft. We were in-
  formed that while a very few of our craft had suffered in this manner
  much greater care was now being exercised by tha saucer pilots so
 ..that"this cause''was virtually eliminated. We were informed, however,
  that `our •pilots flew around in c,irplet disregard of the regions of
  reduced binding with which this planet is afflicted, and very often
  their craft were not designed with a sufficient::factor of safety
  and came apart.

                            A Counter Argument

            Whon 'we countered by saying that we .knew nothing of such


 regions, we were informed that means for detecting them were easily.
 within our technology and that we should build suitable instruments
 and then pay attention.to what they registered. They also passed a
 few uncomplimentary remarks about our propensity for shooting off atom
 bombs' which actually created a pair of such "vortices" with U'.ch
 explosion.
            The."princip.le of" the ?"Binding Meter" was then explaine3 to
 us,' and we were left to work out its•detailed design. The principle is
 quite simple: all matter is held together by the relativeconfigurations
 of the three basic fields of nature, terpic, electric and magnetic,


                                                                         . . 25
                                                                                  C
                                        25.      •.• _ -      ..
    Th<se'coiif ituratinna are charact.:ri5tic of what we caIl tkie olacular
O   structure, _and the inter -actions of these fields .1s NOT lindar. Taere-
    for:; since the fields intcract ins arc the surss of.• the 'local fields,
    and the background fields, such interaction'can:be:.used Ito .indiaate
    certain characteristics   of the background, through this very non-
    linearity.                              ..

                 Structurally the binding L-titer cc.risists of a'nylon fibre -
    Which is stressed close to its elastic li:ait (after having be ti 'dver-
    strassed .t : establish stability) pulling a;;ainst a steel spring which
    iQ_stressed'well below its Elastic lii::it. The nylon fibre is wound
    ariund a spindle which carries a pointer si that any 1•on3itudinal..
     r.ov-r.ent of the fibre will cause the spindle to turn and the pointer
    to ,:ve across an arbitrary scale. In setting up the instrument nylon
    fishing 1 a.5er was used and pre-stressed to'the breaking point and
    this point rooted. The instrument was then threaded and one and fast-
    enc-d to the spring and the other placed under tension to 75 percent
    of the previously noted breaking stress, and the end clamped under a
    friction washer which was so^ewhat softer than the nylon to drip it
    s: liily without deforming the nylon. The whole instrument was then
    s.'t aside for a few days to rake sure that it was stable, after which
    the pointer was slipped to rid scale and the -instrument was considered
    rcdy for service.

                          ?'any Successful Instruments

                ;3y i::aking the body of the instrument of aluminium tubing
    about     inch diameter and 10 inches long, the coir.binatinn gives very
    :D:d temperature compensation, and a range of temperature of 100 F.
     hakes less than z division on an arbitrary scale of 12. There is no
     'racoptible change over the complete rang. of huridity and no baro-
    metric sensitivity was observed. Dimensions apparently arz not critical,
    an successful instruments have been made with quite a variety of
    pares eters. Unfortunately, we have no way of calibrating these instru-
    msnt.se at the= present tii;e, and the best we can do is ruse then for .
    qualitative indication.                - '
              My colleagues and I"have. investiiyated the general areas
    throu3h which aircraft, have flown just prior to unexplained crashes
    and we have found several r:; ions of. reduced binding, the meters
    showing several scale divisions change. These regions ;seem to be
    roughly circular and about 1,000 ft,    inliareter, and probably extend
    upward quite a.distance. A few have been detected- by air when planes
    have flown through them, but fortunately in these cases the craft
    were strong enoursh to remain intact.                      •

               Whether this is generally true .or not we cannot say; but
    it does, appear: that things are somewhat :stronger, in the:nnrthern>„
    latitudes than they ;are farther south, and certain areas seeifl to be
    perian&ttly afflicted with reduced binding:       do not :know if then
                                                      we


    regions of reduced bin5in sove about or just fade away, but we do
    know that when we looted for sc:vral of them after three or four
    months we cold find no trace of them.
                                                                          26
                                     '26.
            It would therefore appear
-that this business of reduced bind-
 ing would stand quite a bit of
 further"serious investigation. Un-                                   Brass ,cap
 Iortuhately; bacaizso of the unorth-
 odox`sourse:of this information,                                   Aluminum
 efforts so far to obtain official                                     tube
 recognition have resulted only in                     -Dial
 more _letters being added to the
 "crank file",                              Pointer
                                                       A 1~<,
                                                               ~2          Nylon
                                                       .S            .~       fibre

                                               i(14          II/'
                                                  1.
                                                        Q6pindle


                                              /        H steel spring.
                                              !{Brass cap


                                                            BINDING MATER


                      ARE WE ENTERING - OR LEAVING?

                                 W.B. SMITH
    '  : -With atomic energy we are crossing a threshold, but are we
entering or just leaving?
          Much has been said and written about the awful devastation
which would be caused -by an atomic war. It has been suggested, and
with just cause, that such a war probably. wuold wipe out civilization,
leaving the remnants of the human race in atavistic savagery, if there
were any remnants. Dr, Hugh Keenlyside, former Under Secretary of
State for External affairs for Canada estimates that there are in
existence at the present time more than 150,000 nuclear devices,. many
more than required tb -do 'the-'jcb; - `.                           '
            Consider what happens when an atom bomb explodes, The fission
process which comprises "the explosion releases enormous quantities of
energy which originates within even the hottest star. If only ten per-
cent of the energy available in Uranium 235 or Plutonium were'suddenly
converted into' heat,' the temperature of the mass would jump t4 the
order •of --fifty billion degrees =centigrade; Even -if - the blast" were diluted
by five hundred limes "as much inert material as there was active mater-
ial,"the temperature 'would still be of the order of one hundred:_illion .
degrees. ,

                                                                                   27
                                         27. '
                Now, the ter.peratura of the sun, as we determine. it, is about
     six thousand degrees on the surface and about ten or twenty million
`    degrees .in the interior. It is presumed to derive its energy from the
    'conversion of hydrogen to heliur•through an intermediate cycle in-
     volving carbon, oxy~en and nitrogen; which cycle progresses very
     smoothly at the sun s temperature. If, however, the sun's temperature
    •were much higher the hydrogen could convert directly, first into
     deuteriur;, tritium, and helium, without benefit of the time delay and.
     stabilizing action of the carbon-nitrogen-oxygen cycle, and would pro-
     duce roost probably an explosion of increasing magnitude which would
     continue until, it. .either ran out of hydrogen or the eventual expansion
     of the. gesos •produced a sufficient drop in temperature to stop the
    `reaction.

                Suppose that an atom bomb (either fission or fusion type)
     landed in a large body of fresh water such as one of our Great L&tes,
     and furthermore, that it san'.c to a considerable depthbefor: exploding.
     The explosion, when it did take place would be confined by walls of
     water donsisting largely of hydrogen, since two thirds of the atoLls in
     wattir are hydrogen_. Before the bubble o£ hot gases resulting from
     the explosion could overcome the inertia of the water and rise to. the
     surface, it is. almost certain that the water directly in contact with
     the blast would be heated to temperatures c oirparable with that of the
     blast itself, one hundred million degrees or hotter. At such a temp-
     erature the hydrogen in the water would be in prime condition to con-
     vert directly .into helium and would in fact bocorne a "hydrogen bomb"
     with the .release of about the same or greater energy per unit mass as
     was released from the active material of the bomb itself. Consequently,
     a thermo-nuclear chain reaction would probably set in which would be
     cumulative and self propagating. Once initiated it would continua
     increasing in intensity until stopped by either a lack of hydrogen
     or the eventual drop in temperature of the expanding gases. In any case
    the reaction would probably persist until most of the available hydro-
    gen had gone up in helium.

              Should such a thing happen, even by accident, and an atom
    bomb explode deep in one of our fresh water lakes, with thousands of
    tons of hydrogen available, there could result a blast of such inten-
    sity that it would envelope the entire planet in a few seconds, vapor-
    izing everything on its surface and maybe even shattering the core,
    and producing a celestial display visible throughout our galaxy. Un-
    fortunately, we would be in no position to observe it as we would have
    ceased to exist.

              The foregoing is not idle speculation. It is based on the
    same da.ta,calculations and measurements which produced the atom bomb,
    and the fact of the barb is grim testimony to its potentialities.  We
    may well ask ou-s?ives the question - we are crossing the threshold,
    but are we entering or ;ust leaving?


                                                      .   . . .. .   . . . .   28

                                                                                    C
                                         28.


                             "The Canadian Engineering Award"


                    WILBERT B. SMITH HONOULED BY AWARD.

          Friends and admirers of the late Wilbert B. Smith will, we
    feel sure, be interested to learn that he was recently awarded
    posthumously, the much-coveted Canadian Engineerin Award. This
    large silver trophy depicting two skilled hands clasping a radio
    tube, handsomely mounted on a base, is engraved with the following
    words
C             THE COL. KE17ri S. ROGERS MEMORIAL ENGIEEERING AWARD

              • To W'ILBERT B. SMITH, for dedicated service in the
                advancement of the Technical Standards in Canadian
                                    Broadcasting.
          In reply to a letter of inquiry concerning the Award, The
    Canadian Association of Broadcasters had this to say

          "This Award :-is
                          donated• by" the Canadian General Electric Company.
    It is knouvn as the Lietenant-Colonel Keith S. Rogers Memorial Award.
    It is so named -in memory of one of the pioneers of broadcasting in
    Canada. Lieut.-Colonel Keith S. Rogers, who me ssed away several
    years ago, founded Radio Broadcasting Station CFCY, in Charlottetown,
    Prince Edward Island, and during his lifetime was proprietor of it.
    He was greatly admired within the industry for his calm wisdom and
    dignity, his active interest in the broadcasting industry and this
    Association, his courtesy and his ever-present willingness to be
    helpful. Colonel Rogers served many times on important committees
    of The Canadian Association of Broadcasters and for many years was
    a member of its Board of Directors. His main interest always lay
    in the technical field.

          "The Award created in his honour and memory is given not more
    than once a year to a Canadian who, in the opinion of an appropriate
    judging committee, has made an important and significant contribution
    to the development of the technical side of the broadcasting industry.
                                 29.


  The Committee is made up of distinguished and experienced engineers.
c"Wilbert--Smith served himself as a member of that Committee at various
  times in the past.

       "The" Committee is not compelled by the •terms of its reference
 to make,the Award every year. In some years:; in fact, it has not
 been made since in the opinion of the Committee there had not been,
 during the course of that year, any achievement, development, invent-
 ion or service of sufficient importance to merit the Award. As you
 will readily see, it is by no manner of means given lightly and this
 is one. of the reasons that it is so highly prized.

       "In the case of C=ilbert B. .Smith, the Award was made in recog-
 nition of a lifetime of dedicated and distinguished service to the
 advancement of technical knowledge in the Canadian broadcasting
 industry, the improvement of its techniques, the protection of its
 interests, of an example of diligence and integrity and in consider-
 ation of the universal respect and regard that Wilbert's efforts
 had earned throughout the broadcasting industry, in the Government
 of Canada, and in other areas.

       "All of us who have knowledge of the circumstances and of the
 work done by Wilbert Smith and the manner in which he did it, are
 agreed that this Award has never been better deserved. Wilbert
 remains in our memories as an outstanding Canadian, a gentleman we
 were all proud to know. That memory, like his distinguished life-.
 time record, should be and I am sure is, a source of great pride to
 you all."

       ::e are indeed all very proud and vastly pleased that this
 splendid tribute has been paid to the memory of Wilbert B. Smith,
 and it seems very- fitting that after a lifetime of dedicated service
 in the technical field of radio communications, the honour of this
 zarticular.A_ward has been made to him. As a member of the C.A.B.
 Judging Committee, it was Wilbert's honour and pleasure to present
 this same trophy to other Canadians distinguished in the same field
 of endeavour, and it was no secret that he hoped one day to earn
 this Award. We,. in the Ottawa New Sciences Club, have continued
 to feel the presence of Wilbert B. Smith among us, and we feel sure
 that he. is equally pleased to have been awarded this prized trophy.


                            ---000O000---


                                                                           O
            . ...,. .____.__..   An Address by W.B. Smith
Following is an edited version of speech given at short notice to the Vancouver Area UFO Club,
March 14, 1961. It was entitled "What we are doing in Ottawa"
May I point out that the Project Magnet I was associated with, which received much publicity,.was not an
official Government project. It was a project that I talked the Deputy Minister into letting me carry out,
maldng use of the extensive field organization of the Department of Transport No funds were spent on it
and we merely had access to the very large field organization and opened a number of files. Unfortunately
the gentlemen of the press climbed on this and made a big deal out of it. ..However we carried the project
through officially for about four or five years and then went underground because of press interference...

However we had been following up every lead we could find. Some of the leads led to a dead end. We
found a tremendous amount of garbage. We found a number of contacts which we believed to be sincere.
Our technique of handling the contacts was to ask a number of rather general-type questions of all the
contacts and then we compared the answers. We found that in a majority of cases we got back exactly the
same answers from all the contacts. We felt that since this was the case the contacts were probably
authentic. In a few instances we got back answers which were completely inconsistent and we discarded
these contacts. We just confined our activities from there on to the contacts whose results we had been able
to check in following through our programme of investigation we have always felt that an unconfirmed
report of any kind was of interest only. If we could get an additional confirmation we felt that it had
something better than a 50 percent probability of being correct. If we had two independent confirmations
we rated it about 75 per cent and so on. So that the material Twill be talking about a little later on is the
result not of just one bit of information but the majority of it has been the result of three, four, five or
sometimes even more independent transmittals of the same information. Now this information includes a
great deal of philosophy, a good deal of what you might say, human engineering.and a great deal of
science. Being of a scientific background myself, my own interest was directed largely towards the
scientific end. I wanted to know how these craft were built, what their motive power was, where they got
their energy and how come they were able to do such interesting things that our craft were unable to do.
Many of the questions that I asked when I had the opportunity to ask them, were along scientific lines. I
will admit that I got back a great dial of info, which was completely unintelligible, which sounded like a lot
of double-talk However since we had previously established that the contacts from whom we got this info
were probably authentic, we simply took the info down either in writing or on tape and kept it for future
reference and eventually we were able to et quite a good deal out of this. There is a great deal that we have
that we have not yet been able to decipher. I think the trouble is with us, not with the info. Much of the
info, which we obtained from these people, cast some serous doubts on the validity of some of the.basic
concepts of our science.

For one thing they told us that the velocity of light was not a constant. As a matter of fact they seemed to
be rather pointed in their statements that light doesn't travel, it is. And we told them that from our point of
view it appeared to travel with a certain definite velocity of 186,000 miles per second. They said that's the
way it looks to you because you are looking at it from a region having certain conditions, certain
influences, but they said if you were to go away from this region you would find that a different set of
circumstances prevailed. Another thing they told us cast a great deal of doubt on our ideas of time. They
told us that time wasn't at all what we thought it was, namely what might be marked off with the ticking of
a clock, that time was, in fact, a field function, the result of there being a universe. That is, something
which was derived from the basic primordial concepts which brought this universe into being, and that it
differed as you went from one part of the universe to the other. Also it could be altered, sometimes by
natural means, sometimes by intelligently-controlled means in various parts of the universe. So that in any
given interval, which incidentally is what our clocks mark off, our intervals, not chunks of time, in these
intervals we can have all sorts of lengths of time. In other words if one of you checks your clock with me
and finds that they are synchronised and I climb into a flying.saucer and take a little trip out well clear of
this earth and I watch my clock and, say, come back in three hours time, and we again compare clocks,
maybe your clock says I've been gone an hour, my clock says I've been gone three hours. Both clocks are
three years ago, possibly a little longer, a jet aircraft crashed into a nunnery at Orleans, just out from
Ottawa. It killed a number of people and did a great deal of damage. The jet engine itself was finally dug
out of the subsoil about 30 feet below the foundation. We investigated that one—again we found a very
strong vortex of reduced binding. We had a number of reports some in from the people in the field who
found exactly the same thing. I wrote a very stiff memorandum to the appropriate people in my own
department pointing out some of these fact without saying where we got the info. We told them we had
instruments which showed the existence of these regions of reduced binding and suggested that something
be done about it. The letter wound up on the crank file. I'm afraid that is the fate of most of these things,
they wind up on the crank file. However that does not in any way change the fact that these regions of
reduced binding exist, people topside told us they existed, we designed instruments which confirmed these
facts.

 There's one other little point that I would like to make in connection with these regions of reduced binding.
 That is, that the people from topside told us that we make them when we set off a nuclear explosion. We
 make two of them We make one of them in the vicinity of the nuclear explosion and one on the opposite
 side of the planet. Any of you who have ever seen pictures or facsimiles of a nuclear explosion have
 probably noticed that there is a column which is approximately of uniform diameter extending upwards
from the region of the explosion and that is capped by a big mushroom-shaped cloud That shape, that fact
itself should have been sufficient warning to us that we were producing a very serious gravitational
disturbance. I'll show you what happens. (Draws on board) That circle represents the earth. Out from
 the earth is emanating, for the sake of simplicity, lets call it a gravitational field We have a nuclear
explosion take's place at some point. A nuclear explosion means that there is a sudden change of matter to
energy, in other words we have a (static)... which is large. Now it is not difficult to tell that if you have
such a disturbance occurring in a gravitational field, there will be projected outwards a gravity wave which
will be projected in the direction of the gravity field and with the velocity which is inversely proportional to
strength of the gravitational field. Therefore if the explosion itself, if the conversion of mass to energy lasts
over a period of time which would permit the expanding material to move out a hundred feet this way and a
hundred feet this way, we would have a region 200 feet in diameter in which mass was being converted to
energy and which would be a virtual sort of a gravity wave that would travel straight up, thereby producing
the column that we see supporting the mushroom cloud. What we don't see is that penetrating downwards
through the centre of the planet there is a similar gravity wave which comes to a focal point down here and
in this region, from approximately here on down, we have approximately the same mass all the way around
so that the gravitational field in here is very low. So the velocity becomes very high and flares out this
way, so that it comes out on the far side of the earth as a diverging cone. Now these things don't go away.
We literally punch a hole in the field structure of the earth; a little round cylindrical hole on this side and
big conical-shaped hole on the other side. They stay there for a long time. They're vortices and it takes
them quite a while to dissipate. We don't know how long, but we have gone back to places such as
Essudon three months later and we have found that the vortex has gone. Now maybe it has moved away,
we believe that that is what happens because we actually caught one of them moving, or maybe it
dissipates, or maybe both. But we did find one out over the North Atlantic that drifted—ah—was picked
up first by a friend of mine who is an RCAF pilot who had the instrument with him, they located it on a
reconnaissance flight just to the south and west of Iceland And then again on a flight out about a week
later, it was about half way between Iceland and Newfoundland and considerably weaker. At least that is
the impression they got from the instrument indication. So that apparently they do move around and I
presume they do fade out. We haven't incidentally located any in the last year or so. I presume it's
because we have not been exploding any bombs lately. Now this is a bit of a review of our activity in
Ottawa—what we have been doing and why we have been doing it.

Question and Answer Period:

Q:    Do the vortices affect human life?
A:    That we do not know. We have had no opportunity of placing a guinea pig in the area and keeping
      them there for any length of time. The vortex at Essudon extended, when we discovered it, partly
      over the highway and out into a field There were no accommodations for anyone even to park, other
      than on the shoulder of the road, long enough to explore this. We just don't know.                            C
             along or drive along in a car looking out across the field, as you pass the vicinity of the saucer since
             the light has a little bit farther to travel during this, it would appear as though momentarily the
             background moved backwards. Now I have driven miles and miles past meadows looking for this
             very thing. I think I know what it ought to look like but I haven't seen it yet. Maybe since I'm onto
             this trick they'll do something else. (laughter)

        The above transcript was made from a low-quality tape of Smith's speech in June, 1970 at Auckland, New
        Zealand, by Tony Brunt.


    C


    O

I
                                 An Address by W.B. Smith
                                                                                                                      O
    Following is an edited version of a speech given at short notice to the VancouverArea UFO Club,
    March14,1961. jt wasentitled "What we are doing in Ouawa."                             ..


                                                                                                •
                                                                                                       ....   .....


    Md I jp 1nt out that the Pfdject Magnet I was associated with, which received much publicity; was not an
    official Government project. It was a project that I talked the Deputy Minister into letting me carry out,
    making use of the extensive field organization of the Department of Transport. No funds were spent on it
    and we merely had access to the very large field organization and opened a number of files. Unfortunately
    the gentlemen of the press climbed on this and made a big deal out of it.. .However we carried the project
    through officially for about four or five years and then went underground because of press interference...

    However we had been following up every lead we could find. Some of the leads led to a dead end. We
    found a tremendous amount of garbage. We found a number of contacts which we believed to be sincere.
    Our technique of handling the contacts was to ask a number of rather general-type questions of alI the
    contacts and then we compared the answers. We found that in a majority of cases we got back exactly the
    sameanswers from all the contacts. We felt that since this was the case the contacts were probably
    authentic. In a few instances we got back ariswets which were completely inconsistent and we discarded
    these contacts. We just confined our activities from there on to the contacts whose results we had been able
    to,check. = In following through our progranune of investigation we have always felt that an unconfirmed
    report of any kind was of interest only. If we could get an additional confirmation we felt that it had
    something better than a 50 per cent probability of being correct. If we had two independent confirmations
    we rated it about 75 per cent and so on. So that the material I will be talking about a little later on is the
    result not of just one bit of information but the majority of it has been the result of three, four, five or
    sometimes even more independent transmittals of the same information. Now this information includes a
    great deal of philosophy, a good deal of what you might say, human engineering and a.great deal of
    science; Being of a scientific background myself, my own interest was directed largely towards the
    scientific end. I wanted to know how these craft were built, what their motive power was, where they got
    their energy and how come they were able to do such interesting things that our craft were unable to do.
    Many of the questions that I asked when I had the opportunity to ask them, were along scientific lines. I
    will admit that I got back a great deal of info, which was completely unintelligible, which sounded like a lot
    of double-talk. However since we had previously established that the contacts from whom we got this info
    were probably authentic, we simply took the info down either in writing or on tape and kept it for future
    reference and eventually we were able to et quite a good deal out of this. There is a great deal that we have
    that we have not yet been able to decipher. I think the trouble is with us, not with the info. Much of the
    info, which we obtained from these people, cast some serous doubts on the validity of some of the basic
    corieepts of our science.

    For one thing they told us that the velocity of light was not a constant. As a matter of fact they seemed to
    be rather pointed in their statements that light doesn't travel, it is. And we told them that from our point of
    view it appeared to travel with a certain definite velocity of 186,000 miles per second. They said that's the
    way it looks to you because you are looking at it from a region having certain conditions, certain
    influences, but they said if you were to go away from this region you would find that a different set of
    circumstances prevailed. Another thing they told us cast a great deal of doubt on our ideas of time. They
    told us that time wasn't at all what we thought it was, namely what might be marked off with the ticking of
    a clock, that time was, in fact, a field function, the result of there being a universe. That is, something
    which was derived from the basic primordial concepts which brought this universe into being, and that it
    differed as you went from one part of the universe to the other. Also it could be altered, sometimes by
    natural means, sometimes by intelligently-controlled means in various parts of the universe. So that in any
    given interval, which incidentally is what our clocks mark off, our intervals, not chunks of time, in these
    intervals we can have all sorts of lengths of time. In other words if one of you checks your clock with me
    and fmds that they are synchronised and I climb into a flying saucer and take a little trip out well clear of

t   this earth and I watch my clock and, say, come back in three hours time, and we again compare clocks,
    maybe your clock says I've been gone an how, my clock says I've been gone three hours. Both clocks are            0
     strictly correct. Yoii e'experienced an hour in the time that hand went around once; in that same interval I
      experignce4 tluee_houre ._anc4theywere three real hours, not an illusion. The theory of relativity, ta_Itcs_         _
     about this dilation. But this leads to a paradox and I think that anyone who is at all mathematically inclined
     and has taken the trouble to look at the relativistic time paradox is probably disturbed by it. According to
     the theory of relativity, if I climb into a,spacecraft and start out from the earth, here, at a velocity very.,,. ._ _
      nearly the velocity of light and I go out to, gay, Alpha Proxima, and then I turn around and come back;
     people on theearth ay I've been gone something like 10 years. According to my clock I've only been.
     gone a year. Now that is a result, apparently, of the time dilation in the theory of relativiy in that the
     spacecraft was moving, relative to the earth at a velocity very nearly equal to the velocity of light: The
     paradox arises when you consider that relative to the spacecraft, the earth was travelling away at exactly the
     same velocity, so therefore, to the people on the spacecraft who are relatively stationary, 10 years should
     have passed and by the time the earth came back to them it should only have been away a year. So you can
     see right away the very premise on which the theory of relativity is predicated, namely, that if B is relative
     to A, then A must be relative to B. leads you to an impossible paradox. This paradox is resolved
     completely if you recognize the variable nature of time. As you move around from one part of the universe
     to the other, you encounter all sorts of values of time in certain given intervals. Now I find that this idea of
     the concept of the variable nature of time to be almost incomprehensible to most people because, as they
     say, a Swede is only a Norwegian with his brains beaten out, I think that that is what has happened to most
     of us. We.were born with more intelligence than we have after we graduate from university because we've
     had it beaten out of us in the process. The very first thing that we learn when we are a very small child is
     that the feeding must be regulated by the clock. We don't know about the clock, but regardless of how we
     feel on the subject .ve still get the bottle at a certain particular time, and this carries on right through   our


     conscious life. Every time we do something we check with the clock. We become slaves to the clock to
     the extent that we believe that the intervals cut out by the clock are time itself. So we find it very difficult
     to readjust. Now I don't propose to say anything more about this particular aspect, butt would like to say
     something on the subject of the craft themselves.

C,   We asked them how they were supported and they said they were supported on the earth's gravitational
     field. We asked them what the earth's gravitational field was and they said it was a complicated function
     which has to do with the influences of the material which made up the planet which was producing the
     field. Further study on our own with occasional reference to these people form elsewhere and we figured
     out what was really taking place, to the extent that we were able to go into the laboratory and conduct a
     series of experiments which proved beyond a doubt that this is true. Our laboratory experiments have
     allowed us to make about a one per cent change in the weight of objects. We can make them about one per
     cent heavier and one per cent lighter. Now that is along way from holding a spacecraft up because you
     have to go over a hundred per cent before you do that. But the fact that we can do it, the fact the principle
     that the people from outside gave us and guided us to fmding out for ourselves are valid, certainly indicates
                                                                           then
     that, first, these people are what they say they are, second, that           technology is what they say it is, that it
     is superior to ours, that ours is inadequate in many respects. Now I asked for a blackboard-here tonight
     because I want to draw a very small diagram on here, which I think may throw a little light on how these
     craft are actually held up. Now the diagram is very simple...(draws on board). Those lines can be
     considered as the earth's gravitational field. This is not a strictly correct representation because a field is a
     dynamic function, not a static one. Down here someplace is the centre. As you can see this is diverging
     outward. IF we place any object in here this object is subject to attraction from this virtual centre down
     here, on this side and this side, but this side is closer than this side, so that we have a net resultant force
     down this way. However if we bend this field, and we do this to it, this object now finds itself in a field the
     virtual centre of which is up here somewhere. So that the object, now, thinks this is down and proceeds to
     fall in that direction. Or if the field is bent until it is exactly parallel there is no resultant force on the object
     and it remains weightless. It is just that simple, and this is precisely what we have done in the laboratory,
     but because the fields around the earth are very intense, the fields which we have had available from our
     modem technology are most inadequate to do more than bend these fields by a very small amount so that
     we have been able to bend the earth's field to fool the little weight into thinking that that was down instead
     of this being down. Now we understand that these craft operate on that principle. Underneath. the bells
     there are three things that people have referred to as landing gear. They're not landing gear at all, they're
     spheres within which a charged sphere is rotating, it is spinning on magnetic bearings. Magnetic bearings
     are something else which the boys from topside have told us about. It's a very simple design in
    section...(draws on board). This the north pole and this is the south, and in it we have a thing which
S
                                       is


    looks like this with a south and,thiswith a north. They°re just simply ferrite bearings permanently
    magnetized We built them ourselves and checked them in the lab and they work perfectly. Very simple
    things. And the spheres carry a charge and they spin on this type of bearing down in side the big ball. And
    the tilt is just simply produced by,rotating the sphere a little bit which bends the field The process is much
    more complicated than would appear from what I'm telling you. This is the fast step and the end result
    Even though there are a lot of others in between.         -.

    Now one other thing that I would like to mention, as far as I know our group in Ottawa is the only group
    that has actually taken the info; from the boys topside and translated it into hardware that works. Much
    info has been given to us through other channels, but people just talk about it. They don't do anything
    about it and I think that's deplorable. I think when they give info, the least we can do is to show our good
    faith by trying to convert the info into hardware. We have built two items of hardware on their instructions
    that I'm rather proud of. One is a coil. It has a ferrite core and a trick winding on it. To look at it, it looks
    rather like a rather oddly wound inductor. When measured on a radio-frequency bridge it shows some very
    peculiar properties. There are certain frequencies at which it is impossible to balance the r.f. bridge, and
    that is a direct contradiction to what any electrical engineer will tell you should happen with a coil of wire
    wound on a ferrite core. Now if we take this coil and we excite it with radio frequency energy at or near
    these critical frequencies, we find that energy goes into the coil and nothing comes out. It's just
    disappearing. As a matter of fact we had one coil about an inch in diameter and eight inches long and we
    poured a kilowatt into that coil for two hours from a kilowatt communications-type transmitter. The coil
    was in a two-inch brass tube with.a plate welded on    one  end and a transmission line fitting on the other.
    We could fmd no radiation around the outside of that tube at all. In other words the energy went in; now
    came out. The info, which we got from the boys topside was that we were making tenser energy, which is
    a sixth-dimensional radio wave, and is the type of energy they use extensively for radio communications,
    transmission of power and for pushing and pulling. In fact they use it for just about everything that we
    could think of. We were not able to control this energy; we could just make it. We are hoping that later on
    we will be able to learn how to do it, but at the present time we are not just smart enough.

    The other item that I'm rather proud of resulted from a series of questions that we asked regarding
    accidental destruction to our aircraft by flying into the vicinity of a flying saucer. And we were informed
    that although a few of our aircraft had come to an unfortunate end by what they considered the colossal
    stupidity of our pilots, they were now taking corrective measures to avoid our aircraft. I asked them what
    happened, and they said, well, the fields around the saucers in order to hold them up, in order to produce
    the gravity differential, the time field differentials, which were necessary to operate the ship, these
    sometimes produced field combinations which reduced the strength of materials to the point where they
    were no longer strong enough to carry the load that the materials were expected to carry. Now as we know,
    aircraft, particularly the military type, are built with a rather small factor of safety, and in these regions of
    reduced binding, the materials are no longer strong enough to carry the load and the craft simply comes
    apart. Now we asked a series of questions about, or was it possible for our craft to detect these regions so
    we would not fly into them and they said it certainly was and they would give us the design of an
    instrument which would do this. They told us also that we, ourselves, were creating regions which were
    much more dangerous than the regions which they established because we could detect the presence of
    their craft and give them a wide berth, but we could not detect without instruments the presence of these
    vortices which we ourselves are producing. Now they gave us the design of the instrument which was
    fundamentally this: they said to select two materials, one stronger than the other, and they said to arrange
    so that these two materials pull against each other in such a manner that the weaker material was very near
    its breaking point and the strong material was a long way from its breaking point. On that basis we devised
    an instrument and built quite a number of them and sent them around to various people that we knew did
    quite a bit of travelling and we asked them if they would investigate regions through which aircraft must
    have passed just prior to breaking up in mid-air. We have unfortunately a large record of our aeroplanes
    having done just this. One of these crashes occurred at a place called Essudon which is about 20 miles
    south-west of Quebec and we investigated the region through which this BOAC aircraft must have passed
    just prior to the crash. Sure enough, big as life and twice as natural, we found a very large and very strong
    vortex. Our instruments showed it beyond a doubt. It was about a thousand feet in diameter and roughly
    circular with a rather sharp line of demarcation at the edge of it. You will recall also that about two years,
                                                                                                                        a
    three years ago, possibly a little longer, a jet aircraft crashed into a nunnery at Orleans, just out from
    Ottawa. It killed a number of people.and did a.great deal p~ damage. The.jet engine itself was finally dug
S
    out of the subsoil about 30 feet below the foundation. We investigated that one—again we found a very
    strong vortex of reduced binding We had a number of reports some in from the people in the field who
    found exactly the same thing. I wrote,a very stiff memorandum to the appropriate people in my own
    department pointing out some of these factwithout s'aying where we got the info. We told them we had
    instruments which showed the existence of these legions of reduced binding and suggested that something
    be done about it. The letter wound up on the crank file. I'm afraid that is the fate of most of these things,
    they wind upon the crank file. However that does not in any way change the fact that these regions of               I
    reduced binding exist, people topside told us they existed, we designed instruments which confirmed these
    facts.

     There's one other little point that I would like to make in connection with these regions of reduced binding.
     That is, that the people from topside told us that we make them when we set off a nuclear explosion. We
     make two of them. We make one of them in the vicinity of the nuclear explosion and one on the opposite
     side of the planet. Any of you who have ever seen pictures or facsimiles of a nuclear explosion have
     probably noticed that there is a column which is approximately of uniform diameter extending upwards
     from the region of the explosion and that is capped by a big mushroom-shaped cloud. That shape, that fact
     itself should have been sufficient warring tous that we were producing a very seriousgthitational
     disturbance. I'll show you what happens. (Draws on board.) That circle represents the earth. Out from
     the earth is emanating for the sake of simplicity, lets call it a gravitational field. We have a nuclear
     explosion:takes place at some point. 'A nuclear explosionmeans that there is a sudden change of matter to
     energy, in other words we have a (static)... which is large. Now it is not difficult to tell that if you have
    such a disturbance occurring in a gravitational field, there will be projected outwards a gravity wave which
    will be projected in the direction of the gravity field and with the velocity which is inversely proportional to
    strength of the gravitational field. Therefore if the explosion itself, if the conversion of mass to energy lasts
    over a period of time which would permit the expanding material to move out a hundred feet this way and a
    hundred feet this way, we would have a region 200 feet in diameter in which mass was being converted to
0   energy and which would be a virtual sort of a gravity wave that would travel straight up, thereby producing
    the column that we see supporting the mushroom cloud. What we don't see is that penetrating downwards
    through the centre of the planet there is a similar gravity wave which comes to a focal point down here and
    in this region, from approximately here on down, we have approximately the same mass all the way around
    so that the gravitational field in here is very low. So the velocity becomes very high and flares out this
    way, so that it comes out on the far side of the earth as a diverging cone. Now these things don't go away.
    We literally punch a hole in the field structure of the earth; a little round cylindrical hole on this side and
    big conical-shaped hole on the other side. They stay there for a long time. They're vortices and it takes
    them quite a while to dissipate. We don't know how long but we have gone back to places such as
    Essudon three months later and we have found that the vortex has gone. Now maybe it has moved away,
    we believe that that is what happens because we actually caught one of them moving, or maybe it
    dissipates, or maybe both. But we did find one out over the North Atlantic that drifted—ah—was picked
    up fuse by a friend of mine who is an RCAF pilot who had the instrument with him, they located it on a
    reconnaissance flight just to the south and west of Iceland. And then again on a flight out about a week
    later, it was about halfway between Iceland and Newfoundland and considerably weaker. At least that is
    the impression they got from the instrument indication. So that apparently they do move around and I
    presume they do fade out. We haven't incidentally located any in the last year or so. I presume it's
    because we have not been exploding any bombs lately. Now this is a bit of a review of our activity in
    Ottawa—what we have been doing and why we have been doing it.

    Question and Answer Period:

    Q:    Do the vortices affect human life?
    A:    That we do not know. We have had no opportunity of placing a guinea pig in the area and keeping
          them there for any length of time. The vortex at Essudon extended, when we discovered it, partly
          over the highway and out into a field. There were no accommodations for anyone even to park, other
          than on the shoulder of the road, long enough to explore this. We just don't know.
0
Q~   Why have nuclear tests been stopped?
A:   I can only guess at why they have been curtailed. I saw a picture I know was never released to the
     public, "showing avery large nuclear explosionaiBikinI. This picture showed a large fireball which I          Q   c
     think must have been well over 100 miles in diameter and projecting out from it were what looked
     like solar prominences, great tongues of activity. Now these tongues looked to me from the scale of
     the picture, about 25-50 miles. They were quiie comparable in size to the big fireball. Now my guess
     is that these tongues were in fact chain reactions taking place in the earth's atmosphere. Now what
     mechanism was involved I can only guess. I'm riot anuclear physicist, I only know that this picture
     was considered by those knowledgeable to be very significant and very worrisome. I think another
     reason, possibly, for the curtailment of the tests has been rising public opinion. It would be highly
     undesirable to go any further into the business of nuclear weapons than we have gone, possibly we
     have gone too far already.

Q:   (Question was barely audible and referred to the measuring instruments.)
A:   We believe that as long as the elastic limits of the material is not over-stretched the effect is
     temporary, but if it is overstressed the effect is permanent. Now we found a very peculiar thing.
     Things in the northern latitudes generally appear to be somewhat stronger than in the southern
     latitudes. We have one instrument which we took from Toopah(?), Manitoba, through Ottawa,
     Washington, D.C., and out through Oklahoma City: And while none of our instruments are calibrated
     in any kind of an absolute unit—simply because we don't know how to calibrate them in absolute
     units—they are merely scale indications. The scale goes around to 10. And we set them ordinarily
     around mid-scale, five or six. At Toopah it went up to about 7'/a--when it got down to Oklahoma
     City it was down to 2. And when we took it back to Ottawa it came back to the five. We had set it at
     5 in Ottawa. Now that meant that there was not a permanent stretch in the nylon fiber, which was the
     weaker of the two opposing pulls. However every time we take one of these instruments into Toronto
     we find that it promptly goes from 5 down to 2 and we have actually had several of the nylon fibers
     break when we take the instruments to Toronto. We came to the conclusion that Toronto was maybe
     good all right but it wasn't very strong (laughter). Incidentally they have had an abnormal number of
     structural steel failures when buildings have been undergoing construction. The steel has given way,          0
     bolts have given way. We believe that this is maybe a semi-permanent condition for Toronto because
     we found that just as we hit the outskirts of the city and as we proceeded through the city and towards
     Hamilton...static...it seems to be permanent. It's been there for four or five years now.

Q:   (Barely audible but had to do with the ability of UFOs to materialize and seemingly de-materialize.)
A:   That is a question I find very intriguing. If you consider a point here (indicates on board) about
     which time is not uniformly distributed. In other words as you come out from here you have less and
     less time, or looking at it the other way, the tempic field is greater in here than out here. If you have a
     beam of light passing through this region, since there is more time in here and less time in this part
     this light doesn't have to go as far in a given interval as this beam of light does. So this light beam
     bends so the direction is this direction here, but over here it's in this direction. So what apparently
     happens is that the light is bent around this particular point. When you look at a saucer which ash
     increased the tempic field in the vicinity of the saucer, you find that the light tends to approach the
     saucer in this fashion, go around it and out the other side. So that what little light comes directly
     from the saucer occupies such a very, very small portion of your field of vision that you think the
     saucer, if you see it at all, you think it's tiny—about the size maybe of a dime, when in reality it may
     be 150 ft in diameter. You are literally looking past the saucer. Now we saw one of the little
     monitors do exactly that trick. We had very good reason to believe that a certain conversation we
     were having with a friend of mine was being monitored by one of these fellows, so when we came
     out of the house we made a definite effort to locate it. We did. It was down in the ditch near the
     front of the house. As soon as we spotted it, apparently the people controlling it became aware of the
     fact. We saw what appeared to be just like a heat wave something like a foot in diameter. Popped
     out of the centre of this appeared to be a little disc abut so big, and it just took off like that into the
     blue yonder. I think the whole operation occurred in maybe less than two seconds. But we were
     looking right at it, and there were three of us, and we all saw the same thin. And knowing the trick
     about the field we figured that that was how it was done. Now there is one way that you can tell that
     a saucer is parked in a meadow, for example. If there is a background of trees, as you would walk             a
     along or drive along in a car looking out across the field, as you pass the vicinity of the saucer since
  "'the'light has a little bit farther to travel during this, it would appear as4hough momentarily the -• -
     background moved backwards. Now I have driven miles and miles past meadows looking for this
     very thing. I think I know what it ought to look like but I haven't seen it yet. Maybe since I'm onto
     this trickthey'11 do something else. (laughter)

The above transcript was made from a low-quality tape of Smith's speech in June, 1970 at Auckland, New
7n1and, by Tony Bnmt.
    Picture of Jim Smith (W. B. Smith son)


    Some pictures of Shirleys Bay Research Facility (taken around 2000)


•
•
•
I
Memorandum
TNEAR NGWNINSTITUTE 2101 CryatalPlmaArcade-Suite 136-Arlington; VA 22102-703/143-7070 Fl 703/143.7086


To:              Steve Greer         erg'v Li 'ry`
Front:           Joint L. Petersen '   &      CONTENTS STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL
Date:            3 December 1993              Property of Steven M. Greer M.D.
Subject:         Security                     NOT to be duplicated.

                   kl         /      16~c Ye r

I talked to Woolsey this morning and he suggested getting together over dinner. He was not
aware of your organization or that anyone was planning such an announcement. He seemed
genuinely surprised. This almost certainly means that, 1) there is an active attempt being
made at lower levels of government to sabotage Project Starlight, 2) this group almost certainly
has tapped your phones and is aware of most of the details of your plans, 3) they are feeding
information gathered from their collection (like the fact that you might be meeting with
Woolsey) back to you in a negative way, and, 3) there is no Aquarian Group.

Up until now, you have been an interesting operation that these folks in the government have
been keeping an eye on, etc. If we do have the dinner with Jim, we will have moved this whole
thing to a much, much higher plane and in doing so raised significant red flags for those who
don't want to see this succeed. Operation Starlight will become a serious threat to the status
quo. In the same way that you wouldn't volunteer all of your most detailed plans to one of the
most inflammatory members of the UFO "ghetto," knowing that he or she would use it to work
against your ends, so you must not volunteer sensitive information to others who would have
similar objectives.
Meetings with people like Woolsey must be kept very closely guarded. I have not even told
Diane about it. I just told her that we were having some people over for dinner on the 14th.
There is no good reason to tell others about these things unless they have a "need to know,"
particularly because in doing so you alert the opposition In this case, Jim will almost certainly
have someone check you and your organization out before our dinner. If the opposition
knows what is going on, they can obviously influence that report ( perhaps so much so that
Woolsey cancels.) We must not let that happen

Woolsey and other national leaders like him have huge stakes at risk in meeting with people
like you. In addition to personal reputations, etc., they represent our country at the highest
levels and have a responsibility for the wellbeing (such as it is) of the society. Their every
move is projected, writ large, on the giant screen of public opinion and is always vulnerable to
the indefatigable scrutiny and prying of the press. They must be very careful when they get
"out of the box" Remember the story you told me about the reaction by Pell to the suggestion
of anew approach in foreign relations. Remember my characterization: They are not
risk-takers. Just think of what it would do to our ability to deal with him in the future if, like
the Rockefeller meeting, it became known in the leadership of the "ghetto" that we were talking
to him. That would get back to him and we would never have access to him or anyone else of
substance in the government again.
                                 CONTENTS STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL
                                 Property of Steven M. Greer M.D.
                                 NOT to be duplicated.

I know that you are not used to these kinds of things, but you are at the place where you must
start thinking like a statesman rather than the director of a nonprofit organization in North
Carolina. You must understand that great principalities and powers will oppose your plans —
if they know about them. I am not suggesting a major lifestyle shifi 'but just common
prudence. Stop and think before telling someone about a sensitive aspect of the project if it is
important that the person know, and if they tell someone else, what might the effect be. This is
an extremely important project that we are pursuing. We must begin to act like it is as
important (and explosive) as it is.

Although you have a wonderful understanding of what this all means in the end, and how
important it is, with absolutely enormous respect for you let me suggest that you may not yet
have a very good grasp of the magnitude and hazards of the mid-term process that starts to get
us to the objective. I have often thought of the government and our society like a human body.
You can scuff it and abrade it and it doesn't respond seriously. But the moment you

If we can insert this thing quickly enough at a high enough level, a good deal of the risk will be
eliminated. But in any case, those who would like to scuttle the project and have the means to
monitor it will continue to pass information to other groups outside of government
(arch-conservatives, fundamentalist religious groups, etc.) who will always be a problem. We
will win at this if we are smart about how we do it We will not if we are not

Remembez the most powerful people in the world will have a deep, compelling interest in
our activities and will use everything at their disposal to effect their objectives.

I am having a security plan drawn up by a friend and should have something for you soon. In
the meantime, if the portable phone in your kitchen does not have an encryption function on it
you should not use it to talk about CSETI affairs. Any kid with a scanner within a one mile
radius of your home can monitor those calls. We should not be broadcasting this stuff.

I do believe that we must get a bulletin board up and running soon.

This problem may not be as significant as it appears — but if so, we will have just added some
insurance that assures our success.
Regarding the dinner, if you thought it was a good idea I would like to invite down Laurence
Rockefeller and his wife to join us that evening. If he would be willing to do so it would
communicate important things to Jim that should attend this discussion. You should call him
from your hotel in Las Vegas (or a pay phone in Asheville) and talk to him directly (not
Diamond.) The dinner party will be Sue and Jim Woolsey, Emily and you, Diane and me, and
one other couple.
         R. JAMES WOOLSEY                                            JOHN L. PETERSEN
             SUITE 800                                                   SUITE 204
   1800 MASSACHUSETTS AVENUE, N.W.                                   1 501 LEE HIGHWAY
      WASHINGTON, D.C. 20036                                    ARLINGTON, VIRGINIA 22209


                                        September 16, 1999


Steven M. Greer, M.D.
International Director
Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence
P.O. Box 265
Crozet, Virginia 22932

Dear Dr. Greer:

       It has just come to the attention of the four of us that you have, without giving any of us
the opportunity to comment, published a distorted`account of dinner party of some six years
                                                                              a


ago at which the four of us, you, and your wife were seated together.

        In the Introduction to your book, Extraterrestrial Contact, published earlier this year you
portray this dinner party conversation during which the four of us listened to your views and
politely asked questions as a "briefing" with a "cover story." You further assert that Mr. and
Mrs. Woolsey reported a UFO sighting to you and agreed with your views. You include specific
alleged quotations from them.

       None of this is accurate. You have portrayed politeness as acquiescence and questions as
affirmations. Your conduct in this matter contravenes both accuracy and simple manners.


                                             Sincerely,


John L. Petersen        Diane C. Petersen               anies
                                                                    Woolsey
Tonight I was asked by the editor of a small UFO newsletter (CNI News) to comment on a recent letter signed by former CIA
Director R James Woolsey et at regarding my meeting with him on December 13,1993. Apparently, this letter was sent to
Michael Lindemann for publication in the September 30 edition of the CNI newsletter.

Mr. Woolsey and the others question the accuracy ( or manners) of my depiction of this meeting in the introduction of my new
book "Extraterrestrial Intelligence: The Evidence and Implications" (www.DrGreeccom). You can read this introduction on the
website for yourself.

Mr. Woolsey et at have a very selective memory of this nearly 3 hour briefing of a sitting CIA Director. If anything, and my wife
who was present can attest to this, my description of the meeting is incredibly understated.

In his letter, Mr. Woolsey (now apparently a lobbyist in Washington) implies that this was not a briefing but only a dinner
party, and that the dinner party was not a cover story for the briefing, etc.

It must be understood that it was a fiend of the CIA Director, Mr. Petersen - not myself-who characterized the dinner party
as a cover story for the meeting with the CIA Director, Indeed, Mr. Petersen made the anangements for this meeting and
hosted it at his home in Arlington VA. He told me and my wife that even his wife did not know Mr. Woolsey was coming to
their home hr dinner until the morning of the briefing.

They claim my characterization and specific references describing the meeting were inaccurate. Not at ail.

Quoting from a sensitive memo FedEx'ed to my home from Mr. Petersen, who made all of the arrangements with the CIA
Director.

    "I talked to Woolsey this morning and he (underlined in the original suggested getting together over dinner. He was not
aware of your organization or that anyone was planning such an announcement {regarding UFOs/smg} . This almost certainly
means that, 1)there is an active attempt being made at lower levels of government to sabotage Project Starlight {the CSE11
UFO disclosure eiort/smg}, 2) this group almost certainly has tapped your phones and is aware of most of the details of your
plans..."

    "If we do have dinner with Jim (Woolsey), we will have moved this whole thing to a much, much higher plane and in doing
so raised significant red flags for those who don't want to see this succeed. Operation Starlight will become a serious
(underlined) threat to the status quo."

"Meetings with people like Woolsey must be kept very closely guarded. I have not even told Diane {Mr. Petersen% wife/smg}
about it."

"You must understand that great principalities and powers will oppose your plans..."

Then, all in bold: " Remember the most powerful people in the world            have a deep, compelling interest in our activities and
                                                                                wi   ll


will use everything (n italics) at their disposal to effect their objectives."

And so forth.

Mr. Petersen, who heads up a national security think tank called The Arlington Institute, was working very closely with me
during those days and had substantial experience in national security and military matters.

From the above quotes it is obvious that this was no mere dinner partyl The dinner party was only the cover - and the stakes
were and are every bit what Mr. Petersen describes.

As for other information contested in Mr. Woolsey's letter, I stand by the account Regarding Mr. Woolsey% UFO sighting:
This was first conveyed to me by his long-time fiend Mr. Petersen and was later confirmed at the briefing.

In my new book, I reproduce the document handed to Mr. Woolsey during the briefing. In this document, which 1 handed
personally to him, we recommend that Mr. Woolsey and the President move decisively towards a near-tens disclosure of the
UFO/Ell matter. Just a dinner party?


                                             Thu,adng3ept®4er27. 1999   CompuServe G,3G,eor   Paso: 1
I am certain that Mr. Woolsey knew the UFOs were real and that a very deep cover project was running that area - a project
which had kept the CIA Director himself in the dark.

Later in their letter, Mr. Woolsey et al complain that my conduct "contravenes ....simple manners". Manners? 1 was on
Lary King Live over 9 months after the meeting with the CIA Director. But this meeting was not disclosed, because Mr.
Woolsey was still in office and 1 felt decorum necessitated silence regarding such meetings. I have behaved with the utmost
restraint and have disclosed such matters only after very careful consideration. Indeed, 1 would not be wilting this letter
except that Lindemann at CNI plans to publish Mr. Woolsey's 'sanitized' account of the briefing and has compelled me to
write. (Why Mr. Woolsey et al would make such a letter available to Lindemann is beyond me.) I made no pact of silence
regarding such meetings. And since disclosing this meeting, I have always portrayed Mr. Woolsey and his wife as people
seeking the truth of such matters and as people who wanted excessive secrecy ended. Pedraps 1 was wrong...

Manners? Indeed - if anything, perhaps I have been too restrained.

Good 'manners' as it pertains to this subject means speaking the truth - and being willing to stand up for it. Good manners
would be public servants such as Mr. Woolsey, Dr. Woolsey and others doing the right thing and working ardently for the truth
to be told regarding UFOs and Eli. Good manners should mean being more concerned for the health of our democracy and
the constitution than covering-up the import and purpose of such a briefing. And good manners would be joining in the effort
to disclose a matter which, once made public, would allow earth.saving technologies to be revealed which would halt the
wholesale destruction of our eco-system.

As a very busy emergency doctor in NC, with 4 young daughters, I assure you that we did not make that brief trip to
Washington DC on December 13, 1993 to sight-see or just to have dinner. But rather, we made that journey to plead for the
end of super- secret projects which are being withheld from the people so that our democracy could be made whole and our
children's future made sustainable.

The current attempt to minimize, obfuscate or cover-up the purpose and details of this briefing with the CIA Director is quite
disconcerting -and strange. Why Mr. Woolsey and the others would write such a letter is unknown to me. We can only
speculate. I stand by my account. But now, perhaps the time has come for "we the people' to demand that current and
former officials such as CIA Director Woolsey and the President be held responsible for the the lack of action on resolving this
most pressing problem. After all, we pay their salaries, provide their perks - and they represent us. It is not 1who needs
defense. My actions over these long years have spoken my commitment. But we still await action from our elected and
appointed officials. As the earth groans under the weight of the erosive and corrupting influences of big money and special
interests, I wonder just how much longer we shall have to wait...

I think it is time that the American people demand that the waiting time be over.

Steven M. Greer M.D.
CSE11 Director
23 September 1999
Albemarle County Virginia

This letter may be reproduced but ONLY in its entirety.

                         copyright 1999 Steven M. Greer M.D.


                                           Thunder.&ptember23, 1555 Compaeene.mss,nr   Pege:2
Emily Greer

From:                       Jan Bravo <magicdoctor@comcast.net>
Sent:                       Wednesday, October 31, 2012 2:59 PM
To:                         Steve Greer; Ted Loder; Emery Smith
Cc:                         Emily Greer
Subject:                    Interesting...


Guess who is personally signed up to the Sirius gmail site? Below is an automated reply to the
Constant Contact message that was sent.
Emily, please p & s email address.

         Forwarded message
From: Woolsey, Jim [USA] <Woolsey R.James@bah.com>
Date: Tue, Oct 30, 2012 at 2:26 PM
Subject: Automatic reply: [External] Sirius update from Dr. Steven Greer
To: "Dr. Steven Greer" <aboutsirius@gmail.com>


Please send all a-mails to jim(awoolsevpartners.com, effective immediately.

thanks,
Jim Woolsey


                                                  1
Subj:   invitation to comment
Date: 9/22/99 10:42:49 PM Eastern Dayfight Time
From: CNINewsl@aol.com
Sender. CNINewsl@aol.com
Replyto: CNINewsl@aol.com
To: drsgreer@cs.com
CC: CNINewsl@aol.com

Sender. CNINewsl@aol.com
Received: from imol8.mx.aol.com (mol8.mx.aoLcom [198.81.17.8])
    by spdmgaac.compuserve.com (8.9.3/8.9.3/SUN-1.6) with ESMTP Id WAA08871
    for <Dr ET@compuserve.com>; Wed, 22 Sep 1999 22:41:53 -0400 (ED])
From: CNINews1@aoLcom
Received: from CNINews1@aoLcom
    by imol8.mx.aol.com (mail outy22.4.) id 1EWEa12765 (305);
    Wed, 22 Sep 1999 20:45:41 -0400 (EDT)
Message-ID: <20978b8.251ad235@aol.com>
Date: Wed, 22 Sep 1999 20:45:41 EDT
Subject: invitation to comment
To: Dr ET@compusenre.cam
CC: CNINews1@aoLcom
MIMEVersion: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; chaiset="usascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Mailer. AOL 2.7 for Mac sub 3


Steven;

I have been cc'd a letter sent to you by John Petersen, R James Woolsey et
al. Petersen suggests I publish it.

1 invite you to comment on their objections to certain material in the intro
to your book. My publishing deadline is Sept 30.

Hoping you will respond.

Best regards,
Michael Lindemann


                  Headers
Return-Path: <CNINewsl@aol.com>
Received: from dyxa01.mail.cs.com (dy-xa01.mail.cs.com [172.31.33.24)) by air-xa0l.malLcs.com (u60.28) with ESMIP;
Wed, 22 Sep 1999 22:42:49 -0400
Received: from spdmgaae.compusenre.com (ds4mg-5.compuserve.com [149.174.206.138])
      by rlyxa01.mail.cs.com (8.8.8/8.8.5/CS-4.0.0)
      with ESMTP Id WAA03726 for <drsgreer@cs.com>;
      Wed, 22 Sep 1999 22:42:49 -0400 (EDT)
From: CNINews1@aoLcom
Received: (from mailgate@localhost)
    by spdmgaae.compusenre.com (8.9.3/8.9.3/SUN-1.6) id WAA17605
    for drsgreen cs.com; Wed, 22 Sep 1999 22:42:48 -0400 (EDT)
Date: Wed, 22 Sep 1999 22:41:59 -0400
Subject: invitation to comment
Sender. CNINewsl@aol.com
To: drsgreer@cs.com

                                            Thursday, Seprembern, 1988   CampuSerra: DySGrser   Peg": i
Mr. Lindemann,

1 see...you only publish the cover-up machinations of others when it gets you into some muck-raking opportunities...

A complete response will be forthcoming, complete with quotes from the correspondence from Mr. Peterson who set up the
meeting - and who himself called the dinner party a'cover story' for that briefing.

It can be no surprise that such figures are running for cover now that the public might begin to ask 'who knew what - and
When'. The CIA Director et al failed to act to defend the constitution or to assist in the long-overdue disclosure. Ditto for his
wife, Dr. Sue Woolsey who was COO of the National Academy of Sciences. The DC spinmeisters can spin it all they want -1
stand by the events which occurred, the things said and shared - and have real time diaries and the correspondence with Mr.
Peterson to establish it.

A full rebuttal to this blatant attempt at cover-up and minimizing of the briefing will be forthcoming shortly.

Sincerely,

Steven M. Greer M.D.
CSEII Director


                                            Thursday, Seplember]3, 1888   CompuServe: 0.SGraar   Page:1
Subj: Re: Letter From Mr. Woolsey
Date: 9/23/9910:31:56 AM Eastern Daylight lime
From: CNINewsl@aol.com
To: DrSGreer

Dear Steven,

I am very pleased to hear your fuller account of the meeting, and I believe readers of CNI News will be as well. As you
indicate, I will reproduce your letter in its entirety.

Thank you and best regards,

Michael Lindemann


                                           Thursday, SapteMrer2i, 1999   CrsapuSatvr. G,SGreer   PagE1
Subj:  Re: Letter From Mr. Woolsey
Date: 9/23/9910:59:53 AM Eastern Daylight Time
From: whmiller@sprynet.com
To: DrSGreer@cs.com (by way of Tony Craddock <webmaster@cseti.org>)

Thanks, Steve/Tony. You told it like it is. Those who hide behind
the cloak of darkness and evil always fear the cleansing light of day
and the truth.

Best regards,

Will


                  Headers
Retum-Path: <whmtller@sprynet.com>
Received: from rly-wa0l.mx.cs.com (rly-waol.mail.cs.com [172.18.149.20]) by air-waol.mail.cs.com (ve0.28) with ESMTP;
Thu, 23 Sep 199910:59:53 -0400
Received: from smtp7.atl.mindspring.net (smtp7.atl.mindspdng.net [207.69.128.51]) by riy-waol.mx.cs.com (v61.9) with
ESMTP; Thu, 23 Sep 1999 10:59:51 -0400
Received: from acdr-367d (user-37kaa18.dialup.mindspdng.com [207.69.40.40])
     by smtp7.atl.mindspdng.net (8.8.5/8.8.5) with SMTP id KAA08385
     for <DrSGreer@cs.com>; Thu, 23 Sep 199910:59:50 -0400 (EDT)
From: whmiller@sprynet.com
Message-Id: <199909231459.KAA08385@smtp7.atl.mindspring.net>
To: DrSGreer@cs.com (by way of Tony Craddock <webmaster@cseti.org>)
Date: Thu, 23 Sep 1999 10:58:26 -0400
MIMEVersion: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
Content-transfer-encoding: 7BIT
Subject: Re: Letter From Mr. Woolsey
X-Confimi-Reading-To: whmiller@sprynet.com
X-pmrgc: 1
Priority: normal
In-reply-to: <4.0.1.19990923004525.029f4150@west.net>
X-mailer. Pegasus Mail for Win32 (v3.01b)


                                           Thursday, September71, 1999   CompuServe: Discreet   Page:1
Subj: Re: Letter From Mr. Woolsey
Date: 9/23/9912:05:22 PM Eastern Daylight Time
From: Ralfnstein@aol.com
To: DrSGreer

Steven,

I figured something like this would happen if Woolsey were pressed for comment. That's the problem with all of these high
level guys: Chickenshit to the bone when it comes down to their careers and quite possibly their lives. I'rn sure he is sensing
the ghost of Bill Colby lurking around every twist in the Potomac.

By the way; I guess that answers Leslie's question to me about her possibly contacting Woolsey and getting him to go on the
record. I told her it would probably be a wild goose chase. She is struggling right now with the immensity of what she has
bitten into. She underestimated the journalistic resistance to cover the issue, even from her closest colleague at KPFA who
fears being tarred and feathered as a jomalist for sanctioning a broadcast of your interview on his much coveted Fiashpoints
news magazine. We may still brodcast that interview next month during the Fund Drive as a special, but I could be asked to
digitally replace Leslie's voice with my own in order to keep the Fiashpoints team out of identification with the subject matter,
something that so irritates and infuriates me! want to puke; but... if it would get the interview on the air ASAP, 1'd do it. The
supreme irony is that the KPFA audience would simply go wild.

Much love and support for everything my friend, much love. Once one is truly "out on a limb", one begins to take it for granted
that most other people, no matter how generally courageous they may be, have basically not yet decided to saw off their part
of the tree yet.

Regards to Emily and a big hug for the copy of the book.

Onward, slogging through mud and the quicksand of it all!

Ralph

P.S.
Don't let ML get you down. He's just too afraid to get face to face with the real deal so he hides behind didactic controversy
as a safe haven. This I know because in '91 when we were in the field together near Edwards and a saucer hovered above us
at Black Butte, he refused to believe that the glowing pink oval above was nothing other than the planet Mars, even though
Mars was not supposed to be there that night, and certainly not supposed to disappear 15 minutes later! I kept trying to point
that out to him, but he had his binoculars trained on the Llano facility instead. I wouldn'ttake it personally if 1 were you. It
takes all kinds to create a pithy dialogue and to stir the pot.


                                           Thu,adey, September 21,1999   CompuServe: DrSGreer   Pegt I
   Tonight I was asked by the editor of a small UFO newsletter (CU! News) to comment on a recent letter signed by former CIA
   Director R James Woolsey et al regarding my meeting with him on December 13,1993. Apparently, this letter was sent to
   Michael Undemann for publication in the September 30 edition of the GUI newsletter.
          r •
   Mr, Woolsey and the others question the accuracy ( or manners) of depiction of this meeting in the introduction of my new
                                                                               my


  ;book "Extraterrestrial Intelligence: The Egdence and Implications' (www.DrGreer.com). You can read this introduction on the
a; website for yourself.

 rMr. Woolsey et al have a very selective memory of this nearly 3 hour briefing of sitting CIADirector. If anything, and my wife
  who was present can attest to this, my description of the meeting is incredibly understated.

     In his letter, Mr. Woolsey (now apparently a lobbyist in Washington) implies that this was not a briefing but only a dinner
     party, and that the dinner party was not a cover story for the briefing, etc.
 a
     It must be understood that it was a fiend of the CIA Director, Mr. Petersen - not myself-who characterized the dinner party
     as a cover story' for the meeting with the CIA Director. Indeed, Mr. Petersen made the arrangements for this meeting and
     hosted it at his home in Arlington VA. He told me and my wife that even his wife did not know Mr. Woolsey was coming to
     their home for dinner until the moming of the briefing.

     They claim my characterization and specific references describing the meeting were inaccurate. Not at all.

     Quoting from a sensitive memo FedEx'ed to my home from Mr. Petersen, who made all of the arrangements with the CIA
     Director.

         "I talked to Woolsey this moming and he (underlined in the original) suggested getting together over dinner. He was not
     aware of your organization or that anyone was planning such an announcement {regarding UFOs/smg} . This almost certainly
     means that, 1)there is an active attempt being made at lower levels of govemment to sabotage Project Starlight {the CSETI
     UFO disclosure effort/smg}, 2) this group almost certainly has tapped your phones and is aware of most of the details of.your
     plans..."

         "If we do have dinner with Jm (Woolsey), we will have moved this whole thing to a much , much higher plane and in doing
     so raised significant red flags for those who dont want to see this succeed. Operation Starlight will become a serious
     (underined) threat to the status quo."

     "Meetings with people like Woolsey must be kept very closely guarded. I have not even told Diane {Mr. Petersen's wife/smg}
     about it"

     "You must understand that great principalities and powers will oppose your plans..."

 ,Then, all in bold: "Remember. the most powerful people in the world will have a deep, compelling interest In our activities and
  will use everything (n italics) at their disposal to effect their objectives."

     And so forth.

     Mr. Petersen, who heads up a national security think tank called The Arlington Institute, was working very closely, with me
     during those days and had substantial experience in national security and military matters.

   From the above quotes it is obvious that this was no mere dinner party! The dinner party was only the cover -and the stakes
 ' were and are every bit what Mr. Petersen describes.

     As for other information contested in Mr. Woolsey's letter, l stand by the account. Regarding Mr. Woolsey's UFO sighting:
     This was first conveyed to me by his long-time Mend Mr. Petersen and was later confirmed at the briefing.

 In my new book, l reproduce the document handed to Mr. Woolsey during the briefing. In this document, which I handed
 personally to him, we recommend that Mr. Woolsey and the President move decisively towards a near-term disclosure of the
 UFO/Ell matter. Just a dinner party?


                                                Thund.y, s.pl"nb.ru. touu CmpuS cn 0,acr..r   P.pc I
                                                                                               f
                                                                     ~l
Meeting with then CIA Director, James Woolsey
At the home of Johii and Diane Peterson - Dec. 13, 1993

Recollections of the meeting - Emily K. Greer - September 23, 1999

John Peterson had contacted Steve by FedEx to let him know that Woolsey had requested a
meeting with him ( Steve) to find out about the UFO subject. I-Ie asked us to make a quick trip to
D.C. for what he would call a "dinner party" specifically so that the meeting would be off the
record. He specifically said to Steve that he had told his wife that 4 others were coming to
dinner. He had given her our names, but not the Woolseys.

Steve and I arrived at the Petersons before the Woolseys. I fully expected that there would be
pleasantries and small talk before and during dinner and that after- dinner the men would retire to
another room for the business at hand which definitely was to talk to Woolsey about the whole
UFO matter. Steve and I had brought photos, videos, and position papers to share with Mr.
Woolsey.

When Woolsey arrived there were about 15 minutes of pleasantries about his having to spend the
day with funding issues and briefly about family and pets and then Mr. Woolsey very specifically
said something to the effect of "Let's move on the why we are here." From that moment, for the
rest of the evening with hardly a word spent on other topics the discussion was on UFOs, the
secrecy, and the whole issue of Extraterrestrial Contact. Following dinner I\Ir. Woolsey asked to
see the video tape footage of Extraterrestrial Space Craft that Steve had brought with him. He
continually asked questions and brought the subject back to this issue. The discussion was
focused on the Extraterrestrial issue in all its ramifications and was kept on track by Mr. Woolsey
who wholeheartedly participated in it with John Peterson and Sue Woolsey participating to a
lesser extent. Diane Peterson and I were mostly listening.
      I am certain that Mr. Woolsey knew the UFOs were real and that a very deep cover project was running that area - a project
      which had kept the CIA Director himself in the dark.

    Later in their letter, Mr. Woolsey et al complain that my conduct "contravenes ....simple manners". Manners? I was on
    Lany King Live over 9 months after the meeting with the CIA Director. But this meeting was not disclosed, because Mr.
    1Nobisey was still in office and I felt decorum necessitated silence regardng such meetings. I have behaved with the utmost ,.
^, restraint and have disclosed such matters only after very careful consideration. Indeed, I would not be writing this letter -
   %except that Lindemann at CNI plans to publish Mr. Woolsefl sanitized' account of the briefing and has compelled me to
    write. (Why Mr. Woolsey et al would make such a letter available to Llndemann is beyond me.) I made no pact of silence ;
    regarding such meetings. And since disclosing this meeting, I have always portrayed Mr. Woolsey and his wife as people
    seeking the truth of such matters and as people who wanted excessive secrecy ended. Perhaps I was wrong...
       r                                                                                                                         • •
    Manners? Indeed - if anything, perhaps I have been too restrained.

      Good 'manners' as it pertains to this subject means speaking the truth - and being willing to stand up for it. Good manners
      would be public servants such as Mr Woolsey, Dr. Woolsey and others doing the right thing and working ardently for the truth
      to be told regarding UFOs and Ell. Good manners should mean being more concerned for the health of our democracy and
      the constitution than covering-up the import and purpose of such a briefing. And good manners would be joining in the effort
      to disclose a matter which, once made,public, would allow earthsaving technologies to be revealed which would halt the
      wholesale destruction of our eco-system.

      As a very busy emergency doctor in NC, with 4 young daughters, I assure you that we did not make that brief trip to
      Washington DC on December 13, 1993 to sight-see or just to have dinner. But rather, we made that joumey to plead for the
      end of super- secret projects which are being withheld from the people so that our democracy could be made whole and our
      children's future made sustainable.

      The current attempt to minimize, obfuscate or cover-up the purpose and details of this briefing with the CIA Director is quite
      disconcerting -and strange. Why Mr. Woolsey and the others would write such a letter is unknown to me. We can only
      speculate. I stand by my account. But now, perhaps the time has come for "we the people' to demand that current and
      former officials such as CIA Director Woolsey and the President be held responsible for the the lack of action on resolving this
      most pressing problem. After all, we pay their salaries, provide their perks - and they represent us. It is not I who needs
      defense. My actions over these long years have spoken my commitment. But we still await action from our elected and
      appointed officials. As the earth groans under the weight of the errosive and conupting influences of big money and special
      interests, I wonder just how much longer we shall have to wait...

   I think it is time that the American people demand that the waiting time be over.

   Steven M. Greer M.D.
   CSE11Director
   23 September 1999
   Aibemarie County Virginia

      This letter may be reproduced but ONLY in its entirety.

                               copyright 1999 Steven M. Greer M.D.


  c


 a:


                                                 Thursday. 8eplember 22,   nSa   Cempuesrvt DrSGrnr   Psgs:2
    Mr. Lindemann,

    I see...you only publish the cover-up machinations of others when it gets you into some muck-raking opportunities...

     A complete response will be forthcoming, complete with quotes from the correspondence from Mr. Peterson who set up the
    'meeting and who himself called the dinner party a'cover story' for that briefing.
            r
  It can be no surprise that such figures are running for cover now that the public might begin to ask ' who knew what -and '
` when'. The CIA Director et at failed to act to defend the constitution or to assist in the long-overdue disclosure. Ditto for his -
  wife, Dr. Sue Woolsey who was COO of the National Academy of Sciences. The DC spinmeisters can spin It all they want - I `
  stand by the events which occurred, the things said and shared - and have real time diaries and the correspondence with Mr.
  Peterson to establish it.
s
    A full rebuttal to this blatant attempt at cover-up and minimizing of the briefing will be forthcoming shortly.

    Sincerely,

    Steven M. Greer M.D.
    CSEII Director


                                                Thundq.eePlwb.r27.1Ye9   Co wu$aw~OlsGmr   Fag. 1
                                                                           }t
                                                                          l    i
    Sub): invitation to comment
    Date: 9/22/9910:42:49 PM Eastern Daylight Time
    From: CNINews1@aol.com
    Sender. CNINewsl@aol.com
    Reply-to:; „CNINewsl@aol.com
' . To: drsgreer@cs.com
    CC:CNINews1@aol.com
 i'          i
 • Sender. CNINewsl@aol.com
   Received: from imol8.mx.aol.com (imol8.mx.aoLcom [198.81.17.8])
        by spdmgaac.compuserve.com (8.9.3/8.9.3/SUN-1.6) with ESMTP Id WAA08871
       ,for <Dr ET@compusewe.com>; Wed, 22 Sep 1999 22:41:53 -0400 (ED1)
   From: CNINews1@aoLcom
   Received: from CMNewsl@aol.com
        by imo18.mx.aoicom (mail out Y22.4.) id IEWEa12765 (305);
        Wed, 22 Sep 1999 20:45:41 -0400 (EDT)
   Message-ID: <20978b8.251ad235@aol.com>
   Date: Wed, 22 Sep 1999 20:45:41 EDT
   Subject: invitation to comment
   To: DLET@compuserve.com
   CC: CNINews1@aoLcom
   MIMEVersion: 1.0
   Content-Type: text/plain; charset"usascii"
   ContentTransfer-Encoding: 7bit
   xMailec AOL 2.7 for Mac sub 3


 Steven,

I have been cc'd a letter sent to you by John Petersen, R James Woolsey et
al. Petersen suggests I publish it.

I invite you to comment on their objections to certain material in the intro
to your book. My publishing deadline is Sept 30.

Hoping you will respond.

Best regards,
Michael Lindemann


                   Headers
 Return-Path: <CNINews1@aol.coni>
.Received: from dy-xa0l.maii.cs.com (dyxa0l.mail.cs.com [17231.33.24]) by air-xa0l.mall.cs.com (i.60.28) with ESMIP;`
'Wed, 22 Sep 199922:42:49 -0400
 Received: from spdmgaae.compuserve.com (ds-img-5.compuserve.com [149.174.206.138])
       by dyxa01.mail.cs.com (8.8.8/8.8.5/CS-4.0.0)
       with ESMIP Id WAA03726 for <drsgreer@cs.com>;
       Wed, 22 Sep 1999 22:42:49 -0400 (EDT)
 From: CNINewsl@aol.com
 Received: (from mailgate@localhost)
     by spdmgaae.compuserve.com (8.9.3/8.9.3/SUN-1.6) Id WAA17605
     for drsgreer@cs.com; Wed, 22 Sep 1999 22:42:48 -0400 (EDT)
 Date: Wed, 22 Sep 1999 22:41:59 -0400
 Subject: invitation to comment           •                  •                 ,
 Sender. CNINewsl@aol.com
 To: drsgreer@cs.com

                                            Thun"ley, gept.mb.r 23,   toga


                                                                             CompusarsDrSGrwr   P"gm 3
Memorandum                                                                                                     /
T7IEARLlNG7vNEJSTm1TE 2101 Crystal PlazoArcade-Suite 136-Arlington: VA 22202- 7031243.7070FX703/243-7086
   R                                           ..          _                   _.._... -.._._.,-,_     .. .-

To:               Steve Greer                ~rp 0
                                                r
Front             John L. Petersen             &         CONTENTS STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL
Date:             3 December 1993                        Property of Steven M. Greer M.D.
Subject:          Security                               NOT to be duplicated.


I talked to Woolsey this morning and he suggested getting together over dinner. He was not
aware of your organization or that anyone was planning such an announcement. He seemed
genuinely surprised. This almost certainly means that; 1) there is an active attempt being
made at lower levels of government to sabotage Project Starlight, 2) this group almost certainly
has tapped your phones and is aware of most of the details of your plans, 3) they are feeding
information gathered from their collection (like the fact that you aught be meeting with
Woolsey) back to you in a negative way, and, 3) there is no Aquarian Group.
Up until now, you have been an interesting operation that these folks in the government have
been keeping an eye on, etc. If we do have the dinner with Jim, we will have moved this whole
thing to a much, much higher plane and in doing so raised significant red flags for those who
don't want to see this succeed. Operation Starlight will become a serious threat to the status
quo. In the same way that you wouldn't volunteer all of your most detailed plans to one of the
most inflammatory members of the UFO "ghetto," knowing that he or she would use it to work
against your ends, so you must not volunteer sensitive information to others who would have
similar objectives.
Meetings with people like Woolsey must be kept very closely guarded. I have not even told
Diane about it. I just told her that we were having some people over for dinner on the 14th.
There is no good reason to tell others about these things unless they have a "need to know,"
particularly because in doing so you alert the opposition. In this case, Jim will almost certainly
have someone check you and your organization out before our dinner. If the opposition
knows what is going on, they can obviously influence that report ( perhaps so much so that
Woolsey cancels.) We must not let that happen.
Woolsey and other national leaders like him have huge stakes at risk in meeting with people
like you. In addition to personal reputations, etc., they represent our country at the highest
 levels and have a responsibility for the wellbeing (such as it is) of the society. Their every
move is projected, writ large, on the giant screen of public opinion and isalways vulnerable to
the indefatigable scrutiny and prying of the press. They must be very careful when they get
"out of the box." Remember the story you told me about the reaction by Pell to the suggestion
of a new approach in foreign relations. Remember my characterization: They are not
risk-takers. Just think of what it would do to our ability to deal with him in the future if, like
the Rockefeller meeting, it became known in the leadership of the "ghetto" that we were talking
to him. That would get back to him and we would never have access to him or anyone else of
substance in the government again.
   J

                                            CONTENTS STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL
                                            Property of Steven M. Greer M.D.
                                            NOT to, be duplicated.

I know that you are not used to these kinds of things, but you are at the place where you must
start thinking like a statesman rather than the director of a nonprofit organization in North
Carolina. You must understand that great principalities and powers will oppose your plans =
if they know about them. I am not suggesting a major lifestyle shift,\but just common
prudence. Stop and think before telling someone about a sensitive aspect of the project if it is
important that the person know, and if they tell someone else, what might the effect be. This is
an extremely important project that we are pursuing. We must begin to act like it is as
important (and explosive) as it is.
Although you have a wonderful understanding of what this all means in the end, and how
important it is, with absolutely enormous respect for you let me suggest that you may not yet
have a very good grasp of the magnitude and hazards of the mid-term process that starts to get
us to the objective. I have often thought of the government and our society like a human body.
You can scuff it and abrade it and it doesn't respond seriously. But the moment you
If we can insert this thing         enough at a high enough level, a good deal of the risk will be
                              quickly


eliminated. But in any case, those who would like to scuttle the project and have the means to
monitor it will continue to


                                  information to other groups outside of government
                                        p


(arch-conservatives, fundamentalist religious groups, etc.) who will always be a problem. We
will win at this if we are smart about how we do it. We will not if we are not.

Remembez the most powerful people in the world will have a deep, compelling interest in
our activities and will use everything at their disposal to effect their objectives.

I am having a security plan drawn up by a friend and should have something for you soon. In
the meantime, if the portable phone in your kitchen does not have an encryption function on it
you should not use it to talk about CSETI affairs. Any kid with a scanner within a one mile
radius of your home can monitor those calls. We should not be broadcasting this stuff.
I do believe that we must get a bulletin board up and running soon.
This problem may not be as significant as it appears — but if so, we will have just added some
insurance that assures our success.
Regarding the dinner, if you thought it was a good ideal would like to invite down Laurence
Rockefeller and his wife to join us that evening. If he would be willing to do so it would
communicate important things to Jim that should attend this discussion. You should call him
from your hotel in Las Vegas (or a pay phone in Asheville) and talk to him directly (not
Diamond.) The dinner party will be Sue and Jim Woolsey, Emily and you, Diane and me, and
one other couple.
Sub]: Fwd: Woolsey Insight
Date: 9/26/99 2:28:28 PM Eastern Daylight Time
From: DrSGreer
To: webmaster@cseti.org, 106015.2402@compuserve.com
To: celestar@csi.corh, Kelmart@aol.com
To: ted.loder@unh.edu, whmiller@m4.sprynet.com
To: Linda.Willitts@AGNA.ZENECA.com
To: Ralinstein@aol.com

fyi; hold - close...do not further distribute...Lindemann is acting as an Intel. cut-out and his contacts are v4a the intel . front
NIDS/ Bigelow/ Petersen/Col. Alexander/Kit Green et al...sg

Forwarded Message:
Sub]:    Woolsey Insight
Date: 9/25/99 1:02:25 AM Eastern Daylight Time
From: JohnUckly@compuserve.com (John R. Lickly)
Sender. JohnUckly@compuseive.com (John R. Lickly)
To: drsgreer@cs.com (Steven M. Greer)

Steve,
FYI but NOT for public distribution.

Just learned through a trusted and "reliable source" that an unidentified
benefactor/financial supporter of CM News placed the Woolsey letter at the
top of the Lindemann in basket. Perhaps it's no surprise that Michael be
financially behold'n to dance to the content spin doctor of "outside
influences." No clue to the funding source. If cash transaction, not
traceable.

Midst unfounded accusations, may you maintain your integrity with a
passionate yet rational and diplomatic defense. Continued restraint and a
cool head will engender deeper trust in the millions who listen tonight. ,
Enmity and attack, however justified, can alienate and distance.

In the first 10 minutes after I met in the dining room at the White Eagle
in June 1996 you appealed for understanding and forgiveness for the actions
of the secret govt operative and black opps. May that compassion and
wisdom and greater vision fuel your soul into well chosen words tonight to
build bridges and allies, not desecrate and destroy.

You are in my prayers as I send this message. May your leadership rise to
new heights tonightlll

godspeed/John


Learned on the web that you'll be in Asheville Sat Oct 30. Are you still
open for Palm Springs Thurs and / or Friday?? Continue to work behind the
scenes with Hubbard.et alto create a credible forum for you VOICE.


                Headers
Return-Path: <JohnUckiy@compuserve.com>
Received: from rly-xa02.mx.cs.com (rly-xa02.mail.cs.com [172.31.34.47]) by air-wa01.mail.cs.com (60.28) with ESMTP;
Sat, 25 Sep 1999 01:02:25 -0400
Received: from spdmgaae.compuserve.com (ds img-5.compuserve.com [149.174.206.138]) by rly-xa02.mx.cs.com (v61.9)
with ESMTP; Sat, 25 Sep 199901:02:23.0400

                                              Sunday, Seplembar25, 1900   campusarve: DrSGreer   PegE 1
S..


  Subj:   [Fwd: Dr Greer]
  Date: 9/27/99 8:15:28 PM Eastern Daylight lime
  From: webmaster@cseti.org (Tony Craddock)
  To: DrSGreer@cs.com (Steven M.Greer M.D.)

  >Delivered-To: mbx1301@west.net
  >Date: Mon, 27 Sep 1999 18:08:49 -0500
  >From: CROYDON KEMP <jetdrive@earthlink.net>
  >X-Mailer. Mozilla 4.6 [en] (VVin98; U)
  >X-Accept-Language: en
  >To: "Craddock, Tony" <webmaster@cseti.org>
  >Subject: [Fwd: Dr Greer]
  >
  >Tony:
  >Please fo ward to Dr. Greer.
  >Thanks,
  >C Kemp
  >Received: tram cusbs02.cncweb.com ([207.155.240.52])
  > by cardinal.prod.itd.earthlink.net (8.9.3/8.9.3) with ESMTP Id JAA00358
  > for <jetdrive@earthlink.net>; Sun, 26 Sep 1999 09:16:46 -0700 ('Dl)
  >Received: from backofice1.arlingtoninstitute.org
  (ts028d08.per-md.concentric.net [206.173.60.116]) by cusbs02.cncweb.com
  with SMTP (Microsolt Exchange Internet Mail Service Version 5.5.2232.9)
  > id TLZ6V11J; Sun, 26 Sep 1999 08:48:20 -0700
  >Received: by BACKOFFICE1 with Internet Mail Service (5.5.1960.3)
  > id <TLH46BBF>; Sun, 26 Sep 1999 12:10:31 -0400
  >Message-ID: <310361C043D2D2118EA00008C74C3763064351@BACKOFFICE1>
  >From: John Petersen <JohnP@arlingtoninstitute.org>
  >To: "CROYDON KEMP"' <jetdrive@earthlink.net>
  >Subject: RE: Dr Greer
  >Date: Sun, 26 Sep 1999 12:10:29 -0400
  >MIMEVersion: 1.0
  >X-Mailer: Internet Mail Ser ce (5.5.1960.3)
  >ContentType: text/plain;
  > charset="iso-8859-1"
  >X-MoziIla-Status2: 00000000

  >I told Mr. Woolsey that I had a friend 1 would like for him to meet. He
  >suggested that I host a dinner party and invite him and his wife which I
  >did. It was a dinner party, not a "briefing". We sat over dinner and
  >alterwards talking.
  >
  >That is it. Nothing more.
  >
  >JLP
  >

  >John L. Petersen, President
  >The Arlington Institute
  >1501 Lee Highway, Suite 204
  >Arlington, VA 22209
  >703-812-7900 Fax 703512-0900
  >www.arlingtoninstitute.org johnp@arlingtoninstitute.org

  >Want to learn more about Y2K: Check out
  >http://www.angelfire.com/ca/rhomer/social.html
  >

                                              Monday,September 27.1998   Cumpusarvr.DrSGreer   Pepe 1
>


>   —Original Message—
>   From: CROYDON KEMP [SMTP:jetdrive@earthlink.net]
>   Sent: Thursday, September 23, 1999 5:53 PM
>   To: johnp@arlingtoninstitute.org
>   Subject:  Dr Greer
>


>   Dear John:
>


> Is the depiction of the meeting with Dr. Woolsey by Dr. Greer
>correct as
> you see it??
>


>   I would like to write Undemann and give her a piece of my mind.
>


> I have in the past asked her to open her eyes and interview Dr.
>Greer in
> the hope she will see the light.
>


>   Thanks
>   Croydon Kemp « File: Card for CROYDON KEMP >>
>


>


>


begin:vcard
n:Kemp;Croydon
tel;cel1:1-920-495-1999
tel;fax:1-920-868-1991
tel;home:1520-8545045
tel;work:1-920-868-1990
x-moziIla-html:FALSE
url:Jetdrive@earthlink.net
org:K & N PROPERl1ES INC.;NEW-HAVEN Homes Div
version:2.1
email;intemet:jetdrive@earthlink.net
title:V.P.
adr,quoted-printable:;;4139 Main St, Suite 1A=0D=0AP.O. Box 872;Fish Creek;Wisconson;54212-0872;USA
x-mozilla-cpt:;-1
tn:Croydon Kemp
end:vcard


                 Headers
Return-Path: <webmaster@cseti.org>
Received: from rly-xa0l.mail.cs.com (rly-xa01.mail.cs.com [172.31.33.24]) by air-wa0l.mail.cs.com (60.28) with ESMTP;
Mon, 27 Sep 1999 20:15:28 -0400
Received: from acme.sb.west.net (acme.sb.west.net [205.254.224.2])
      by rly-xa01.mail.cs.com (8.8.818.8.5/CS-4.0.0)
      with ESMTP Id UAA17762 for <DrSGreer@cs.com>;
      Mon, 27 Sep 1999 20:15:28 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from pavilion @m4-3.sbal.avtel.net [207.71.218.203])
    by acme.sb.west.net (Postfix) with SMTP id 5949224A13
    for <DrSGreer@cs.com>; Mon, 27 Sep 1999 17:15:26 -0700 (PDT)
XSender. mbx1301@west.net
X-Mailer: QUALCOMM Windows Eudora Pro Version 4.0.1
Date: Mon, 27 Sep 1999 16:59:41 -0700

                                          Monday. September27. 1999   CompuServe: DrSGreer   Page 2
