{"created_utc": "2026-08-14T10:19:17Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7022227, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116852-project-starlight-book-chapter-4-pgs-250-302-269-273-missing.pdf", "source_sha256": "54e34fcabf71afd1f894a748c589d1bd4e77c65a4d9ab550d8b4f3d52f68e810"}

~o u--tA C


V


               t
       a   -
                                                                          250

                             CHAPTER FOUR

     Covert Operations and the Risks to National and World Security


This next sectiot 'chapter deals with covert operations and the risks to

national and world security. We have already touched on some of this, but

not really, and not as thoroughly as w nee


The risks of deceptive events occurring, active disinformation and

interventions that could result in our being positioned globally to enter into

an inter-planetary war is real and, quite frankly, potentially -eminent- The

unfortunate part of this is that neither the majority of the world's leaderse-`

the public have been consulted, advised, or otherwise included in actions

which have led to the current situation. And the current situation, if our

consultants and various military and intelligence areas can be believed, and

we believe that they are credible and honest,' is that we have already gone

much further down the path of inter-planetary conflict than even the most

concerned people in the UFO field would imagine.


It has come to our attention, for example, that the star-wars technology is

actually and from the beginning has been conceived as a cover for other

space-based systems that can be used to fight these life forms and to

attack their spacecraft. In November, 1994, this past-November, a naval
                                                                            251
intelligence physicist shared with me the following account. He was witness

to the launching of a piece of the star-wars missile technologies, which had

a camera attached to it, when it was fired at a flying disk in near-Earth orbit,

but in space, and which subsequently struck the object and destroyed it.

His comments to me at that time were that we had no idea how far society

has been put at risk for conflict and to what extent this covert group dealing

with this subject is completely operating unilaterally and out of control. His

words were that they were an "arrogant bunch of cowboys" who are not

willing to be restrained and who view any incursion into our atmosphere by

extra-terrestrial space craft as a violation of our sovereignty and, therefore,

warranting an armed response.


He was extremely shaken by this and explained that these programs were

not only a    nd space based, but also were water based. And one of his

assignments was to be on a nuclear submarine searching for,

euphemistically, magnetic anomalies in an area not far from the Bahamas,

where there wa6elieved to beta number of underwater ET craft)located.

He did share that they had been able to document some of these objects

moving at over 400 miles per hour underwater and creating tremendous

magnetic disturbances on the submarine. He said on one occasion they

were stuck between two of these underwater craft and their gyroscope was

out of control, buMbaW'entire propulsion system of this nuclear submarine
                                                                             252
 was essentially suspended, as if it didn't exist. This is a person who had

 enough fear about the subject that he would refuse to be identified by name

 publicly, because he is convinced that he would be neutralized by the

 people involved in this project. But what he said and what was later

 confirmedly an Air Force intelligence office to us,is that technologies and

 systems have been put in place to-bP a            to launch an armed strike

 against these extra-terrestrial craft, but also to be able to simulate an extra-

 terrestrial attack on space-based satellites and/or other military and

 intelligence facilities, so that they would appear extremely convincing at the

 right time to national security and international security policy makers.


 In light of this we have engaged a graduate of the [to S.teue:_Or    "?-Thece

-aIeJnor_e-4han-one - ] war college and a military officer with a top-secret

 clearancewho has briefed various people at the level of the Joint Chiefs

 and elsewhere}o devise a war ame as a heads up to policy makers so that

 they would not be deceived by these             actions and, therefore, might

 avoid being manipulated into making policy decisions to engage the entire

 world international community in a inter-planetary conflict.


 And I will share this with you, if you'd like to hear it. It is three pages.

 This is the kind of thinking we feel needs to take place. Now, this is written

 in military parlance for warjaming purposes.
                                                                  253
"CSETI 2 APRIL, 1995

SUBJECT:      REDUCING THE LIKELIHOOD OF CATASTROPHE

       SHOULD MILITARY FORCES BE EMPLOYED IN AN ETI

       SCENARIO AS THE RESULT OF DECEPTIVE INDICATIONS

       AND WARNINGS

PURPOSE:             To provide the National Command Authority

(NCA), senior White House advisors, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, CICs

and senior military advisors, the Director of FEMA, senior

Congressional leaders and other senior civilian leadership4a planning

and gaming scenario to reduce the likelihood of precrpftou-ffilitary

action and associate catastrophic loss of life and property in

responding to a pseudo extra-terrestrial event precipitated by

operationally deceptive indications and warnings and/or forces.

BACKGROUND:         In 1990 a civilian research group, the Center

for the Study of Extra Terrestrial Intelligence, was formed to study

increasing world-wide frequency and intensity of UFOs and to study

the phenomenon of extra-terrestrial intelligence, privately funded and

supported by     an international membership.         From military

intelligence, civilian, business, and policy makers, CSETI amassed

best evidence for the ETI existence.      From 1991 through 1995

CSETI research division deployed numerous RMITs throughout the

world. These teams studied and photographed UFO and ETI events
                                                                   254
in various locations and were able to vector craft to their site within

a few hundred feet. In 1994, CSETI initiated Project Starlight, an

international public education and information campaign, to prepare

citizens of the world for the public disclosure of the existence of

extra-terrestrial life forms. Starlight was culminated in 1995 with an

international event at which various leaders disclosed the exis    ice

of extra-terrestrial intelligence to the world. This world media event,

broadcast on CNN and NPON TV and others, was supported by

irrefutable best evidence and certified civilian and military witnesses

and an international team of scientists, astronauts, intelligence

specialists, and government civilian leaders.

DISCUSSION:           There is evidence of on-going efforts by groups

with ties to the military industrial complex to discredit and prevent

any ETI disclosure which does not include a statement of presumed

extra-terrestrial hostility.   Events may culminate in deceptive

indications and warnings of ETI facility ,• precipitate deploying

military force against presumed hostile ETI craft, although no hard

evidence for hostility exists. Deceptive and inaccurate indications

and warnings, such as destruction of military intelligence satellites

from ground stations by pseudo-UFO forces, may precipitously

deploy military forces against presumed hostile, yet entirely peaceful,

ETI craft. Such precipitous deployment of armed forces will most
                                                                      255
  likely result in a needless loss of military forces, collateral damage,

  and catastrophic loss of public faith in the military and government.

  All measures to prevent such unwarranted and catastrophic events

  must be considered.

  SCENARIO: On-going public education initiative by privately funded

  UFO investigative groups and CSETI's international disclosure

  process announcing the existance of ETf trigger counter-initiatives by

  operationally deceptive, self-serving forces. These forces initiate

  deceptive indications and warnings against national Satellites-I

  systems indicating definitive attacks by hostile ETI forces. [Author

  note: This is an early warning system.] With the demise of threats

  from the Soviet Union in the cold war and the absence of any

  significant terrestrial threat, major weapons producers see a bleak

  profit horizon unless a new global threat arises.       Enter the ETI.

Seeing hope for a new global threat, the goal of a clandestine,

  international military industrial complex-related control group is first

  to precipitate employment of military force against the presumed

  hostile ETI threat and, second, to galvanize the public against any

  non-hostile ETI hypothesis. Finally, the group will then insure a

  massive resurgence in funding for space-based weapons systems to

  fight the new ETI threat, an effort which will bring in with it multi-

  billion dollar defense contracts, etc. Internationally, defense related
                                                                      256
stocks will rise, profits will rocket, stockholders will gain, arr -6efense

related jobs in the international economy may improve and the

international control groups profits will march upwards into the next

century.   An ETI response if presumed; the only unknown is its

degree. . .

MASTER SCENARIO EVENTS LISTS

[Author note: MSELS, which are used in war college scenarios.]

1. September 16, 1995.

Public disclosure of eminent ETI announcement and international

press release by civilian research group CSETI.

2. September 26, 1995.

US satellite ground station suffers catastrophic electronic failure.

Credible report of UFO presence coincident with the failure are

received by the by the National Military Command Center, the US

Space Command, US Atlantic Command, and US Army Forces

Command. No public statements are made.

3. September 27, 1995.

National Reconnaissance Office, National Security Agency, US

Atlantic Command all report simultaneous degradation and loss of

certain C4-I systems reliant on space-related sensors. Degradations

span the full range of space-related signs      MINT- MASINT sensors.

No public announcement is made.
                                                              257
4. September 28, 1995

Public announcements by Royters News Service and CNN report

that NASA has not been able to communicate with US and Soviet

astronauts aboard the MIR Spacestation for over 72 hours. Public's

concern on NASA cutbacks expressed on local talk shows.

5. October 1, 1995

NASA, SpaceCom, and Space Launch Support vessels, USNS

Observation Island confined the sudden appearance of eight

unidentified craft within 1200 meters of the MIR Spacestation. No

public statements are made.

6. October 2, 1995

The Washington Post quotes a senior government official 9

continuous White House coverup of ETI from 1945 to the Clinton

Administration.   Immediate strong, negative public reaction from

Larry King, Rush Limbaugh, and others. AP and UPI coverage.

7. October 2, 1995

The National Command Authority asked the White House science

advisor, the Joint Chiefs, NASA and FEMA with quickly assessing

the validity of a possible ETI threat. The White House prepares

contingency plans to mitigate public panic should an announcement

of ETA hostility become necessary. Additionally, the NCA prepares

to initiate courses of actions to
                                                                               258
              1) counter the threat, or

              2) counter the deception, if false                        J 'd


       Additionally, any public panic in either case must be reduced and

       order maintained.

       8. October 6, 1995

       CSETI culminates Project Starlight n an international press

       conference broadcast on CNN and NPON and other media outlets

       announcing the existance of ET!. Attending are NASA and Soviet

       astronauts, certain congressman, international intelligence and

       military officials, and senior civilian leaders. Public reaction is mixed

       panic and joy.      AT&T experiences overloads of domestic and

       international circuits.   Congressional leaders are besieged by

       constituents.   American Red Cross offices, hospital emergency

       rooms, psychiatric clinics experience increased case loads. The

       Vatican urges calm.

[to Steve:   stockmarket plunges?      Banks freeze?       Billy Graham, Pat

Robertson, etc. preach peace? or demons?            or begin massive prayer

vigils?]

       9. October 7, 1995

       The covert control group makes press release via UPI, AP, Raytets

       confirming ETI existance by national technical means, and further

       announcing that the ETI invaders have been determined hostile and
                                                                     259

a threat to national and world security. Specific examples of this

hostility linked to the ETI presence include the loss of both US and

Soviet Mars observation        satellites and    the recent loss of

communications with NASA MIR astronauts. Historical information

is revealed concerning loss of military pursuit aircraft as well as

recent events related to alien abbddu~ctions, and cattle mutilations. All

these point to an obvious hesiiftty hypothesis. The public is urged

to remain calm, in spite of the revelation of these unsettling facts.

Congress has urged to an increasingly panic-stricken public to direct

the NCA to take military action against the obvious ETI threat.

10. October 17, 1995

A confused international public, disillusioned with the perceived

international coverup of ETI presence, assumed led by the US

government     and   current   White    House,    and   threatened    by

announcements of ETI hostility pressures NATA, the United Nations,

and all space-launch capable governments world-wide to direct

military action against any unidentified space craft.

By October 27, 1995, all space-based systems from every country

as well as international stability are threatened, not by the ETI, but

by the opposing terrestrial forces. In the US, Congress directs the

reactivation of MIRACLE.         Nuclear powers reactivate missile

targeting. A new, more dangerous space race is on. And the winner
                                                                         260
       is. . .?

       RECOMMENDATIONS:           The Congress, the NCA, senior White

       House staff, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the CICs

       [Author note: Commanders in ChiefJ'and FEMA gain the above

       scenario in preparation for the possibility of deceptive I&W showing

       alleged ETI hostility which could lead to the erroneous deployment

       of military forces against a non-hostile ETI presence with probable

       catastrophic results."

Now, this is one scenario. We are going to have a number of scenarios.

By the way, MIRACLE is a powerful laser weapon, that has allegedly been

taken off line as a part of the agreement of the STARK treaty, but which is

actually still operational.


Q:     To whom would this be submitted or presented?

A:     Everyone listed there.

Q:     On tracing those providers, what responses you get from whom in
                    k
terms of the existatice of the clandestine control groups mentioned
                                                            t_      here?
                                           Gvt MLtT7
To whom will this be a surprise and to whom4       be a surprise? It

would be interesting to see.

A:     The question is to whom would such a wargame scenario be a

surprise. The answer is certainly not at this point to the White House or the

science advisor, and not the members of the Chiefs or intelligence
                                                                            261
community, including the former DCI Woolsey, with whom we have briefed.

I don't think any of those would be surprised. I think they would certainly

know that there is a problem here that has been way out of control and a

source of tremendous anxiety.

Q:     You are talkingnthe existing of clandestine forces in general that are

apt to be culled, which are you say acknowledged by this point in time.

A:    The one's we've had conversations with know that there's something
          7 iA?'L- L
going on and they don't have access to it, I'll put it that way. So, it doesn't

take a genius to realize that if there is something of this magnitude going

on and they can't penetrate it, that there is a powerful covert process that

is out of the normal chain of command. Now, the reason for presenting

such a wargame scenario is not to increase anxiety; but it is to do a 'heads

up' as it is said in military parlance to national and international leaders to

the genuine risk of deceptive, active disinformation events and staged

pseudo ETI events that could lead the world down the primrose path of

inter-planetary conflict. We say this in a future term, as if it isn't going on;   —,

when in reality to be more precise, it would simply be an escalation of

events which apparently are already occurring. And these events are, of

course, going on without either the approval of the United States President,
                                  ,-
Congress, or the public.      Andes; this begins to approach a bigger

question.   pd,The purpose of this discussion is to ask ourselves what are

the implications of a covert group with this type of power and resourc~to "
                                                                         262
a democracy and to our constitutional democracy, particularly; but to

democracy world-wide in general. It is quite clear at this point that the

traditional and legal leadership of this country and others are viewed as not

to be trusted and also not to be included in this project; and, as such, are

viewed as relatively superfluous. The danger in this should be obvious.

And that is that if the Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces, the

President of the United States, and the Chief Executive of the Executive

Branch of the government which is responsible for military and intelligence

functions ,Ls' either not included in information or worse J J.s'provided

disinformation, then the data is only as reliable for him to act on as the

people providing it to him. And this is another area of very deep concern,

which citizens everywhere should take note of. If you have a situation

where there is a weak civilian component, which there has been on this

subject for 40 to 50 years because it has been so widely discredited, but a

very powerful covert component, then the open democratic leaders of the

United States and other countries can only receive substantial information

from the very sources of control which have been providing most of the
                              W             ~'
deception and disinformation.    democracy his is extremely dangerous,

because the result is that the National Security Advisors, the National

Security Council, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the President, as well as the

UN Security Council, can only then receive briefings from the very sources

of covert control who have been providing so matecades of deceptive
                                                                           263
projects and decepti     ctivities. So, this then raises the question of a

syndrome related to, or the analogy woui          the fox guarding the hen

house. Because you have people who are in need of information and

assessmei, because most policy is based not just on intelligence
                                                     ~ i


gatherin ; it has to be analyzed. A                        as to be created for

them to be able to make any intelligent policy decisions.

Q:    This whole thing is going on in a totally irrational context that has

already been established in 50 years of denial.

A:    Right.

Q:    The situation is completely nuts.

A:    Yeah, the situation is completely irrational and is going on in a

vacuum of any information that is clear, but within the context of 40 or 50

years of both passive and active disinformation, which has been provided

to the public and therefore to our leaders, because our leaders are

members of the public and they have their views and their opinions shaped

just like anyone else through the things that they hear and see and read.


The consequences of this are that people who would need to make national

security policy decisions or activate military forces under somewhat urgent

or emergent scenario situation, would have('      th source of advice being

the very people who could be creating the deceptive scenario to begin
                                                                          264
For this reason, it is critically important that independent civilian effort be

underway to provide an alternate briefing conduit to National Security, UN

Security Council, the President, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and other relevant

national and international policy makers. Becadewithout that, there are
                                                                  A

no controls, and there are no alternate sources of opinion, data?r analysis

to provide the checks and the balances required in a democracy for

appropriate decisions to be made. In other words, the situation is so

weakened, that the potential for large-scale deception and a high degree of

manipulation is extremely high.         And   we   cannot afford that risk on

something as important as the emerging relationship between human

civilizations and other extra-terrestrial civilizations.


This is actually in our opinion a national security emergency. It has not

been declared, it has not been discussed, it has been either in a state of

denial or deception, but the ramifications are so vast and the implications

so profound for the future of Earth's population and for the types of actions

that could be taken on behalf of the people of the Earth, that we ignore

these things at our own great peril. For this reason, we are recommending

that the national security apparatus and international security policy making

groups avail themselves of independent sources of analysis and information

for this subject. Because, to not do this is to allow themselves to be

targeted and manipulated by a covert entity which has interests which may
                                                                         265
not be in the common good.


Q:     Steven, last fall there was a documentary drama presented, was

blocked out of the Denver area. Are you aware of that?

A:     Um-um. Sander VanOcre end of the world scenario with

Q:     Well, it even had a group called SETT.

A:     Well, that is SETT; that's Carl Sagan's group.

Q:     Oh, all right.

A:     Yeah, we are familiar with that. It has a very, had the stamp of PI-40

all over it. I don't know if it did or if actually was. .

Q:     Well, it did, it also went out of its way to make the point that we

mustn't do stupid, precipitous things with regard to unknown ET

phenomenon.

Q:     Well, it made clear that we shouldn't shoot them down.

Q:     Very unhappy ending in that regard.

Q:     Right.

Q:     Yeah. Hands off the ETs message.

A:     Ultimately this speaks to the larger need. And that is the need to do

two things: 1) open up dialogue in the world community on this subject in

a way that can be sane and rational and which can provide insights and

input into policy making processes, so that precipitous events do not occur,

and so that the national and international security community will not be
                                                                           266

completely deceived on this subject. That is one of the greatest tasks that
                                      1w
need to be addressed in the com+nc       —to— nonttt3.JAdditionaJ1y,

speaks to another question. And that is how reliable are the assessments

which this covert control group may possess? For example, we may have,

indeed, had nuclear silos that have been melted by ET craft, or have been

warned off the moon in terms of colonizing it. But the interpretation of

those events may be from the restricted and narrow view of people who are

trying to get a job done rather than looking at the whole question from an

inter-planetary relations point of view. For this reason, there is an urgent

need to form an organization on inter-planetary relation, A            begin to

think through what should be done in the field of communications with extra

terrestrial life forms and evotving a system of research and diplomacy that

could lead to a more open dialogue amongst Earth's people and these other

extra-terrestrial peoples.     is, of course, is the basis of, or the genesis of

the CSETI research approach, which is a grass-roots and very preliminary

prototype program experimenting with inter-planetary relations and inter-

planetary diplomacy from a team or group point of view. But it's important

to recognize that eventually, and better sooner than later, the entire subject

needs to be opened up to international dialogue and input so that it can be

handled = :: I eriat-t?      d with the appropriate resources.    Lacking that

#win-fa~Q / twofold process of open dialogue and direct attempts at —

establishing extra-terrestrial human relations, we are subject to the actions
                                                                          267

assessment of a covert group which is without any checks and balances

and which is ultimately acting on behalf of 5.5 billion people on this planet,

but without their consent.

Q:     Would you say that without checks and balances they are being

funded primarily by our government?

A:     The question is there are no checks and balances, but they are

being funded primarily by our government. The answer to that is yes and

no. They are being funded through black projects, which we mentioned

earlier involve both line-item black project expenditures, deliberate

overestimates of funding costs for non-black projects, the surplus of which

gets funneled into their activities, but also from civilian sources. There is

funding from the civilian sector.

Q:     Those civilian sources are primarily government funded, are they

not?

A:     Well, they are government funded but they have collateral sources

that are going into their own research and development back-engineering

projects. And apparently not all that money is coming out of black budgets;

some of that is coming         other sources.

Q:     But our government remains responsible; it's just that they are not

acting responsibly.

A:     The problem is responsibility can't exist if they don't know its going

on. In other words, that the funding scenario is so labyrinthine and so
                                                                       268
complex, that it is a mistake to assume that because funds are going there

that anyone in a granting authority, whether it's-Congress or the Executive

Branch, has any knowledge                         a1'        se   .'   The

whole point here is that they do not know it is being
                                                                               274

    TAPE 6, SIDE A:

    and they can't.
                                   r
    Q:     Well, that's an accounting problem.

    A:     Well, there are very sophisticated ways of hiding many billions; when

    you have a 1.6 trillion dollar budget, you can hide 40 or 50 billion.

    Q:     I am just asserting that if they wanted to find it they would.

    A:     No. Because I know. . .The question is if they wanted to find these

    funny sources, could they? the answer is no. Because one of the chief

    counsel to the Senate Appropriations Committee attempted to track down

    these sources of funds and see exactly where they were being used. And

    he was unable to penetrate, even with a top-secret clearance and subpoena

    powers.
~c One of the things that people have to remember and which was a shocking
    thing for me personally, iflcan share aerd1aLstory because it elucidates

    an important p          that things are not as simple as most people think

    when it comes to government activities and procurement programs and

    accountability. In this area we were essentially strategizing with a group of

    national security think-tank people and military folks about a year ago

    during a retreat in our home in North Carolina, and the question came up,

    well, if we can point out the facilities and the people in those facilities who

    are dealing with this subject sfhat they could be called into the Oval Office
                                                                         ~i
       their Commander in Chief reutd ask them what is going onand I want
                                                                    A
                                                                           275

to have the truth, would he not then be told and that would enable him to '

be pulled into the loop. And two people there independently.I

said, one of what,had been on the National Security Council staff under-

Reagan,and said that would never happen. And the quote was

       "We tike to the President all the time. If we don't want him to know

       something, we just tell him what we want them to hear."

And I said, well, you must be joking; this is the Commander in Chief, he's

the head of the Constitutional government. They just laughed and said,

come on, the President lied to everyday. Later, I had another person who

had been in that level of government who said the same thing. So, we

should not assume that congressional leaders, committees, national leaders

such as the president, or for that matter even senior military leaders will be

told the truth on this. I returned to the disturbing bit of information that

came in about a one-two punch in     a
                                         6   nth period where at one meeting

I learned that the Director of Central Intelligence could npt find out anything

about the subject. And then in a later meeting, a,,   tar general on the Joint

Chiefs of Staff who was digging trying to find out information was also being

blocked and had to get 'read into' it from a civilian contract worker with a

civilian corporation. So that we have to understand that there really is a

genuine breakdown in the chain of command and in the briefing process.


Now, the only thing worse than no briefing - and this is an important new
                                                                            276
segment of this Chapter - and that is the only worse than their being out of

the loop is them being put in the loop with massive doses of disinformation,

wrong advice and covert agenda. We have learned, for example, that the

individual who heads up the psychic warfare unit at Los Alamos against the

ETs has been providing information to the Vice President of the United

States which is wildly inaccurate and prejudicial. Additionally, we have

learned that a former naval intelligence officer has provided similar

information to the First Lady Hillary Clinton. I know that these people are,

And the problem arises where if you take people who cannot find accurate .---

information from open sources in an open society                          eft to

the vagaries of covert forces with agendas which may or may not be

constructive, then that will be their only source of information. And it can

be extremely prejudicial.


On the face of it, an individual who is conducting psychic warfare activities

should not be briefing someone at that level of our government on the

subject. But, because of a pre-existing relationship and because there is

a lack of any open forum for providing inside analysis on the subject, these

leaders are left to very dubious sources for their analysis and input.

Q:     So its validation is for the formation of vigilante and (unintelligible -

bickering?   pinkering?) groups across the country.        That's what we're

saying, because we're talking about a Constitutional crisis.
                                                                           277
Q:     They have plenty of other reasons, too, to do the militia thing.

A:     I really don't want to touch that.

Q:     But that's what we are talking about.
                              et
A:     We are talkirf~./. /. ofie of the risks of the efforts that have been

launched in this regard, particularly senior level Project Starlight efforts, is

that we could precipitate, in a worse-case scenario, a Constitutional crisis.

And we are acutely aware of that. Part of the problem is that as we have
                                                                    (/ ,4P -
advanced into various levels, we have been hitting trip wires. Se-t M a(

meeting with senior UN leadership would hit a trip wire, and certain

activities would occur; a meeting with the head of intelligence at DCI would

hit other trip wires; a briefing with the President's science advisor would hit

bti   trip wires. )Ang(u#n,atel providing briefings and information to the

inner circle for the Oval Office would hit someuftimat3irip wires. Similarly,

at the level of the Joint Chiefs and the Director of Intelligence for the Joint

Chiefs of Staff information that has been provided 'and also at Wright-

                               hit certain trip wires.    ~/ knew this would

happen. These trip wires are basically events that occur that lead to the

covert control group taking certain actions—        counter-measure actions.

Now, ultimately, a Constitutional crisis would occur if the President would

demand an open accounting of this and then is denied it, after he has been

given definitive information from an independent source, such as our

coalition, that these events are going on. If he then demands that these
                                                                            278
processes be stopped and they do not stop, or that they be disclosed and

they are not disclosed, then you do have a breakdown in the Constitutional

chain of command, and therefore, you do precipitate a Constitutional crisis.


Q:     Revealed a crisis that has already existed for some time; you are just

opening up the crisis.

A:     Yeah, basically, and that's an important point, is that it would be

exposing and publicizing the crisis. Now, that is an important step, though.

For a crisis to be going on but unacknowledged, is the old adage if the tree

falls in the forest and no one hears itdid it fall? Well, it did, but what effect
                                       1/
did it have and etG~nd so or~r      dAf's soi4- f a philosophical question. In

this area it's a practical concern. If the majority of human functions in our

society are going forward with the Constitutional checks and balances in

place and there's a special operation that's going on thats not, how
                              nn//frI.L
significant is that? And I th4n~cif's very significant, but it is something which

has a limited impact on the public mind-set, so long as it is not disclosed.

Now, at the point that it is disclosed, then it becomes a genuine crisis. And

for that reason even the way the Constitutional crisis has been structured

is something which puts the breaks on a disclosure in this area, because

civilian thinkers such as ourselves look at this and think; do we really want

to jump off of this precipice.

Q:     And will lancing the boil cure the disease?
                                                                              279

    A:     And will lancing the boil cure the disease? So, it gets into an entir

    question. Bud ultimately, it is our assessment, that this   is   The     truth

    about this needs to be disclosed; and it needs to be disclosed in a pro-

    active and well-1     thought-out way.     We are not suggesting that the

    mismanagement of this should be the main focus of any disclosure; in fact,

    it should not be a focus at all, but it will become one in a secondary way.

    It is somewhat analogous to the plutonium poisoning and the deliberate

    plutonium lacing of oatmeal of children and injecting of plutonium into

    people during the height of the cold war frenzy, which was conducted

    covertly. And in the wake of that being disclosed, there was a certain

    amount of shock and disbelief and concern, but it did not have a

    catastrophic effect. This issue, if it's handled properly and if the covert

    control group is at least partially cooperative, can be done without a

    Constitutional crisis. However, if there is

    Q:     Is it anyone, any party's advantage to have that crisis occur and have

    the issue break the surface in that (unintelligible).

    Q:     The control group.

    A:     Well, sure, I mean

    Q:     Because they've; I used to live in Greenwich Village, and if you didn't

    want your car stolen, you parked on the block with all the Mafia houses.

    Like, they don't want trouble. And I was wondering if that principle. (A: I

i   thina certain extent that principle is operating; the principle of the whole
                                                                          280
question or the threat of a possible Constitutional crisis is actually a way of

putting the breaks on the disclosure, is more specific. In other words, the,

it's a bit like Damocles sword. That        you have this hanging over the

Executive Branch where they, if they push the issue precipitate a

Constitutional crisis, who blinks? Does the covert control group blink? Or

does the Executive Branch blink?

Q:     To whom does the Executive Branch direct their (unintelligible:

decisions?) It's a kind of control group.

A:     And a larger problem. . . .

Q:     Is the president of a control group going to stand up and take

responsibility? How does one conceive of that being done?

A:    Another question which has just been asked, I am saying this into

the mike, is how does the President and the Executive Branch and the

people, therefore, confront or dialogue with the control group if they are a

hidden force? And the answer

Q:    Don't be silly

A:    They're, they're not. .

Q:    People will think, oh, there's no hidden force, of course.

A:    Well, the point is that they are not that hidden. And there are people

that can be subpoenaed. Now, if they all deny any knowledge, then it does

remain hidden; and because of the large, complex nature of budgetary

processes and others, it would be extremely difficult for them to actually
                                                                            281

identify the ultimate points of control or points of contact into this covert

operation. Because, since it has been taken out of senior military and

senior intelligence leadership, as well as senior political leadership, it is

much safer from the point of view of the control group. Becatl            here is —

not only plausible deniability, there is complete ignorance at   e   l      and

the control group therefore has tremendous latitude of movement in a sort

of invisible way.


It is a complex question. Ultimately, we would hope by the time anyone

would be reading this, that this would have occurred:    at    the President of

the United States has been asked to provide amnesty. And I would like to

share and read into the record a . . . This is a briefing which should be

understood has been delivered to the White House by one of the most

trusted and personal counselors and advisors to the President of the United

States. Again, there are no copies of these that we will share, and if you

state to anyone outside of this particular meeting that this exists, I will deny

it until this comes out.


[NOTE (Per Shari Adamiak's memo.): INCLUDE PREVIOUSLY

              WRITTEN       TREATISE      REGARDING           AMNESTY      FOR

              GOVERNMENT/MILITARY             WITNESSES        AND       RELASE

              FROM NATIONAL SECURITY OATHS REGARDING THIS
                                                                    282

       SUBJECT]


"PROJECT STARLIGHT STRATEGY: PRESIDENTIAL AMNESTY

FOR ET UFO WITNESSES BRIEFING FOR THE PRESIDENT.

Introduction:   Part of the evidence being collected for Project

Starlight involves a testimony of first-hand senior credible witnesses

to extra-terrestrial events, including ET craft retrieval and R&D

operations, certain historical military and intelligence operations, such

as military jet pursuits of ET craft and gun-camera footage, and in it

NASA related space events. A number of these witnesses have

been identified, all of whom have signed various National Security

Oaths related to their service. While some of these witnesses are

reluctantly willing to testify in violation of these oaths, most are not

and have requested that we pursue the granting of amnesty from

prosecution for the violation of these oaths. A number of these

individuals are heroes of our country.       They are senior military,

government and astronautical figures who are convinced that the

time has come for the truth about ETI and UFOs be told. But they

are also afraid of apprisals against them if they testify without a prior

release from their National Security Oaths. The minimum we owe

these courageous people is an Executive Order granting them
                                                                           283

      permission to testify publicly about their historical involvement with

      the subject. As outlined in previous Project Starlight documents, the

      testimony of these individuals will be combined comprehensively with

      other evidence, including ET craft metal samples, daylight and

      unambiguous photographs and video tapes, government documents,

      and military and civilian pilot cases of strong evidential integrity.

      These combined data will constitute the briefing document which will

      be used to brief world leaders, scientific panels, religious leaders,

      and eventually the public.       Rationale for an Executive Order:

      Normally, release from a National Security, especially top-secret and

      special access projects, re

We're oing to cut off the tape, because we can put a copy of this in

   with that National Security advisory has gone to the appropriate people.

Now, the question is what are the risks of doing nothing and what are the

risks of acting. mere       are risks on both sides of this. But, ultimately,

to quote the wonder enigma tape,

      "If you understand, or if you don't; if you believe or if you don't; there

      is a universal justice and the eyes of truth are always watching you."

This information, one way or the other,   will   come out over the next months

to years. The question is, will it be done in a way that is chaotic and which

could therefore lend itself to being seized by a covert group to manipulate

policy makers and the public mind to take actions which could be
                                                                           284
disastrous. Or will it be put out in a pro-active way. We feel that the

people should request that a well thought-out disclosure, pro-active

disclosure, should be undertaken and that certainly the minimum is that the

Executive Branch cooperate by issuing an Executive Order from the

President allowing these important witnesses to speak without any official

reprisals.


However, it is more complex than even this. And not to belabor the point,

but some of these witnesses who we know are bona fide and are credible

have expressed to us the fact that even with an Executive Order from the

President, that they would not feel safe. That they feel that this covert

group could sPt up unfortunate events that could cause them harm

physically)   to their careers or credibility and reputation. So, the risks are

present regardless of whether or not the President issues an Executive

Order. But the Executive Order at least legally and constitutionally would

allow them to speak, and then anything else that would occur would clearly

be illegal and outside the bounds of the Constitution.


One of the most pressing issues, then, facing the world community is to pull

its head out of the sand and to acknowledge that we are not alone in the

Universe and that these life forms are intelligeryt are flying in our

atmosphere, are landing on terra firma, and require a global, peaceful,
                                                                         285

communicative response. For us not to empower ourselves to do this is to

advocate the responsibility for this embryonic relationship between Earth

and these other planetary systems to a relatively small covert group, which

have agendas which may not be in the best interests of the people of this

planet. For that reason, it is critically important that people come together

and decisively state that we wish to return control of this subject to the

international community in an open fashion. Are there any questions about

this?

Q:      What you said     ould4 \anding on the White House lawn be a

desirable option or at some other location preferably, and perhaps an

international . . .

A:      The question asked is would an open landing be a desirable event

at this time? The answer is, optimally, and the reason CSETI which has as

its prime purpose the placement of teams in the field to try to establish

some degree of communication and contact with these life forrr~ the

reason that we have moved into this area is because, through a number of

direct and indirect communications it was made clear to us that an open,

undeniable event such as a live televised landing or what-have-you, would

be difficult for the world to absorb. And if it was done precipitously without

prior briefing of various leaders and various opinion makers, religious

leaders, it could induce a reaction that would play into the hands of the

covert control group in a scenario of panic and alarm and military response.
                                                                         286

And so, what we feel would be a better and more enlightened approach

would to retrospectively pull together the evidence for this, brief world

leaders,.._lner religious leaders,1 op
                                     oiin n makers, and have a public

disclosure of the subject prior to an event like this, so that people

psychologically and institutionally could be prepared for that. And therefore

the risk of panic or covert manipulation of the event and of the situation

would be minimized.     Otherwise such an event precipitously occurring

could, in fact, be something that could be used by the covert group to

launch a scenario as mentioned in the wargame shared with earlier.

Q:     I'm not sure I see why a friendly landing in India or a high plain or

Peru or someplace would be perceived (unintelligible)

A:     The event, he is asking why an event on a plain in Peru would be

perceived ominously.    The answer is, in the first place, it wouldn't be

perceived ominously unless it was portrayed ominously. And that is wholly

dependent on the media's sense of social responsibility, which at this point

in history is at an all-time low. Secondly, it would              make any

difference to the world community, because there have been multiple

landings and numerous clear photographs and video tapes and evidence

from the Mars Project and many other events which have simply been

back-page news for the tabloids. So, it's not at all clear that it would be

taken seriously or that there would be adequate coverage in the western

hemisphere or in North America.
                                                                          287

For example, in Mexico, notwithstanding national TV filming UFOs being

chased by fighter planes and may other events, none of this has reached

the mainstream and credible media or awareness in the United States. So,

it is felt that, in order to move this whole field~off
                                                   foof the area of fantasy and

discredited tabloid sensationalism, t#at an effort to pull together a serious

briefing and disclose this information at a high level is necessary, a) for it

to be taken seriously and b) for it to be done in a way that would not be

deleterious.

Q:     But if it were possible to bring an examiner a credible group of world

leaders who were not necessarily governmental, but, say, spiritual leaders

and then have such an event that would lend it credibility and that would be

a caveat to your prior statement and that would be it.

A:     The question is that if we pulled together a group of leaders and

have an event like this happen? Actually, in our relatively short-term plan,

CSETI is planning such a thing. And it won'tf        necessaril~r Dn the high

plains of Peru. But, we would like to be able to do that with at least a

constitutional government and military cooperating so that we would be

assured that there would not be counter measures taken that could be

harmful.

Q:     Counter measures are containment measures. I mean, if you look

what they - most people that I talk to believe that Doug and Dave did all the

crop circles. That was such a brilliant stroke of disinformation, they pulled
CsE ii a,nJk -t-


'C

        ID
                                                                           288
it off like masters.

A:     Yes.

0:     And these are things that you can go and see for yourself, they are

not transient phenomena. It is so easy to confine and contain and erase

from public consciousness, I know, such as a landing if it were not

orchestrated so carefully, perfectly, and with backup resources to get out
                                                   &.pd+~
any possibility of quarantine. But after landing on plane in Peru 50 miles

southeast of Lima all the time, who knows?

A:    The other important point here is that a well-choreographed or
                                                 -i
orchestrated ET encounter that would be televisedLwhich is something that

CSETI would be very happy to work toward achieving
                                                 ccould be preempted

or disastrously terminated by technologies which we know exist, if there's

not some degree of governmental cooperation and national command

structure and military structure being aware that such a thing was going to

happen, and we would not want to put at risk these extra-terrestrials and'

their craft and their people on board the craft because we had not thought

through the implications of such an event.rThis gets to the whole question

of the responsibility of those of us trying to weti?to create a bridge between

Earth civilization and these other life forms and how it can be done in a way

that is as safe as possible aad              eu.-- Ultimately, it is going to be

better if the world; at least is informed of,4he historical information

associated with this subject and is brought up to speed prior to that sort of
                                                                            289
 event occurring. Now, it may be that that won't be possible, and-tP~-event

 will occur anyway withtthe                                    , and it will come

 out through that mechanism. However, in that scenario we would still want

 to have in place these kinds of briefingsat"the capacity to provide alternate
              _Qj•
~briefing~o the National Command Authority, the Joint Chiefs, the National

 Security Council, the President, and the UN Security Council. Because

 otherwise an event could occu afId~4~-ems no matter how benign

 appearing, they could come forward and say yes, but look what they've

 been doing here, there and elsewhere, and still make the case to the world

 policy makers and national policy makers to view this in a very conflict-
                                                           __ J-~- A
 oriented manner. And this, at all costs, needs to be aie ted-

 Q:     I was wondering if the focus isn't perhaps too much on those

 governmental bureaucracies which have perceived as being credible at any

 rate and maybe shift a bit of the focus to Mother Theresa and the Dali

 Llama, and the Pope.

 A:     We have already done that. Yeah.

 Q:     And have them be at the (unintelligible) of some such scenario.

 A:     It's not an either/or question. The concept of Project Starlight is to

 provide information on this to world religious leaders, governmental leaders,

 leaders of science, industry, media, culture, opinion makers and shapers,

 and pundits, etc. S     the idea is to provide this information to all of the

 above and not just to political and military leadership. It's important that all
                                                                               290

of these various groups and interests not only here but all over the world

be brought into a loop of information which is incredibly important to our

future, and from which they have been shut out for 50 years.

Q:       Another risk of relying too much on a single event$u don't want to

have single-point failure on something like this.              The possibility of a

response also being to create a diversionary event, such as, so no one will

notice; and trying to precipitate a diversionary event in a hurry could really

be dangerous.

A:       Ultimately, our goal is to do this in as cooperative a fashion as            >

possible. And so, for this period of time, for abou4a year and a half)the

strategists and consultants on this project have worked very intensely trying

to provide briefings to key leaders and to try to put together a strategy, of

course, from a completely unfunded and grass-roots organization that would

account for a responsible way of educating the world and then starting the

dialogue in the world community on how to create a constructive dialogue

betwe      or relationship should say; between,: extra-terrestrial civilizations

and human civilizations.            ithat is something which urgently needs

to occur. Because if we do not do that, then this covert operation and cult

of secrecy which infects so much of this field will have   a    complete sway and

continued influence not only in either providing no information(to national

leader     or providing disinformatiory)     But in continuing to provide

disin rmati€a; active disinformation, false abduction events, false cattle
                                               f                                 291

mutilation events, and other things that are influencing in an insidious Way: 2

howevergradualty mass consciousness on this planet regardina the extra-
                                             ,v~         ,._Dl       o-

terrestrial presence. And this is the                                              be

terminated as soon as possible. It is also critically important that the people

oU    planet Earth begin to speak for themselves; and, not to put               ine a

point on it, it is absurd that a relatively small group of people could arrogate

to themselves both the power and authority to speak for and act on behalf

of 5.5 billion people and lead us down this path of potential inter-planetary
                                        _- ti
conflict without any open dialogue andwithot4informed consent, as we

would say in medicine.


$,.that s a very serious ethical question and important issue. Andthe only

way to get around that is to involve national and international leaders and

the public in disclosing the information and then regaining control of the

entire situation to the    xtent possible.         To that end, we have made

overtures to the covert control group that they be cooperative. And it

remains to be seen. There have been indications that                            been

cooperative to a point and obstructionist to a point.            ®        I think this

indicates is that there is~dissention in the covert control group that is quite
                        is
strong at this point._A,.gbt is a situation in evolution. And maybe by the
                          ,coJ
time this actually ge~aH' transcribed, this will all be rewritten. This is a

project that's unfolding daily, monthly and we don't know where the ultimate
                                                                          292

end will be. We have been asked what-tb.e--'1how far are we willing to

take this. And I have conveyed back•:;to its ultimate conclusi        o where

their is either a catastrophic termination or a success, or something in

between.

Q:     I'd like to ask, this document that you sent to the president? Have

you had any feedback direct or indirect on how it was received? I mean did

they express concern about it, did they take it seriously. .

A:     Oh, it's been taken very seriously. A previous document, which I did

not share, which was the initial briefing to the Clinton Administration

conveyed to the DCI, resulted in a number of positive developmen           ne

an oral commitment conveyed in March of '94, one year ago, to allow any

witnesses we find to speak on this without any reprisals from the Executive

Branch. Now, that was an oral conveyance, but directly from the horse's

mouth. The other positive development was the willingness to even enter

into a dialogue on the subject.     Now, t     is historic.    I don't want to

overstate anything, but I can assure you~in 50 years there has not been a

civilian effort that has successfully been able to do what has happened in

        year at this level with these sort of people and where they-4a9e-

                     and    pt a dialogu   oing from the President's science

advisor and the agency,land certain military leaderand members of the

White House staff.

Q:    But the fact that they haven't asked you to leave saying, don't be
                                                                           293

silly, UFOs don't exist.

A:     Yes.

Q:     I mean, you've really crossed a threshold there.

A:     Well, God works in mysterious ways. And one of the interesting

delights - and I don't know if this will .be—pefged from this tape-

Leave it-ems
               is that the Director of Central Intelligence and his wife, who is

the chief operating officer of the National Academy of Sciences, together

had a sighting of a UFO in New Hampshire in the 60's.               So, this is

something where you say, oh, my goodness, the right people are in the

right places at the right t,Ame. Unfortunately, they are also out of the loop,

and therefore, re4ati etqirrelevant. Except ft 'they are in the position, a

constitutional leadership position. There have also been positive responses

that members of our team have h                self a. • others from certain

members of congress and, as mentioned earlier, the international

community, particularly the wife of the Secretary General of the United

Nations.

Q:     Well, did any of them ask you whether you have gotten explicit

response to this

Q:      Well, you know, indirect or direct, if you haven't gotten a document

back. . .

A:     This latest document is still being processed. And, let me say, that

prior to it being sent, an extended conversation occurred between a key and
                                                                       294

central member of the Project Starlight strategy team and a very ~close

advisor to the President, who, they are personal friends. And s~;J     was

taken seriously, I assure you. And that's why we ended up sending th ' '
                                             /                  A
along with about 200 pages of evidenc~ai 'government documents,and

other analyses, which are stunning in their persuasiveness if you read them

carefully at all. So that information has been conveyed. mod,-l-dort ~w .

I mean. It's interesting. In November of 1994 a mouthpiece of one of the

intelligence groups called me on the phone and said,
                                      ,,~J1'
        "You have no idea what effect v' at y u guys have been doing has

      had within the covert group and within the government on this

      subject. And that in many quarters a 180° turn has happene         tie
            a,

      .saitt "But we need to talk, because the White House feels like you

      are bullying them."

And I said,`ell, I don't know why. I mean,

Q:     I was going to ask you that. Because he's not the most favorite

president that we've had. A lot of people don't even find him that credible.

I mean, seriously, this is what you hear from people.

A:    It doesn't matter.

Q:    Is he the best one to come out with this information?

A:     No. W      i fact, what has been discussed quite openly is that it is

not our assessment that the President should make the disclosure. The

discloufe~ should be made by an international team of first-hand witnesses
                                                                          295

and scientists and civilians who know what they are talking about and who

can present the information in a way that will not have a deleterious effect

on the world, or a leas                        ass effect on the world. And it

is our assessment that the leader of only one nation really should not be

the one. What we are asking the Executive Branch to do, and what I think

the people of the world have a right, particularly the people of America who

pay taxes and vote and what-have-you, have a right to ask is that a simple

document called an executive order be crafted and that the President sign
 ~ +1

it) allowing these witnes ~ to speak and allowing any documents and

evidence they possess to be shared publicly. That is not too much to ask.

It is, nevertheless, a very bold stroke. And it is a very weighty decision to

do such a thing; because there are ramifications for doing this, as we all

know. Can-                           st-a-secen     -


        kind of response have you had from the European community, like

Germany or Belgium?

A:        Let r e-address, I was. The only thing worse than taking the risk of

disclosure is to allow the status quo to continue indefinitely into the future

until such time as an undeniable extra-terrestrial event occurs or a staged

pseudo-UFO event occurs. Which could then cause the entire planet to be

seized and grippe with fear and trepidation, and therefore would be ripe

for being manipulated in a certain direction leading us to inter-planetary
                                                                         296

conflict. This is a very real risk. You know, a year and a half ago, if 1

percent of what I have said was said to me, I would have said it was

balone     B   I have had too many conversations with people who are in a

position to know andhave had too many conversations with people, who

should have known, "who know nothing, to know that this thing is wildly
                   '1
beyond the pale in terms of how it has been managed. And so, these are
                             n(~~~2t~
important considerations. Ai Xhe best outcome would be to have a

cooperative disclosure, not necessaril~rhade by the government, but by a

group of civilian scientists and witnesses which would then later be

confirmed. And what was conveyed to me by a CIA operative was that if

we succeed in this, the President will simply confirm it, will not be involved

in a disclosure, but after the fact in a press conference will confirm. And

so, and I think     that's the safest approach to this ;And the international.


Q:     You still need the amnesty in order to make this happen, don't you?

A:       We don't absolutely have to have it. But it would be a lot easier.

OK, plan B is that without an executive order to identify, and we haven't

even begun to implement a strategy; quite-frankly that 1've--never- tbld

anyo e.about but Lthink-m4fe       and Sharhand one or two otherpeople;

to locate and mobilize witnesses in a forum that would be tantamount to a

disclosure.         at       be a much more unilateral move that I thinkbe

a less desirable scenario. It is our desire that this be as cooperative and
                                                                                     297

consensual, etc., as possible given the vagaries, of course, of this unknown

2,000 pound gorilla on the block know as PI-40 or whatever you wish to call

it.   y
          am   ,
                   we have certainly decided that it is in the best interest of the entire

situation to move this forward in a cooperative way with the legal and

constitutional government, and also with the covert control group. It is our

intent prior to a disclosure to have a personal conversation with some of the

entry points into that group. And we will do that.

Q:                 What you said about the technological capabilities of the ETs,

wouldn't it be possible for them to just sort of. . .

A:                 The question that was asked: Given the technological capabilities

of these extra terrestrial life forms, could they not simply preempt or freeze-

frame the covert control group and allow this to occur. The answer is yes.

But I think their policy, which has been shown over and over again, is not

to engage in bold interventio                   -thiilriat they view this as a process

which our species needs to evoly                      ugh. And by evolving through it,

learn certain lessons, no matter how painful those lessons may be. Now,

it is our assessment that in a worse-case scenario, that there would be

intervention, there would be direct involvement, but that would b

worse-case scenario, something much more severe than a mere

Constitutional crisis. Ane7 /I think that the extra terrestrial life forms really

view the people of this planet as trying to come to grips with our evolving

role as a planetary civilizatioand that it is best not to interfere with that too
                                                                         298
                ~!
much. Because hen important lessons, which
                                     ,_    any family of beings, any

civilization must learn, would have been                  It is like taking an

evolving child and protecting it Akeeping it from certain lessons which it

must lear ;you touch that and it's hot, you get burned, end            so on. -~

      o, there is a need +6, from my understanding,     monitor the situation

and in certain enigmatic ways'assist it along. But not to intervene grossly --

and too openly. And, I think, tb ~that is the healthiest way for it to go ._---

forward.


On the other hand, there are certain events which have been occurring

which would indicate that they are in an assistance mode on this and will

continue to be in that situation. This is why I doubt very seriously-tlt --"

Prince Hans Adams assessment that the ETs will not allow any such

disclosure to occur.                                         . 'A    is quite

clear, and I have conveyed this to him and to others, that both seen and

unseen events that bavticappened have convinced us that they are very —

much in favor of this occurring, so long as it's done in an appropriate

fashion. In other words, in a way that does not whip up world-wide fear and
     TL
xe         bia'leading to an aggressive military stance of our planet against —

theirs. ( thinM-a`^     hat scenario)it would be better that the denial and ---'

secrecy continue. And so, it's not a matter if it should be done, but how is

it to be done And what consciousness is motivating it.
                                                                              299

    Someone asked me once if this is something which could simply be

    disclosed and what would be the effects of it if the military got up and just

    simply stated it. And I said,eI, it could range from an interestinc event,

.        ngul        n human history, to an unmitigated catastrophe. Because,

    here is the scenario: You~up with a number of military people and in

    front of the entire world on live television announce the following. 'There are

    extra4errestrial life forms invading our atmosphere over which we have no

    control. To the best of our ability, they are not friendly to our planet and we

    need to mobilize a world-wide space-based defense system to protect us

    from any further incursions from these presumably hostile life forms.' Now,

    there is one announcement. Is that a nice, I, this is not something we

    would like to see happen.


d ew contrast that with another one. 'Over the last 40 to 50 years,

    evidence has mounted that this planet is being visited by at least one and

    probably several extra terrestrial life forms. While their ultimate intentions

    are not clearly delineated, they have taken no unilateral aggressive acts

    against us and are until proven otherwise to be considered non-hostile. We

    do feel that as the scientific and international community should come

    together to explore ways to monitor these life forms and to develop the

    means for evolving a reliable and open communication with them.' OK, now

    tt    'S another scenario.
                                                                              300

And then there are others that can be envisioned that are even worse than

the initial one.


So, the question is not so mucb2 tf e question of how it is disclosed cannot

be divorced from the whole question of disclosure. Because, no matter

what anyone says, it will be disclosed within some certain framework; and

it can be a relatively scientific and neutral one that keeps the door open for

hope and dialogue, or it can be one that in its intrinsic message, whether

stated obviously or implied, would lead people to anxiety and concern and,

to a certain degree, panic. And I think that th            is the responsibility of

anyone looking at how to do this. Because if its going to be pro-actively

3    din a thought-out way/lit needs to be don     )   w    —a—wa    that's as life

supporting as possibiend,atr uthful and scientifically objective as possible

and with a minimum of spin.


On the other hand, we would be equally averse to having it disclosed in the

following fashion. 'There are extra terrestrial life forms visiting here whom

we consider angels and avatars and flying saucers. We should all bow

down before the shrine of ET and recognize that god has returned.'

Q:     That's even worse.

A:     That's even worse. OK. So there are multiple ways in which this

thing could be played out.
                                                                           301

Q:     So in (unintelligible) they are all going to vote Republican.

A:     Because it could be disclosed in overly religious terms, it could be

disclosed in overly militaristic terms; there has to be a certain wisdom. And,

again, the point here,vdhich has been some point of friction within some

people working on this projects that information is not knowledge, and

knowledge is not wisdom. And there has to be some kind of wisdom

guiding how this information is p                 e public so that it does not

spin sideways and out of control and result in a cajastrophic outcome. And

it is our hope that this can be undertakenhat the world community will

seize the reigns of control of this situationnd that the covert operatives will

relinquish them.


In the event that they do not, a parallel track involving an open process in

the international community should, nevertheless, go forward. $ egshould

not await for the current status quo to change. Because we have the

technology within the national command structure and the satellite systems

to identify these spacecraft.         We have techniques; which we are

experimenting

Chapters, dealing with how to establish communication with these life forms

eve   n a preliminary way.              world community can come together

with infinitely more resources than our small grass roots and preliminary

experiment have had access     tnnd


                                       can, therefore, create its own bridge to
                                                                           302

these other life forms .And4l          s critically important that this happen,

and that it not be a sort &'global institutional co-dependency waiting for this

covert control group to hand over this situation. In a best-case scenario,

they would do so; but in the event that tha? doesn't happen, the world

community should, nevertheless, come together and make its own plans

and put its own systems in place.

Q:     There has been a real push towards fundamentalism in the last 50

years. Do you know whether it is New Age, or fundamentalist Christian, or

Iraq or whatever, how do you see that group of people wk is in control of

a different kind of0 -- • - 'ow are you reacting to them?             Are you

interacting with them?

A:     Yes. There's an entire chapter that will be dealing with implications

of the extra-terrestrial question and the disclosure of it. And in that in one

section it deals with religious question; and we will get to that later.


I think we want to take a break. It's been an hour and a half or so, and

then we will return to discuss the foundations for inter-planetary unity.

(END TAPE 6, SIDE A)
