{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T03:03:11Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 252394, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116846-dr-steven-greer-world-leaders-address-for-disclosure.pdf", "source_sha256": "a09b8bff53339578f9b864ac12a1835236e237c35ab3a472979e46a96254fa1a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 403, "chars": 2517, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Steve Greer <
Saturdav, May 12, 2018 1:23 PM
Worid leaders address for Disclosure
My fellow Americans/ My fellow Russians. And all the citizens of earth:
It has come to our attention that Extraterrestrial civilizations of great technological advancement have been visiting the
earth for some time.
While their presence likely dates from very ancient times, the modern era since WW Il has seen a large increase in
sightings and interactions with these advance life forms and their spacecraft.
It must be emphasized that they appear to pose no threat to humanity or earth, but instead are quite concerned about
out own unchecked war -making capabilities and violence, combined with our early attempts at the exploration of
space.
Since the dawn of the nuclear era, these extraterrestrial civilizations have made concerted efforts to do reconnaissance
at all known space and nuclear facilities. In some cases these facilities have been penetrated by ET craft and our nuclear
missiles rendered inoperable. Such incursions appear designed to warn us not to use these world-destroying nuclear
weapons and are not acts of hostility.
They also appear concerned with the rapid decay of our biosphere and environment and the extinction of many species
on earth.
Since World War Il there have Been extremely secretive programs studying the energy, communication and propulsion
systems of these ET spacecraft.
It is time for us to disclose these momentous scientific findings to you.
These technologies have the potential- if used only for peaceful purposes- to give us a new and sustainable civilization
on earth, free of poverty and pollution within a generation.
However, if used for destructive and violent purposes these same technologies could end our civilization.
For this and other reasons the strictest secrecy has surrounded the study of these extraterrestrial technologies.
But the time has arrived for the truth to be known: we are not alone in the universe. And it is time for humanity to
become a mature, peaceful civilization and take its place in the cosmos with other advanced peoples from other star
systems.
To this end, 1 call on the world community, other world leaders and all the people of earth to come together and begin
this new era on earth.
We must make open, peaceful contact and initiate diplomatic ties to these other worlds We must do this as children of
earth and not just one nation. All nations and people of earth must be represented and empowered in this process.
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1490, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
We must commit to keeping all weapons out of space and going only into space for peaceful purposes that benefit all of
humanity.
We must bring forth these advanced energy and propulsion technologies so that the world's environment and people
benefit. We must all agree to never allow these new technologies to be use as weapons of war.
And we must commit amongst ourselves that if any nation or group attempts to use these technologies for violent or
destructive purposes, every nation and people on earth will rise up to immediately stop it.
We face a choice: If we do nothing, our environment and civilization will degrade and we may face extinction. If we use
this new knowledge and science for war and destruction we will also surely perish.
But if we establish a world of peace, humanity can now advance as a civilization that is sustainable, just and worthy of
exploring the universe.
This is the singular and great challenge of our generation: to establish world peace, and to create a new sustainable
civilization. Once we have achieved this foundation of peace and justice, we have learned that these other worlds will
welcome us in the cosmos with open arms and hearts.
So, my fellow citizens of earth, let us work together to achieve the destiny of humanity: An enlightened, peaceful world
that joins her place among the other people of the cosmos.
For this is the only possible good future for humanity. It is time for us to unite as a people and create that good future -
NOW.
