{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T12:14:42Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 464398, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116831-project-magnet-wilbert-smith-senior-radio-engineer-dept-of-transportation-canada-11-21-1950-top-secret-document.pdf", "source_sha256": "9473265704deafdc31ab26b628abfbacb49df17884208e4766fe020075b3ccea"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 311, "chars": 2198, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
04.-
-
303
P.O. #15401
ASHEVILLE, NG 28813
Project Magnet-Top Secret
CANADA
epartment of Iransportatio
"'
...
Project Magnet.
Discussion with Doctor SOLANI, Chairman of the Canadian Defense Research
Board
Board and his secured full military support on the project is significant.
LOP SECRET
CÜN FIDENTIA
DEPARTMENT. OF TRANSPORT
INTRA-DEPARTMENTAL CORRESPONDENCE
2-3₺
1950•
D4TE
SUNTECT
QUAFILE
Goo-Magnetics
(2.52)
METIE
LEMORANTES TO THE CONTROLTER OF MOLECOUNDNICATIONS:
• fi
For ths past several yosas wo hate baen engaged in the study
= musious gspecta af radio taTo propagetion. Ins regariza o= this
insiorel01 Lase Iu 13 into tha fleila di arrora, assmic sadistion,
atrespassio Iadio-notivity aud geo-rametisa. In the seas of ges-naguoties
•i investigatics beya coltributed littlo to our tromledge of edio izve
propegation es jet, but aovortheless lavo fidicates saraial IVeRIOS CÍ
investigation mich ray vell be coolored with protit. For CIraple, ta aro
0s the tIC! 0f a means riboreby the potential energy OI tho earth's magnotia
IiEld may be abstracted and used.
On the besis of tbeoretical donsidsiations a small and very
cruds GIperimental wit Tas constructed approtinately a year ago ard tested
In our Standards Labozatory.
Ihe tests were 03s0nt1a1l) successIll 11 tiat
"Uf#1CLENÙ BRETEY 12s aistrsoted Iron the esith's fielâ to oposeta a volt-
Istc, approriustely 50 rillivatts, Although this wit 43s Ia= Ira1 being
solI-sustairinz. It ievertholess demonstrated the ananinaas al thy basic
Fristicine il i gualitutive mannEr azù prOTiuca uselul data IoI the desiga
Ize design has nov been completed for a unit wrich stould be
5:li-sustsiding and in addition DIoride a snell surplus oi power. Such a
1ait, iI addition to luctionlig as a "pilot poner planti should be lasgo
enough to parmit the stuáy of the various resction forcas "bica zie oapestod
¿0 d07E1D.
No beliere that we are on the track of something wich nay mell
prote to be the introduction to a nor technology. To existerco of a difisrent
tremblor is borno out by the investigatiohs which are being carried on at
the prosent tine in relation to Ilyirs saucors'
#ails 11 Mashington attozilig the NAPA COrIGIEzCe, tiro books

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 423, "chars": 2755, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tho otter "Fre FlyIng Saucers are Resl" by Dorald Fierhoo.
Bott. books dealt
rostly vite the sightings of wildertilied objects ard both books clala that
Ilying objects nere OI extra-terrestrlal origi, and might nell be space ships
Irca erother planst. Scully clsined that the prollilisty studiss of
One SauCEr Which fOll Into the Mends of thio Uritai Statos Govolanent
indicateà that they operatal co sere hitherto unagiE muggetic
prinCiples.
It apposIel to me that our oin hürt in gen-magaeties
might mell be the diakage between our toshaologs and the itcholony
by maich the saucers cro designeù en onsiciod. Il li ls asslod tlict
000 60010 İntonİnİn 09 1ä
OI Opitation of tho csucers becomes quits straightIorI, "tu eIl
I nado ilscroat erquiries through the Carediar Intassy
Staff 1a lashington rio Mara able to obinla [oI a the I0110*ig
Ișroristion:
a. Ihe matter is the most bighly classliica subject lI thE Jnitol
Statas Goveranent, Iating bigher eren than the I-bonb.
Do Ilying saucera existo
co Their nodus operaaal is unbronz but concentrateă effort 19 b6ing
made by a suall group deaded by Docto: Tannerar Bush.
do Tha entire natter 1s considered ly tho United States authorities
to ba of tragéndous significzice.
I vas further infomed that ths United States authorities ErO Irresiicatios
along quita a mumber di lises inica misit pousidiy iu reiatri ió iss esuctis
sucù as mental picnonesa end I gather tlat they are not doing too wall sinse
t20J İndicatal thet 1I farady 1s doing snything at sll I gao-ilagnetica thes
morild melcome a discussin mila suitably secredited tangalans.
While I au not yet iI a position to say that me liste 301rea.
ever the IlIst probless 12 g8s-nagnetic enerty release, I feel thst the
CarTolation batican our taste theory sna the arailable inforaation on'
saucers checks too closely to to more coincidence. It is my borasi 09inioz
thet to sio on the right tract and are fairly close to at least sone oi tho
BISHeIS.
It. Tiright, Defcice Rosesich Soard liaison offlecr at tho
Canadian Imbassy is Mashiagica, vas exticitly enzious InI me to goû il touch
rith Doctor Solandt, Crairuen of the Doîcace ResezIch Board, to discias with
his future investigations alorg the line oí gro-aguetle onerts Ielease.
I do not feel that we huva as yet suíficient dsta to plsas before Detonce
Research Board wiich mold erablo = program to os initietad mithin that
crganization, but I do leel that firther reseaIch 15 Decessary BId I Would
•OI coursa, full co-operation and erchange oí Inforstion sita other
intorested bodies.
I discused this ratter fully with Doctor Solarit, Creiraaz OF.
Dstones Regearch Board, 0a Norenber 20t) ad Ninced t0*0=s 1I5 29 nich
intermerlos 1s I late bien ebla to gather to date. Dontos Soleadi agread

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 437, "chars": 2904, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=0
ZIO OlItIE ilLI CO-OPUIZILOD OI AI DOSIC IN PIOTIULIS I'VOILITY ISCIl|ti@°,
acquisitio] Of necessary Items Of C]uiFeIt, a| Special|zed personzAl IOI
• Incidental vork in the projas. I iudiosted to Doctor Solarst that ve wouza
7'D
prefer to keep the project within the Departzoat OI Brarsport for tha time
being until we bare obtained sufficiont inforration to pemit a coaplota
assessment of the value oi the nori.
It 1s therofore recoznended that & PROJECT De sot up riïhis
the irata wort if this Soction to study this problen and that the wort ba
carrícù in a fart time basis unt11 such tine aă SUIIICiEIt tangible Iczults
car to seen to varrent more definitize action. Cost of tbo VICErs is Its
Initial stages are expectod to be less than 8 len hundred dollars and car
be carriel by our Radio standards lab aprICpriation.
Attachod hereto 1s a draft of taras 0f Isiererco Ios such a
project wilch, if authorized, will eratle us to procaod sith this research
TICIE FitLin Our oNa Organization.
;
N BSmiLA
Concups.
Bedo
22/"/50.04
gotteno
Thim to time
(IT.B. Smith)
Senior Radio Inginear
wait it of Pup me posts foun
KIS/CO
T2. L.P. Edwards
2112150
PROJECI MAGNET, started in December 1950 was headed by Wilbert B. SMITH of
the Iciucommunication of the Canadian Department of Iransport, authorized to the
Deputy Minister of Transport for AII
арок нат
Services.
te воры
In April, 1952 an other UFO Com-
ох сете cescrrnan
mittee was formed as PROJECT SECOND
STOREX within the Defense Research
NATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL OF CANADA
LUNDEIL MATIONAL DE RECHERCHES DU CANADA
OTTAMA»
Board by DI. Peter M. MILIMAN of the
Dominion Astrophysical Observatory.
His Project became Inactive after1953.
NOTE ON PROJECT MARIT REPORT
In the meantime In 1968, Dr.P.
Millman, as head of Upper Atmosphere
I dare ones Laforand by cia DrparturaI ai TraRIgOrI traI
elstenea Projoct Hagent ves afticially archortled dy tha
Dagarzanas, nask no elle, trajoci me cartled our aloes
pathsaiy by ds, I, i, Salth end vas la cho esture al a
apeso-sion activity. Ine coaclunions conchad is thro
rapart are matirely thore of Mr, Saltl, nod do not repre-
seas on affltiat opiator of asthas ida DeMArtMARI al
• Iraeopart ai of ibe sacond storey Coralitor.
Research Council, to restore his
scientific fiasco before the U.S.
Condon Committee's Scientific Study
of UFOs (p.553-4) had degraded to
"unofficial home work" the deceased
W. B. Smith's Project Magnet.
Di. Millman In his Information to
Condon Committee member Prof. Roy Craig
carefully silenced the truth that the
Canadian Defense Staff established co-
operation with the U.S. Joiat Chiefs
49 9, 1961
ILENa, ORIATI
Peter M. Millaan
Kart af Upper Acocophere Lencaren
Kartonal losearch Couscsl
Torearly Chalraas al projaci
iacoad statay Committos)
of Staff in continental defense against
the UFO Forces (Janap 146D-E), made
redundant his scientific study of the
UFOs. (GM.pp 38-45).
