{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T10:50:52Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 44, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2683258, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116808-department-of-defense-minutes-of-press-conference-held-by-major-general-john-sanford-july-29-1952.pdf", "source_sha256": "60afc9a07dcffff6faca6f125d45499da59991ea3ff045e0f0505b99a1341ae6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1616, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"5*
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
MINUTES OF PRESS CONFERENCE HELD BY
MAJOR GENERAL JOHN A. SAMFORD
DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE, U: S. AIR FORCE
B A!
29 July 1252"- 4:00 p. M. - Room 3E-069, The Pentrigon
Portlelpațing: Major General Roger M. Ramey
Director of Operations, USAT
Colonel Donald L. Bower, Technionl Anolysis
Division, Air Technical Intelligence Center
Captain Roy I. James, Electronics Branch,
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Captnin Edward J. Ruppelt, Aerini Phenomezon
Branch, Alr Technionl Intelligence Center
Mr. Burgoyne I. Grifting, Electronica Branch,
Air Technical Intelligence Conter
MR. SCHOOLEY: Ladles and gentlemen, let me remind
'the military that, while they are welcome here, this 1s a
press conference and let's be sure that the press 1; all
seated before the conference begins.
Let me introduae General Samford, Alr Force Director
of Intelligence, and General Ramey, Dircotor of Operationn.
General Samford.
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I think the pinn is to have
very brief opening remarks and then ask for such questions as
you may want to put, to us for discussion and unswer. In so
far as opening remarts is conoerned, I just want to state our
reason for concern about this..
The Air Force feels a very definite obligation to
identify and analyze things that happen in the air that may
have in them mennce to the United states and, because of that
feeling of obligation and our pursuit of that Interest, sinco
1947, we have an activity that was known one time no Project
Saucer and now, as part of another more stable and integrated.
organtzation, have undertaken to analyze between 4 thousand

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 411, "chars": 2398, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2
and two thousand reports dealing with this area. And out of
that mass of reports that we've received we've been able to
toke things which were originally unidentifled and dispose of
them to our satisfaction in terms of bulk where we came to the
conclusion that these things were either Irlendly aircratt
erroneously recogalzed.
those,
or another, Iight aberrations, and many other things.
However, there have remained a percentage of this
total, in the order of twenty per cent of the reports, that
have come from credible observers of relatively incredible
things. And because of these tairigs not being possible for
us to move along and associate with the kind of things that
we've found can be associated with the bulk of these reports,
we keep on being concerned nbout thom.
However, I'd like to say that the difficulty with
disposing of thesé reports 1s largely besed upon the luck of
any standard measurement or any ability to measure these things
which have been reported briefly by some, more elborately by
others, but with no mensuring devices that cun convert the
thing or the iden or the phenomenon into something that becomes
manageable as material for any kind of analyain that we know.
We take some of these things end we try to get the beut pro-
tessional advice, 1l wa cun, from them, about them, and we're
in much the same
position, of trying to bring to the good nonest
workmen of science a plece
of material that bos no utility
because It doesn't have the kind of measurements on it that ho
can use.
And, as a consequence, he has to reject these things
вау,
"Until you can bring me something more substantin.
than' that, I can't makę any progress."
So our need, really, 1s to get the mensurement value
' on these and, in the Intérim, Incking sufficient meusure of
these things to make them amenable to real analysis, we have
to siy that our real interest In thia project is not one of
Intellectul curlosity but 1s in trying to establish and
appraise the possibllity of a menace to the United Staten.
"And we can say, as of now, that there has been no pattern that.
reveals anythirg remotely Ilke purpose or remotely like con-
slatency, that we can in any way assoclate with ary mennce to
the United states.
" Now, 'we do want to continue in the interusts oi
intellecturl curiosity or the contributions tn be made to.
sclentiflo nessurements, but our main interest 1a going to

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 338, "chars": 2023, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 3•
have to continue
In the problem of seeing whether the things
have possibillty of hurt to the United states, and our present
dilenma of 'Lack of measurement that con be turned to analysis
and a complete lack of pattern in any of these things which
gives any clue to possible, purpose or possible use, lenves us
I some allenna, as to what we can. an about this remaining twenty
per cent of unidentified, phenomena.
Civil," "
The volume of reporting: 1s, related to many things.
Capes'' "
Heady !
We know that reports of this kind go back to Hibliel times.
There have been flurries of them in varlous conturies. 1846
seens, to have had a time when there was quite a flurry of re-
In +
porting of this kind.
current serles of reports goes
back, generally; to 1946 in which things of this inid were
reported in Sweden.
intimat" i
There are many reasons why this volume goes up and
down, but we cun't help but kellere that, currently, one of the
reubons for volume is that man Is doing a grent deal more.
There's more man-mude notivity in the nir now than there
was,
certainly, in BIblIcal times or in 1846.
In addition to that,
our opportunities to observe have boen enhanced grently.
The alftloult part of it, as for is idvancing the
program is concerned
1s that our ability to measure doesn't
eem to have advanced, in uny-way awell as our opportunity
to observe and the greater recurrence of more, disturbing things
of this sort that are actully in existence from man-made nir.
participation that we know about..
..!..
so our present course of action is to continue on this
problem with the best of our abllity, giving to It the attention
that we teen it very definitely warrunts in terme of identiiying
"Now, I, think with those opening remarks I could Invite
questions. Question, yes, ‚sir?
THE PRESS: Have there been more than one radar sigating
simuntaneously " that 19y blips Iron, several stations, all con-
centrating on the same area?
MAJOR DENERAL SAMFORE: Jou mean in the past?'
.„THD PRESS: Jes, sIx.
1.
3,...

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 356, "chars": 2096, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
17%
-4-
"UTUR GENDRAL SAMFORD: Tes. Ihat 1s not on unusual
thing to happen to this sequence at all.
Phenomenon has
passed from one radar to another and with a fair degree of
..certainty that It was the same phenomenon. Io any that there
have been simultaneous sightings, 'the same thing by different
radar, I think that we could be quite sure that that has
occurred simultaneously. Now, when we talk about down to the
split second, I don't know, but simultaneously in time suf-
fiolent for, us to argue that there've been two mechanionl
observations of the same thing.
TEE FRESS:
Enough to give you a fix so that you can
be sure that it is right in a certain place?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD; That 1s most rare.
THE PRESS: Has there boen any?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Most rare. I don't recAll
that we have had one that gives us that kind of an effect.
THE PRESS: Could that be due to fonized alouds?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: There are thoughts that
Ionized clouda do have somo influence on this. We do know
that the thunderstorm nativity to quite nicoly Identifiable
by indar because we use the radar for the purposes of avoiding
thunderstorms und we do have some that show the storm aren
that's coming in towards principal stations where protection
1e neceseury in terma of high winds and thunderatorms,
THE PRESS: How much money would you say the Alr
Force spends a year tracking down these flying saucer reports?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, the energy that's going
into it at the pronont time, in outside of nnything except the
normal reporting procedures. Most of our reports como from
Individuals or, we might say, I think, on the order of sixty-odd
per cent, comes from the civillan population struight out. I
think there might be something like elight per cont come from
civil airlines pilots. You might find that another percentnge,
in the order of twenty-five, might come from militory piloto.
anthe effort to further palyze them"and proflt in going after
that in a big
way is going to have in some way to be related to
a standard measurement that, makes this matérlal for workmen to
work on.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 309, "chars": 1841, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TEE PRESS: General, have you talked to your Air
Intelligence Offluer who Is oyer at the National Airport when
they were sighting all these, bandits on the CAA seroen?
MAJOR GENERAL, SAMTORD:. Jes, sir; I have:
THE PRESS:
And have you talked to the Andrews T1eld
people who apparently say the same thing?.
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I baven't talked to them
myself, but others baye.
THE PRESS: Well, could you give un an acdount of
what they did see and what explanation you might attach to it?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I coula discuse pos-
'sibllities. The radar screen has been picking up things for
many jears that, well, birds, e flock of ducks.. I know there's
been one instance in which a flock of ducks was picked up and
was intercepted and flown through an being an unidentified
phenomenon.
THE PRESS: Where was that, General?
MAJOR GENERAI, SAMPORD: I don't recall where It was.
I think it might have been in Japan but I don't recall the
Joontion, of that.
That's Just a recollection of where that
sort of thing could happen and I do laow that at Wright Field
there was one of these things on the radar -- this was in 1950,
I think - maybe Captiin Jomes would reinforce that.
Was that
In 1950?
CAPTAIN JAMES; Ihat's correct.
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:
"- in which the local Isdor
produaed the effect of the encircling phenomenon that caused
guite à lot of concern and it, vas gone out and intercepted
and found to be à certain. kind of ice formation that was 1n
the air in various parts of the atmosphere around Wright Field
on that day.
..-
Again, there are theorles like the men who, theory
of 11ght refraction which sogs that temperature inversion in
the atmosphere can cause an. Image from somewhere else to be
reflected' in positions
theory, rotated to done not it of at toot
ground effect that you get in radar.
inte
!!"'
1A hitar

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 220, "chars": 1417, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
+#:=
-6-
*1
We have one Instance, In which a night fighter with
radar is reported to have locked on, as they say, to an object
in flight, Which, after he'd followed it, beyond this curye,
found that he was locked on to the ground and he had only a
very few minutes" to recover because the ground target had
gone up, and then mtaplaced by some phenomena,
and he locked on
to It in a position where he wasn't, but, following It, he
eventually found linself airected toward the, ground...
Now, the conditions that seem to produce these
temperature inversions' and possibly the same kind of thing
for, ground targets being "laplaced in altitude -- I don't
о за та вого в ес а вікоб о 9о поа ро 5 0
reason to relate those phepomena, to those atmospherio condi-
and prey: but tallity..
Ies, 41x?.
THE PRESS: Diá Interceptors Bo up on any of the
three 0c0asions?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: HereT
TEE, PRESS:
yes!
......
MAJOR CENTRAL SAMFORD:
THE PRESS: What" ald" they see on their radarscopes?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I don't recall that they
saw anything. Do you remember, Roger, whether anything was
" "Bighted on their radarscopes?
Fightings:
1 MAJOR DENIRAL RAME There, have been no radar
One or two reported (incudible).
THE PRESS: There have been no airborne radar
sightings, Geteral Rumey? Is that
MAJOR GENERAL. RAME: That's correct.
THE
ESS:
"on what. ata, they report sight Ingo?
• MAJOR GENERAL, SAMFORD rigats.
"'.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 223, "chars": 1361, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-7-
MAJOR GENERAI, RAMEY: In one or two Instances, they
reported sighting lights. In one Instance, they reported
locking on to an-object.
It Is pretty clear from the discussion
of the pattern of two
alrplanes that went out that one of them
was locked on to the other one.
..
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Jes.
THE PRESS: General
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:
Jes, sir?
THE PRESS; Back to the lonized cloud. . Were the
blips picked up recently, comparable to the lónized aloud or
were they different in maneuvering or motion?..
MAJOR GENERAL' SAMPORD: Hell, you're talking about
that we can say,
we can look at something else and say, "That Is No. So-and-so
airplane."
THE PRESS: And these recent blips were different?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: These were different:
THE PRESS: General Samford, I undérstand there were
radar experts who saw these sightings Saturday night or early
• Sunday morning.
What was their interpretation of what they
saw on the scope?
MAJOR CENERAL SAMTORD: They sald they saw good
returns.
THE PRESS: Which would Indicate that these were
solld objecta similar to aircraft?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD; No, not necesarily. We
get good returns from birds.
THE PRESS: Well, you wouldn't get aB large a b11p
fróm a bird as --
MAJOR CINERAL SAMFORD: No; unless it was close.
THE PRESS: Did they report that these could have
been birda?
•
tale lile
ta -*
Pairs i

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 196, "chars": 1237, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-8-
* MAJOR ENERAL SAMTORN:
No.
flected ground target
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I'II ask Captnin James --
CAPTAIN JAMES:
Iou can get a very large return from
à reflected ground target.
THE PRESS: Just as good as you might get from an
object notully Is Illght In the n11?
• CAPTAIN JAMES: Actually thicker. It depends on
the amount of bending..
THE PRESS: And Just as sharp on the scope?
CAPTAIN JAMES: Yes.
.. :
" ¿rented by tempuraturo Invernion?
TIP PRESS; Can you get " blip from the (inaudible)
...
CAPIAIN JAMES: On the ground target, yen.
THE FRESS: In other words, something that's on the
ground that's reflected off a refracted cloud bank would throw
off a blip on the radar soreen?
:"'.:
CAPTAIN JAMES: "Yes, sir.
That's true.
THE PRESS: Would a nearby redar set get that bl1p
at exactly the
same
speed?
CAPTAIN JAMES: Not necessary, no.
THE PRESS; In other: words; you din have a light and
something that lacks substanoe and material and still have a
bLip?.
CAPTAIN JAMES:
I don't quite understand that question.
:!!:
THE PRESS: Tou can have a radar image that's created
without the necessity of radar striking the solid object or a
semi-golla; such as a cloud?:
CAPTAIN JAMES: Well, eventully; It does have. to
strike an object.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1355, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=9.-
TIE PRESS: But you dald it can be aimply a roflection
of something on the. ground.
CAPTAIN JAMES: wolla. an object,
, on tho around is,
actually nomothing back to the reflection
a currod path.
TIM PRESS: In othor words, it doesh't have to bo
in the air.
...
CAFIAIN JAMES: That's correçt.
THE PRESS: In the aroa cpvorod by the sweop on
the radar?
CAPIAIN JAMES:
It has to bo in the aron covered by
the radar not. It has to be within the range,
THE PRESS: " But not in the air.
CAPTAIN JAMES: But not. In tho air.
THE PRESS: What sort of ground targots eive thono
roflectione?:
CAPTAIN JAMES: It doponda on tho amount of tomporature
Inversion and the oize and shape of the ground objocto.
TIE PRESS, Would this reflection account for
simultaneous rudar bightingo and vloual. sightinge which
appear: to coincido on tho babie of convorsationa betweon
the radar oporator and tho obsorvor outside?
CÁPTAIN JAMES: Thoro 1e somo possibility of that
due to tho gamo affects.
THE PRESS: Why would these tomperature Invorsione
chango location go rapidly or travel?
CAPTAIN JAMES: Woll, actually, it can bo tho
appearanco or dieappearonce of difforont ground targoty
giving the appoaranco of domething moving whon, actually,
the difforont objects ara standing atill..
TEE PRESS:
Would these paoudo-blipe causo any
difficuitios in
¡'combat at all?
1 "%
If An ei

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1361, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-1O~
CAPTAIN JAMES: Not to people that understand what's
gOING On.
They do cause difficulty.
THE PRESS: Then the experienced operators really
can tell the difference between --
CAPIAIN JAMES: That's correct.
THE PRESS: Fow about the CAA men?
CAFȚAIN JAMES: I don't know.
HAD PRESS: Would the disappenrance or reappenrance
of these blips be accounted for by the movement of a cloud
bank thit reflected a ground target?
CAPTAIN JAMES: Well, actually, It's not a cloud
bank. It's a temperature Inversion of the atmosphere.
Iou
see, il warm air comes In over a cool area, you have a
temperature inversion and the atmosphere can be perfectly
clear, and still the rays will be bent.
TED PRESS: Would that nocount for the fact that
these 1mages diouppeared and reuppeared on these screens
recently?
CAPTAIN JAMES: ' I'm not positive about that.
There's
a possibility.
THE PRESS: Captain, was there temperature Inversion
In this area last saturday night?
CAPTAIN JAMES: There was.
THE PRESS: And the Saturday night preceding?
CAPIAIN JAMES: I'm'not sure about the one preceding,
but there was last Saturday night.
THE PRESS: Was there one last night?
CAPIAIN JAMES: I don't know.
THE PRESS: Captain, did any two sets in this arca
get a f1x on these so-called saucers around here?
CAPTAIN JAMDS, The information ve have isn't good
enough to determine that.
424 TA SEx =

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 1842, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-11-
THE PRESS: You don't know whether Andrews Field
and Woshington Nattonal Alrport actually got a triangulation
on anything?.
aren't actre due to 9-2 the to do ende and kopt
•THE PRESS! What "is "thé possibillty of these being
other than phenomena?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMTORD: Well, I'd ilke to maybe
relleve Captnin James Just A minute., Jour question 1s what?
THE PRESS: What 1a the possibility of these aightings
being other than option or atmospherio prenomenn? In other
worda, what is the poscibilly of their being guided missiles
Idunched from some' other country, for example?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORN: Well, If you could select
out of this mass any particulur one or two una start working
on them and say, "What is tin possibility of them being
these things?"
Then you come ti thi pofit and say this one
is reportea to have dore"thizes
winst rey"tre Ict it to do
power or no mass.
missile, it does these inlage that ive been measured and
reported, It can do those fhings it there 1s theoretically
no Limit to the power invo ved and there is theoretically no
mass involved. that's one of the conditions that would say,
, well, it someone soived, one of those problems, this could
then be explained as one of those taings. Jou find another
one and it has in it just develops aó no other purpose or
no other pattern that cuila be associatad with them, a'missile.
Those which we night. Idenly as being missiles will be tracked.
They!11 have a truck to develop sonething that people con put
a measurement to.
I'don't know whethur that answers the
• question. It satlațles dome of It, but maybe not all of it.
Уев?
'THE PRESS:" Have there been any such instances so
far in which you had infornation that indicated that elther
of' these two conditions were fulfilled?
•MAJOR GENERAL SAMTORD: Absolute, Do mass?
THE PRESS:
"No" limit to the power.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 333, "chars": 2031, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-12-
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:: Iou kart, what "no mass"
mehns is that there's nothing there!.. (Laughter).
THE PRESS: " How about the power?
THE, FRESS: yes.
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:
And unlimited power -- that
neans power of such fantastic higher Limits that It 1s a
theoretieal unlimited - It's not anything that we can under-
stand..
It's Ilke my trying to understand - I want to be care-
I'll because I was going to say a million dollars, but I can't
waderstand a huadred!
It's one of those questions of unlimited
‚power that, Just gets beyord your comprehension that has to be
used to meet this.
THE PRESS: General, do you have any tentative con-
clusion or even a trend townrds a bellef of what these loccl
radar blips arer There's been talk that you did have the
heat inversions those nights. Are you nil inclined to belleve
that is what that 1s?
MAJOR CONDRAL SAMTORD: I think that we're learning
‚progresalvely more and uore sbout the radar and that these
Instances very, 11kely ere maybe good observations that the
rador can make of something but not likely bo be observations
of the things that the radar won desigeet to observe (laughter).
Now, (laughter) -- all rigit. Now, let's say -- we don't know,
mach nbout; - wad I'll be gettleg Ier afield teehnically -.
we "dor't. know much about the Northern Ilghts. We'd Ilke to be
able to measure that a little bin better. Thit is the kited of
thought I inn trying to express by saying toddr was intended
to observe 'aircraft for control of nircraft and to deal with
alteraft. Now, you may have scientifle advantages for observa-
tilon that it wasn't intended for.
" I wonder If you'd speak to my point on that,
Captal James, whether I're gotten t0o far nfield or something
I don!t; know anything about.
CAPTAIN JAMES:
"Tes, sir; that's qulte true. We
Ind that sometimes the radar set will be formed in a manner
"not desirable and due to the fact thet it doesn't happer, every
day everyone Isn!t Inmiliar with those characteristies and It
somatimes turns out to be a mystery..

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 329, "chars": 2021, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1373 # 9042
F01047
-13-
THE PRESS:. Well, getting back, If I may follow it
up, on these Iocal radar observations, then you come to the
tentative conclusion that they're physical phenomena? Would
you say"that?
MAJOR GENERAI, SAMTORD: I think so, yes.
THE PRESS: How Is It we haven't had them before?
THE PRESS: Well, that's what I was going to get to.
• What's the history of this
thing? Badar operators in the past,
when you inquire of them; have they seen similar lights In the
past and because they never bothered to associate them with
, flying saucera they've never gotten in the newspapers?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Oh, they have associnted
them In the past with things that. were thought desirable to
Intercept. I said a minute ngo we've intercepted flocks of
ducks and similar things. There's some history of the Jack
of Identifloation of frlendly alicroft which causes a lot of
unnecessury interceptions in some parte of the worlä, being
mixed up with a lot of this sort of thing too in which we've
hod many interceptions, that went out and Identified f friendly
thut should have been, established. by some other method, but
mixed' up, with those there've been many of these attempts to'
Identify an un mown, that fizzled out in the same way that the
current ones have fizzled out.
THE PRESS:: 'In other words, It is not a rare phenomenon,
this thing that happened Saturday night and the Saturday before
that?
"MAJOR GENERAL SAMTORD: It 1s not a rare phenomenon.
THE PRESS; It's not yare, and it occurs often enough
so that you do have a history, and. Indar experts have been
trying to find out what causes them; is that right?
• MAJOR GENDRAL SAMTORD: That 1s correct. JoB, sir.
THE PRESS: Generel Samford, has the Air Force
conducted any independent research through universities or
through the radar people, the Gilfillen people or whoever?
MAJOR GENERAI SAMTORD: Ies, sir.
We have a number
of, avallable consultants, seme contracts that have been
"Inftlated, some of them that are being thought of, but; again,

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 365, "chars": 2141, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 14-
I'think I'd Ilke to go back to the point of the profit in
this thirig: pérhaps being a mensurement first, an adequate
mensurement that can go. to science.. Reports of the same
kind that we've been getting except for this additional
mechanical asset or opportunlty colled the radar have been
going on since the Biblé times.
Now, the radar gives an
ndditional opportunity to observe something about that, but
It still doesn't rensure it with the kind of precision that 1s
needed to put it
Into anclysis.
THE PRESS: Are you getting something to do that?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: We heve some hope with a
camera that has on the front of it a -- will you desoribe what
that -.
CAPTAIN JAMES: It has a de-fraction grid.
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Jes, a de-fraction gria on
the front of It that will be useful ngainst Iights because
through that do-fraction you'll be able to say, from what
substance was this light mider Whnt guses were burnine? Win
It gas? Wan It Incandescence? and so forth. Now, those
cumerns - the lens 1s about a $15 Item, or this grid 1s,
and the camera 18
about " fl? item. we have on order a small
quentity, two hundred plus of those, We hope to be able to
distribute those into the hands of poople who might have
opportunity. Now, with the great diversity of people who
report It's not too easy to put your finger on who has the
highest opportunity to report, into whose hands ouch a device
should go, but we think we may leari who might be the most
optimum reporters. A great volume
"around" to try through tre shotgun approach to get repo tatter
doesn't look I1ke too valuble a project but that is one way
of trying to meusure what these i1ghte are.
THE PRESS: "Ior what purpose - they have hnd
similer gadgets before, I mean, to measure or to determine
the origin of whit generates the light. Is this a new type?
CAPIAIN JAMES: The grid 1s.
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD! It's not new except that it
haan't been aimed specifieully at these items or focused on.
these items as far as we know..
• A pret
Tim PRESS:
General, the Captain mentioned a moment.
"ogo or had the thought that when there '1s temperature Inversion
di m

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 253, "chars": 1574, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
-15-
"i the men know who are observing radar. Is It all right to nsis
If the Air Force thiaks that these objects the other night
were a result of temperature Inversion?'
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well; I'll answer that first,
try to, and then ask Captain James for an opinion. I don't
think that we are quite sure that the Menzel theory of temper-
ature inversion or that sclentists are sure that that is a good
theory. Its supported by some people.
Other people who have
competence, it would appear, discredit it. So the gamble
• ag to whether that ia the cause or not is about a flity-fifty
+ t can appear,
proposition.
It's appealing. It does satisfy certain concerna.
Is that a fair statement or answer to that question?
CAPTAIN JAMES! Sir, the Menzel theory apples mainly
to 11ght rays,
MAJOR GENERAL. SAMFORD: Yes.
'CAPTAIN JAMES: . In regord to the temperatúre inversion
effect on radar waver that
is farly well established.
THE PRESS: Ihere's no doubt nbout the latter, 1s
there?
CAPTAIN JAMES: That's right.
? THE PRESS:
Ihnt!e been established.
THE PRESS: And it was not --
CAPPAIN JAMES:. We don't have sufflotent Information
to say definitely that that was the cause.
THE PRESS: Tou said ad experienced rndar operator
coulă tell the difference.
CAPTAIN JAMES: I vould say so.
THE PRESS: Wasn't. there a naval battle during the
war in which there was a great engugement fought agninat in
Inversion, of radar?
..
CAFIAIN JAMES: I understand that happened.
''THE PRESS,: You had two experts over there last
Saturday night, Major Fournet and Lieutenant Holcomb, who.

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 347, "chars": 2049, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ерт
-16-
" described themselves as radar technicians and Intelligence
offloers. What was their opinton?".
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: May I try to make another
answer and ask for suppört or negation, on the quality of the
radar. operator.
I personally don't feel that is necessarily
associnted with quality of radar operotors because radar
operators of great quality are going to be confused by the
things which now appear ard may appear in dindar.. The
ability to use the radar for the 'thing it. was designed for
1B, I believe, dependent upon the thing thut they see doing
a normal aot.
If It does a norml act, then it becomes
Identified as the thing that they thought it was and then It
pulls Itself along through this mass of Indiention and they
BBУ,
"That one has normal procesdes." I think that a
'description of a GCA landing has some bearing on that in which
to get associated with the GCA you have to make a certain
number of queries and do a certain number of things and then
you become identified through the fact that you obey. Other
things that are in there don't obey.
If you obey, then you
have an identity 'and you oah then be" followed with precision.
So I wouldn't like to say that this is a function of inadequate
radar operations. I think It's a thing that con happen to any
radur operator.
If he sees somothing in there and says,
"That one is neither behaving nor any other normel pattern."
What 1s It? Curiosity stimulus; any other kind of stimus
can result in overemphasis at any particular time on any
radarscope. "These recently appéir to have been much more
solid returns than are ordinarily classifiable by the argu-
ments that I have juat giver. '"
Would you address joutself to what I've Just Bala?
was the question;
THE PRESS: yes. What do the experts think? That
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:
The experts?
THE PRESS:
The ones that sow it last saturday night.
What did they report to your'
THE PRESS: Iwo of them saw it
In
we i
THE PRESS: What did they say?•
•MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD;
They sald they, made good
returns.
44443272420%

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 207, "chars": 1247, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-17-
"THE PRESS:, Did they, draw any conclusion as to what
they were, whether they were clouds?
MAJOR. GENERAL SAMFORD! They made good returns and
they, think that, they ought to be followed up.
TIE PRESS: But now you come, to the generel beltef
"that it was some either heat Inversions or some rther phenonena
without substance.
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: The phrase "without substance"
bothers me a little.
THE PRESS; Well; could you --
•. MAJOR GENERAL SAMTORD:
.. say what we do think?
TED PRESS: Jes.
MAJOR GENPRAL SAMFORD: I think that the highest
probability is that these are phenomena associated with the
Intellectual nna solentific interests that we ire on the road
to Jean, nore a mut but or there do it do thet tet 16
directed against the United States.
THE PRESS: General, yru snid that -- can you stop
that short of the United States, sir, or the menace to the
Unitda states?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I'm sorry -.
THE PRESS: Con you stop that statement short of
your menace to the United states?
MAJOR GENERAL BAMFORD: Well, that was the -- I
think that is the part that I bellered. Now, what was it
that I would have said otherwise?
THE PRESS: Well, you såld were not assoctated
with vehicles
THE PRESS: Materinis.
THE PRESS: Missiles.
R

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1865, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'-18-
THE PRESS: Material
; vehicles, and missiles directed
agcinat the United States.
THE PRESS: The question whether these are hoattle
or not nukes very little difference. 'What we're trying to get
, at 1s 'nie you eliminnting excluding from any consideration e
missile, a vehicle, or" any other material object that might
be flying through the air other than sound or 11ght or sone
other intongible?
• THE PRESS: somebody from this planet or some other
planet violnting our air space. (Inughter)
MAJOR GENERAL SAMEGRD: The astronomers are our best
advisers; of course, In this husiness
of visitorg from elme-
where.
The astronomers photograph the sky continuously per-
haps with the most adequate photography. in existence und the
complete absence of thinge which would have to be in their
appearance for many days end months to come from somewhere
else.
It doesn't cause them to have any enthusiasm whatsoever
In thinking about this other side of it.
TIE PRESS: Hate aný astronomical Inboratories re-
ported any sightings whatsoever or any' astronomers?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I don't recrll. Captrin
Ruppelt, do you know whether we've had reports from astronomicsl
Inboratories or observatorles?
CAPTAIN RUPPELT: No, BIT. Noné, have ever hna nny
real bearing.
THE PRESS: General, does that. - the kind of In-
volved explanation you just give us -. does thrit appry to the
recent Washington, sightings or upon your observations over the
past years since 1946 based on all your experience with it?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, our reaction to the
recent Woshington s1ghtings is relited to the post expertence
In terms of :- we have denit with radar blIps before.
THE FRESS: General, If these were vehicles or
materials of our own making, they wouldn!t be a mencce to
the United, states. Do you exclude that?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:. I'd exclude that, derinitely.

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 285, "chars": 1770, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-19-
THE PRESS::
General, let's maké it clear now, you
aze excluding - "f you'll affirm that - you are excluding
venicles,, missiles;.
and other tangible objects flying through
apace, Including thé subhuman, bodles from other planets.
*,.%
"•'MAJOR' GENERAL SAMFORD: In my mind, yes.
clëar statement?
TIE PRESS: Anything material -- would that be i
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: When you denl with a scien-
tific man, maybe he might quarrel with you by what 1s the read
": 'meaniog, of 'naterlal:"
would
being a material evidence.
• THE PRESS: In other words, General, 11 you remove
the EFI From that
‚statement, It could apply, to any missile,
• materin,, or object that, Is, in the air, regardless oi whether
It's a'menace to the Unitéa States or not?
MAJOR GENERAL, SAMFORD:, weLl, JeB.
THE PRESS: In other words, It Just isn't there.
MAJOR GENERÁL SAMFORD: I bellevo that, that there
is no - well, now, that in a Ilttle bit in error because a
minutelago I suld birds do these thingo. Now, a bird has
subotange, you see. I don't want to go out and say that these
things are reflectiors of nothing.
If they're reflections
from the ground up in the alr, they're reflections of something.
That's why the thought of saying that this thing satisfies us
in having no real patter other than that of phenomena.
THE PRESS: General, you sold there'd never been a
'similtaneous ndár fix or one of these things.
MAJOR GENERAL SAMTORD: I don't think I wanted to
"say that:
THE PRESS: Iou diän't mean to say It?
•MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I, meant to say that,
you talk about simultaneously, fomebody wIll say, "Was'It on
11203 hours, 244 seconds?" and I don't mow.
1y: * 41
¡THE PRESS:
"'weli, l'a like to point out this fact
that the officer in charge of the radar station at Andrews
ctic

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 1811, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-20-.
'Ileld told' me that on 'the morning of July 20th, which was a
week fron last Saturday, he pioked up an object three miles
"northlof Riverdale and he was in intercon communication, with
CAA and they exchenged information and CAA alao had a blip
three miles porth of Riverdale and on both radars the same
blip remained for about thirty seconds and simultaneously
disappeared from both sets..
Now --
*11
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, their definition of
that neutesy gone people won't be sutlofled that
'THE PRESS: Well, It 1s pretty donned simultaneous
(laughter) for all purposes, it 1s satlafled by the inversion
theory, Captain.
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I'm talking about the
éplit-second people who want to gay you've got to provo now
• ¡that this happened at such-and-such a time and they '11 say
your observations are delayed by half a second; therefore,
you cun't say it was simultaneous.
THE PRESS: And does your Inversion theory explin
away that situation?
• CAPIAIN JAMES: It possibly could, yes.
THE PRESS: It possibly could, but could. It?.
CAPIAIN JAMES: We don't have the detalls.
THE. PRESS: Is there any reason why It oouldn't
IHD PRESS.
Genernl, can we get this clurifled?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:
I believe -- I'm trying to
Let this gentleman ask a question. Exause me.
THE PRESS Isn't it true, sir, that these show a
definite grouping, the sightings around atomlo bomb plants or
areas? Doesn't your map at Wright Ileld show that?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMTORD: I flnd no more pattern in
this dispersal of sightings than I do in a indar screen, You
can perhops take distribution of 'sightinga ind say that you
arrange It this way and you táke this group during this period
and that gives you a dispersal that may have some significance
Injit. 'But, I'd Ilke to have coptain Ruppelt developithat

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 303, "chars": 1859, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- sit fit
-21-
because he probably knows more about what has been done-to
try to plot these things and say,
"Does that have any meaning?"
I am not satisfied that any effort we've made toward a dispersal
pattern has as, Jet developed one shred of eridence or meaning.
would you correct me or speak to
that point?
"*.
•CAPTAIN RUPPER. We've plotted these things out on
a mop and they do come out.
grouped around some of the atomic
Installations in the country. However
there's one point,
you don't know, maybe the people in that area are a littl
If they see a meteor, they'll report It in
- to the guards... It some farmer, out in the middle of Iowa saw
a mèteór, he'a just forget about it.
Now, that is one pos-
sibility that we can't eliminate.. À lot of the sightings
that, occurred around these atonio installations have turned
out to'be balloons, etc:, but it may be that the story hos
gone out that those are vital areas and more people are re-
portipg. we don't lonow.
THE PRESS: What percentage of your unexplainable
ones that you've got are around there?
CAPIAIN RUPPELT: A few of them.
THE PRESS: Is it the same pattern?
" CAPTAIN RUPPALT:.
"I, wouldn't say that every sighting
around an atonie Installation ls unexplained.
There's really
no - I don't quite follon you.::"
. THE FRESS: His question 1s what. percentage of the
‚unexplainable percentäge of the sightings" are grouped around
atomic energy ...
CAPTAIN RUPPEIT:
We've never broken it down.
me PRESS: is It unttorn to the general percentages?
CAPTAIN RUPPULT: It followed the general percentages.
.. In other wórds,, ll twenty per cent of the sightings are un-
expletied, twenty per cent of the sightings around Los Alamos
THE PRESS! Unexprained.
CAPTAIN RUPPEII:
-- unexplained; right.
THD PRESS: What percentage of these have come from
tech loal, men 1n science at these lastallutions?
:

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 317, "chars": 1852, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-22
CAPTAIN RUPFELT:
"It varies with the type öf poople.
In other words, at Los Alumos most of the people are fairly
technical peóple. However; Jou fun the guards in a place like
Now, that mij be anather factor.. All those installations
Happen in bet out tend tour bor had yond pople.
THE PRESS: 'Eave many of the scientists though, for
inbtance
at Los Alamos, the scientists or technical people,
reported' these' things?
'CAPIAIN RUPFELT:. Yes; they nave,
We have reports
fróm very high technical people.
THE FRESS: If your reports, some of them, come from
these technieal people, what type of infornation would the
Alr Force like to have?
CAPTAIN RUPPELT: The Air Force would Ilke to have ..
can I answer, sir?
MAJOR GENERAL, SAMTORD Go ahead.
CAPTAIN RUPPELT: The Alr Force would like to have
a aize, speed and altitude and what-have-you on thèse things.
THE PRESS: Number of men Inside it? (Laughter)
THE PRESS: In viow of practicalities what would on
ordinery citizen do If he saw one? Would you be interested in
his Information?
Whạt can he do to help you?
CAPTAIN, RUPPELT: Actually, we are very much interested.
Bowever, there isn't much we can do with their information.
It's possible that you might get, a șerles of sightings•
other worde, It you get everybody up and down the East Coast
looking,
you might, be able to plot a ground track from it,
but the idformation we get from the general publlo or from
a scientist -- there's no difference. In other words, well,
Let's take a meteor-11ke
Il you're out
Let take an era bet you tell e out tet
• You don't even know in which direction it was going.
ActuaIly, It looked to you maybe 1ike It was going across the
,to west, but you're not sure. Jou're Just looking
at a borizontal projectiöt of thet meteor.
And o, scientist
the
Just because he's a sclentist doesn't mean he's
got better eyes.

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 246, "chars": 1526, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
577474
-23-
* *
IN" THE PRESS: What about a report, for example, about
ones week ago from an engineer who sighted six on seven who
followed a definite pattern and' then all turned in the same
direction and went stralgat up at an estimated speed -- I
Forget what he said It vas!.
feat one to
"CAPTAIN RUPPALT;
I couldn't pick that one out from
the mass and size I'm not familiar, with that one.,
" "t
'THE PRESS!" 'Eave you investigated these so-called
" Bauders here ls Washington?
"'" THE PRESS: • The ones we've been seeing here on radar
acreens.
CAPTAIN RUPPELT: We've got the data on them.
THE PRESS: Have you investigated them yourself? :
CAPTAIN BUPPELI: Well, what do you mean by that,
" now - gone out and personally talked to all these people?
THE PRESS: Jes.
CAPTAIN RUPPELT: No; I haven't.
THE PRESS:
Has anybody from the Air Force talked
to Harry Barnes, who's the Senlor Controller in the CAA "indar?.
CAPIAIN RUPPELT: We have a report from the CAA
Controller.
THE PRESS: But nobody's Interviewed him?
CAPTAIN RUPPELL: I couldn't tIl you that.
THE PRESS: General, you started to say. you wanted
certain means of measuring these things, and ynu mentioned'
thls' camera. "Were you going' to name others or is that the
only thing you have in mind an a posalble way of Identifying.
and neasuring these phenomena?
MAJOR. GENERAL SAMFORD,
Mr. Griffing is here from
* the Electrontes Section. Would you address yourself, to that,
MI. Gr1ffing?
"..
(11. 975"
MR. GRIFFING: I didn't. bear the question.
in tire
for years.

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1674, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 24-
THE PRESS:
The question was we'd ask what -- the
General had sata the freatest need sow was to get some way
of menswing these reports In terms that 'jou can turn them
over to a"sclentist and I asked 'him what Wos he seeking in
that way, what he wes getting. 'He mentioned this camera.
I connected the question with some way of measuring the gases
and 1ights.
: I asked him were there other things than that
"that" he "night mention" that they're now ordering or procuring
for that purpose.
MR. GRIFFING: The reflaottoncamera shóuld tell
whether It's an Incandescent souree or whether it 5 Illuminous
Well, that would Immediately tell whether It was a
meteor or reflection of a beadlight, a mirage theory and it
what elno Identity what Kind of gases.
THE PRESS:
what other than this camere? Are there
any' other tools that you're seeking now?
GRIFFING:
There 1s another proposal which also
unes de-fraction gratlag, which iá à continuously öperating
schmidt telescope, and that will give a continuous record over
the right.
THE PRESS: What's this?
THE PRESS:
That's a telescope to photograph the
entire heáven in one wholé picture?
MR. GRIFTING: "Ies, sIT.
Schmidt telescope?
THE PRESS: Would you rep that? What 1s this
CAPTAIN JAMES: It's a type of telescope.
THE PRESS:"
What type of telescope are you talking
= about,
Mr. Griffing?
MR. GRIFFING:
The Schmiat, s-c-h-n-1-d-t, telescope
Is an optical system that has a wide aperture. That 1s, YOu
oen have a, wide range
degrees,
• In me platé and 'you çan have" a continuil record of what
"happens in the sky at night, meteor trolls or what-have-you
and make a photographle record.
THE PRESS: Where is this being used?

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 220, "chars": 1389, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This
La a dev. devolopment,
articular one,"
but there have been, ones similar to this in
use" la many observatorles:
" Palomar has a Schmiat telescope.
pasta around no doute you cranize a nurbor of tara sai.
MR, GRITTING: That is a possibillty.
THE PRESS:
Is that a moyle-camera type?
MR: GRATING? Not exáctly. The plate 1ș expoped
for ten minutes, änd then le replaced with another plate and
then so on through the night. That Ia, one can expose a
- Phot ongo ate out a conut
without overexposure, in
'continual reçord will, be made.. Any
mot lon' that can be indloated with a tine exposure cun be found
With considerable accuracy:
THE PRESS: Does the Air Force have necess to any of
those right now?
MR. GRIFTING" that particular: thing is not in pro-
duction yệt.
THE PRESS: How much does It cost?
MR. GRITTING:, Shall I, 8o Into It, General?,
" 3..
MATOR GENERAL SAMORD:
Well, Bo ahead.
MR. GRIFTING: The cost will be "between three ond
five thousand dollars ablece,..
Đi.
mariss general, bas there been any indication
of these radar sightingo haye been made by electronio
"countermeasurês being'used by U.'S, strategic Air Conmand
bombers practicing
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:
, No; they haven't. We've
avestigate, that and come up negative.
THE FRESS '" Is that Schnlat camera telescope the
onta prefect me tea telescope that's capable of seing used
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD; Probably not.

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 1767, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-26-
"most practidal telescopie, method. Any, telescope can be wed
but prit bar to reope
MR. GRIFFING: It's not the only one, but it is the
"but the probability of gatting a flying object is very remeto.
Beause It his such a wide aperture it makes It more useful.
ment took it e yet age an eagany other measure:-
*'!'
MR. CHIFFING: Well, of course, the difficulty 1s 1f
we hove a high-powered instrument; we can't guarantee that they'11
intercept
Ilying objects so there are other simple measurements
• that, çan be made, with trained personnel.. Thére are measure-
ments of tine.
One can time, the appearance and disappearance
with, bis
own watch and then check his watch:' Accurate measure-
ments of time' are one thing and sinple measurements of angle
can be made hi trained people with very crude apparatus, and
they can tell whether an
'abject to one mile or fifty miles high.
THE PRESS: Haven't we already bad some trained
persopnel, so-called trained personnel, who tined these
appearances:
MR. GRIFFING: There perhaps have -- Captain Ruppelt
enn answer thit, The point is In any of these operations there
have to be two simultuneous observers to get altitude.
You
can't use une observation, and It may be that two simultaneous
observations have not been in, the reports.
THE PRESS: General"
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORT: I think that the gentleman
¿here has been waiting quite awaile with a question, 1l you
don't mind. "
THE PRESS: General, you mentioned that eight per
"cent of the reports come from alrline pilots. Soma of these
experience in flying,. What's the reaction of the Air, Force
descripțion?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMTOR: It's very high. We reaot
to, them as soying this is an important Item.
THE FRESS: No you classify that, some of those
thing
as phenomena?

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 321, "chars": 1971, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-27-
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Weld, what else con we call
*#rItz.
Els terns of the statement about It are not placeable in
anything else as phenomena. I have one that a friend of mine
who"is ad Air Force officer reported from the Miadle East.
He
"sala, 'I thought that. my mental procesnes were adequate to avoid
seeing these things, but I did see something that didn't belong
there."
He was no more able to put à precise mensurement on
It although he had competent witnesses.
He's a creditable
'observer.
We're not trying to discredit the observers. That's
the reasonithat I sald that we have many reports from creditable
observers of incredible thirgs. They elso say they're in-
credible,
direction and, speed such as has been reported
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: There Is nothing else known
in the world that can do those things except phenomena! (Laughter)
TED PRESS: General, whtle we're in this mass of
areas fox, a minute, suppose some superintelligent creature
had come up with ai splution to the theoretical problem oi
Levitation, wouldsthat, not be massless in. our observations
elther by radar or by
31ght?. No gravity.
THE PRESS: "A balloon bas no gravity but its rute
of movement is aistinctly 11m1ted.
MATÖR"GENERAL SAMEÓRD: Welh, I don't kow whether
because I'm not a metaphysician. "I think, probably, just to
return to saying that
- we bellere most of this can be under-
stood gradually by the human mind.
"TEM. PRESS!, So tor is we know, have any of these
mantlestations been reported over Russin or any of the
satellites?
1 J
" 'MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Wall, we don't know If there
"Have been any reported" over there, no.
THE PRESS: General Samford or perhaps General Ramey,
Jou have, described fighters over the Distriot here In the last
"few weeks"" In there any kindhot a, pollar as, for as the rest of
'the country of the "Ali:Defense Conmand on such" sightings?
"MAJOR, GENERAL SAMPORD: I would ilke General Ramey
"'to speak to that, 1f'he w1l1, please.

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 307, "chars": 1808, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* st
-28-
• MAJOR GENTRAL RAMEY: There's'no special policy as'
a result of these reports:
We have a standard operating pro-
cedure that would call for an Investigation of reporta that
can be tracked on a reasonable assurance of some sort of:
"by this!
THE, PRESS: General, Is It true that there was a
two-hour delay betreen the bighting of these objects Inst
Saturday night wid the airpatch of the jets from New Castle?
• MAJOR GINERAL RAMEY: • Yes; that Is true because
there was néver a track established: 'As soon as o track was
• established to tell the
the authenticity of the and no he directed, toen the plots
as there's s sporadio, report with no Ideat!-
fication, 'no track established, thére's no use, in sending a
very short-rapge short-fleld-duration interceptor in the alr
because he wouldn't inow where to go or what to do.
THE PRESS: In other words, It was the decialon of
the operations officer that occosioned the delay and not any
error in transmisnion of the alert.
MAJOR GENERAL, RAMEY: That's correct; yes, sir.
Air Force has been ling up bite of. this sort tor the
that t bet walted wat!! elvillan radar picked it up. Is
that true?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I think I mentioned earlier
our past experience in dealing with these things in many areas
where we have had, on, lundreda of frultless intercept effrrts
in response to radar b11ps: It's not new with us at all.
TIE PRESS: But of the some caliber as recently as
the past couple of, weeks, I mean; the same, caliber biips. I
think we've all heard about this blip, but is that, the thing
that you sighted before in the past by the Alt Force?
That's
what I wanted to aok
* MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:
Well; I can only say that I
Iee. Iair y sure that they were the same or reasonably the
THE PRESS: Heve these been better, clearer, bigger?

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 1625, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F-to
. a 33
m.=..
+ t+
"A MAJOR, GENERAL SAMFORD:, I wouldn't say better or
clenrer..
These ate good returas. other people hove said,
"These are good, réturns.'
THE PRESS: General samord, to clear that point up,
think Captaln James indicated earler in this reference to
temperature inversion you now say that these are good returns.
" Can you get, good returns on this temperature inversion reflection?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Ies.
THE PRESS: Can you get a return thet's as sharp us
the ones you get off of an aircraft?
THE PRESS: That, moves.
THE FRESS: Captain Jones said they were sharper,
Larger, awhile ago.
CAFTAIN JAMES: I said it depended upon the target.
THE PRESS: I'm referring to thoso seen Saturdry
night. Were thoge good returns? Could the good returns hive
been caused by this reflection agalnst this heat (Inaudible)?
• MAJOR, GENERAI SAMFORD: We think so. We think that
that is probable.
THE FRESS: General, do you think that's probably
what they were?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: My owa mind 1a satisfled
with that, but my obligation to learn more i's not. My own
; mind. is satisfied with that explanation.
General,
If after six years of studying
these things you're now conyinced that they do not constitute
a threat to the safety of the country, is the Air Force thinking
about turning this over to some other solentifle investigating
body, or something?
MÁJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I think that we would
wantsto move into it with then rather than to say turn it over.
137
THE PRESS:
Is there any thought of that, bringing
In other gorernmental sclentille bodies perhaps?
MAJOR ONE SAMELO
Yes...
#
:
3424442€

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1701, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-30-
i..
Tou spoke
Have you any program along that Iine?
in the beginning that you wanted the methods oF
measuring things.
You mentioned twa or three Iittle things
take the possibility of buying, some cameras and telescopes.
Brogram being set up to go about this sclentifIcally,
What'
other organization are you thinking, of bringing In on it?
here, Bower?
COLONEL BOWER: Tes, sIr.
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Would you address yourself
to that point, please?
COLONEL BOWER: our idea on that 1s to Implement our
present study with Instruments wherever possible, as Mr: Griffing
mentioned, the refraction grid. çamera and other pickups that we
might get.
THE PREss:
How many. of these telescopes have been
ordered, the Schmlat" telescope?
order by us.
COLONEL, BOWER: The Schmidt telescopes are not on
The Ferräction grld camero 15 an Item which. we
are da
• 1741914
THÈ PRESS: Is the Schmiat telescope project on
Aix Force project or --
It y
MAJOR GENERA"SAMToRn" I' think the point that the
mazed horaven here
over here wanted to baye „enswered is, can you explain
al structure that I, kion that you have In
well,
re this!
seen it somewhere to my memory that you
te cad the step and this step,
• COLONEL BOWER:
We have several steps in rnalyses
"BAt, explain
Wto you one reason way we cannot give
an Instantaneous answer.
+ mean this regultes a study
just like any technicol problem Titst of 'all, we 'need tech-
Test step is to collect, the date and check
Identified, objets such as balloons,,
or such things as méteors are following
that, and it cones back and ve make an analysis of it within
We have specialists l our oun organizations,
people, on electrodynamies, physies, "geophysics, and varlous
:

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 353, "chars": 2143, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
a dr
other specialties that would fit into this. Following that,
If it: 1s necessary; we will send It to consultants or
specialists in the field.
Jour mention of a contractor --
we are considering that with the idea, if te can't come out
with an anaver, of giving it to a contractor to stuäy it.
That wont be a short-time job,:.
THE PRESS: Are you taking a new approach in this
whole thing?
...
..COLONEL BOWER: I would Bay implementing the past
approach.
THE PRESS: Going at It more systematically.
COLONEL BOWER: Yes!
I think that's the thing to
stress..
In a lot rf these things you can't get technical
data and without technical data you can't get a technical
answer very well.
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Maybe I have a thought
that might help in answertig that problem. When we started
to say this. is an obligation we must learn more nbout, we
thought Initially that we could lenrn something from volume
of reports.
We say we want all the reports we can get and
then, see that through that volume maybe we can mike a pattern.
I think, wo're beginning to belteve now that the things which
we can sense from Totune are not, necensarily the things which
we value
In other words, volume can come from many alflerent
things,;.
It can come from exterial stimulus,
It can come from
an unusual opportunity!. It cán come from such a variety of
meaninglèss' things' só that the volume of reports 1s not going
"to be our answer..
we have thought we'd get thousands and
thousands of reports and out of these we will develop something
that has pattern. We're, now becoming convinced that only
through better reporta with equipment or with a trained
reporter specifically attempting to report the voluble things
about these items are we likely to prcauce waterial thit is
suitable grlot Ict a aclentific anclysis.
The stuff we have
now hasn't enough meat on its bones to interest sclentific
people,
THE PRESS: Well, General, would you say a qualified
" Observer, wola de the pilot from New Castle -- I belleve his
name was dieutenant, fetterson - who got within what he
estimtéd was two miles of this object last Saturday? Have
you questioned him?
2447
)

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 328, "chars": 2009, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
-31-
.:..
other
speclalties that would ilt into this. Following that,
Il It: 1s necessary, we will send it to consultants or
specialists In the fleld.. Jour mention of a contractor ..
we are contldering that with the laen, If he can't come out
That vonit be a
THE PRESS: Are you taking, a new approach in this
-
whole thing?
COLONEL BOWER: I would, say implementing the past
approach.
THE PRESS!. Going at It more systemationlly.
...
COLONEL BOWER: Yes, I think that's the thing to
stress.,
In' a" lot of these things you can't get technical
data 'and without techaical data you dun't get a technical
answer very well.
MAJOR 'GENERAL SAMFORD: Maybe I have a thought
that might help in answering that problem. When we started
to say this. 1s an obligation we must learn more nbout, we
thought Inftlally that we could learn something from volume
of reports.
We say we want all the reports we can get and
then, see that through that volume maybe we can make a pattern,
I think, we're beginning to bolleye now that the things which
we can sense from Tolume nre not, necessartly the things which
we VaLuE, It' an come from external stimus,
In other words, volume can come from many different
things;.
It can come from
an unusual opportunițy". It can come from such a vartoty of
meaninglèss things' só that the ;
volume of reports 1s not going
"to be our anawer..
We have thought we'd get thousunds and
thousands of reports and out of these we will develop something
that has pattern. We're, now becoming convinced that only
through better reports with equipment or with a trained
reporter specifically attempting to report the valuble things
about these items are we mirely to preduce waterial trut 1s
suitable griat fcr a scientifio anclysis.
The stuff we have
now hasn't erougn meat on Its bones to interest solentific
people:
THE PRESS: Well; General, would you say a qualified
"observer Fould be the pilot from New Castle -- I bellere his
congred as eater beat at hit date Have
estimated
you questioned him?

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 292, "chars": 1800, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-32-
:'
MAJOR GENDRAL SAMTORD: He bas no measurenest that
you cấn pụt ta sclent 12 1ỏ: hands.
"" THE PREsS! weil, sther than his eje as a pilot.
• 'MAJOR GENERAL SANFORD:
D! 'He says -- If the quality of
the observer 1s that of sealog something, he was a qualitled
observer. If the quality to mensuring sonething, he is not a
quallfléd observer.
THE PRESS:
Well, the reason. I'd Implled that he'd
be qualltled"1s he was probably concentrating v1th nll of his
intensity upon this
object that he was pursuing, le must nave
been thinking about it pretty: Inteniely; therefore, con probably
give you some pretty good: Information.
Have you questioned him
about It? ir
"".
MAJOR, GENERAL SAMTORD: Yes, He had motives he had
direction; he had interest; he had opportunity.
But he had no
measuring devices to measure this thing, or these thinge that
need to have ménsurément before it cin become "anything other
than a sighting.
THE PRESS: Well, do you explin his sighting on the
basis of this heat inversion theory too, now?
italy do one piet its apart an at enoured ent men rement
mensurement,
insufflalent assöclation with other things, "insulfIclent Insul-
ficient casociation with other probabtlitics' for It to do any
move than. to join that group of sighting that we ste?l hold
In Front Of us àB sayIng no..
THS, PRESS:
"Hasn't, he adaitted that the woll have
been a ground ight that he want?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMPORD:,
I dont 74cci that I
TED PRESS! Well, have yeu fome nay russiegion as
a result of interrogating this pilsi?::
MAJOR 'GENERAL SAMTORD:
None other than that this 1s
another one of the thousand, or two thousand slightings.
TIE PPESS: General, this felior that almost flew
Into the erwura, „aid, he go around, à corner as 1l on a bent
return?, What were the circumstances of that flight?

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1562, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-33-
"I y 17% RUMAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Did I get the information of
the ground lock-on from you, James?
CAPTAIN JAMES: yes, sir; you aid.
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Would you nswer the question?
CAPIAIN JAMES: I'm sorry. I didn't hear it.
THE PRESS: Did he Jock or a reflected Image, go
around the corner, and go down to the ground? Was that the
pattern?.
CAPTAIN, JAMES: Ies; that's true.
That was the
pattern; and he did that three tines and ench time It. led
him to the same point on the ground.
THE PRESS: Captain, what about the man who saw
four 11Bhts, Saturduy night?
CAPLAIN JAMES:
Well, I'll have to nok Captain
Ruppelt to explain the Iights:
In BESS general
MAJOR 'GENERAL SAMFORD; There's this difficulty.
May I make this statement?''I wai trying to -- let's take
any ane of these reports and pull it out and say, "well, what
Is the meaning of that one rèpört?" None of these things in
i the period of our entire experience with them has 'had any
validity on ița own.
The only thing that we hope for is to
find enough sinilarity in sequence oi these thinga so that
" you can, begin to pull something out. There 1s no validity
in them as individual sightings to menn any partloular thing.
" *THE PRESS: General; ald you notice in all of your,
anÿ, twenty per cent of the inexpintiable reporta a consistency
¡antas, to volór, size; or speed, éstinnted speed?
MAJOR GENERAL ŠAMFORD: None whatsoéver.
THE PRESS: None whatsoever?"
MAJOR GENBRAL, SAMF ORD:
No.
THD FRESS!
Have you ever tracked the
offany
"particular objet that you can explain?
speed by, radar

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 283, "chars": 1741, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-34-
"i MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORT:. There, have been many rador
reports giving speed..
*THE PRESS: What did they range from; 51r?
MAUOR GENERAL, SAMEORD:
Ibey run from zero to
fantastic speeds.
• THE. PRESS:
General, how do you explain. this case,
now?. The CAA, as. I understand the story, after pigling up
¿ these objects: on the radar, alao got this Capital Airlines
pluot named pierman on their radar as he was going out west
and, as the Senior Controler told me, he suld, whenever a
bl1p, one of the unidentifled, blips, appeared anywhere near
Plerman's plane, he would call fierman on the radio ana say,
"You have traffic at two o'clock about three miles," und
Pierman, In return, would 1ook to the
and say,
"I see it. I see the 1ght, fiver range and bearing
THE PRESS: Happy. New. Ienr! (Laughter)
THE PRESS: Plerman described it as u: light that
wag
zooming and all such things and this was done not once
but, Barnes told me he instructed him on that target three
'times and then, Saturday night, this past Saturday night,
when they all saw all these blips, Barnes vectored at least
a balf dozen airline pilots and planes into these things and
'they all roported seeing 11ghta:
{5 .
THE PRESS: Many. of them didn't see them, according
to Barnes.
† ly
THE FRESS: Jes. Many of them dian't see them, but
i jithen; Bome dild..
• 1:4°
MAJOR GENERAL SAMTORD: I can't explain that.
**+
THE PRESS: «Well, how do you explain this alrecting?
Is that autosuggestion or --
* MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:
. I can't explain It at all,
I think maybe
THE FRESS: : Have you Investigated that phose of
this
thing, this rectoring the planes, into that?
MAJÖR GENERAL SAMPORD!: Jou can investigate, but
the techaique
of Investigating a process of mind-reading,..

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 309, "chars": 1897, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-35-
for example; or the techique of investigating the procees of
mesmerism., Jou can say will you Investigate those things?
think probably we know no more nbout mind-reading than the
technique of investigatingithat or the technique of Investi-
gating evidences of spiritunliam than we do about these fields
but for many years the fleld of spiritualism had these same
things in It In which completely competent creditable observers
reported incredible things• I don't mean to say that this 1s
that sort of thing; but it's an explanation of an inability to
explain and that 1s with us.
"THE PRESS: Genernl, I understand that the wavelength
of the radar has something to do with what It can pick up in the
way of phenomena: Were these reintively 1ow
or relatively high
wirelength radar?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: • I couldn't say and, I don't
'know whether cantali James con or not, but I'd Ilke to have him
have the opportunity.
CAPIAIN JAMES: These were reintively high frequency
or short wavelength. Iowever, the same, effect can be observed
on 1ong wavelength elulement with differing degrees.
•THE PRESS: Iou say very short. wavelength?
CAPTAIN JAMES:
In this case, 'yes.
THE PRESS: They were designed for aifferent purposes?
MAJOR GENERAL: SAMPORD: Jes:, BIT.
THE PRESS: General, whi. has the. Air Force refused
to alaclose the substance of Captain Mantell's air-ground
conversations before he died? Do you remember that case?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I don it know enough.
about it to say what was said or what some reasons were.
. Well, a prpular book made quite a point
that,.
that the Min Torte a matang be da quat bo goin
It tolà the"true' nature of' the saucer, that he bad approached
It, and
tan toful"
not of"
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: "Well, I, w1sh that that were
that he did say something, that had.
enough, substance in
"Tor'use. "I haven't the slightest tded what he, said.
in atta

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 324, "chars": 1877, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-36-
THE PRESS: Are you withholding any information
about these so-called ..-
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: 'Are We now?.
•THE PRESS: Yes. Is anything.--
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: There 1s one thing that, we
have asked that out
"some of our informers have asked.
. - I
don't Ilke the word "Informer" either - reporters had asked
THE PRESS: We don't Itke that word elther.
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I Iike the word. Reporter
Is all iight.
But many people are reticent about reporting
those things If their names are mentioned because they are
frequently Iooked on by others ns being Dubllcity seekers or
maybe people will avold them and go on the other side of the
street for awhile (Inughter), so they nok un to not say who
made this report and sometimes information 1s received that
donls with the credibllity of a reporter saying he's drunk
all the time or he never dia do anything but lie.. (Laughter).
Well, those things we get are not revealed, but in so far as
the statement of what they saw, when, and where they saw it,
the mensurements thut they took, such as they were, we are not
withholding any of that data.
' THE PRESS:'" How about your interpretation of what
they réported?
•MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORE: Well, welre trying to say
as much ns wo con on that today and admit that the barrier of
understanding on all of this is not, one that we break.
"THE, PRESS: General, have you ever sold flatly that
these, are not
machines that the United states has made or 1s
developing?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMMOND: What was that?
THE PRESS:
Have Jou said this afterioon that these
"are not michines, or weapons that the United states is develop1x7? "
MAJOR GENERAL SAMPORD: I would say that these, that
we have been' speaking about in this locality are definltely not.
However, many reports that we have received: and ve!ve been able
to correlate and put in their place we have been ablé to do so:

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 259, "chars": 1558, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
through associatIon wi
th an açtivity ve had somewhere, a Jet
We could say,
we 6. eport probably eated with this this
well, the report probably
which we've done but, in so far as what you are thinking
about la
nia locality+--
THE PRESS: "These are not missiles or rocketa?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: - there, is nothing.
TED PRESS: Well, General, could you turn that over
a Ilttle bit?" A lot of people keep saying that nIl this talk
Is a cover up and that saucers ore rectly the result of" some
expertuentarthe United States, either the fir Force or Atomic
Energy, 1s coming on:. Can you meke a flat statement and. say
« that these unexplalned flying saucer mantfestations are"nöt
the result of any American weapon or other experimentation or
test?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD; I'd say that those that we
categorize as unexplained or unidentifled have gone through
the process d trying to associate them with something we were
doing, and when we fail to associate them with something we're
doing; we say that is one other clue that ran to nothing.
Now,
to say that sightings, everywhere are -- none of them could
* tan troute true because, we
General Remey sala a minuté ago, there 1s a falr degree f
probability that two fighters, locked on each, other and sar
vand recelved senses, " That was certainly something we were
dotng that caused those two reports.
PRisS What I' was atming, at was thie popular.
feeling --
or mystery,
"of" sométhing, that It's:
some very highly secret new weapon, that, we're workins"
that le cousing all this.
*We have nothire in
has no

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 215, "chars": 1355, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-38-
i PREsS General,
somebody asked you before how
much money you'd spent on this Investigation since the start.
How much have you spent on It?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: It's very slight. I don't
10W 2,12N3
THE FRESS:
General, in connection with withholding
informatton, I'd Iike to ask General Ramej a question. That 13,
now many times have tigater planes been brought, down over the
"Washington ařea in the last couple of weeks to. Investigate
reports of flying objects?
"MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY:
That's a matter of record' --
three, I belleve.
I think two flights one night and one, flight.
'Saturday night." I don't remember the night the other two were
up:
I think there have been six sorties.
• 4+
MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY: In this Immediate area, yes.
: We hard airplanes that Investigate varlous reports all over
the country of plices where we have these fighters, but --
THE PRESS:
I thought the Mir Force had sald that
MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY: No. I don't belleve it said
that'.
THE PRESS: The first night.
THE PRESS: How about. last night, General?
• 'MÁJOR "GENERAL RAMEY: 'Ne; there were no fighters
up last night.
THE PRESS: Were there fighters sent in here from
New Castle on both those Saturday nights in question?
MAJOR "GENPRÄT RAMEY:
That's right; Jes..
THE PRESS; Last night, was that because of lack of
track?
MAJOR GENERAL RAMEI: Lack of 'a track.

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 120, "chars": 912, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
L ad
: eer
aa fies

‘ a
anieoesiias ee oreniarinasen apt ie

ae mee Sea ae

‘ ona ok OF etetliote

NEESER SE a

i “| : a cgtnd a"
ans , 8 ey “ wis
in a
1% mous at i
aw 2 i, 7. ze oe + r ~39~ ‘* ; M
‘ gt “ty pif, 7 " * * “ty he
4 aoa ‘ ws Le rm 4 7 a r ae 1 4 n
; vy . » roa * ?
Som a F
. THE PRESS; General, are sightings from nilitary ,
7 “4 ,
‘ * personnel mide public generally, or are they -- ;
A ow 2 oer
, ‘ “MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: There's no reason why they " |
shouldn't be. Do,
THE PRESS: ‘Thank you, General. Thank you. " ‘
He
> » » The conference was concluded at 5:20 p.m...
4 e *
ee 1 s
¥
ce j
¥
i
+} » +
ah: ‘ Ly
4 “4 ‘
cass
4
I
-
r
4
rnd i ’ *s . “ “
4 . aa a” +
"eae _ a4
‘ " oM
¥ ‘ ra a ‘
a ‘, s 7 r
* a 7 te ts ; ¥ |
. rs il ir ‘1 ;
; ' x; ', at
: Fos ; the we
‘ : Pr " co
a an j
i * - 5 i. i a
+ ‘ aos 78 eo *y <t Yay. €
‘ at at a xt " igre , Bi
. ° d " cl Fal ~: 1 ee gt =

rat

sts ae Sie a

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 1655, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
X.1
OVER
SHEET
ORIGIN OF BASIC
DATE
• UNCLASSIFIED.
DATE
TYPE
SUDJECT
AFCIN Request Ior Iranscript, General, Sanford's
and Other Data.
action.
Initial
{X for
"IN"
view prio.
ROUTING
to action.
Initial
"OUT"
Pre
Maxmall AFBAlabom
ATTN: Archives Branch
Despace slugies
ASSIGNED
BY
l'en
Ice
Inst
column
to
denote
IN
OFFICE
OUT
IN
OFFICE
01N-2
O1N-2X
OUT
IN
OFFICE
OIN• 3
01N-JX
OUT
IN
OFFICE
OIN-4
OIN- 4X
OUT
SUSPENSE
243.
July 1952
→ of complated
TO:
AFCIN-XI.
I FROM:
IN
DEFIGE 100
AFOIN
AFO IN-X
AFOIN-X
AFOIN-X1
AFOIN-XZ
AFOIN- X3
AFOIN-XA
AFOIN- X5
AFOIN- Z
CADLES
FILE
DISPATCH
DATE
# NIC/ 1957.
COMMENT NO.
AFCIN-Lf
COMMENTS (iMe reverse, il nocensary)
154/Capt G.l'. Gregory/vm/69216
L In accordance with telephone conversation belween you uffice and Captain
Gregory, AFCIN-t, attached are the following requented items:
a.
Iranscript of subject: press-TV conference.
b. Copy, teletype UTO Report, and conclusions - Uru sichting, FEAt,
37 Decenher 1956.
six (6) 'copies, standard UTO questlomairo, Forms 1G4 and 161A.
Copy, letter regarding action taken on Hopkinovinle
case with sketch.
"Attle Green Men"
2.
Reference your request that this Center consider declassifying the
"Special
uro Briefing for General Levis" given last October, to permit its release to the
•general public:
Action has been initiated to review and revise the briefing in this
regard.
Specific reference in made to the FEAT UIO case, par. lc, above.
This incident
has 'just
hit the press, and news services (copy attached) through the efforts of NICAP.
DOWNGR
DUC
Copy
Page
AFTER 12 YEAR
DOD DUL EZDOZO
7 MAY.
58
0-86 PREVIOUS EDITIONS. OF
GON:
01
of'
152-27184
copies
pages

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 235, "chars": 1634, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ONEL
INTAL
UNCLASSIFIED
÷ *
ATTR 0-BG, Subj: AȚCIN Request for Transcript, General Semford's Press Conterence,
July 1952
and Other Data
In our opinion, this case was properly evaluated, considering the fact that state
side type of detailed UrO investigations cannot be performed at some Jocale half
way arourd the world! What is of concern is the fact that the report of this
Incident, as may be noted, ls classified.
4= The question arises how did Keyhoe obtain the report?
It' USAl' personnel.
involved in the sightinga are indiscreetiy proriding this organization with
classified information, then the matter takes a serious turn. As an agitator,
Keyhoe's 'hethod of operation" is now well know: through the press, a demand to
the All Forcé for an explanation of some controversial UrO incident; the press'
statement that the Air force had "no imnediate connent," as in this case; and the
twisting of the Alr Force's connent to NICAPs adrantage.
5. It is not necessary to state that time is generally required for press
queries to move through military channels for data upon wiich to base a reply,
a fact
that NICAP in undoubtedly aware.
4 Incla
І. Су, пето, 3-1-52, те
bleting w/l Incl (u)
2. Cuit /2, DF; undtd, Subj: Radar
& Visual UrO Reported by FEAF (C)
156-29475-4-2)(1-31) w/3 InCIs
Inds 1 %: 3 unci, Incl, 2, Cy Incoming
IT FFIRQ-A-9605, 18 Dec 56 (156-29475-3)
(1-5p) (C)
3. ATIC Ims 164 & 1641 (sex)
4. Cy It, 29 Aug 51, subj: hey iat
Info -
Hopkinsvime Incident (Unc.)
Seetal ind. 1 0ot 57 N/ó incis i
CHESTER IL. LONG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Execulive
UNCLASSIFIED:*
CONFIDEN
Copy
Page
4 copies;
: 2-
of
i Pagean
757-277841

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 134, "chars": 1014, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CDEPARIMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
IDQUARTERS UNITED SIATES AIR FOICE
* WASHINGION 25g Do Co
APOIN
YHEMORANDUM FORS
I August 1952
ALL DIRECTORS OF INTELLIGENCE, MAJOR AIR COMMANDS
ALL AIR ATTACHES
COMMANDING CETICE, 1IL2D SPECIAL ACTIVITIES SQUADRON
SUBJECT, Protection Againot Pubilo Rolease of Sonsitivo Subject Matter
I. Reference 1a made tos
27 rely 1952..
9o Direstorato of Intelligence Pollay Lattor No. 205-1, dated
D. Diroctorato of Intelligence Pollcy Letter No. 205-2, datod
22 Milo 19520
20 On 29 and 30 Jely personnal of varlous Air Force Intelligence
notivities partloipatéa in pubito press conferences and radio broadcaste
to answor questions rolative to undontified aorlal phonouene.
Inde participation, contrary to stated POIN policy, was directed
by competont authority, Ior competent reasons.
It doos not indicate ary
change in the pollay stated in roferencos a and b above.
• BY COMMAND OF THE CATER CE STAFF:
Major Gonoral, USAF
Director of Intelligence
voy.
INTELLIGENCE DIVISION,.
MATERIEL
COMMAND

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 186, "chars": 1211, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ae NOE

ade OTe? ee

a , “: Fs] "t we !
wit - Pa

‘ et
i
ar 4g
£
hal . + i
4 %, “ “ i \ ¥
or . J
t t t Y ‘
‘ 1 F pi -
| ata
F +
aif
1 b 4 wa
al a
i *
° i
i . :
F] *
G Ff %
-
f a 3
“4
* "
a
¥ * ‘
‘
}
4 *.
" rs
' "ih ' i
, "i ” rae ‘ al
‘
' .
+ :
- * ar Z
: /
Vy
; Y
' *
' ‘ 4 C
* i F 4 i
has aed . 4
~ he ,
F a
nm . bd 17
, |
' : ;
¥ ‘ . .
‘ - A
. 3

4

¥
4
é,
fo
> aw
' _ + "h
+ 4
‘ "
* +
©
41 oh Py f
- r *
. % 5
thee ¥ i ;
Lon
o ata " “oF *
epee ¥ od
Hy ¥ ¢ %
* Pa vs
cs ae \
1 et oe
YY :
on t we
F
b ' $. r i °
2 ' r ha! 3
i rere eet ty | mn nytt ‘ "y
! iF hopes : rf, at we . DS ¥y 7 . t a i Le of +
ace H 2 rp Pe ,
F Sed As eae ora en we * ’ | x ' 1
7 tt ey i wee pa ie aan os
ny i" sie say oo vie? ye + af 7 + . + * +
yee ae one # Pees Aye fee oa "tp as Z Sort
- ’ io qn y" . t
. fe : L ‘ * t
re Paki Puig et oe if ~ aa “hag Et a ae Pa
I sae ane aye a sie * tee at. (r na 3 4 a
oy deste: een athe feet sie abs oe

eh mt ms has
ee Ae lek eo bey ea H agit Le bay The S44 hes weg Ase
oF obs male e 1, a = . . . r 1 tess a | ry hg +, see
i U4; ee ale iN aes eps ee wees ya oes as ai a eye at tad Zee en un ae ad ee . La so wes oN ‘

: . ae ray : obey i eds i ‘
eemrachanmcenpeate ai eRe oe meas Sin aes ; iP
