{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T11:43:53Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 452392, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116840-center-for-the-study-of-extraterrestrial-intelligence-cseti-comprehensive-assesment-of-the-ufo-eti-phenomenon-may-1991.pdf", "source_sha256": "16c43c203baf28240f8efc4a3d29044e9404a229f914970cb31179ec803f0536"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 451, "chars": 3080, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI
The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence
THE SETI COMPREHENSIVE ASSESSMENT OF THE UFO/ETI PHENOMENON - MAY 1991
A comprehensive analysis of the UFO phenome
non, as well as original research and experiences
Souphas orabled us to make me peeing
conclusions about UFOs, extraterrestrial intelli-
gence and their motives. The summation of this
analysis, which follows, is intended to assist both
groups and individuals in their efforts to understand
this complex subject. We have recorded only
those conclusions for which we have a high level of
certainty.
GENERAL CONCLUSIONS
•
Some UFOs are extraterrestrial spacecraft
(ETS) which are piloted by extraterrestrial
biological entities (EBEs) who originate on
another planet, and most likely another
star system.
•
More than one extraterrestrial civilization is
represented in the current activities involv-
• ing earth.
These
extraterrestrial civilizations are
working in concert and not competitively,
although there is some specialization in
function and activities for the various
groups. This indicates that there exists an
emerging or well established organization
for these groups.
These beings have bases within this solar
system and may maintain temporary
bases on earth, particularly under water.
While various reports and
speculations
exist, we cannot at this time definitely state
which planets or star systems are the
home bases for these beings. Any specific
information on this subject is very likely to
be incorrect due to the security consider-
ations of these beings.
That is, given
current human tendencies towards war,
aggression and violence, open disclosure
of their planets of origin would put these
© 1992, 1996 by Steven M. Greer, M.D..
lanets at potential risk should huma
nilitary interests unravel the energy an
propulsion technology of their craft.
•
The variety in sizes and shapes of ETS
observed is due to: a) varying civilizations
intelligence, earth environmental research,
central command and base operations,
energy generation and transfer, and hu-
man technology, military and space pro-
gram research and reconnaissance.
• •
Sudden and fully open contact with human
civilization has been avoided because of a
number of interrelated factors, including:
a)
The need to avoid an untimely
disruption of earth civilization,
including military, political, geo-
political, cultural, economic, tech-
nological and religious upheaval;
Risks to their own civilization and
"people" as well as overall mis-
sion, given human xenophobia
and tendencies towards violent
armed reactions.
c)
Up to this time, such massive and
open contact has not been neces-
sary, and has not been consonant
with their overall long-term mis-
sion and purpose (see "The
Question of Intent"), since their
purpose is not acquisition-oriented
or disruptive.
A plan is in place to allow for gradually
broader and deeper contact with human
society and individuals so that humans
may become accustomed to the reality of
other intelligent beings in the universe, and
so that needed research and observations
Page 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 3384, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI
The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence
•
•
•
..-
may take place on both sides. Limited but
increasing opportunities for bilateral and
human-initiated contact will occur in the
reasonably near future.
Sudden and large scale contact will occur
only in the event of a significant worldwide
emergency (man-made or natural).
While ETI observations and interaction
with earth is probably an ancient as op-
posed to purely modern phenomenon, the
marked increase in activity coinciding with
World War Il and the dawning of the "nu-
clear age" indicates that ETI are quite
concerned about this transitional stage of
human social evolution. They are particu-
larly concerned about human nuclear
weapons and technology, and potential
threat to ETI, although this is nominal.
These beings are further concerned with
our peaceful transition to a world society,
international peace, and the establishment
of a just, effective and representative world
government, expected to occur within 10 to
15 years or less.
"*.
ETI technology is strictly guarded by both
ETI and covert human agencies because
of its potential for military applications
which would greatly threaten world secu-
rty. It is imperative that this technology not
find significant human applications until
such time as the earth attains international
peace and an effective world government.
The US government, at least at the level of
a highly compartmentalized above top
secret group, has known about the reality
of these ETS and their occupants since at
least 1946. A strict secrecy and a world-
wide cover-up of these facts have been
maintained due to:
a)
•
fear of public panic and social dis-
ruption;
© 1992, 1996 by Steven M. Greer, M.D..
security issues surrounding possi-
ble military and technology appli-
cations of ETI technology, espe-
cially in the setting of a world be-
set with Cold War tensions and
competing interests;
c)
uncertainty and mistrust regarding
ETI motives and ultimate inten-
tions;
d)
embarrassment and loss of face
resulting from disclosures con-
cering how this matter has been
handled, such as the harassment
and ridicule of innocent civilians
and military personnel, the with-
holding of information from the
public and Congress, etc.
The US government possesses several
ETS and the deceased bodies of several
EBEs. While there is evidence to strongly
suggest that these agencies are attempt-
ing to reverse-engineer these craft, such
efforts have not been functionally success-
ful, although a number of secondary and
partial "discoveries" have resulted from
this research.
The nature of "reality" of these craft and
the beings has been incorrectly character-
ized by some as belonging to "another
dimension or reality" from this dimension.
Unfortunately, these statements are made
without fully considering what "this reality"
is. A more correct understanding is that
the Full Spectrum of Reality is a singular,
integrated one which may be perceived
wholly or in its various aspects, such per-
ception being entirely dependent on the
level of consciousness of the perceiver.
The various aspects of "dimensions" of this
reality, which are limitless in number, are
not restricted to or by time and space as
we know it commonly. These beings and
their craft belong to the same Reality as
humans; however, their advancement in
the realms of physical science and the
Page 2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 408, "chars": 2862, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI
The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence
•
science of consciousness have given them
competence in a broader aspect of the
Full Spectrum of Reality than is usually
experienced by humans. The differences
are not insurmountable, nor are they truly
fundamental; in fact, they are relative and
only temporary. While these beings are
utilizing and experiencing a broader aspect
• of the Full Spectrum of Reality, so too can
and will
humans, for we
are as
"interdimensional" by nature as they...
ETS energy and "propulsion" (or space
transfer) systems utilize principles and
laws of the physical universe not yet fully
appreciated by human science, and in-
clude:
a)
gravity/anti-gravity and electro-
magnetic/gravity technology;
b)
space energy and so-called
hyper-dimensional energy sys-
tems;
"")
mater/energy interchangeable
technologies; and
d)
possible Consciousness Assisted
Technology (CAT) and Technol-
ogy Assisted Consciousness
(TAC).
Some if not all EBEs have advanced men-
tal capabilities which include telepathy,
precognition, remote viewing and others,
indicating that they have developed the
"science of consciousness" to a degree
which parallels or surpasses their ad
vanced physical technologies. Humans
also possess these capabilities, but these
remain largely undeveloped by most hu-
mans.
EBEs are more developed or advanced
than humans in a number of respects, but
are not superior to humans as beings. Our
point of unity and equality with EBEs is in
© 1992, 1996 by Steven M. Greer, M.D..
our mutual existence as conscious, intelli-
gent beings.
While these various EBEs may have val-
ues and priorities which are different from
those of some 20th century humans, their
motives and ultimate intentions are non-
hostile and do not include the acquisition
or subjugation of the earth or its peoples
(see "The Question of Intent").
•
The establishing of a lasting world peace
and just and effective world government is
essential to the long-term ETI/human
relationship.
THE QUESTION OF INTENT
While not minimizing the strange and startling
aspects of this phenomenon which some humans
have experienced, our assessment of these visitors'
motives and ultimate intentions is that they are
decidedly non-hostile. Their primary operations
and activities center around:
General reconnaissance of earth and her
societies
•
Military (especially nuclear) observations
and assessment
•
Human social and psychological study and
observation
•
•
Observation and assessment of human
mental and spiritual development
Earth ecology research and documenta-.
tion, including documentation of earth life
systems, and mineral, plant and animal
specimens
Observation of human technology and
technological developments
Observation, active monitoring and, if
necessary, limitation of human space
programs, particularly those directed to-
_Page 3
:

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2639, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
CSETI
The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence
wards the nationalistic colonization of space
Careful interaction with humans to convey
certain information about themselves and
to accustom humans to their presence.
Our assessment is that these activities are derived
from several ultimate motives which include:
1.
Pure study and research of a rapidly de-
veloping intelligent species (humans)
during a time of transition to a world com-
munity.
2.
A needed increase in ETI knowledge of
world societies and human nature pre-
patory to future significant interaction,
which will be mutual in nature, and which
will eventually culminate in the introduction
of earth civilization into an interplanetary
network (this may require several centuries
to complete).
Preparatory activities for continued readi-
ness in the event that intervention is re-
« quired during a major world emergency,
such as a large-scale nuclear war. Such
interventions would be in the form of:
a)
interception and destruction of
Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles
(ICBMs);
b)
alteration of missile coordinates
and readiness; and
c)
emergency earth-based activities
when and where warranted.
The minimum intervention necessary
would be used, with the intention being the
preservation of earth as an inhabitable
planet with adequate human resources
remaining to sustain intelligent life here.
Emergency intervention in the event of an
environmental or geological catastrophe of
worldwide dimensions.
5.
9.
Preservation of earth species, including
human genetic preservation and/or aug-
mentation as a precaution in the event of a
worse-case scenario (see above).
Protection of space from hostile or military
utilization by human national interests.
ETI self-protective interests, insofar as
humans have a strong recent history of
coupling marked aggressiveness with
rapid technological development; in this
setting, monitoring and perhaps even
limiting human capabilities may be impor-
tant to ETI security - human evolution to
world peace, non-aggression and world
government would remove this motive as
well as several of the motives listed above.
ETI short- and long-term goals related to
the attainment of a significant human
paradigm shift from one of fragmenta-
tion/separation to one of unity, to include
the unity of science and religion, world
political and eventual spiritual unity, and
universal unity.
This paradigm shift is
dependent on the development of human
consciousness, which is of particular inter-
est to ETI; and
The preservation and advancement of
intelligent life in the universe.
© 1992, 1996 by Steven M. Greer, M.D.
Page 4
