{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T03:46:16Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1047344, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116849-unless-otherwise-directed-unod-final-letter-to-senate-congress-dec-14-1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "316583d787ac1d43dd0c988b8aea55f59b5c6f0d34f8cc2cbab18aa102472c9b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 320, "chars": 2273, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
14 December 1997
Dear (Senator/Congressman(woman)),
For the past seven years, CSETI (The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence) has
been collecting scientific evidence on the matter of extraterrestrial intelligence and so-called
UFOs.
We have identified a substantial amount of irrefutable evidence as well as the testimony of over
100 military, intelligence agencies' and civilian government witnesses who have held Top Secret
(1S) clearances, many of whom were additionally cleared for access to Sensitive Compartmented
Information (SCI). These witnesses have personally witnessed or been involved in covert
operations related to this subject or events of an unambiguous extraterrestrial nature (see
enclosures).
The implications of this matter transcend the interests of any given branch or agency of the US
government, and impact numerous interrelated areas, all of which affect national security,
governmental function and finances and government accountability.
In general, the US government and its legal representatives are excluded from briefings and
developments impacting this important area - a situation which we feel is unconstitutional,
dangerously avoids Congressional oversight, and which must be corrected as soon as possible.
In meetings which I have had with a sitting CIA Director, members of the Senate and House of
Representatives, the Executive Branch and senior military representatives in the Pentagon, I have
found that, while there is interest in the subject and general support for a disclosure regarding the
existence of extraterrestrial life forms, there is an almost universal absence of information
available to these leaders.
The implications of excessive and undue secrecy surrounding this issue should concern every
member of Congress who is charged with upholding the integrity of the U.S. Constitution and the
rule of law. The subject itself has vast implications for world peace, science and new technologies,
the environment, the economy and geo-politics (see enclosed paper "Implications of an
Extraterrestrial Disclosure").
CSETI is hereby formally asking your committee to convene open hearings on the subject of
extraterrestrial intelligence beginning with the next term of Congress. We are prepared to provide

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1617, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
you with a substantial body of detailed briefing materials in addition to those enclosed, as well as
the names of bona-fide first hand military and intelligence witnesses who wish to testify under
oath before Congress. These heros of our country are eager to inform the Congress and the
American people of what they know first-hand regarding this matter.
We respectfully ask that you reply to this request and answer the following questions:
>Is your committee willing to receive a preliminary briefing on this subject?
>if not, why?
>Is your committee willing to allow open, publicly accessed hearings on this subject?
>If not, why?
CSETI and its worldwide network of military witnesses, scientists and researchers are ready to
provide you with a full briefing on this subject at your earliest convenience. We feel the American
people, and the people of the world, deserve to know the truth of this matter.
We request that our elected representatives assert their constitutional rights on behalf of the
American citizen to be provided a full, reasonable disclosure on this matter in the next term of
Congress.
Sincerely,
Steven M. Greer M.D.
Director of CSETI
enclosures:
1.CSETI Briefing Document -CSETI Assessment and Position Papers and U.S. Government
Documents related UFOs.
2. Videotape of Military Witnesses' Testimony from 9 April 1997 Washington DC CSETI
Briefings for Congressmen and others - Confidential.
3. Videotape of Images of UFOs/Extraterrestrial Vehicles.
4. Audiotape and Transcript of Edwards Air Force Base pursuit of UFOs, 1965.
5. Report on the CSETI Washington DC Briefings of 9 April 1997.
