{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T19:04:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1846890, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116835-mn-edge-article-greer-february-1998.pdf", "source_sha256": "4b4c6cc3b81a52691d07b5ec0209086acde1406746d5dd571d54022a7b0a7149"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1616, "chars": 10747, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ETs, Zero Point Technology
& the Future of Humanity
An interview with Steven Greer of CSETI on an issue
that could our affect our ability to achieve peace in our lifetime
BY TIM MIEJAN
And I guess the piece de resistance is the 150 or
t used to be you could laugh about UFOs
so top-scoret witnesses whom we have identified
and extraterrestrials, brushing them off as
in the past seven years
These are 150 Deep
science fiction
Space invaders.
Martian
attacks. Even E.T. phoning home. But no
Throats,
whose information is more explosive
than what Woodward and Bernstein had in the
one's laughing now that new evidence is
Walergate era. These are people who want to
being brought forward to substantiate not
come forward and discuss what they personally
enly the existence of extraterrestrials, but
have seen and done in their capacity as govern-
that a covert, international effort has been in
ment intelhigence
officers or military
place for the past 50 years to keep the subject
officers
related to the UFO subject
under wraps.
These are all people involved in unambiguous
Witnesses are now willing to step forward-
events. By that, I mean they aren't just people
should the public exert enough muscle to prompt
who have transiently seen a blob of light do some-
Congress to hold open hearings on the issuc-to
thing in the sky
These are people who were up
testify that technology reverse
engineered from
close and personal to very unmistakable extrater-
extraterrestrial space craft has been produced and
restrial events.
is now fully operational. Using zero point energy.
unidentified groups of people have reproduced
alien space craft and have flown them in our air-
space. This technology produces no pollution and
is limitless. IT used for peaceful means, it would
effectively eliminate our global environmental cri-
Sis forever.
The problem is, the technology is being kept
from our elected government and the public at
large. As disclosed recently in a New York Pus
article by Deborah
Orin,
former Justice
Department official Webb Hubbell, a friend of
President Clinton, revealed in his new book
Friends in High Places that he was effectively
stonewalled in getting information for Clinton on
I'm afraid for humanity.
A subject like this being
basically hijacked by
covert military and
industrial interests is a
danger to our future."
STEVEN GREER
extraterrestrials.
Steven Greer, M.D., international director of
the Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial
Intelligence (CSETD). has spent the past seven
years proparing the case against this covert activ-
ily and feels he is now prepared to take his case
Have any of them been Involved the creation
and testing of the ARVe?
Greer: Yes. We do have such witnesses. They are
very frightened. Contrary to what people may
think, people have been threatened and people
have been killed to keep this subject quiet. In my
opinion, there is a very unfortunate criminal cle-
ment that has done some pretty heavy arm twist-
ing to keep this subject out of the public domain
during the past 50 years.
These witnesses have a great deal of concern
for their pensions, for their own safety and for
their families. And we're asking the president,
and Congress, to be sure that they have profection
in place and that they can be properly subpoened
under the immunity conferred by
Congress so
they can talk about these events and projects with-
out any fear of repercussion
One of our projects is getting this information
disclosed in a proper format
public.
Greer is not alone in this effort. Among those
now speaking out for fuil disclosure on the ET
issue are Apollo 14 astronaut Edgar Mitchell, the
sixth man who ever walked on the moon
and
founder of the Institute of Noetic Science. Both
Mitchell and Greer recently appeared on the Art
Bell "Coast to Coast" program:
Steven Greer: "Here we are of the millennium,
and as a people we need to stand up and con-
sciously contemplate what will be our future, nor
only on earth but in the cormor. / think we need to
choose one thor's peacefed and not one that's violent
and secretive and very dangerous."
Edgar Mitchell: "This is exactly the message /'ve
been talking about for abour 25 years, Steven.
He
must shift shat idea. It's a subtle, subtle condifion-
ing that's going on to prepare us for the idea thar
we do carry this warlike activiry into space"
As you will read in an exclusive interview con-
ducted by
The
EDGE with Steven Greer, the
implications for humanity
if such
technology
exists and remains in the hands of the under-
ground military industrial complex is unthinkable
The EDGE: What is the truth about UFOs and
advanced
extraterrestrial civilizations from
CSETI's perspective?
Dr. Steven Greer: There's no question that UFOs
exist and quite a few of them are extraterrestrial
devices. And at the same time, we know there are
devices that have been reverse engineered from
extraterrestrial devices, which are actually
human manufacture. There are human and
extaterrestrial devices that look very similar.
I point this out because there is tremendous
confusion on the issue. We know that some of the
major acrospace
forms,
under super
secret
"black" projects, have studied retrieved extrater-
restrial devices and, having made some very good
breakthrough in the technologies, have come out
with copycat versions of them made by humans.
UFO is a term that describes anything that is
unidentified. I think it's imprecise. I prefer to use
the term extraterrestrial space craft-and ARV,
alien reproduction vehicle, the term used in the
business for the product of reverse engineering
studies.
We have
overwhelming evidence that these
ARVs exist. We have crystal-clear daylight photos
that have been independently studied by people at
NASA. We have 4,000 landing trace cases.
We
have 3,500 cases of pilots, both military and civil
ian, who have made reports, many with radar lock,
onboard and ground radar. Contrary to popular
perception, literally dozens of videotape, movies
and photopraphic images that have been taken all
over the world and have been studied indepen-
dently. They clearly show these objects and they've
been studied by scientists and forensics people and
have been established as not being hoaxes
There are thousands of pages of government
documents, the best of which, about 250 pages,
we put together in a briefing document. They are
smoking guns in this issue, the fact that the gov-
ernment has been widely involved with it since the
*405
Do you fear for your safety?
Greer: No. I'm not someone who is a fearful per-
son. I guess if I were, I would be. To be frank,
that's not within my paradigm. Im not someone
who is frightened casily, if at all. 1 was very sick
when I was a teenager. I had a near-death expe-
rience. I had an experience of the reality of the
continuity of life after death. And I'm not afraid
of these sorts of things, and I've said so to the
head of Army and other intelligence who've tried
to do their own version of arm twisting with me
I think the bigger issue is that I'm afraid for
humanity. A subject like this being
basically
hijacked by covert military and industrial interests
is a danger to our future. On the other hand, we
have the very bright prospect that if this can be
changed, that humanity can begin to interface
with these non-human life forms in a peaceful
fashion, and these fabulous technologies that per-
mit interstellar propulsion, travel and communi-
cation can begin to be brought to bear to benefit
humanity.
For example, I've always been very environ-
mentally involved. And I have recently been meet
ing with
people from NASA and the National
Science Foundation about the issue of global
warming and climate changes have to tell you
that all of the proposals on the table, at the best.
are tinkering at the edge of a very serious, funda
mental problem. The fundamental problem is that
see GREER/page B
For a free copy of the full interview, and a sample letter to send to Congress, visit keyword
MN Edge on America Online, or send a self-addressed envelope with 55 cents postage
to: The EDGE, P.O. Box 10404, Kansas City, MO 64171
FEBRUARY 1998 THE EDGE 7
Contacts
in Congress
The Center for the Study
of Exdraterrestrial Intelligence
and other groups request
that you contact the following
Congress-ional commitees
to request that they hold
open hearings on the issue
of UFO secrecy and the ET
presence These are listed in
order of importance Contact
the first three if that is all the
'time you have
• Hon. Dan Burton, Chair, House
Commutien on Government Retorm and
Oversight. 2157 Rayburn House Office
Bulding, Washington, DC 20615-1202)
225 5074, ta (202) 225 3974
• Hon, Porter S. Goss, Char, House
Permanent
Select
Committee on
intellipence, H405 Capfol Building
Washington
DC 20515 1202) 225
4121. tax 202) 225 1991
• Sent Richard Shelby, Chair. Senale
Select Committee on Inteligence. 211
Hart Senate Office Building, Washinglon
DC. 205106475-(202) 224 1700: tax
(202) 224 1772
• Sen, Fred Thompson, Chair. Senate
Committee on Govermental Altairs,
340 Dyksen Senale Office Buldin
Washington, DC 20510(202) 22
4751. tax (202) 224 5600
• Hon. Floyd Spence, Char, House
Committee on National Security 2120
Rayburn House
Office
Bulding
DC 20515(202) 225
4151, tax (202) 225 9077
• Sen, Strom Thurmond, Chair,
Senate Committee on Armed Services
228 Aurel Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 205106030(202)
224 3871, ta (202) 224 3787
• Hon F James Sensenbrenner dr.
Char. House Corumthen on Scente
2320 Raybum House Ofice Bulding
Washington,
DC 20615-6301-202)
225 6371, l (202) 225 0891
• Sen Bal Frist, Char Succommitte
on Scence. Technology and Space
423 Hart Senate
Office Bulding
Washington, DC 205106125 1202
224 8172 tan (202) 228 0326
• Hon. Dana Rohrabacher, Char
on
Space
and
Aeronautica, 2320 Rayburn House
Office
Bulding
Washinglon,
20615-(202) 225 7858, tax (202) 22:
6415
• Sen Jesse Helma, Char, Senate
Committen on Foreign Relations, 450
Dirksen Senate
Office
Bulding.
Washungton, DC 20510-6225 1202)
224 4651; fax (202) 224 0836
• Hon. Benjamin A. Gaman, Char
House Cormitee on Internatoral
Relations, 2170 Rayburn House Cric
Bulding, Washington, DC 20515-202)
225 5021; tax (202) 225 2035
• Sen. Frank Murkowtki, Cha
Senate Commition
on Enerzy an
Natural Resources, 364 Dirksen Senan
Office Building Washington, DC 205 0
6150-(202) 224 4971. tax 202) 224
6163
• Sen, John Chafee Char, Serule
Committen on Enworment and Public
Works, 410 Drkser
Senale Chice
Bulding, Washington, DC 205106175-
(202) 224-6176, tar (202) 224 2322
•
Hon
Bill Archer, Char. House
Commee on Ways and Means, 1102
Longworth
House
Office
Buldng
Washington
DC 205154202) 225
3625, (202) 225 5680
• Sen Ted Stevens Char Serat
4:3e on Aprators 518
20015 2031234 24 4.200

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1907, "chars": 11386, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
B THE EDGE FEBRUARY 1998
Greer
continued from page 7
we utilize fossil fuels and internal combus-
ton engines for virtually all of our energy
generation on this planet. That's the prob-
On the other hand, we know from wit-
nesses that we have, as well as from what I
have personally observed, that there are tech-
nologies which resulted from study of these
extraterrestrial devices that permit the gener-
ation of huge amounts of power-for propul-
sion and electricity-that do not involve inter-
nal combustion and put out no fumes or pol-
lution.
These technologies are fully operational.
They are not theoretical. Yet, they are in
ultra-secret black projects.
One of the most important men in aero-
space history, a man named Ben Rich, head
of Lockheed Skunkworks,
wrote a book
called Skunkworks, which 1 recommend your
readers take a look at. Before he died of can-
cer, he gave a talk at UCLA.
One of my
leam members was at the talk, and after-
wards, Mr. Rich had about 15 people stand-
ing around him.
Ben Rich, who had been head of these
ultra-secret
black projects at Lockheed,
turned to the group and said, "We already
have the means to travel among the stars.
But these technologies are locked up in ultra-
secret black projects-and it would take an
act of God to ever get them out to benefit
humanity." And everyone's mouth dropped
ореп.
But we know this is true. The fact that the
major media and politicians are side-stepping
this issue is as much a crime as the fact that
it's been hidden from the public. Because,
meanwhile,
these people are basically fid.
ding while Rome burns. You have this mas-
sive deforestatation, air pollution, water pol-
lution, global warming, polar ice cap melting
and so on, and we already have the solution
to that for a civilization that could be sus
tainable without creating this type of pollu-
tion. We have it in our society, but it's in
black projects.
It's truly a great scandal here and it needs
to have some very serious attention given to
it. We think the
way to resolve that is
through a series of open Congressional hear-
ings. We've spent four years meeting with the
CIA director, members of Congress, mem-
bers of the Senate Intelligence Committee,
the White House staff, UN leadership, the
Boutros-Ghali family. You name it, I've met
with them and this issue has been discussed.
There's wide agreement that there should be
a change away from the kind of secrecy that
exists, toward disclosure.
The question is, is
there anyone out there with the courage to
take the issue on and get it done? That's
what we're looking for.
In that sense,
I've very concerned for
humanity's future. And it does, in a sense,
frighten me that something like this can go
unaddressed for as long as it has when, on
ine one nano, u nolos so mucn promise to
humanity. On the other hand, if used in a
militaristic and abusive way, these technolo-
gies are very dangerous. This brings up some
We're at a crossroads in our civilization
We're either going to evolve to a peaceful
and fairly well-integrated global village or
replace the international tensions we've had
in the past few centuries with interplanctary
tensions? Certain militarists and
industrialists would like to have us replace
for planet Earth and how do you establish
some kind of relationship with these life
And you have these covert, disfunctional
programs that have become Frankensteins
that, quite frankly, have gotten up off the
table and walked away. The government of
the United States is going to have a very dir
ficult time reining those Frankensteins in.
There's a very serious danger here, with all
the stuff coming out of Hollywood like
Independence Day. They have within them
the seeds of a very virulant form of xeno-:
phobia (fear of strangers) that could lay the
foundation for replacing super-power ten-
What will it take to bring those people run-
ning the covert operations to light?
Greer: We have that ability now. What it will
take is some subpoenas from Congress for
If people think the Cold War was expen-
sive, they should begin to look at the price
tag for militarizing space. And I'm telling
you that this is what's happening. A lot of
technology is going into programs that are
tracking and targeting and attempting lo
destroy these extraterrestrial vehicles as they
We have three categories of witnesses:
• Level One witnesses are those who are
ready to step forward right now and have
done so at a private briefing I conducted for
members of Congress on April 9, 1997.
* Level Two witnesses are equally willing
to come forward, but they don't want to do
it until they have the protection of immunity,
a subpoena from Congress and that venue
from which to do it, because they are afraid
nesses who can verify that that has happened
and that we have hit them on a few occa-
If there is only a 10 percent chance that
this is true, this is one of the most serious
threats to world sccurity-ever. And it's total-
ly unnecessary. In my opinion, it's the result
of this whole issue being managed exclusive-
ly in a covert fashion. Therefore, it has cir-
And
diplomatic channels, that would be at our
disposal as a people.
In Eisenhower's most famous speech to
the world, the last speech to the nation as
president, January 1961, he warned us of the
potential excesses and abuses of power of the
military industrial complex. And the reason
he did-of course, he was a five-star general
• Level Three witnesses are those who
would be best-described as hostile witnesses.
They are those who we know have been
deeply involved in these programs and would
prefer to not have it known that they have
been involved. But we know who a number
of them are. And we have multiple points of
corroboration to establish that they are and
have been involved in these problems.
Now, this becomes problematic, because
whose chairman of a powerful committee
who's willing to have a hearing. I'm having
conversations with those types of committees
now. We have succeeded in convincing some
of them that the subject is real. What we
them to hold open hearings. What we need
the public to do is contact the chairman of
these committees and request that open hear-
president-was because he had seen these
abuses, up close and personal. And by the
way, it related to the UFO issue. It related to
the fact that there were ultra-secret projects
that evolved in the '40s, '50s and early *60s
that he knew about, and he knew they were
lying to him about what they were doing, the
amount of moncy being spent on them, the
types of technological breakthrough that had
ensued, even events that were happening
related to these extraterrestrial vehicles.
We know Eisenhower knew this was being
withheld from him, because we have a wit-
ness who was in Army intelligence assigned
to the White House who knew the president
and knew the president's concerns. He's will-
ing to testify under oath before Congress
cseti.org) a list of 15 comittees and they are
triaged according to what is most important
to least important. People can write or call
those congressmen and express their desire
that these committees take place. Now, what
1 have been told, by members of Congress, is
that regardless of whether they think the sub-
ject is valid, unless it has the interest of the
public, and the media, there's going to be lit-
le incentive to take the political risk of hold-
These congressmen need the cover of the
That takes away some of their fear of step-
ping forward to have the hearings.
The story seems much larger than just
keeping the evidence of extraterrestrials
Greer: The story is multifaceted. You've got
the extraterrestrial phenomenon itself. Then
you have the implications of humans inter-
acting with extraterrestrial life.
the whole diplomatic question of who speaks
"The public and media are really making an
issue of this, and as their representative, it is
appropriate for us to take the time and gov-
ernment money to hold a hearing and get to
It is very important in a democracy that
people not just sit back and look at the boob
tube and get off their derrieres and write a
letter and call these people and say, "Look,
this is an issue we also think is important and
we would like to see you hold these public
hearings." That is how a representative gov-
ernment is supposed to work. It's not going
to happen with people just zoning out in
Is there a high enough percentage of the
public that is willing to do that?
Greer: We know that between 60 and 70 per-
cent of the public believes the subject is real
and that the government is lying to them,
that there's some covert program going on.
Ten percent of the public-26 million peo-
ple-has seen these objects, and they all have
family members and friends who have heard
This subject is not a minor thing. I point-
ed out to one of the president's friends that
more people believe this subject is real, and
that the government is hiding information
about it, than voted for the president in both
of his clections. My point is that, yes, there
is a constituency. Whether the constituency
is motivated cnough to exert that kind of
political muscle is another question.
If not, then it's going to be incumbent
upon my group, and quite frankly, myself as
the leader of the coalition, to privatize the
disclosure process and bypass Congress.
Greer: It can be done with about 55 million
and private funding for documentaries and
funding. It would be a very lucrative propo-
sition for someone who had enough acumen
to see the value of it. But there's no question
that we have the ability to do it. It is not the
preferred way to do it. We have spent four
years meeting with senior government offi-
cials and members of Congress. Now we're
If there's not some kind
motion toward a commitment to have these
open hearings, then you're either going to let
the government delay the process of disclo-
refusing to hold the hearings or
you're going to say, "No, that's not going to
happen. We, the people, are going to bring
We're not talking about renting a ball-
room in a hotel to make an announcement.
This will have to be driven with a very pow-
erful multimedia push, and that cannot be
done on 53.85, which, by the way, is how
we've been doing these other initiatives. l
have injected about 52 million of my own
time and money into this effort to get it
done. We've had some small donations from
Laurance Rockefeller and Burl Ives and
some others who have an interest in the sub-
If you're not going to have Congress hold
these hearings, then you're going to have to
have the infrastructure in place to investigate
each witness, get them into documentaries
and get these documentaries on the air. DG
The conclusion of this interview will appear
in the March issue of The EDGE. We
encourage readers to tell others and
bontec membels of congress.
Quivira Chiropractic Center
Pain Management • Acupuncture -Physiotheropy
Chinese Botanicals • Ayurvedic Bolonicals
6487 Quivira Road
Dr. Greg Cheney
Chiropractic Physicion
Shawnee Mission, KS 66216
(913) 268-9205
TAROT CARDS
INCENSE
CRYSTALS
JEWELRY
CANDLES
MUSIC CDS &
CASSETTES
READINGS
CLASSES
MASSAGE
4 Care do Duang of Bod Boy
Life & Light
10920 Shawnee Mission Pky
Shawnee, KS 66203
9131268-1460
email LIFELIGHT?@AOLCOM
WESTERN PRINTERS, INC.
WEa PRINTING SPECILISTS
• WEENLY NEWSPAPERS • SHOPPERS & PERCOCALS
PO. Box 550
MoNTeVIDEO, MN 56265
GEORGE "ANDY" KAHMANN
PLANT MANAGER

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1741, "chars": 11380, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ETs, Zero Point Technology
& the Future of Humanity
The conclusion of an EDGE interview with Steven Greer
of CSETI on an issue that could our affect our ability
to achieve peace in our lifetime
This is not something that can be allowed to go
forward for much longer. I think it is a threat to
There are some vested interests
national security and world security.
D
Carolina," has single-handedly created
a campaign for full disclosure of what
he believes to be undeniable evidence
covert groups within the international military
Leaders of these covert operations seem to
In an exclusive interview with The EDGE, the
first part of which was published in the February
edition, Dr. Greer outlined the fact that eyewit-
nesses privy to covert use of re-engineered alien
technology can testify that such knowledge has
been long withheld from the international com-
munity in general and elected governments in par-
Dr. Greer, international director of the Center
for the Study of - Extraterrestrial" Intelligence
(CSETT), is calling for a public campaign to
encourage Congress to hold open hearings on the
subject. But he notes that the covert operations
are international in scope.
"This is a global problem," he says, "not just
for the United States. We have witnesses from
Russia, England, Brazil and all around the world."
Greer: It's complete. One of the conversations 1
had at the Pentagon with a Joint Chiefs of Staff
official, a senior admiral, took place in the past
two months. Former astronaut Ed Mitchell, who
walked on the moon with Apollo 14, was with me.
Eisenhower's military aide was with me. My mili-
tary advisor who has personal knowledge of the
subject and whose grandfather was the first head
of NASA was with me. And we all sat there and
laid out the evidence. The admiral was very shak-
en by it. He said he was horrified that this could
be true and didn't know about it. This man, one
of the most senior military people in our country,
and he didn't know about the subject because he
was not in that compartmentalized "loop."
And I said, "There's a problem here. What hap-
pens when a group of covert entities have tech-
nology capable of interstellar travel, that can do
bomber?" This is not a safe development in the
world. And I think, it's something that needs to be
relationship between humans and
extraterrestrials militarized,
because it would support the
continuation of an increasingly
large global military operation.
that would have these technologies, not for exclu-
sive military use or misuse, but for peaceful ener-
gy generation so we can evolve into a civilization
that does not have to cannibalize the planet in
order to have an advanced technological civiliza-
The EDGE: Are there governments in the world
that are more knowledgeable than ours, or
At this moment, we do not have a sustainable
civilization. And everyone knows it. I've talked to
Federal Reserve Board officials who have talked
to me about this. And yet, the ability to create that
does exist. But there are many vested interests that
would like that kept quiet. I presume if you owned
a $10 trillion oil field, the information I'm giving
you now would not be very welcome. And the dis
closure of these technologies would be unwelcome:
because oil then would only be valuable for the
creation of plastic, other substances and lubri-
Greer: No. They're all in the same boat. This is an
international covert program. For example, i had
lor a very frank discussion on this subject for a
couple hours at the home of former Ministry of
Defense head Lord Hill-Norton, the only living.
five-star admiral in the world, at his home in
Hampshire, England. And he told me that even
though he was head of the Ministry of Defense,
no one had ever told him about this subject. He
found out about it after he left office.
He, frankly, is hopping mad about it. He thinks
it's outrageous that in his position, with the House
of Lords, NATO head, that he never knew about
the subject in his official capacity. I believe he
found out about it because Lord Mountbatten had
a craft land on his estate in rural England, and it
melted a huge ring in the snow. And then Lord
Hill-Norton started looking into it as a private cit-
izen and discovered there were all these things
going on in covert military and intelligence that he
This is basically what has happened around the
world. It is a very questionable enterprise. I think
it is making a joke out of constitutional, represen-
tative government and the appointed officials of
I met for almost three hours with an acting
CIA director, Jim Woolsey, on Dec. 13, 1993. 1
was the first person to ever brief him on the sub-
ject. And I'm just a country doctor in
Carolina! This is not right. And believe me, this
was a very serious tête-a-tête, not an off-the-cuff,
whimsical inquiry on his part. And the subject was
taken very seriously. He knew the subject was real
and had made inquiries about it, but he had not
4 been told the truth about it.
Webster Hubbell, a good friend of the Clintons,
was appointed to the Justice Department.
The
president asked him to look into the UFO issue.
He did so,
but he was never happy
with the
answers
he
got because he
was
lied to-by
NORAD, by one agency and one military entity
after another.
It's hard to believe members of our elected
government don't have an inkling that there
Greer: There are some members who do. That's
part of the problem. I know of several members of
Congress who have personal knowledge of the
subject. In fact, I know of a couple who were at a
secret air show at Norton Air Force Base in
November 1988 at which an Alien Reproduction
Vehicle was test flown for them in a hanger. It lev-
itated for them and went up and all around. I have
eye witnesses to this event and eye witnesses to the
members of Congress who were there.
But these members of Congress, in my opinion,
are in all likelihood part of the covert manage-
ment of the subject. In that sense, they're proba-
There's a lot of greed behind this.
Greer: There's a tremendous amount of greed
and a tremendous amount of power. And I think,
fundamental to it, is a faulty paradigm-a para-
digm that is based on fear, mistrust of the human
race and in humanity, and a tendency to be afraid
of an extraterrestrial presence that they don't fully
control and understand.
And beyond that, there are manipulations relat-
ed to maintaining the status quo of the industrial
base of the world and the military raison d'être
(reason for existence). Let's face it: If you have a
situation in which there is global peace, and you
cannot resurrect a bogeyman or an evil empire in
space to justify a multi-hundred billion dollar mi-
itary and intelligence outlay, then it becomes prob-
If there are military programs in place
lematic as far as having a raison d'étre for a mili-
tary industrial complex.
that are mismanaging the issue.
There are some vested interests that would like
and trying to militarize space, that
: is a very big danger for the world
and it should be openly discussed.
On the other hand, you've got
extraordinary promise in terms of us
evolving into an interplanetary society.
Let me be clear. I'm not saying that there has
not been anyone who's ever been in government
extraterrestrials militarized, because it would sup-
port the continuation of an increasingly
global military operation.
All of that is based on a paradigm that I believe
is dysfunctional and needs to go the way of the
dinosaurs. We need to begin to look at these prob-
lems with a totally different perspective and avoid
this recreation of problems of the past as we step
• We're trying to drag an us versus
them" military perspective when we should look
who has known about it. I'm saying it's handled in
a very secret, black project way that bypasses the
normal oversight of Congressional committees, of
Our research indicates there is no evidence that
extraterrestrials are hostile toward humans.
may not be friendly toward our military based
presidents, of presidential appointees and so on,
which should be intact if you have a working con-
stitution.
If there are military programs in place that are
mismanaging the issue and trying to militarize
mean they're hostile toward humanity.
There is a tendency to be afraid of that which
we do not understand and that which we cannot
space, that is a very big danger for the world and
overcome, because it creates and sows the seeds
it should be openly discussed. On the other hand,
you've got extraordinary promise in terms of us
evolving into an interplanetary society. It's one
s00 GREER/page 22
MARCH 1998 THE EDGE 21
Contacts
in Congress
The Center for the Study of
Extraterrestrial Intelligence
and
other groups request that you con-
tact the following Congress-lonal
committees to request that they
hold open hearings on the issue of
UFO secrecy and the ET presence.
These are listed in order of impor-
tance. Contact the first three if
that is all the time you have.
• Han. Dan Burton, Chair, House
Committee on Government Reform and
Oversight, 2157 Rayburn House Office
Building. Washington, DC 20515(202)
225 5074; fax (202) 225 3974
• Hon. Porter S. Goss, Chair, House
Permanent Select
Committee
Intelligence, H-405 Capitol Building
washion,
DC 20515-(202) 225
4121; fax (202) 225 1991
• Sen. Richard Shelby, Chair, Senate
Select Committee on Intelligence, 211
Senate
Office
Building,
Washington DC. 20510-6475-(202)
224 1700; fax (202) 224 1772
• Sen. Fred Thompson, Chair, Senate
Committee on- Governmental Affairs,
340 Dirksen Senate Office Building.
Washington, DC 20510-(202) 224
4751; fax (202) 224 9603
• Hon. Floyd Spence, Chair, House
Committee on National Security, 2120
Rayburn
House
Office
Building,
Washington, DC 20515(202) 225
4151; fax (202) 225 9077
• Sen. Strom Thurmond, Chair,
Senate Committee on Armed Services,
228 Russell Senate Office Building,
Washington, DC 20510-6050-(202)
224/3871: fax (202) 224 3781
• Hon F James Sensenbrenner, Jr.
Chair, House Committee on Science,
2320 Rayburn House Office Building,
Washington, DC 20515-6301-(202)
225 6371; tax (202) 225 0691
• Sen. Bill Frist, Chair, Subcommittee
on Science, Technology, and Space,
423 Hart Senate
Office
Building.
Washington, DC 205106125(202)
224 8172; (ax (202) 228 0326
• Hon. Dana Rohrabacher. Char,
Subcommittee
on
Space
and
Aeronautics, 2320 Rayburn House
Office
Building.
Washington,
DC
20515-(202) 225 7858; tax (202) 225
• Sen. Jesse Helms, Chair, Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations, 450
Dirksen
Office
Building.
Washington, DC 20510-6225-(202)
224 4651; fax. (202) 224 0836
• Hon. Benjamin A. Gilman, Chair,
House Committee on International
Relations, 2170 Rayburn House Office
Bulding, Washington, DC 20515-(202)
225 5021; lax (202) 225 2035
• Sen. Frank Murkowski, Chair,
Senate Committee on Energy and
Natural Resources, 364 Dirksen Senate
Office Building, Washington, DC 20510-
6150-(202) 224 4971; tax (202) 224
6163
m Sen. John Chafee, Chair, Senate
Committee on Environment, and Pubic
Works, 410 Dirksen Senate Office
Building, Washington, DC 205106175-
(202) 224-6176, fax (202) 2242322
Hon. Bill
Archer,
Chair, House
Committee on Ways and Means, 1102
Longworth House
Office
Building.
Washington, DC 20515(202) 225-
3625; fax (202) 225 5680
• Sen. Ted Stavens, Chair, Senale
Committee on Appropriations, 5-129
Building.
Washington,
20515-(202) 224 4594; tax (202) 229
0542

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1949, "chars": 11752, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
22- THE EDGE MARCH 1998
Psychic Readings
by Steve MacDonald
Steve MaDonald is a gifted prychic who is considered by
many to be one of the most accurate readers around.
He has been profiled in People Magazine, Omn/ Agurioe, the
Chicago Tribune and the Camar Goy Star, and he has read
dor Shirley Maclaine and Marlanne Williamson.
Stere available for in-depth prate readings
by appointment.
(816) 931-0756
* Sancta Soplua Seminary
for study and
personal
growth in
the new era
In CelL Paris, AD
Academic Demand
Classes are open to all and include:
• Esoteric Christianity
• Anciert wisdom teachings
• Agne Yoga • Intuitive development
• Counseling techniques
•Spinitual science • Astrology
• Numerology
• Dream study
• Natural healing
- Meditation + Seven rays
Many more metaphysical classes
Certification, ordination,
and graduate programs available
Located in the spiritual community of Sparrow Hawk Village
22 Summit Ridge Drive, Tahlsquah, OR 74464
Call 800 386-7161 for more information
E-mail: Iocc @ sanctasophia.org * Web site sanctasophia.org
Light
Connections...
coming next month
see story page 4
Greer
continued from page 21
Have you found evidence of any extrater-
restrial contact by those operating the
covert programs?
Greer: There are reports of the landing of
one of these extraterrestrial crafts and the
emergence of some of these ETs at Edwards
Air Force Base in 1954 when President
Eisenhower was present. The extent of that
communiqué and involvement, I don't know
My sense is, there may have been some types
of approaches like that, bur very quickly.
secretive and
covert interests around the
world have taken that information and have
sat on it-and probably then misused it.
My own sense is that there is this terrible
irony that perhaps some very interesting tech-
nological breakthroughs have occurred as a
result of these initiatives and that they are
now being used to create devices and space
weaponry to target and destroy extraterrestri-
al vehicles. There's a huge history here that
we can only view through a glass dimly. But
this needs to be brought out. Regardless of
whether we ever find out the truth of what's
happened in the past, what we've got to begin
to look at is the future.
I don't believe the future consists of trad-
ing the Cold War for Star Wars. I don't
believe most humans want that. It is utterly
unnecessary. However, there are very power-
ful vested interests that would like to see the
situation manipulated in that direction, and
they range from right-wing, religious kooks
who are going to try to portray extraterres-
trials as demons to military industrialists who
are going to try to portray them as enemies
And all of them are going to have some kind
of agenda to try to make hay out of that
xenophobia. Calmer heads must prevail and
stand up and say.
"Wait a minute. This is
unnecessary, and we need to approach this
question of interspecies relations and inter-
planetary relations in a way that involves pre-
WELLISE
diplomacy, proactive efforts and
communication.
CSETI has pioneered that effort globally.
We are training teams to go out to where
UFOs are being seen and try to establish that
kind of rapport and communication. It's a
very experimental effort, but it's beginning to
work.
We've had some extraordinary encoun-
ters take place, up to and including landings
and near-landings of these objects a few hun-
dred feet of us.
- We're trying to move that forward so that,
even if the governments are too dysfunction-
al to deal with it, perhaps a citizen's diplo
macy effort could make some positive head-
way. By the way, I don't feel we need to get
permission from anyone to do that. I tell peo-
ple that they do not have to be like passive
cows in a pasture.
We are citizens of this
planet.
well
citizens
of the
United
States. There's no reason we need to sit back
and ask permission of anyone to attempt to
create some positive communication and rap
port with these life forms. It's actually one's
civic responsibility
to do that, particularly
when you realize there's as much dysfunction
as there is in covert and governmental circles.
The belief in the past has been that the
public would panic if the truth be known
about extraterrestrials.
Greer: Nonsense,
Aside from keeping extraterrestrial infor-
mation from the public, those operating
covert programs are keeping new technol
ogy from us.
Greer: A great deal of extraterrestrial devices
deal with the zero point physics or zero point
energies. And yes, there are huge covert inter-
ests keeping that quiet, because it is a multi-
hundred trillion dollar question.
You're talking about fully
operational
technologies that would replace every power
plant in America, every internal combustion
car, all the oil, gas, coal in the world. This is
not an insignificant impact. And yet, I spoke
with
economists with the
Federal
Reserve Hoard who said to me that if such a
thing really
exists-and after talking with
them for five hours they were convinced that
it does-they said it would be one of the most
promising things in the history of humanity,
even though there would be some short-term
economic winners and losers.
A person who has been with the Federal
Reserve Board for 30 years turned to me and
said, "We sit at our Federal Reserve Board
meetings and talk about the fact that we only
have 40 years of fossil fuels left before it's
Mad Max, fighting over the last lew barrels
of oil. And before that happens, the environ-
There are certainly understandable
- reasons for the behaviors of the past, but
•I don't think those can be projected and
•continued into the noxt century.
mental and ecological impact, and its eco-
nomic sequela, will be so severe we wouldn't
want to live on this planet anyway, before
you've burned the last barrel of oil.'
This woman went on to tell me, "If you're
telling me something exists to correct that
ultimate crisis that our society will have to
face, then this is very good news. And our
opinion is that the market will take care of
Like other revolutions in industry, certain
sectors of industry are put out to
pasture
while new ones come to create even more
jobs and prosperity. I think this is one of
those cases. However, if you were sitting on a
trillion dollar coal field, or S10 trillion oil
field: this is not really in your best interests.
And you are sitting in the catbird seat-indus-
trially, militarily, geopolitically.
Now, having said that, there's a bigger and
deeper issue.
This relates to some of the
geopolitical issues I talked to the CIA direc
for about. What happens when all of human-
ity realizes we're not alone in the universe,
and suddenly the Earth looks very small?
Humans must realize they are only one
species, even though there are all the races,
religions and such.
There are also geopolitical events that will
result from the proliferation of these tech-
nologies. For example, what happens when
every village in Africa, South America, India
and China can have a device that generates-
without pollution and being tied to an oil
pipeline-an inexpensive and limitless source
of energy, for manufacture, agriculture, clean
water, etc? Suddenly, areas that are now
barely out of the jungle, barely able to pre-
vent themselves from starving, will have the
means to have an advanced lifestyle and will
have the economic ability to become signifi-
cant players in the world.
That's where most of the population of the
world is. Where, then, does the geopolitical
balance till? It's going to tilt out of the white,
Northern hemisphere and into these other
areas. I believe this is the ultimate issue. 1
think it has a lot to do with institutional
racism, a lot to do with people feeling they
need to stay in control and not allow these
third world people to have the economic via
bility that we do. Let's face it: There's no way
all 5 billion people on this world are going lo
live the way you and I do, with cars, air con-
ditioning, heat, modern conveniences. It ain't
gonna happen.
So these new energy forms, which have
been studied and perfected in these covert
programs, much of it by studying extraterres-
trial devices, would totally alter the geopolit-
ical, economic,
social order in a way that
would change things forever. And I believe
that is a hot spot that has been studied and
analyzed very secretively, because I've had
conversations
with these people about it
That is something they don't want to have
happen, and are afraid of happening, because
they don't want change.
We live in a world that is incredibly
inequitable.
There
a huge disparity
between the haves and the have nots-and
that disparity is growing. And billions of peo-
ple live on the edge of a jungle-like existence.
This is not a sign of an enlishtened world. I
think that could be changed, but it would be
changed at a very significant price. Once
there is that economic and social empower-
ment in Southern hemisphere and countries
and continents, as well as in other Third
World and developing countries, the relative
power of United States,
Europe and Japan
would be very different. I think it would be
changed away from their predominance.
This change would require a very firm
commitment against international
and conflict, a collective assurity that it is
enforceable and an ability to allow a rising
tide to lift all ships, not just to lift the ships
Japan. So this becomes a very serious dis
cussion. There are ricocheting and reverber-
ating effects of this disclosure that goes way
beyond folks just saying,
"Gee, we're not
What I specialize in is looking at all of
these implications and articulating them. If
you begin to think about that, and how the
people who are in the catbird seat now look
at these things and say, "Oh, my God." It's
going to forever change the world as we know
it. There are people who would like to not
have that happen, but what I have to say to
"You need to let go and let this
cvolve." They are holding up the progression
of the human race, and it's a very dangerous
and inequalities in the world, which ultimate-
ly are going to come back to haunt us. There
are certainly understandable reasons for the
behaviors of the past, but 1 don't think those
can be projected and continued into the next
People do not like change. They don't like
change in the personal lives, professional
fives, economic lives That's understandable
but the fact of the matter is, there's going to
be change, but we're going to have to find the
best way to facilitate that change that will be
the least destabilizing to the masses of society
without being overly conservative to the
point that it withholds from humanity these
wonderful new energy sources and the infor-
mation that, indeed, we're not alone in the
universe. These are things that ultimately will
be very positive events for humanity.
I tend to be positive and don't get into
paranoia, but what you're describing are
people who are greedy fascists.
Greer: 1 think that is fairly true. In some
respects, some of the sensibilities that have
informed the management of this are very
much related to the Nazi and fascist perspec-
tive on human social and economic evolu-
tion. I say that with some trepidation because
people may take and run with that too far.
But there is a tendency in people in very
powerful positions to begin to view their fel
low humans throuch that kind of lens
However, I think some of them have been
very well intended. For example, many of the
people involved in these programs have not
known what all the issues are. They're just
cogs in the wheel. And you have to under-
sland that this is highly, highly compartmen
talized. The average person whomight have
been involved in some technology program
may not have known of the ultimate objec
tives
see GREER/page 23
