{"created_utc": "2026-08-17T19:13:29Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 8526867, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116938-project-starlight-book-chapter-3-pgs-194-249.pdf", "source_sha256": "f34efcd4d88399d9cac846d7e453344f52bd9a2cca9b22ce6e70d514b5f63a41"}

'/'   --
                  ~~~
                    ..

.~''         ~
                                                                           194

                     IS IT REAL'OR IS IT MEMOREX:

             Covert Operations and the Disinformation Game


In the 1940's the United States government and other governments were

perplexed by fighter planes in World War II encountering what has been-

called foo fighters. As mentioned earlier, President Truman engaged the

very famous ace pilot Doolittle to go to these areas and pursue these foo

fighters and figure out what they were. At that time he reached a tentative

assessment that they were inner-planetary spacecraft. The initial thought

was that they were German secret weapons. But then our      swfs   found out

that the Germans thought they were Allied secret weapons. And we then

concluded that they were neither German nor Allied and were, in fact,

something quite different.

The attempts to monitor and track these spacecraft began initially out of

understandable national security concerns. And, certainly by the time one

of these-t if s'crashed in 1947 near Roswell, New Mexico, as well as other--

places, it was felt that the technology behind these spacecraft     were    so


advanced that it would have important implications for national security.

And with the cold war, it was felt, that the proper thing to do was to hold

this under a very high classification.


And so began an era of, essentially, denial and deception and secrecy,
                                                                            195
 which, in its beginning, was understandable and, perhaps, defensible, given

 the exigencies of the time and the fears of the cold war and the nuclear

 arms race with the Soviets. Apparently, as this covert operation began to

~~t-more a~!-m         involved in the technology behind these spacecraft in

 the 50's, 60's, 70s     and 80's, the trend was towards increasing, not

 decreasing, the level of secrecy.      Counter to what most people would

 assume, the degree of covert handling actually has been increasing over

 the last few decades and not been decreasing. There have been attempts

 to contemplate releasing information about this by various presidents,

 including President Carter and, I understand, President Nixon         but they.

 ultimately have been sidetracked with various forms of rationalizations, and

 to be quite honest, deceptions.


 The implications of possessing technology from extra-terrestrial sources in

 terms of the balance of power in the world cannot be overstated'. '      ause

 the technology is so advanced fro        nything we are using. and involves

 energy systems totally unrelated to fossil fuels or nuclear power. It was felt,

.and continues to be felt, that this should be held very closely. We have a

 top-secret memo from the Canadian government stating that this was the

most highly classified subject in the United States government as of 1950.

 Now, that's now 45 years ago.         And these documents will be irK1hs

Appendix of the book.
                                                                                      196

        The covert operation initially engaged in fairly simple disinformation and

        what can be best calle       assive projects, of essentially putting out denials,

        debunking certain sightings or events as prosaic sightings of Venus or

        swamp ga       7                        t period lasted from the 4C1's    into the

        60( A primarily passive disinformation                                               ---a


        which is simply information put out that is false, or denials   which are issued
        in order to maintain       cover story R4-RaictR-secr           i   Certainly this

        information also included certain types of deliberate attempts to ridicule the
                                            i


        subject. The RobertsonParQ' ocuments from 1953ftt"CIA Robertson

        Pane/concluded that the subject should be debunked, and in fact -                           -

        recommended engaging Disney Studios and oche^ to produce films and

        other pieces of entertainment which would make light of the entire question,

                           vhat we might call the silliness factortsurrounding the entire --

        subject.


        That disinformation effort, which began in the 5 s if not sooner, was very

        successful. And to this day has influenced how 'pee                 scientists, the —'

    k    ublic, as well as the media view the entire subject matter. It has also been
1       helped along by the admittedly zany and bizarre behavior of the civilian

        population                          this subject. Specifically, UFO conferences

        and the books and videos where you can go and see people with antennae

        on their head'an        rapped in tin foiViand various other wild and bizarre
                                                                          197

behaviors, which do not add to the credibility of this subject matter.


But it must be remembered that the early period of disinformation was

controlled by, the best we can      a group which some believe was called        r


Majic or Majestic Twelve, and which apparently controlled     e-subject, made

policy on the sujecta i,1t1 the early days. apparently did brief the
          ate


president. It is known, for example, that Truman and Eisenhower were

aware of the subject; and from documents which are in the book, it is

obvious that John F. Kennedy not only knew of the subject, but had been

shown some of the debris and the bodies which were retrieved from the

crashed UFOs.


However, it is not at all certain that there was much control from the

president, even during the late Eisenhower and Kennedy years. And it is
                                     A
felt from our analysis and research that around 19          the entire subject

went into a special access operation, which be        to4trea       a manner

out of normal chain of command and out of normal constitutional controls.


The extent of these black projects far reaching and running into the many,

many billions of dollars. We know that the military and intelligence services

for years had specialized unit to respond to these craft; there were
                                                                          198

certainly reconnaissance efforts to monitor ET craft and also to pursue

them. There were many attempts to down these spacecraft so that we

could study their technology and also to interrogate and study the life forms.

The extra terrestrial life forms were being pursued, took evasive actions,

and defensive actions as these events escalated. And during the 50's and

60's, apparently, very serious attempts to monitor their behavior and

activities was launched worldwide.


We also know, for example, that the Soviet Union had a similar project.

And at one time, as recently as the early 80's, had their entire military

system and radar system on alert to look for these craft, to report them, and

to monitor any of the physical characteristics they could. This has recently

been disclosed from documents and witnesses who have come forward

from the former Soviet Union. There is no question that, therefore, the

various governments of the world in the early days of this extra-terrestrial

question engaged in extraordinary efforts to not only research it but to keep

it quiet and hide it from the public.


As mentioned before, the motives behind the covert operationdealt with the

risk of extra-terrestrial technology being known by other armhostile powers

on this planet; and the bigger problem of how to explain to the people

something which they themselves had not yet understood fully. ~.tfiere
                                                                          199

was a fear that if they were to disclose information to the public but not

have enough answers, that they would lose credibility and that it could be

pani i            ftcn41the decision was made than rather than risk any of

this, .that we would simply keep thW-quiet.                s mentioned, the

bureaucratic inertia that builds up around a policy once it is started is such

that after certahly' veral decades, it becomes very difficult to reverse.
           i~
         4(i this point in time, it is deeply entrenched and institutionalized.


The nature of the covert control group that's: currently managing these

operations, however, is extraordinary beyond belief. And I will be the first

to say that if no one believes a word of what follows, I do not blame them.

Because had I been told that I now know1a year ago, I would not have

believed it either. And, in fact, it was very difficult for me personally to

accept what f ?iow know and to confront the reality of this whole question.


To give you an idea of how advanced this covert process is, I will give you

a few examples. Fast forwarding to the last year or two, in efforts Trough

Project Starlight to brief various world leaders and to effect an

announcement on this that would be high-level, credible, so that the world

would at last be informed of what it should have known in 1950 had the

intervening clouds of cold war and covert operations not occurred, we met

with a number of governmental leaders, military leaders, intelligence officials
                                                                          200

and others.


(I ask that this information be confidential until the book comes out. I am

going out on a limb. And Shari knows what a limb this is.)


On December 13, 1993, a little over a year ago, through a member of our

strategy team who is head of a think-tank on national security in the

Washington area, I had a 2.5 to    hour meeting with the Director of Central

Intelligence, the head of the CIA. And one of the more astonishing pieces

of information which may be placed in this book as a piece of evidence, is

a FedEx I received from my liaison to the Director of Central Intelligence —

James Woolsey. F.e             ontact to     f        said, essentially, that -mss

Woolsey can't find out anything about this and doesn't know anything about

this subject And remember who we are talking about:

                                      IligencE     ead of all t   Intelligence

agencies, including the National Security Agency                           4e

  this point (had been in office nearly a year.         was informed that 1--'

would be the first person to brief the Administration and the head of the CIA

on this subject.


Now, aside from my initial shocdal & ismay~ and disbelief, there was this

deepening realization that something was drastically wrong; that the
                                                                                201

    President of the United States and his main intelligence advisor, the person
       n                &
    who) on a daily basis9upervises the creation of an intelligence summary for-        -

    the President, would be completely out of the loop on this question. People
                         t c~
    have asked me, ,cell, do you believe that he was simply denying                         -
                 h
    knowledge? and the answer is`$, I do notJ1             r tteam member, who is --•

    personal friends with him, is quite certain that he had no briefing. He was

    not 'read into' (as they say in military parlance), this project and this subject

    or the covert operations dealing with it.

                                                                   7
                                                     Al
    Subsequently, we put together a briefing which(Laurance) Rockefeller

    brought to the President's science advisor, Dr. Jack Gibbons
                                                                                            _
    physicist. He, also, had not been briefed on the subjec         new nothing of

    it. Andse~lo(re began to see that the normal mechanism of government, the--+

    Executive Branch, was completerut of the loop; and tlr the implications --.

    of this were vast and very disturbing.

    a4i#i®-fir

                                                             ;,kt became quite clear

    that we had a special access project, as it is called in intelligence parlance,
i


    run amok.        There was a complete breakdown in the normal chain of --w

    command.


    We also learned from a conversation with a, star general at the Pentagon- -
                                                                            202

at the level of Joint Chiefs of Staff, that he could not find out anything on

this subject and had to be briefed by a civilian associated with a defense

contractor. Through conversations with various past secretaries of defense,

we have found out that the same was true in other administrations to one

extent or another. It appears that Reagan and Bush had more knowledge

and connection to this than Clinton; and they also had more connection to

it than Carter, who had less connection to the subject and less briefing than

Nixon.


But the main point here is that the nature of the covert control group dealing

with this subject is outside of what you would normally think of as

governmental process. So when people say, what does the government

know about that subject, you really have to say that theyeally don't know --•

anythin , he normal government And in this sense, when the standard air
                                                n✓y


force officer or government spokesman says, We don't know anything about — -

UFOs, we don't look into it, it's of no interest to us, they are not lying. They

are telling you the absolute truth; because they are completely out of the

loop and the atmospherics surrounding the subjecthas been ridiculed, is so

full of discredited sense that,      Very few people take it seriously if they

do not know what is actually going on.


The last term that I heard use to describe this group way PI-40. I do not
                                                                         203

know what it means; we will use it for convention. PI-40 apparently has a

special status, is the most polite way to state this, and is really apparently

not accountable to the Executive Branch or the Congress or the American

people and have pretty much free reign over the handling of this subject.


I had a meeting with a gentlemen at the Senate Appropriations Committee

named Dick D'Amato. And Dick D'Amato is not the Senator D'Amato; he

is a staff investigator for the Senate Appropriations Committee and at that

time was the chief counsel to Senator Byrd, prior to the last election when

the Democrats lost control of that committee. Senator Byrd was Chairman

of the Senate Appropriations Committee. And I had a meeting with Dick

D'Amato in the Senate Appropriations meeting room last-y          in 1994 for

the purpose of discussing this. B.eca     w'e had found he was looking into

this as an effort to follow where the black money    as goin•,,(what'-called

the black budge     Beeau    ,rfi %'time of budgetary cutbacks, there was

great concern of where tens of billions of•rdollars were going h        were

completely unaccountec~}fe'. And it's the old adage, follow the money and

you find the source.       ifi this case, as he followed the money, W sort of    -

disappeared into never-never land. And, even with his top-secret clearance

and his subpoena power on behalf of the Congress, he could not penetrate

this operation.   In a conversation with him      er an hour or two in the
                                                                          204

Senate Appropriations Committee meeting room on Capitol Hill, he informed

me that we were dealing with the varsity team of all covert operations; that

these people play for keeps, and they know what they are doing, and they

are very sophisticated. Well, that has turned out to be an understatement.


As it turns out, as our assessment went on over the last 12 months,

essentiallyfwhat we have been able to discern about this control group PI-

40 is that it is a quasi-governmental, quasi-c    n, international group which

has complete control over this subject .and routinely denies to the

constitutional leadership of our country and others the existence of this

information and of this subject matter. Its funding is from both black covert

sources of funding within governmental budgets here and abroad and also

private funds from high-tech defense contractors.


The connection it has into the military and intelligence sectors of the US

government are still operative, but the military and intelligence sectors are

per se are secondary to the civilian control.     UAhe civilian control of this

subject seems to be preeminent. Over the last 10 to 20 years there has

been a large effort to privatize this whole question. And .various defense

contractors bictLa     llorking on reverse engineering, or back engineering,

extra-terrestrial technology really appear at this point to have the major say-

so in this whole question. Even the security surrounding facilities which are
                                                                         205

being          built and paid for, by these black funds are conducted by

Wackenhut and other private security firms, which are essentially private

armie~~               eh   e in ways which, I don'believe, intelligence or

military forces wouldA dare to behave.


The nature of this group as a quasi-governmental, quasi-civilian entity is

extremely confusing to people. But I relate to people an excellent "60

Minutes" expose which occurred last-monththe transcript of which we

have, which discusses a company called E-Systems.,,, AR          E-Systems,

which does a lot of electronic work for the National Security Agency, the

CIA, the DIA, and other military and intelligence entities of the government,

it was disclosed in this investigation is sert-oF'"a hybrid of a top-secret

government entity and a private corporation. And the more you look at it,

the more confused you become as to whether it is actually a civilian

corporation that contracts with the government, or is it part and parcel a

top-secret government front?


And, the fact of the matter is you can't tell, and nobody will be able to tell

you. R1Mfou try to penetrate it through government chain of command,

they will claim private proprietary interests. Anerafi you try to access it

through the private sector, they will stand behind top-secret governmental

clearance. And so, it is like a chameleon,         can wall itself off and be
                                                                              206
    essentially not penetrated by any attempts of the Executive Branch or l.he
                 '        r

    Con ress to—fi            information about it.   I hold that up as sort of a

    prototype example,.~Lth4lt~l~a much less_ sophisficatd         to   e, of how
1

    this entire subject is being managed by this covert control group.


woN       ththis assessment of the PI-40 covert control group on the ET question

    I have shared with a few individuals, one of whom is a European head of

    state who has a particular interest in this subject.         few months-ago

    after having corresponded with this gentleman, I met with him in New York.

    His name is Prince Hans Adam; he is the reigning Prince of Liechtenstein.

    Interestingly, prior to meeting with him l wrote essentially the assessment

    I've shared with you regarding the nature of this control group; that it was

    international, that it was quasi-governmental and quasi-civilian, but the real

    control point lay within the civilian high-tech proprietary sector. The letter

    which we have in our files from the Prince said,

           "I have received your letter and have reviewed it and essentially

           agree with the nature of the control group dealing with the subject

           that we are interested in."

    And the person is in a position to know this, by the way.


    I shared this same assessment with the Senate Appropriations chief

    counsel Dick D'Amato, and he concurred. I have since shared it with
                                                                           207

people who are 'read into' certain special access top-secret projects in our

government, and they have essentially concurred as weld That that is the ~-.

nature of this entity.


A recent conversation with a gentleman - who's name I cannot use here              -

       but who is wfrjair force office          special investigations, officer,

highly decorated      about 25 years ago was taken to Fort Huachuca
                                    6u d.k —
southeast of Tucson =nd          into if fas+titj'-'near that facility which is
                                             il
the headquarters for Army Intelligenc,     .was hown dead extra-terrestrial

      ^ as well as ET craft that were in storage therej11e also confirmed
bodies~

to us that a very large facility is being built in Utah which is only accessible

by air. There are no rods anywhere near this facility; and all materiel, land

moving equipment personnel are being flown in by cargo and are being

used to build this very large facility dealing with the extra-terrestrial

question.


He also said something quite interesting. Using words very reminiscent of

Mr. D'Amato's, he said,

   (You need to know that you are dealing with the big boys here."

And I asked him for his help in providing testimony on this subject. And his

response was,

       "I can't afford to incur their wrath."
                                                                             208
- n-
         was very frightened. He knows who some of them are; and he

says you are dealing with some of the most powerful people in the world,

if not the most powerful. And they have The other comment from this

gentleman was that the disinformation apparatus which they have is so

sophisticated and so effective that, he warned, they could bury u            they

wanted to, under a mound of disinformation. F3ere, referring to the Project

Starlight effort to mount a disclosure on the subject.         I told him I was

undaunted; I have heard this before. But the way in which he conveyed it,

and the degree of fear in this man's voice, who has very great bona fides

in terms of his intelligence connections and his involvement with this,

conveyed to me how very serious the covert group is about maintaining

absolute control over the issue.


As it turns out, a large part of the interest in that control centers less at this

point in time in national security interests as-4t--i#in proprietary and

economic interests as well as paradigm issues. You can imagine that these

corporations, EG&G, Lockheed, Martin-Marietta, Mc9~e ttd-Douglas,

Rockwell International, Bell Labs and other facilities that have done various

parts of the work on reverse engineering these ET technologies, would have

a very strong interest in maintaining their complete control over their access

to it. We are talking about the technology of the next millennia
                                                                         209
W                     iechnola      'fhat would make • •solete xxon, Shell

Oil, ConEdison, Boeing, General Motors . r - ..out every other Fortune 500

company you can think of              e implications are that, until they can

fully &   de?e the technology, they don't want anyone else acknowledging

that it's even out there to be investigated.


There is als   apparentlj strong motivation in maintaining control over the --"
                                           1


current paradigm in the world.          is speaks to anothernd,erhapsj/_

more complex reasoning behind the secrecy behind this issue. There is no

accident that the UFO field has moved from an area of reasonably valid, if

somewhat skeptical, inquiries in the 50s and 60'osi an absolut Wacky

endeavor in this point in history where it is associated with poltergeists and

the occult and witches. Even in the bookstores you see that it4l moved

from done          area of a bookstore to bets-t 4.-of1he same shelf with —'

channeling~a       th ghosts and poltergeis              have-y8/ This has

been a deliberate attempt to move the whole subject matter out of an area

of valid inquiry and concern for the planet into a fringe -and--.sect--4----" f

marginalized area.     And this has been extremely well orchestrated r


Part of the disinformation which is being deliberately floated on the subject

deals with an attempt to confuse the cosmology around it so that people will
                                                                          210

~at          these ET craft are not extra-terrestrial at all; but are, in fact,

demonic and are the manifestations of evil forces          ark forces. There

is a religious component to this that is insidious and rather subtle, which

keeps getting pushed out into the public view in various books and videos

and- wbat-havey&fas well as research emphasis in abductionism,

mutilationism, and these other isms in the so-called UFO field.           The
                 4
amplification of.wh1 h serve the augmentation of an assessrrmeht that there

are demonic forces that should be fought in a holy war between Earth and

these other planetary life forms. Ultimately, it appears that a sort of hyper-

religiosity that is creeping into this whole subject is driven by an attempt to

mobilize mass consciousness to oppose the extra-terrestrials, whether it be

for military reasons or for reasons related to religious belief of various

people.


The covert control group PI-40, at all costs, has attempted to maintain

complete control. They have not; there have been leaks. But, by and

large, they have been extremely successful in maintaining their grip on the

subject matter.    What is worrisome is the way in which they have

maintained that control. And we have learned, for example, that at one of

the high-tech contract firms in the Denver area in the last few months, there

have been two murders that five'beer - a look like suicides.           a have —

personal connections to someone working with that question. 'nd--that
                                                                                   211
there are desperate attempts to keep this               under wraps and to maintain

total control of the information.


I would like      ithout havtogo                   n elaborate history of this move --"

                   ssivey,i isinformation, which is essential)y putting out
from the concept o~ p

cover stories, denials, engaging certain publishers and entertainment

conglomerates to put out silly and nonsensical stories on the subject so it

loses credibility, encouraging certain types of evidence over another so that

it is discredited in the public view.         These are al4 •p.ass~e-3means of
                       :    _ t^ a-r32 tea e t_i   t'   (,              i   k     dL— .
disinformation. In other wordsAthoy                          ct   iorrnation where the

public is essentially sold a bill of goods througk                              loating _

information or denials into the public awareness.


There is another type of disinformation which we call active disinformation.

      ctive disinformation is actually the more effective.          .M kilf'iads to big
payoffs in passive disinformation and in influencing the UFO field, the media               -

and the public consciousness. Active disinformation is when a covert group

deliberately stages something to look like something it isn't, or deliberately

creates a scenario, or an experience for someone or for a group of people,

which is intrinsically deceptive and is designed to put people off the track

of the real action, the real course.
                                                                            212

This is when you really get into the question, "Gee, is real, or is it

Memorex?" For example, we have learned that there are technologies

using both electronic signals, implants, and other related             igtres to —

induce experiences in people to provide a certain bias in how people view

the entire extra-terrestrial presence.


As background, I would like to share with you what my military consultant,

who is a very trusted person in all this and has gone out on a limb quite far

to help us, shared with me. This individual has a top-secret clearance, has

done various briefings for the members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and has

been 'read into' what are called special access programs dealing with non-
                                                       4           &
lethal defense. Now, non-lethal technologies aie 9uphQr ieti           ll 1eaHel~

that; it doesn't mean that they're not harmful. But              technologies

which are quite advanced that are designed to provide either counter.-------

intelligence advantages or military defensive advantages(without actually(           )

the target., Seethe          one 1that people know about a          this sticky

substance that can be dropped on crowds of people to control them in riot

situations or to control them; it doesn't kill them, but it restrains them. But

there are others that deal with very sophisticated electronic technologies

which have gone through about 30 years of evolution and refinement since

the early to mid 60's, and perhaps even before that into the 40's or 50's; it's

not sure how long these have been used.
                                                                            213
 This military consultant shared with me the following. He said that he had

 been 'read into' a program using the euphemism, again, non-lethal

 technology that involved electronic devices which could be put into a panel

 truck or into the cone of a helicopter and which are so specific and so

 effective, that if they wanted an individual to have a personal conversation

 with their personal god, that person would have it, would believe they had

 it, and would pass a lie-detector test that they had had such an experience.

 This is all remote.


      ,.tf is is by using various frequencies. Without getting into a prolonged

_efanalysis of this, essentiallyft is using electronic frequencies to interface

 with brain-wave activity to not just induce certain states, but to induce

 certain experiences very specifically; and that these can be programmed.

 Now   ,a


            naval intelligence officer who also had worked with the Secret

 Service informed us tl'at these technologies were so sophisticated and had

 become so compact that they could be mounted on an antennae in a city

 or in an area and could be targeted to an individual house or building so

 that these    pebple   could have an experience which had been pre-

 programmed by the people running the device.


 I warned you at the beginning that this information is really more astounding

 than the fact that extra terrestrial life forms were landing on terra firma. It
                                                                            214

is really harder to accept this than it is the fact that we are not alone. But

we feel morally bound to share what we have learned; because it is

important for people to know this. And, we feel, it is critical that it not be

neglected as policy makers and the public look at the entire extra-terrestrial

question.


This.then brings in a bigger question. And that is how much of the data

that is put out into the UFO community and then into the public awareness

through TV shows, movies, and books can be deemed reliable. How much

of it is deliberately planted as disinformation?


And the answer is the preponderance. It is our assessment that the vast

majority, if not virtually all, abduction accounts are psycho-electronic,

remotely-triggered experiences which are deliberately induced for the

purpose of supporting a certain paradigm and a certain propaganda state

of readiness to engage the planet Earth in armed hostilities with extra-

terrestrial life forms.


The implications of this must not be underestimated. We have found that

numerous clusterings of abductees, as they are called, occur around army

and other military reservations and intelligence facilities and not surprisingly

within military families. More worrisome is the fact that there are a couple
                                                                           215
of policy makers known to us, and governmental leaders, as well as military

leaders, who have had children targeted in this fashion so that they would

be traumatized and would then be able to convey to their parent a certain

amount of        -a d anger over the whole question.


   ip-
.K/sycho-electronic and other devices that have been employed are not
restricted only to these kinds of experiences. But it is quite clear that there

has been an attempt i:o influence opinion, both in subtle and not so subtle

ways, through these :(active         disinformation techniques.

The passive techniques are effective to a point. But the active ones give

a certain validity to the assessment and the paradigm that the covert control

group is trying to get across to the public and, in this sense, is attempting

to influence mass consciousness.


We have also learned, and this has been confirmed to us by Dr. Altschuler

and others who have worked extensively in the area of so-called cattle

mutilations, that the vast majority, upwards of 85 to 95 percent of those, are

in fact covert, human, military experiments that are set up as decoy cases

from the real ones. And, also i lend a certain sensationalistic aura to the

field and a certain amount of fear and terror that, naturally, occurs to people

if they consider that there are ETs landing and carving up innocent animals.
                                                                            216
       ;erne of the concerns about this is that even within the civilian --.

 community there has been a            closing of the ranks a   Cheir own

~overup about this serf-~P'data. We have learned that for at least

 years thd"substantial segments of the community have known about the

 clustering of so-called abduction events near military installations and high-

 tech facilitiesf    that the cattle mutilations have similarly been clustered

around apparent cover^ nilitary programs, as opposed to anything other-

worldly.


The larger question is why would those things be done? Pn At appears
                       ±4J         4j
that it is being done becaus t_s     ►1oIt influence two things. First,

because the entire scenario seems so implausible, it immediately serves as

 a shield from "serious" scientists, institutions, and others who look into the

subjec - - . It causits own degree of implausibility and, therefore,

discredits the field. And it has been very effective in doing this. The st        d

[to Steve       second reasd]'is to        y" out a•parently into the mass

consciousness a certain mythology concerning extra-terrestrial life forms

which would support an assessment that some, if not all of them, are

hostile, are violating us, and therefore need to be resisted at all costs. The

natural beneficiaries of this would be and are the military industrial complex.

        e logical conclusion would be to see that, to the extent that people

are convinced and n a subtle wa      ?e influenced in a fear engendering wa ,+        .
                                                                           217

Their perspectives on the subject/o that extent       a public   hen the time

                would support a military, space-based buildup to fight the

extra-terrestrial threat.


Now these attempts and disinformation, apparently, are not limited to only

traditional passive and active disinformation, but also extend into what is

already a covert, albeit slow covert, war between certain forces and

technologies and these extra-terrestrial life forms. A       ntly as this week

I have had it confirmed to me from a very reliable AFOFI sourceand also

a naval intelligence physicis~that certain star wars technologies have been

trained on al    deployed against ET craft, and in at least two occasions have

successfully downed them.         We have also learned that there is, as

mentioned earlier, a psychic warfare unit that is based at Los Alamos and

which have cells elsewhere that are working on in non-traditional ways to

fight the extra-terrestrial presence and to set up certain conditions1both with

the extra-terrestrials and the world of mass consciousness on this planets '

certain dynamic that could prove to be very destructive.


A           ould like to think that these things simply could not be true. That

so much infra-structure and effort could not go forward without us knowing

about it.    But before we discount the possibility of this, we need to

remember that it was only '                         that an NBC investigative
                                                                           218
report disclosed that a large pro ram involving thousands of people during

World War II was         I to go into Latin America, Central and South —
                                            l
America, to kidnap people of German dec~t'and Japanese descent, bring-'--.

them back to the United States and inte hem into camps.                 ~e can

reference this for you; it's a very interesting investigative report.        at..-

4 a~was not known until     a.GM' J years after the fact, A~-a                       -----

hers-a        i~-I~ad=Been sing o C        i1t ii involved a large number of

people,'facilities~n    #ef-~Th               t          does not have nearly

the security surrounding it as this subject                And, therefore, it is

           lausible that these events have been going on and have been.

very well developed.


The act of disinformation technologies, which include psycho-electronic,

implant technologies, technologies to simulate cattle mutilations, are very

sophisticated at this point and have gone through several generations of

refinement and development.        ey are, however,-I-U JCl      ss worrisome, 'L

 s worrisome as they are) than the technologies which have been

developed that could be used to simulate what our military commander calls

"deceptive I's and Ws" (indications and warnings).            And this means
                                           /
                                           deceptive actions which could be -

used to convince national and international policy makers of ET events

which looked real, but were actually^ f
t
                                                                           219
We have learned of a contingency plan                      to engage in exactly

that type of a deceptive manoeuver that would cause and event of enough

credibility in know it appeare P'convince the National Security apparatus

and the UN Security Council that an ET force had attacked a military

installation, even though it was actually a covert, human military force

feigning an ET attack.


The problem with all of this is .that how do you begin to separate the real

from the Memorex, or the false gold from the real gold. Andiiebt      omes an

extremely complex and difficult tas ; - - i one which has to be attended to-

carefully if we are to avoid being caught in a deceptive programnd maktag

decisions based on that program.


~fhis may have already been tried. In conversations with Prince Hans

Adams of Liechtenstein (who'spersonal friends with various world leaders
                                                         q`f
and also has an interest in this subject) in July of /•' . - -   teve: 1994?)

having met with him for a couple of hours with--I         in New York, I was

stunned to learn that something similar to this had already happened. That

in November of 1989 an event occurred which terminated an apparent plan

by our government, PrBsident Bush, Perez de Cuellar of the United Nations,

Gorbachev and others to have an announcement on this subject.
                                                                          220
      Gnfortunately, this announcement was going to be a follow-through to

some of the comments which President Reagan had made, including his

speech to the Council of Foreign Relations in 1988 where he stated

essentially wouldn't our job of creating world unity be easier if we had a

common alien threat to fight. And that this announcement was going to be

highly tinged in that area`in that way.


Apparently in November of 1989 Secretary General Perez de Cuellar was

coming back from a meeting with various other policy makers and planning

the logistics for this disclosure announcement, when an alleged ET craft

hovering off the island of Manhattan took him on board the craft in full sight

of his security guards, as well as numerous other officials. And Perez de

Cuellar, according to i:he Prince of Liechtenstein who conveyed this to me

personally, was told that they should cease and desist with that

announcement    ar
                     they had the capacity to take other world leaders, and

take them on board the craft, and terminate the whole process.


The Prince conveyed to me that this blew up in the Bush White House like

an atomic bomb.       And the entire plans for this announcement were

scrapped. At that poi it they simply unplugged the entire effort.


Now an interesting question arises. There are parts of this account that
                                                                           221
lead us to assess that this event was actually a psycho-electronic event;

that the covert control group dealing with this subject staged to pull the plug

on this announcement.


Q:     Not the ETs?

A:     No.

Q:     What would the motive have been?

A:     To maintain control. I mean, this was going to be a preemptive strike

to disclose stuff that the quasi-civilian, quasi-military control group did not
                      4--
want to JaRew-abeam


       4


Apparently Perez de Cuellar was very shaken by this. And when I asked

the Prince of Liechtenstein if, indeed, he had been told this directly by

Perez de Cuellar, he said,


       "Well, we're friends and we talk with each other, but I can't tell you

       that this came .:rom him directly."


But with a wink and a nod, what he was saying was that, indeed, it had.

This was, of course, a devastating bit of information.


And it was followed up by a subsequent event that night in my hotel room
                                                                           222
where, with my little 9 year old daughter in tow, we were staying on Central

Park South at the St. Moritz.     dthat night I was targeted with a psycho-

electronic attack and had a most extraordinary and disturbing experience.

I think it was a demonstration of exactly what had been played out in

November of 1989 where the attempt to disclose this at the end of the cold

war was terminated.


Now, we cannot prove that this was an action taken by the covert control

group. But we do kncw this: That at 3:00 in the morning there were plenty

of people out in Manhattan; that the people who experienced the craft and

the on-board and everything were a very limited number of people who saw

it or experienced it; and it had the signature of a very well-thought out

covert operation. And the fact that they would pick the Secretary General
                           ., 4J ~a
of the United Nations;                ' h, as opposed to the President himself,

showed a certain amount of distance and restraint, but also a master stroke

since the Secretary General of the UN in the absence of any real world

government is the figurehead in terms of world governmental authority.


Q:    Do you have a specific reason to believe that it was a psychotronic

fabrication as opposed to other ones? Are there clues that you. . .

A:    The question is were there specific things that happened, and the

answer is yes.
                                                                           223
The entire case, when it's looked at very closely, shows that the state that

the Secretary General was in, and the experience he had, as well as the

apparent-paralysis psycho-motor paralysis, of the people around him would

be very consistent with a psycho-electronic event. Moreover, it seems to

have been specifically targeted, because other people in that area of

Manhattan saw and heard nothing. And this is not to say that it couldn't

have happened, but it's very unlikely that it was an ET event.


In addition to that, the 'ature of the information conveyed was irrational, but

had been very convincing to the Secretary General, the President,

Gorbachev, and also to the Prince of Liechtenstein. The reason the Prince

of Liechtenstein and I met was to discuss Project Starlight and the attempt

to disclose this information. And he enigmatically wrote a letter saying, I

don't think that this will be possible because there are forces that will not

allow it to happen.


Q:      It being?

A:      The disclosure. He was referring to extra-terrestrials.


And I think that that was a deliberate attempt to discourage anyone in the

future, at least in any institutional memory of this, of trying to do something

like this.
                                                                          224
Now, the Prince had been affected by other information, and I'm not going

to get into his own assessment of this; but it was quite clear that tte
                          fA               tLL-
implications were that this [Steve:      Project_Starlight?] should not be

attempt>   /n     11e rationale in his mind was that they really don't want to

                                      l~
be known that they're here. And I said, well then, are you aware that there

are 1,500 video taped sequences from Mexico wh re these spacecraft are

flying over cities of 20 million people angj pillion people in daylight and

nighttime; are being seen all over in that fashion?   said this would betray

a certain tendency to not be seen. He said, well, that doesn't matter; they

still don't want this disclosed. Meaning they, the extra-terrestrials. And I
       u ,~,`'
said, yvell are you sure that it was they who pulled this stunt off? And he

       0, you can never be sure.


We are dealing in very deep waters with this question.              And the

sophistication of the 'deceptive indications and warnings' and deceptive,

active disinformation that can be used to contain the information in a certain

way are very, very far reaching.


Q:     The psychotroriic event, can you share that with us?

A:     Well, the experience that I underwent that night, interestingly, within

           ~
 hours ofavFt4'g1cIesin this meeting with the Prince of Liechtenstein, was

essentially from the w'ndow. I could tell there was a targeted energy that
                                                                            225
was coming from the window that essentially caused me to have complete

psychomotor paralysis And which was attempting to induce unimaginable

terror and dread. It was a very sobering experience. Didn't work, because

I was able to short circuit it by accessing non-local mind and sort of going

to that safe place beyond all places. And, believe me, if you ever have this

experience, that's where you should run to, home; that's your best home

base, that's your anchor, cosmic anchor.         But—i1—was—a-ve       - wbat

interestingly, t#`t each time that I would short circuit that effort and it would

end, I would go back to sleep; and then moments later I would be hit again,

and I would have to go through the whole cycle. It was terrible, because

it went on quite a whiles se-vecal ti.m    - Following that, when I returned

home there were events that occurred in our house, which my children and

wife can attest to, which were bizarre and almost unbelievable. But on a

couple of events I was actually hit with a, let me just say, 10 minute period

of profound sickness with a loss of blood pressure, sweating, collapse,

unconsciousness, vomiting, diarrhea, everything. It lasted -1-0 mir}u€es,

  en^ would be over. 6hat happened just a couple of times and I          in ,

have come to an understanding about this; and it hasn't happened since,

luckily.


But, it was a demonstration of the 4cinds of things--th~t'can be used,

remotely triggered, and are very effective and very spe.cif~`highly specific.
                                                                             226
And this is not to engender any sort of dread or fear in anyone; it is simply

to say that, to quote Mr. Deemed, "You are dealing with the varsity team

here." And also this AFOFI guy, "These are the big boys and they play for

keeps." The question remains.to what extent they would be willing to go to

contain any sort of disclosure.      tdzione of us know that, awe'II find out

as we advance through this process.


But the important thing to +recognize is that the normal chain of command

is generally short-circuited, here as well as abroad. For example, former

rr`s     try of d'efense head Lord Hill Norton, a 5-star admiral, learned only

after he left that position as head of the Minystry of Defense, that all of this
                                            r
was going on virtually under his nos 1n some cases, in the British

Intelligence and US National Security systems that they had in the UK.

And, quite frankly, Lord Hill Norton is hopping mad about it.               But,

nevertheless, he was out of the loop and remains to this da         t-of-the loop

       d can find out nothing about the subject. It is even more shocking when

         tar general at the Pentagon at the level of Joint Chiefs of Staff is not

able to get information, and that the Director of Central Intelligence cannot,

and that the President has to go to other sources.


Now, I'd like to share with you an interesting quote (and I'm not going to

mention the name of this individual at this point); but I'd like to read this to
                                                                        227
you, because it illustrates the extent to which this has been out of control

and for how long. This is an interview with a staff member for President

Kennedy.

      "I was Presidential Steward for Kennedy on Air Force One. I was on

      board with him in Europe in 1963, June of'63, when he did the 'I am

      a Berliner' speech. He was very aware as far as the alien situation,

      because we had talked about it, because there was an article that

      came out as far as, in Germany, about the abductees, something

      that had happened over in Germany. And that's where we were, and

      we were getting ready to fly to Berlin. And then my question was,

      very simply put, do you believe in UFOs and in aliens and in all like

      that? And we were having a light conversation about it and we

      talked and come to find out he was very knowledgeable about what

      was going on. And we talked very openly about it. He said, 'Yes,

      I have a lot of concern about this; and it's been brought to my

      attention that we have a large number of aliens that have been

      accounted for.' On the planet? 'Yeah.' John Kennedy said this?

      Right. To you? Right. And so, that's why I'm saying that this was

      of concern, you know, as to what was going on. And I said, why

      don't we know anything about it? And I said why aren't we doing

      something about it? Why aren't we visiting with them, and why

      aren't we working with them; why doesn't anybody know about it?
                                                                          228
       And he said, 'It's out of my hands.' I remember that. I remember

       that so distinctly. 'It's out of my hands, and I don't know why.' What

       he said in 1963 was, 'I would like to bring it to the public."


And, 32 years later, here we sit.        But there's no question that Ike

Eisenhower, as well, had apparently been distanced from t ese operations.

And more so as president than as a -star general.            erefore I doubt

it was coincidence that in 1960 when he gave his final address to the

Nation, he said, "Beware the military industrial complex." This coming from

a 5-star general is significant. And we have reason to think that it was

related to his concerns over how this subject was being handled.


In returning to the logistics of this, ,from various sources we have learned

that are facilities in operation and                       being built in Utah

that are unaccessible by any roads. The -star general in the Pentagon,

wh,cct1I member of our team has been consulting with on this, states that

his source within a civilian contractor group informed him that we did have

ET materiel and technology, that they were being reverse engineered by

various contract entities to the US government, and that they were primarily

going on in three or four southwestern states:       New Mexico, Nevada,

California, and apparently also Utah. Interestingly the storage facility for a

great deal of this material and a lot of the really hot items are no longer at
                                                                          229
Nellis Air Force Base, but amain factmoved to other facilitie~e           ome --"'

have been stored for 25 years, at least 25 years, at a facility near Fort

Huachuca in Arizona.


The Universe works in mysterious ways, and it's also been said that there

are no coincidences.      And I would like to share the following bit of

information, just because it illustrates how much deception can be involved
                                                                           I c
in this whole field. In 1992 I met a gentleman named Major General Alfred—'-- ~

Stubbelbind, III, who is a former head of Army Intelligence. ,           might    _

have noted that the headquarters of Army Intelligence is at Fort Huachuca.

        averred that he had no interest in this subject prior to his retirement

and really knew nothing about it and assured us that he would not, while

there were certain things he could not tell us about his work as head of

Army Intelligence, he would never misrepresent anything.            Well, the

Universe does work iri mysterious ways.      nd,2bming back from Germany

later that year on a flight from Frankfurt to Charlotte, North Carolina, on a

US Air flight, there was a gentleman sitting directly behind me who

overheard me speaking to a passenger who was sitting next to me about

the UFO question. Arid he tapped me on the shoulder and he said, when

you are finished having that conversation, I would like to speak with you for

just a moment. And I said OK. And I wrapped up that conversation and it's

a 9 hour flight, I might as well visit, so I turned around and spoke with this
                                                                       230

man who did not want to give me his name but was a gentleman in his

60's, retired from the Army and living in Germany where he had married a

German woman but was going back to the States to visit family. And he

said,


        "Well, nobody would ever believe me when I told them this, but I

        think you would. Many years ago when I was in the Army, I was

        assigned to a group of pilots that were to be deployed whenever a

        UFO was detected to chase them and try and get gun camera

        footage."


        "The way this cperation was set up, that if anyone had a successful

        mission that they were terminated from the project and members of

        the crew were sent to various places all over the world to be

        separated so they couldn't talk with each other. And that the only

        person who knew really everything that was going on, was this guy

        that [Author note: he was sure I'd never heard of] named BJ° t( -~~~-'--+

        Steve:          u cLat4ie1 Stubblebin*`'


And, of course, I'd never mentioned to this man, nor on the plane ever
                                                                                   231
        mentioned, this man's name. And so it became very clear that there was

        a connection here wth this particular officer that went back many, many
                                             JI
        years; probab        r, decades.                 illustrated    things: One is

        that when the Universe wants you to know something, there are strange

        ways in which you wi I find out. And thef the other is that representations

        of the type that this particular Major General gave us actalways should be

        put into the category of, as in MacBeth, 'The Lady Doth Protest Too Much.'


        The nature of this covert control group being semi or quasi-governmental

        and quasi-proprietary makes it also very difficult to account for. It is almost
                                         /
            invisible, buttpowerful'anc~fnvisible force. Budgeting for it appears to be

        partially black funds, but also partially proprietary or private funds. And the

        black funds coming from various military and intelligence budgets. Now, the---

        black budgetsLtbeaflwun            is really unknown. But it was interesting

        that the figure that's bandied about of 30/billion dollars r 40 is probably ant

                  low figure.


          had a meeting in Norfolk, Virginia, recently with a person who works at the
(U s   aL
        USA Command there, who had personally seen black budget, I-mean just,

       ,tt ere are no descriptions, just a number and then an amount thatjust,in this

        one person's over sight was over 10 billion dollars.           And this person
                                                                           232
assured me that it was the tip of the iceberg. And that the entire apparatus

for this is so complex that no one really has a good handle on it.


The reason that the Senate Appropriations Committee and Mr. Deemed

were trying to find out about this subject was not that they had an interest

so much in UFOs, but they really wanted to know where these billions and
                              1
billions of dollars were going in an era of cutbacks and budget defici E;and=.    .

whathav             whey were not successful.XA~ud--h Nas 1retnvinced

that they would not be successful in being able to really trace that money,


Q:     Two other major channels of funding were turned up by Ralph

Steiner and Michael L nderman's investigation, and those are cost overruns

on legitimate overt projects and major global drug trade. In addition to the

two that you. . .

A:     The comment has been made that other sources of "black money"

are the drug trade and deliberate cost overruns on legitimate projects that

are known, in other words they are padded, like             e accounting, that
                                                 ~c
takes place that says the project cost 10 billion~it actually only costs 3, and

the other 7 billion was shunted off to these other projects. And you can do

a fair amount with several tens of billions of dollars a year, even in military

and governmental circles.
                                                                             233
 The implications of all of this are extremely far reaching. Ane1Ahat-is--r-eati~'

4he subject of the next session        S2 what I'd like tQ open it up nowt


 euestions ahouf_wha#-We shared


                                 QUESTIONS


 Q:     The names that you've mentioned, you are actually going to quote

 them in your book?

 A:     I don't know. Let me say that a lot of this information is dependent

 on what happens. How hard we get squeezed; how much obstruction there

 is; whether there is a collapse in the effort or not. If there is a collapse, if
                                                                                     —:
 there is a meltdown and we have to pull the plug on it, tbet'the worse-case
                                                                        A
 scenari         is is only 1 percent of the names.      -the meetings and the

 things,th~t we have been involved w

 are dealing with this and are part of the covert process, a know a lot more

.of-them than I think they ever            we know. And we will do what's

 necessary. But, you know, the idea is to not do anything disruptive. So

 long as people are being cooperative. But we are waiting to see what level

 of cooperation will actually be forthcoming.

 Q:     You mentioned drug money. How does that get into this whole

 process?

 A:     The drug money connection is not something that I have specifically
                                                                           234
looked into. I do know that there have been covert sales that have actually

been running drugs on planes and being involved in the drug trade as a

source of a

Q:            one of the major channels of cocaine importation agency,

specifically the CIA. They, Air America and all these operations in the Far

East and so on, they do most. . .

A:     But keep in mind that the left hand frequently doesn't know what the

right hand is doing. Someone will be involved in a covert project that's

involved with that, the money will be taken, and then it will be given to

another program that: the people who generated the funds or who were

generating certain information knew nothing about.               It is highly

compartmentalized, and the nature of the intelligence and military field is to,

even if you have a top-secret clearance, unless you have been 'read into'

and have access_.t8~"special access to, a certain project, you are not

informed about it. And I have been able to get very deeply briefed on this

from people with the Joint Chiefs and people with the USA Command, the

Space Command,4the Atlantic Command in Norfolk, because we have

excellent contacts there reaching up to and including the Director of Naval

Intelligence, the head of the Office of Naval Intelligence. And so, what is

quite apparent is that these things get extremely complex and essentially

it's a keep-as-many-people-in-the-dark-as-possible so that the likelihood of

a substantial leak is minimized. Because there aren't that many people who
                                                                             235
have the full picture.    And that's not just on this subject, but on many,

many projects and special operations within the covert field. The question

that arises, however, that in an era of the end of the cold war, what are the

justifications for this degree of secrecy? And, as mentioned earlier, has

less to do with national security and a Soviet threat,,and etc. .a4 cLso-e& i

than it does over a control of the current world paradigryQ'financial, good old

power and greed issues and issyes , that deal with institutional
                                      JA     Z
embarrassment .and a sense of loss over how to speak to this. A recent

conversation with an intelligence liaison was enlightening, because basically

what this person conveyed was that one of the reasons that they can't
                     A-
come forward with #          is that they don't really know what they are

dealing with and they don't even know how to speak to this to the public.

And then it was conveyed that they were hoping that a civilian group like

ours or others would be put together to do that; that they really are not
                                                                        St
comfortable speaking to this whole                  complex           wien, fi t- '-

know, you get beyond the initial phase of, OK, there are life forms from

other planetary systems visiting here; OK, most people can swallow that.

When you start getting into the history of the covert processes, you start

getting into the essent al fact that the covert control group that behaves as

if it has seceded from the United States and, in fact, behaves that way

literally up to an including lying to the President, lying   to   the Director of

Central Intelligence, the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, you
name it. And the fact: that we have been able to establish this is

Now, the other part of it, however, which is a broader issue is how to begin

to speak to the public about what have been termed inter-dimensional or

non-linear aspects of the manifestations of these craft, the link-up that we

have been talking .bout for the last two days of technology and

consciousness, the interface that exists between machine and mind. The

technology that permits inter-stellar travel beyond the speed of light,

that actually a false conceptTbecause it doesn't need to go the speed of          --'

light because time and space is bent. And many of these things which are

so shocking in one sense,        - in another sense are also very difficult to

begin to talk about and particularly to explain why such things have been

known for 40 or 50 years and have not been shared with the public. This

embarrassment factor is very high. And for that reason, what we have

suggested is that they quickly move in a disclosure mode while we can still

blame the secrecy on the cold war. Because that excuse is rapidly fading;

I mean, we are     years out from the end of the cold war now, and,that s -        --

an adequate cover story or rationale for the secrecy is quickly becoming

irrelevant.   And the question                 become, what would be the

relevant excuse that could be cited? And"they will be left with very little.

So, the clock is ticking and for that reason there is a window of opportunity

that we feel needs to be utilized to disclose this information at least part of

it f not a substantial majority eH jwithin the next year or two. B. At
                                                                         237
remains to be seen;'`he exact structure of it is not known to me. I have

heard various pieces of information that would suggest that the basic group

is around 300 individuals that are centrally involved; but that there's, very

high specialization in what they know and what they have control over.


Interestingly, a member of our team who had a discussion with a person

          intimate knowledge of this control group                      teve:

1994?j shared with us that about a third of the control would like to see this

subject disclosed anc are in favor of much of what we have been askin

for. But, the others are either not certain or ada antly opposed. So, I don't

think it should be viewed as some monoliths , I think it's a dynamic process,

and I think strategies can be involved to help encourage them to move in

the direction of disclosure. But, ultimately     important to recognize that

with a concerted and unified effort around the world .that there's enough
                                                             /
evidence and enough people willing to speak to this question that it can be

disclosed with ~a   without their assistance. The problem is        that they

couldmaa .,V['very difficult.


Q:     Steven, do I recall correctly that a number of months ago I heard you

tell the story about the head of state being taken aboard a spaceship, etc.,

similar to the story being told now, except that at that point you seemed to

believe that it was legitimate?
                                                                            238
A:     Well, it was a legitimate event. The man, the Secretary General,

certainly believed. . . Keep in mind what I subsequently got 'read into' by

our military fellow:   That he was specifically 'read into' projects where

technologies exist to create a deceptive scenario; and which could result,

if they wished for it, to have a pecsori         encount     literally with their

personal deity or god, and that they would believe it, and they'd pass a lie

detector test iUheu?had—d it.

Q:     No, no. My point is, that at the time I'd heard you, it appeared that

you'd believed that it was, in fact, a legitimate experience of being taken

aboard an ET craft.

A:     Well, it's unknown. I mean, it's either that or it's a deception. And,

either way, the concern is y#£hat if it wa≤' a actual ET intervention, the

question then becomes why.                 any times people draw the wrong

conclusions, because they weren't looking at why actions took place. It's

a little bit like looking at why they might melt a silo in Minot, North Dakota,

during the height of the cold war. I am sure that that nuclear silo wasn't a

threat to any ET race or planet; but there was a message being conveyed.

And if the effort amongst these various leaders, including Bush and

Gorbachev and Perez de Cuellar, was to mount a disclosure that would

have positioned this whole dialogue as Ronald Reagan had positioned it:

And that is that we can united the world by uniting against an ET presence

ai 1beginning to scheme and consult together on how to fight them. That
                                                                         239
if we would make sense ttaf1I'he ETs would want to intervene and terminate

that kind of poorly thought out and destructive and very undiplomatic

announcement. On the other hand, there are enough bits of how that entire

scenario played out That makes me think that it was actually a deception.


Q:     How do you think you could distinguish a terrestrial deception from

an extra-terrestrial psychotronically-produced experience? I mean, we are

talking about technique on the one hand and motive on the other.

A:     Exactly.

Q:     So, it becomes, there are many levels of questions, then.

A:     It becomes very difficult. . .

Q:      . . given procirammed experiences it clearly does not come from

terrestrial sources. How do you want to handle it?

A:     Ultimately the discernment of whether something is gold or false gold

or Memorex or real is, I think, has to be taken case by case. And, if there

are elements of this, of an experience which has a high degree of electro-

magnetic paralysis, a sense of suspended loss of psychomotor control,

these are more than likely human as opposed to any ET. . . they are crude,

they are relatively crude; and I think they'd leave that kind of signature. I

suspect that the vast majority of those sort of cases are not at all what the

civilian community has been led to believe. And. . .

Q:     Time loss one of them?
                                                                           240
A:     Pardon me?

Q:     Is time loss on .of them, loss of time?

A:     Sure. Dissociative states.                    4erye of them can be

induced through electronic means.          And even the taleft"f implant

technology.is very old. I mean implants have been around for 30 years or

more. And so, I am talking human implants.And-what-as-existed--ti            e

co                                      ,there is such a huge lag between —'

what we find out in the civilian sector and what's actually beeJ;ytus~ed

ploye
de              developed 'n the covert wort , here is such a large gap in

time there that it'   eally unknown how long these                  may have

been in place. The whole point in all this is that so long as there are very

well-funded covert programs thaL            engaging not only in passive =+

disinformation and denials, but also eeth~ jtting out active disinformation--*

where, whether it is a cattle mutilation or so-called abduction, or a false or

'deceptive indication and warning' in the way of a simulated ET event, it

           scenario that is extremely confusing. .ot        only confusing to f --

the John Q. Public, but extremely confusing to our policy makers and to the

people who are going to have to make some sense out of this. That's why

the risks are profound when you start ¢arose sorts              activities and

essentially have no accountability for them.

Q:     What do you make of this new Disney effort in Floridawith their

"extra terror-estrial" exhibit and their obvious. . .with the one Find they are
                                                                                       I
                                                                          241
giving us an attraction on the other they are poisoning. . .

A:      Well I thiink that the b    t   . The question was about the              _'

1~9r • "' ~ J thin DisneyY World in Orland { that is a veryY terrifying
                                                                   Y~ 9 ride or

show that deals with 'the ET question and what may be behind that. One~l'.-4-- —

reluctance to over--ead çi o these things conspiratorial proces/

However, we do know from the Robertson Panel documents and others that

it has always been the intent of the psychological warfare experts involved

with this covert control group to engage and to influence media and

entertainment on this subject in a very specific way: Initially, primarily to

ridicule it and debunk it and make light of it; but, I think over the last 20

years or so, to increasingly project a specific type of knowledge base,

particularly through the abduction field, books, videos, and certain other

movies, to ensure that there is an element of preparation in the mass

consciousness to be inclined towards either fear of or support of a hostile

world stature against the extra-terrestrial presence. The Disney connection

is one which is worrisome because, if my memory serves me correctly,

Disney was one of th€► n           mentioned back in the early documents back

in the 50's.

Q:      They did, the Disney company did a lot of government propaganda

work.

A:      Right.

Q:      Stuff about during the Second World War we were supposed to
                                                                             242
become aware of and like South Americans for strategic reasons and so

there was a lot of promotion of South America for the public imagination,

and that was just straight government propaganda.

A:     Ad' these events have happened and there are probably deep

penetrations into certain key media and news outlets on this particular

subject of the extra-terrestrial question. It appears that, however, the most

effective way of influencing that is by engaging in a critical mass, an

adequate number of active disinformation programs which result in a mass

effect in terms of public opinion, interest, and media. And         ~tle that is —

set in place, then it takes on a life of its own. Because once it is introduced

and it becomes a fad and becorrr S an area of interes             it gets copied ---~'

by other people because it's either been successful or because, ne

company's doing it the other company will do it, or one researcher's doing

it, the other one will. It takes on. . you don't need to totally control and

micro-manage it, so long as you can put out a critical ~mass of information

at the right places and at the right control points. 8rt1'fae       you do that,

tt~efi~,rt takes on a life of its own; and it's like a snowball going downhill, it

maintains its own momentum, Inds-            ee       gathers velocity and size.
        n
Q:     As the ridicule program succeeded probably beyond its wildest

imagination.

A:      Right. And the ridicule program, exactly, succeeded very well; to

this day it's succeeding                ey launched that e       it ridiculed the
                                                                                  243
    whole subject, Donald Minsel and others, and it became a topic non-grata,,

    and to this day serious news investigators and investigative reporters and

    scientists, even if they have a personal interest in it, would blush to have

    the idea of actually putting their career on line by dealing with the subject

    publicl      So   ll of these things that have been put into place in the area

    of active disinformation the potential      so much higher when you can have

    technologies to targe: either individuals or groups.or to stage certain events

    that would create a system of belief or a mythology around a subject that

    would serve both the purposes of hiding wh- '          - ,~r_'.~y    '•    also of

    psychological warfare and propagand~,i=               uppo ,    the event of a

    disclosure whehec 4- ' rom ETs or from humans, a stance that would

    ensure that this woulc' still beregardect        at    pI security4s J    or.a1op-

    secret issue that warranted substantial funding and space-based

    deployment of weapons which could be used to defend this planet from the

i   extra-#errestrial life forms.

    Q:        Well, from what you said, I get the sense that the longer it takes

    them to go public with this, the more likely the probability that they will use

    it in an insidious way. Let's say, you know, because right now they could

    still blame it on the cold war. But the longer it takes them, I mean, they

    could create a world crisis.

    A:        Sure.

    Q:        And say this is why we did it. And the longer it takes them, the more
                                                                                       244
          likely that they will create that crisis and blame it on ETs.

          A:     It may be that the control group would either create a crisis, and

          blame it on extra-terrestrials or would wait for the periodic world crises
                                                                 f       i


          which te    wnrld hasp                   then disclose the ' i formation in an
     pp        ~~
          atmosphere of crisis, and, therefore,-têmaintain control. Because people
                                                                     A


      look to authority figures and to governments and)t'military during times of

4 3-Ertsr?and insecurity. So, in either way, I am sure that this has been gamed

          out, gtttte ffertkt -fn a number of scenario=; _ • :       ore than we would have

          space here to go into, that would ensure that a certain degree of control

      was still maintained by the covert control group PI-40.

          Q:     Do you nave a suggestion on who thinks the way we in the United

      States supposed to say who thinks the way we think, you know, we think

      (unintelligible) believe in conspiracy and ETs and those who don't because

                         lun into more and-rnwr-e people who talk very freely about,

          yeah, this exists.

      A:         I can't answer that.

          Q:     No idea? Because it's growing; yeah, it's a growing awareness.

      A:         Well, the problem is that many of the people who know that there

      have been covert programs like this inappropriately assign it to sources that

      are really quite innocent. And so, you know, in point of fact, some of the

      people who are rooting for the success of Project Starlight the most, are

      people who are senior military tpllf'and intelligence folks who are cut out
                                                                           245
                                                                                  r


of this whole thing, who are as outraged as you and I are. In fact, quite a

few government people that we've met with are appalled; at the level of the

United Nations, at -lei "of the Executive Branch, in the military and
                                            r


intelligence services And         ose people really want to see this subject

dealt with properly and b brought out, but they are as powerless as the

man on the street. And, in fact, in many respects are more restrained than

perhaps the average person would be. -In fact, they         .      that sense

people will ascribe to the identified governmental leaders and authorities,

rotis', functions, knowledge and activities which are completely not related

to them.     AkIfI I think this happens quite frequently with these

projects.    They are very tightly controlled. (One example of this:         In

discussing witI ypne of the top five remote viewers that I referred to earlier,
                                                        )


                avid Moorehous2.and-I I mentioned of the top five, two

committed suicide, two were put in mental hospitals, and one's a chronic

alcoholic.                 became extremely fed up with how he was being

treated and the fact that he had been soma human guinea pig in this

remote viewing training and what-have                 had gone through this

whole decompensation and mental hospital experiencefor 6 months and

'wliat-leave-   , he decided he was going to start talking about this. And he

actu    J bed talkin to a ,60 Minutes" investigative reporter. Well, he
started getting (knocks . t the door %nd taps on his line and telephone

conversations being tapped and then played back to his wife about all of
                                                                                       246
this
                                       Winded up destroyino h           rriage~

~ndcd laving              his officeS        etely violate

       risrg~des roy          This has all beenJ             ecently. He went to the

general who was over the section that controlled the people that he knew

in the Defense Intelligence Agency              : were doing this harassment and

said, "Your boys are doing this and I want it to stop." The general called
                                   u                                              !/
tP ese4QI       in, and they said,       , no, we would never do such a thing; even

though he-guy-brougirfitn all kinds o vi ence supportinji ,6 n4-ss;-$vim
             .u~CJ                   L  Z
at-tt U    r-f 're not talking no ~a JCS member (Joint Chiefs of Staff
member) or the CIA Director or the Secretary of Defense; we are talking of

someone who has immediate command over that area's lied to by his —

subordinates about covert things that                 re          ~ee rse-t#e-di$~'tJ

                          ey didn't think he had a need to kno
                       /~                      - j - -
want-lim to kL         jS this sort-of--thiggoes on; the more you talk to

people in the military intelligence field, t1 ese sort- o 1fl ngs go on a

        and are much the cowboy factor in this, the thing of folks being totally'

sort of loose cannons and out of control out ther                              -a-la- Oltise~

                    ertcans were shockedlo learn such a thi                            end

                                        arldate against         g with Iran:     s' major --

factor      -       -1'       been~hadied a d-so it's entirely conceivable that

someone who weuId- a Commander of a base where,1activity was going on

would not know of the events                        ht underneath t#eif'nose.
                                                                       247

Q:       Or wouldn't want to know.

A:       And wouldn't want to know. And in fact, many times if they hear

about it, they say, I didn't hear it and you didn't tell me. So,

Q:       We're not just talking about maverick, loose cannon operation, I

mean these independent operators obviously had a boss elsewhere.

A:       They had a boss elsewhere, and so there is a very complex system

that has been set up to allow for this kind of behavior and yet provide
                                                                    eC-d'~1
adequate cover, so that the normal chain of command doesn't know; see

no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil. And that provides them with plausible

deniability, which is.a.verri'mportant thing to maintain.

               at is something we have to keep in mind. As we look at this

and understand that the anatomy of how this has been structured is

extraordinary and not predictable even byJo.okng-at other extraordinary

programs. I think tliis arms one which really is in a class by itself. And

,,e'veryone that I trust with a position to know who's looked into it in a

credible way or who has had direct involvement with it, has confirmed that

to us.

Q:       Steven, how would you assess the experiences reported in the John

Mack book as abductions; and if they're disinformation, it would seem

peculiar that they would arrive at a fairly common conclusion that the ETs

were well-intentioned.

A:       Well, that isn't a common conclusion. What I would say is that I
                                                                         248

haven't looked at his entire data base. -kft±knowi-+s, I know people in who

are in his data base; and some are real, some are Memorex, and some are

other. Keep in mind that in the abduction field you have people who have

actually had on-board ET experiences, you-hav         eople who have been

victim    target victims, of covert military or paramilitary operations. You

have people who have been enthusiastically embraced by UFO researchers

as abductees when they've really had an out-of-body experience and an

encounter with an astral life form. And you have wannabees, a

psychopathsnd sycophants and whaLhave-y u. There are so many;?and~=

     no        it becomes a very big task to sort of sift out the sound from

the noise. I am not at all suggesting that there are no people who have

been taken on board craft; I certainly think that there are.        I am not

suggesting that there are, however, an to my satisfaction really reliable

programs on this because the people I've spoken with have said they're

really not screening. They are j      umber one, the vast majority of these

researchers and professionals are not aware of the covert electronic

capacities to even enter that into their differential diagnosis, as we say in

medicine, where you would have a list of what these symptoms might be.

And so, if you don't have that in your differenti . list of diagnosis, you are
                                                 J
                                               .,~' I I
never going to make that diagnosis           * • s+rnd- . ,~ if they have a

cosmology which is impartial and they have eith           ~~ experience or
                                                           n
knowledge of paranormal experiences which are not ET relate€but which
                                                                            249

can be very close to that in terms of out-of-body experiences, astral

projections, visitations by other non-ET but still quite real entities, then that

too could be an area of confusion where those experiences could be placed

into a mold.   nd so, this gets back into the whole concept of cosmological

confusion, and where you have apples, oranges, star dust,and everything
                                  I                      -    N'CJ
else sot bfkfid fgetting put in there together. *nd-so- I-t c,,it's going

to take a rebuilding of the data system with a more complete picture of what

all the phenomena are; because we're not talking about one phenomenon

anymore, we are talking about multiple phenomena which has to also

account for the substantial number of covert psycho-electronic targeting

events, which I thin are much larger in number than people realize.


We need elosur ;b.ause we have to have dinner and get back in time for

               evening. So, if you have other questions, save tk~er.
