{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T05:42:02Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 339388, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116917-witness-archive-project.pdf", "source_sha256": "93785a30adfd6c53a80b85b6d6aa5572ef4a894b186596668b490dbf6643b808"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 397, "chars": 2845, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Witness Archive Project
Information for Witnesses
Background:
Since 1993, Dr. Steven M. Greer and SETI have been identifying governnent, military,
intelligence and corporate witnesses to projects and events related to so-called UFOs and
Extraterrestrial intelligence and associated technologies.
These witnesses are from numerous countries around the world. From 199:-2000, we have
systematically presented briefings and substantive evidence to leadership in the United States and
other countries, including the US President, CIA Director, Joint Staff, Defense Intelligence
Agency, numerous members of Congress, senior UN officials, and others. I)uring these briefings,
top secret witness testimony, government documents and other evidence has been presented.
Beginning in the fall of 1993, at a meeting at Wright Patterson Air Force Base and later with CIA
Director James Woolsey, we requested a near-term disclosure on the subject.
In 1998, after exhaustive attempts to obtain government support for such a disclosure and in the
light of government non-responsiveness, it wàs decided that a civilian-led disclosure was
necessary. Indeed, members of Congress, senior military officers and other government leaders
specitically recommended that we pursue this outside of government channels and that a civilian-
led public interest disclosure would be the only way to secure official hearings and other actions
trom the government. Therefore, since 1998, we have been organizing such a disclosure and can
now announce that the support, evidence and funding are in place to actualize such a project.
Role of Witnesses:
It has been determined that a credible disclosure must involve government, military, corporate,
and intelligence witnesses who are:
- credible
- have 1st hand knowledge of events, projects and evidence.
- are organized into a coalition or group to come forward en masse in a carefully planned
disclosure strategy.
While supporting evidence such as photos, government documents, physical evidence and the like
are important, it is the testimony of dozens of credible Ist-hand witnesses which will most
effectively succeed at disclosing the subject. The other evidence combined with this witness
testimony will make an undeniable case to mainstream scientists, political leaders and the public.
It is noted that past disclosures by isolated witnesses (e.g. Col. Corso and others) have not been
effective because it was not coordinated by a strategic plan or supported by other corroborating
witnesses. Here the saying, "The whole is greater than the sum of the part.", applies. Multiple,
coordinated witnesses coming forward together creates a dynamic which far exceeds what can be
accomplished by a person coming forward alone. There is security, strength and enhanced
credibility by numerous witnesses coming forward together.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 424, "chars": 2906, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Witness Archive Project is designed to identify, verify and document the testimony of dozens
of top secret witnesses. This archive will be used to:
- preserve for posterity such testimony
- create executive briefing materials for leaders in society and the public,
- create a multi-media, international disclosure news project to inform the public world-
wide of the reality of the subject.
Goals of Disclosure:
-To effect a credible, international disclosure of the facts so that the subject is established
as real, legitimate and relevant.
- By doing so, to return control and management of this and related issues to democratic,
legal and constitutional control.
- To restore oversight of rogue, unacknowledged ("black") projects which are clearly out
of control.
- To prevent the unnecessary weaponization of space and its attendant world security
risks.
- To release technologies related to energy and propulsion systems which could replace
environmentally damaging fossil and nuclear sources of energy.
Witness Archive Project Procedures:
Once a prospective witness is identified he or she will be contacted by Dr. Cirer or a senior
researcher approved by the project. An initial history and data base will be created from initial
interviews. The witness will then be scheduled for a formal interview using state-of-the-art video
and audio recording equipment. Once all witnesses are interviewed the archive will be reviewed
and selections made for the Executive Briefing Summary and other uses described above.
Witnesses are asked to avoid media or public exposure until appropriate, cuordinated strategies,
news conferences and media arrangements are finalized. This will ensure ali effective and
powerful disclosure.
Security. It should be noted that the project has substantial support within various social,
political, military and intelligence circles. By identifying with the project and joining with others
in a unified effort, an umbrella of protection is extended to such witnesses. Dr. Greer should be
notified immediately upon any warnings or threats to a prospective witness and appropriate
actions will be taken. All materials related to interviews are multiply duplicated and placed in
secure storage and also in the hands of influential individuals thus negating any attempt to muzzle
the project.
UNOD (Unless Otherwise Directed). Note: In November 1996, we sent a letter to all key
political, national security, military and intelligence officials regarding the invalidity of any national
security oaths related to the subject (see attached). This UNOD letter states that, since projects
related to the subject are unacknowledged, "black"
, unlawful and unconstitutional, all legal :
agreements arising therefrom are, a prior, null and void. No corrective action or directive was
ever issued to counter this assertion by us. Therefore, we regard such oaths as null and void,' .

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1377, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
i
without legal merit and witnesses should act accordingly. Indeed, senior Pentagon officials have
stated that, if at all possible, we should publicly effect such a disclosure. This was communicated
to us in the spring of 1997.
, Beyond this, we consider it one's patriotic duty to uphold and protect the constitution by coming
• forward. In light of the rogue, unlawful, unconstitutional and dangerous nature of such
unacknowledged projects, disclosing information related to such projects is morally justified.
, Given the threats to democracy posed by such projects and the clear and imminent dangers to
world security and the environment created by these USAPs, the conscienc: of each witness
should be clear that he is doing the right and just thing by coming forward.
Our way of life, Democracy, the rule of law, national and world security and the future of the
human race and the earth's environment all, in part, depend on the success of this effort. You, as
a witness to events or projects related to UFOs/ ETI, will have a tremendous contribution to
make to our collective future. No witness is insignificant since the big picture is created only by.
careful assembly of each piece of the mosaic. The time has come to join together and to tell the
truth about this critically important subject. If not now, when? And if not us, who?
Contact:
..
Steven M. Greer, MID
