{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T20:21:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 51461, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116983-the-unacknowledged-terror-2002.pdf", "source_sha256": "023387bdc23990c86dc8fe36ab79c8c00a489049cda567bae6e71314115ccfbb"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2661, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE UNACKNOWLEDGED TERROR
By Steven M. Greer M.D.
Copyright 2002
Nearly ten years ago, I learned of a category of deep black, illegal projects within the
military, intelligence and corporate world known as Unacknowledged Special Access
Projects, or USAPs. The crown jewel, most tightly held and most sensitive of these
JSAPs are those dealing with the so-called UFO,
Extraterrestrial and new energy areas
(see
the book
In the years
leading
up
to the launch of The Disclosure Project
we identified over 400 military, intelligence and corporate
witnesses to UFO-connected events and projects. One of the most disturbing findings of
this research is the consistent pattern of terror, abuse, torture, intimidation and
harassment that such witnesses report receiving at the hands of the enforcers of this
secrecy. Death and threats of death, abduction and deprivation of freedom is a pattern
that repeats itself and confirms the terrifying nature of this particular brand of illegal
secrecy.
As horrifying as these individual accounts are - accounts that testify to the desperation of
those who would conceal these truths - a greater terror lurks in the fact that the world as
we know it is a faint shadow of what it could be, and what it must become.
By this I mean that the world is living in an Unacknowledged Terror - the terror
of horrible poverty, destruction, death, war, terrorism, injustice and ignorance - all
concocted by those who seek to control our destiny.
If we step but for a moment outside the numbed middle-class comfort of the
industrialized nations and peer honestly at the larger world about us, we will behold
myriad sufferings, diseases, poverty and environmental decay. This image, for the most
part relegated to our near subconscious, awakens us to an existential reality that we
consider beyond the reach of rational correction or solution. By conventional wisdom,
we behold a world of suffering that is unfixable and therefore forced from our
consideration, for the most part. But is this true - or only another horrible fiction?
The evidence, testimony and facts will establish that it is the latter. That the world is
artificially kept in a state of poverty and conflict - and that the solution has been
methodically, maniacally and with malice aforethought withheld from a wanting world.
I for one have foregone a medical career, and the mundane - if fleetingly gratifying -
comforts that life affords, because I came across the at once wonderful and horrible truth
that the essential solutions to many of the world's most pressing problems have been
systematically and ruthlessly withheld from the public. But there are many who have

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 531, "chars": 3147, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
made the ultimate sacrifice to try and tell the world what we now struggle mightily to
disclose: That we are not alone in the Universe, that a global and powerful group has
hidden this truth from the world, and that the sciences, technologies, energy generation
systems and propulsion systems that could create anew the world exist in the ultra-secret
world of Unacknowledged Special Access Projects.
You may mourn as I have the world that has been lost: the promised world of peace,
security, abundance, justice and harmony with nature. Had we joined together to fight
the good fight, we might have had this world 50 - nay 100 - years ago. But at the dawn of
a new millennium, we stand astonished at this squandered world and wonder how we got
here.
But lamenting the past will not manifest the good future that we all yearn to create. We
must join together and resolve, no matter what the cost and no matter how great the
personal sacrifice, to let the truth be known. A truth that will bind up the wounds, heal the
world, establish
a sustainable civilization and usher in an unbroken era of peace.
The world around us is beset by terror, albeit for the most part unacknowledged. Like the
proverbial frog about to boil in a pot of water, we are unaware of the true terror around us
- and the genesis of that specific terror spoken of at every turn today.
We must disclose those secrets that have been withheld from the world that will
enable humanity to abolish poverty, war and environmental decay and give us the world
Providence desires for us. Let there be no doubt about the role we must play, for others
will not do it for us, neither on earth or on other worlds. It is up to us to establish by our
own efforts that time so long awaited.
Sciences -wondrous and of immense practical benefit- have been secreted into a nether
world of mobbed-up clandestine operations that hide behind national security, God, or
whatever contrivance suitable at the moment. But the truth is that this unacknowledged
world of UFOs, secret energy and propulsion systems, and global economic hegemony
and domination has little to do with security, peace or God, but rather with fear, greed
and exploitation. And it is past time for it to end.
The evidence, testimony and facts will prove that humanity has had vouchsafed to her all
the knowledge, sciences and means for abolishing the silent terrors of poverty, death,
environmental destruction and war. Energy systems that extract boundless power from
the plenum of teeming electromagnetic energy around us have been extant for decades -
only to be viciously forced into the nether-world of USAPs. The means for eliminating
poverty and injustice - and therefore the root of most war and destruction - have been
systematically kept from a long-suffering world in dire need of healing. And worlds - of
virtual infinite diversity and potential- lie within our reach to explore and enjoy, if only
we could come together to do it in peace.
The Great Terror, then, is that humanity and Earth suffer needlessly. And the millions
who are born and die in poverty, disease and misery are quite provably a reality of our

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 412, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
own making. And in that suffering and ignorance are born a myriad hatreds, and in those
the horrors of 9/11.
The Disclosure Project
Kalong with Space Energy Access
Systems, Inc.
his striving to bring to light the knowledge and the
technologies that we may create anew the world. That horrible box of secrets must be
pried open, and the truth must be known by all. And the world must be healed.
Will you join us?
