{"created_utc": "2026-09-04T06:30:51Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 26279, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304069985441602, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116940-briefing-for-us-government-june-15-2023.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540623200000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116940-briefing-for-us-government-june-15-2023.pdf", "source_sha256": "4ed6a62a66acdd120a784517a14698e9f06183cfd1b1e16d93ded406cf5b18e4"}

UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT VERSUS ILLEGAL SECRET GOVERNMENT STRATEGIC
TECHNOLOGY DISADVANTAGES


BRIEFING FOR US GOVERNMENT

The constitutional United States Government (USG) needs detailed information on rogue
unconstitutional Illegal Secret Government (ISG) UAP/UFO and related technologies in order to
properly investigate, and ultimately control by all means necessary the now imminent danger of
the ISG.

BACKGROUND:

ISG projects have benefited from approximately 80 years of research and development and
trillions of dollars related to Advanced Technology (AT) UFO/UAP objects. This includes two
primary pathways:

1. Development of highly classified human breakthroughs in physics, electromagnetic field
energy and propulsion systems, material science and medical and biomedical
technology. These technologies have been run through unsanctioned projects, and without
supervision of the USG. These include still - classified technologies from the late 1800s through
today.

2. Reverse engineering of downed extraterrestrial vehicles (ETVs) since the mid-1940s through
today.

These ISG dual pathways, while highly compartmented, have resulted in applied technologies
that have been developed into AT reconnaissance, surveillance, fixed and mobile weapon
systems and AT craft that are extremely advanced. The USG is unfortunately, many decades
behind and orders of magnitude disadvantaged technologically versus the ISG.

This technology gap must be factored into any plans going forward by the Congress, Pentagon,
White House and other USG agencies related to UAP/UFO investigations and actions. Failure
to do so is very likely to result in catastrophic consequences for the USG, the American people
and the world.

The ISG, beginning in the mid-1950s, achieved substantial breakthroughs in energy and
propulsion, electromagnetic weapons and surveillance systems and other technologies that
neutralize conventional signals intelligence and USG security protocols completely.

The ISG weapon systems and AT craft are now so advanced and unsupervised as to present an
urgent national security threat far exceeding the current threat matrix of China, Russia, Iran,
North Korea and others. They certainly exceed the threat from nuclear weapons.

Beginning in the late 1950s to early 1960s, these ATs have been used in numerous deceptive
indications and warnings (false flag operations) simulating “alien threats“ including abductions,
mutilations and mass UFO sightings actuated by ISG AT craft (manmade UFOS). These are
used for psychological warfare purposes to indoctrinate the public and media to an
extraterrestrial threat that absolutely does not exist against humanity or the Earth. However,
these ET civilizations, now targeted by these ISG weapons that use faster than the speed of
light scalar electromagnetic weapons, will not likely permit further targeting.

These crises must be resolved quickly, or an existential catastrophe is likely to occur.

The ISG has had AT assets of various types to convincingly stage a false “alien attack“ on
Earth. These capabilities existed since the mid-1960s onwards and all indicators show the ISG
is preparing to execute this plan imminently. This capability must be neutralized immediately by
any and all means necessary.

To achieve this, the USG must understand the network and technological advantages of the
ISG. Unless these technologies are accounted for comprehensively, any actions by the USG are
almost certainly likely to fail and end in catastrophe. Knowledge is power.

ISG TECHNOLOGIES NOT POSSESSED BY THE USG:

1. Trans-dimensional and scalar electromagnetic surveillance systems that completely negate
USG SCIF protections, encryption or any other currently used systems by the NSA, CIA, NRO,
Pentagon, White House, Congress and all other agencies.

This means any USG meetings, planning sessions and SECOPS are fully penetrated by the
ISG. This must be factored up-front for any planned actions. It must be assumed that these
plans will be known in real-time even if the best security is in place. This includes even non-
electromagnetic communications (in-person conversations) and communications in SCIFS and
deep underground military bases (DUMBs).

2. ISG aircraft/spacecraft are many orders of magnitude more capable that the B2 stealth
bomber and even advanced ‘black’ aerospace assets that use jets, rockets or any other
conventional propulsion systems, including nuclear.

The ISG vehicles are electromagnetic-gravitic field propulsion that are silent, create no sonic
boom, need no fuel payload and can move non-linearly and at speeds in the hundreds of
thousands of miles per hour.

The USG has no airborne assets to match these. However, specialized EMP (electromagnetic
pulse) weapons can completely disable these vehicles.

3. ISG weapons systems include scalar weapons, EMP weapons, and full cloaking and
holographic technologies to completely hide locations, bases and assets, even in full daylight.
The ISG also has land, air, sea and space-based reconnaissance, tracking and weapon
systems that utilize these AT systems and would be used against the USG. A satellite-based
system exists that can target any volume of space and electromagnetically neutralize all USG
aircraft in the target zone. To my knowledge, the USG lacks an effective counter-measure to
these weapon systems.
4. ISG human assets are embedded in all aspects and levels of the USG and are used in
disinformation operations, counterintelligence, sabotage of government initiatives and corrupt
targeting of government officials with threats, blackmail and bribery schemes. When needed,
targeted killings are employed (usually appearing as accidents, suicide or sudden medically
related deaths). Remote technologies exist to affect these outcomes. These are obviously
people who are masked and trained to pass as USG regular officials, etc.

5. Biological weapons, as well as convincing fake alien life forms, have been created to engage
in deceptive operations. These are indistinguishable from some actual ET species and therefore
are effective in diversion operations and psychological warfare operations.

6. Teleportation, consciousness-technological interface systems and inter-dimensional
technologies exist to further confuse ET events with ISG staged events. What appear to be
terrifying ET life forms are often actually phenomena created by these technologies derived
from other dimensions not extraterrestrial.

7. USG control over the ISG program can be achieved by using best-available technology and
careful strategic and tactical planning, combined with insider human assets and the rapid
acquisition of ISG assets that can then be used to control ISG OPERATIONS.

A major wild card is that the ISG can quickly activate their false flag operations at any
moment. The USG senior leadership - Congress, the White House, Supreme Court, Pentagon,
etc. must be made aware of ISG plans and capabilities so that they are not taken by surprise
and manipulated into actions detrimental to our national security. It would be easy to deceive
the USG without a detailed briefing provided prior to operations. This needs to be done
immediately.

Another factor is the complete penetration of the media and tech sector and social media by
ISG assets. This is clearly operational. All significant media are completely penetrated and are
used, on this subject, as information warfare assets. These are currently being stood up hard
and will become more operational quickly to support ISG long term strategic objectives, which
includes a global centralization of power. This is for another discussion but runs to the ultimate
reasons for the existence of the ISG. Briefly, it is to subvert democracy and freedom and create
a controlled global population that, through terror and psychological warfare strategies, gives up
significant power and their freedoms to the group.
This must be resisted at all costs.

Questions may be directed to me, as needed.


Steven M Greer MD
Director, The Disclosure Project
15 June 2023
Washington DC
