{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T14:47:25Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 27, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3740508, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116988-project-starlight-book-chapter-1-pgs-8-33.pdf", "source_sha256": "975205c06bc5929bbd86ba3dceba440dfd4d50c39bef29084f8aded68292555f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 19, "chars": 117, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Clapter one-
Pgu8
Landingon tera terma
brusenta evidenu
penny of tee
, with
individuele identíféed
st gee niga lavee

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 194, "chars": 1238, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8
CHAPTER ONE
LANDING ON TERRA FIRMA:
The Best Available Evidence For Extra-Terrestrial Life Forms
[Editorial Note: We are not going to go through all the evidence here; but
this is introductory remarks regarding the evidence. The evidence is too
vast to present in this sort of form.]
JDr. J. Allen Heinick, an astronomer at Northwestern University and a —
consultant to the Air Force Project Blue Book, fetter many years of looking
into the question of extra-terrestrial visitations to this planet stated that, "We -
have an embarrassment of riches." The average person believes that the
subject is either spurious or irrelevant, or certainly lacking in any substantial
evidence. This is not by accident. This is a result of 40 to 50 years of
deliberate attempts to minimize the issue, ane to ridicule ind to trevent
(from coming to the surface ne definitive evidence regarding the detection of
extra-terrestrial life forms We will presentin this Chapter/a very small tip
of the iceberg of the evidence which we have collected from around the
globe, supporting the fact that planet Earth is being visited by at least one,
^
and probably several, advanced extra-terrestrial life forms, who originate
from outside of this solar system.
-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1530, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9
In looking at this evidence, it is important for the reader to keep in mind that
the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. For example, one of the
pieces of evidence which you will see is a pon-declassified CIA document —
that is top secret, which describes John F. Kennedy's knowledge of the —
subject and his visitation to a secret air base to review the remains of
bodies and debris from outer-space.
It is dated August, 1962. Now, this
piece of evidence, in and of itself, is a smoking gun; and it has never been
presented publicly before now.
However, there's an interesting
corroboration for those who would be stunned by this piece of evidence to
the point of doubting it. And that is the testimony of a member of John F.
Holden
Kennedy's staff, an air force officer on Air Force One, Bill Holton, wherein
he states that he had a conversation with John F. Kennedy about this
subject, that the President knew about it; but that, and I quote, "The matter
was out of his hands, but he did not know why."
The implications of this piece of evidence alone are stunning. And it is one
of many. And the point of that is that the totality of the evidence must be -
taken together. No single case will convince anyone that we are being
visited by life forms from other planets. However, the weight of all of it
together creates a body of knowledge and evidence which is so powerful
that you either have to be in profound denial or deliberately hired to
disinform the public if you do not reach the assessment that we are not

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 207, "chars": 1293, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
alone.
Yon-plusse
Many people are stunned when they learn that members of our research —
team have collected not 30 or 300, but over 3,000 military and civilian pilot
encounters, many corroborated with radar, visual contact from the air, and -
visual contact from the ground. Others are stunned to learn that there are
not 4 or 40 or 400, but that there are 4,000pplus landing trace cases where —
these objects have landed and left some sort of physical remains that have
been analyzed or documented. Keep in mind that these cases would only
be the smallest percentage of the actual events because there is massive
under-reporting on this subject.
shock
Others are stunned to learn that there are not only one or two, but hundreds
of official documents from the US government, from the KGB, and fron
-
other governments in the world describing encounters between our various
military forces and these extra-terrestrial vehicles. We will present the tip
of the iceberg of these documents.
astounded
And then still others are stunned to learn that greats, such as Herman
Ober, one of the pioneers of space travel, government leaders such as
Adm. Roscoe Hillinkeater, one of the first heads of the Central Intelligence
Agency, astronauts such as Gordon Cooper and others will in these pages →

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 210, "chars": 1281, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11
give their testimony concerning their direct knowledge of this subject. The
average person has no knowledge that such people have not only had
these
encounters, but have shared their assessment of their encounter and have —
provided testimony.
And the reader will be surprised - since it is proclaimed so often that if this
is true, where is one good photograph - when they see that there is not one
but dozens of daylight photographs that are crystal clear and which have
been analyzed by scientists at NASA, at Los Alamos,
at IBM, and —
elsewhere. These also will be provided.
And of course, since this is a book, the portrayal of movie and video tape
footage is difficult. But the stills which will be presented will be but the very
smallest intimation of the volumeśwhich we have collected. One of our
associates in Latin America has in his personal collection over 1,500 video-
taped segments from the Mexican extra-terrestrial visitations from 1991 to
the present:
,500 segments. Many of them in broad daylight clearly -
showing
flying
disks
with
domes on them or large triangular craft
manoeuvering in the sky.
Amas
Ultimately, then, the most stunning thing about this evidence is that it is just →
now being put together in a cohesive fashion and shared with the world.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1588, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12
I have been asked many times what is the most stunning thing about this -
whole area, this whole subject. And What I always say is that it is not the
fact that extra-terrestrial life forms are landing on terra firma, it is the fact
that the majority of the world's population have not been informed of this
answeri
and that the people responsible for responding have responded in the way -
in which they have.
This is more stunning, and in many ways more -
shocking to the sensibilities of the modern person than the fact that there
is life, intelligent life, from other star systems visiting our world.
Now, before presenting the actual evidence, we would like to go through a
brief discussion of science. It is true that 90 to 95 percent of everything
presented on this subject in the media, both print and electronic, books and
videos, is unadulterated rubbish. Now with that said, what is interesting is
that the core
70 percent of the information is so excellent.
row
Unfortunately the tendency of traditional science is to through the baby out →
which
with the bath water; but this is a very dangerous thing to do. Because
hugh
every great scientific discovery has been the result of sifting through a great
deat of noise to find that very coherent sound, that "A-hah" that makes
sense; and that is the task of a true scientist. The mother of all science is
empirical observation, whether it is Newton watching an apple fall from a
tree and hitting him on the head, or whether it is the serendipitous discovery
of a new type of molecule or organism by a lay person or a student.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 217, "chars": 1447, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
13
Empirical observation has been, and will always be, the bedrock of genuine
scientific advancement. Isn't it strange, however, that not withstanding the
huge number of empirical observations from trained observers that
traditional science rejects that we are being visited by extra-terrestrial lite -
reaction
forms? I would say that this is pseudo-science and not science. And it is →
dangerous because of the significance of this subject; and not only its —
Стачни
scenin insectens, ou inti sunural, political, religious, and even -
environmental implications, to miss something this major because of -
prejudice; because of former ridicule by official agencies of our and other —
governments, or because of a reluctance to acknowledge that there may be —
civilizations a few steps further down the technological road than we are,
borders on the criminal.
This type of pseudo-science can only be overcome by people insisting that
our leaders, scientific and otherwise, take a very hard look at the evidence.
A very well-known astronomer has stated, for example, that extraordinary -
claims require
extraordinary evidence.
We will present here
that
extraordinary evidence which has been called for.
- requested? —
But in a similar vein, we ask that the scientists and the public alike maintain
an open mind on this subject. Because it has been said that the mind is
like a parachute, it only functions when it's open. And if the mind is closed

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 231, "chars": 1410, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14
and dismisses out of hand information, observations, evidence because it
does not
fit one's preconceived prejudices and ideas, then great
discoveries will be missed. And the Earth will be robbed of extraordinary
opportunity.
All of this evidence which is being presented here has been available for -
quite some time to the public, except for some very small parts of it, albeit
conclusive ones, such as the government witnesses and astronautic →
witnesses which we have recently assembled. And what is fascinating is —
that it has been missed by the scientific press and by the public. I said →
earlier that this is no accident. And in a later Chapter we will go in depth
into how this subject has been managed covertly and for the last 40 to 50 →
years and what implications of that covert process are for democracy.
But it is important at the outset to discuss how this evidence has been -
buried and discredited. It would be nice if it had just been a matter of
oversight. But it has not been. There have been people
since the forties —
and fifties who have been employed for the express purpose of ridiculing, →
debunking and, in general, discrediting this field of knowledge. For
mena
example, the very well-known astronomer from Harvard, Donald Minsley, →
who wrote a number of books debunking this subject in the fifties and
sixties, was found after his death and through Freedom of Information Act

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 225, "chars": 1389, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
15
requests to have been on the payroll of covert agencies all those years,
even though he publicly had denied it.
He was,
in fact, a paid
disinformation specialist.
He was also a very esteemed Harvard
astronomer. The two were not mutually exclusive, nor are they mutually
exclusive today. For this reason, we would warn the public to carefully
weigh the denunciations and the ridicule, and the dismissal of this evidence -
by the experts and authorities.
A technique for keeping valid scientific inquiry away from this field has been
ridicule. It is an established fact, and SETI possesses the documents to
prove it, that there was a deliberate attempt as early as the 1953 period to -
make the entire subject to appear silly and to discredit it. Attempts such as →
engaging studios to make cartoons to ridicule, to make light of,/to create
have
silly scenarios and this has only intensified over the last 20 years. So
much so, that with the closure of the Air Force Project Blue Book, which —
was mainly a smokescreen and public relations ploy by the Air Force on the
subject while a covert group was really doing the genuine research, that
since that time, essentially, all information on this subject has been shoved
into the area of the "occult," the parapsychological, and if you go to a
bookstore today, you will find it under ghosts, goblins and things-that-go-
bump-in-the-night.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 242, "chars": 1443, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
16
This was not an accident. This was a result of many years of withholding
scientific credibility and magnifying the most absurd, titillating, and→
nonsensical stories within the civilian community. By doing so, it creates
a dynamic which is beyond the control of science. We might refer to this
as the kindergarten factor. If you are in kindergarten, think back, what was
the worst thing that could happen to you? To be ridiculed, to be laughed
who
at, to have your self-esteem crushed by your peers by being denigrated or -
pullu. No matter how great the scienit or how great the person, we
all have that child still within us, that responds in an aversive way to that
kind of ridicule. And by setting up a very large dynamic of ridicule on this
subject, it has guaranteed that people who have invested a great deayand in →
their professional careers and their scientific credentials would steer clear
of it.
Our team has had numerous, too numerous to count and even recall,
discussions with very respected scientists who know that this subject is real,
who know that this planet if being visited by advanced extra-terrestrial life
forms, but they wil not touch it with a tetoot pole. Why? Because they
would irreparably damage their reputations and their career because of the
represented (ov interpreted?)
way that the subject is held by the public and by the media as silly and
nonsensical and in such low esteem.
presented to the publi

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 1599, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I
7
17
This dynamic is an over-arching one that has dictated how this entire matter
has been discussed in this society, and to Wher the subject has, therefore, —
the topic has been relegated
been relegated.
And unfortunately that has often been to the, lowest -
(Non-meltery)
common denominator in the public and inf the civilian community. This is -
tragic, because there are many excellent scientists who have either had
direct experiences with the subject or who have certainly have looked at the
data because they are curious and have reached the conclusion that we are
being visite who will not step forward int eff current atmosphere of →
silliness, and ridicule and low self-esteem that attends this subject.
We cannot overstate how significantly this has impacted the scientific
community. It is appalling to be with people who are bright scientists and
to find that they can only whisper to each other about this subject; and that —
even scientists who have done research directly in the field of extra-
terrestrial technology will present their research completely disconnected
from the subject and present it the public as it iras complefely devised
out of thin air. The history of this is very deep and very far-reaching. And -
the only way to turn it around is for people, lay people and scientists
together, to state emphatically that this is a subject worthy of serious
investigation, research, and dialogue. And it is hoped that this body of -
on
evidence contributes to the turning of the atmosphere around this subject
from one of disbelief and ridicule to one of serious inquiry.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 225, "chars": 1342, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
18
I would like to return for just a moment to the concept of empirical
observation.
Because this becomes a critical question in terms of who qu
science evaluates something. Many people do not know, for example, that
a couple of hundred years ago meteorites were thought to be the hysterical
musings of peasants and farmers and lay people. That is was thought —
utterly impossible that a rock could fall from space or from the sky and land
on the ground. In fact, the scientific community in Europe stated flatly that
this was nonsense and the imagination of uneducated, simple minded
peasants. Of course, we now know that this is not true.
It is also shocking to learn that Werner Von Braun, who is one of the most
important pioneers in space travel, stated in 1949 that we could never go
from the Earth to the moon. Never. That it was a physical impossibility,
because the payload required and the amount of fuel required to get to the
moon was so great that the gravitational pull of the Earth would prohibit any
such vehicle from escaping Earth's gravitational pull and, therefore, would
never reach the moon. Well, 20 years later Neil Armstrong was taking that
giant leap for mankind.
I give these examples only to show that scientists and experts are notorious
for having prejudices and fixed views on things that keep them from seeing

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 264, "chars": 1624, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
engaq
19
the potential of what will be. And in this regard there are two types of
scientists. There are those who maintain the status quo and who add very
wRech
small increments to the field that they are working ift, and this would be the →
Employ
vast majority of people working/in scientific endeavors. And then there are →
Mo
scientists, the Newtons, the Gallelios, the Einsteins, who look at the world -
in a different way and make a quantum leap from current knowledge into
the pioneering fringes of knowledge and establish an entirely new field. -
Now, the orthodoxy of science is such that and the training of most →
those who maintain
scientists is such that it encourages and rewards the maintainers of the
status quo.
And Whether it is the field of medicine, of physics, of -
astrophysics or chemistry, we find over and over again scientists who make 1
new breakthroughs end up being stung, as it were; because they have
presented new information which does not fit the current paragon and the
current framework of understanding. What greater shock to the scientific -
Saragon than to state that there are extra-terrestrial life forms advanced
enough to travel through interstellar space, and go from their corner of the -
And,
examinea
Universe to ours.
And when the evidence is fooked at more deeply, to
discover that these vehicles are traveling at faster than the speed of light
(which is, of course, impossible according to the Einstein General Theory
stretch
of Relativity).
Or to
stress. the envelope one step further, to discover
through empirical observation, if not through a mechanistic understanding,

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 207, "chars": 1312, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20
that there is an interface between what we call thought or mind and these
machines and their control mechanismo, And that this interface between
thought and computer is as efficient as twentieth-century people picking up
the phone and talking to someone through satellite dishes in another
country.
These are stunning discoveries. And so there is a certain amount of
scientific indigestion which is attending this entire question. For that -
reason, there has been an inherent aversion to the subject, which extends
to the current time.
It would be useful to share one anecdote regarding
this.
In 1993 | was asked to give a keynote address at Cambridge University in
England to the MENSA Society, which is a group of people who claim to
have very high IQ's. And at the end of the presentation, wherein I
presented a fair amount of evidence and assessment on this question, an
elderly gentleman I estimate to be in his 70's got up and with great fury
said, "I find it utterly depressing that a man of your intelligence would be
wasting his life on such drivel." To which I replied, "Well, I beg to differ.
Because if everything we are presenting constitutes only a 10 percent
probability that we have detected extra-terrestrial life forms visiting this
planet,
this
one of the most significant discoveries and

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1418, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
21
acknowledgements in the history of the human race. And we dare not
ignore this data." He became more agitated and said, "''I have you know,"
with great British flair and fervor, "that I am a very respected British scientist
and have worked on many government committees. And if any of this were
true, I would have known about it."
And this revealed an interesting dynamic. How can scientists who regard —
themselves,the pinnacle of all knowledge recognize that we are really one. —
half of one step out of the jungle from a technological or civilization point of
view. Or that all of this could be going on around us, controlled very tightly
through a covert operation and that they wouldn't know about it. This,
again, has nothing to do with scientific rules of evidence. It has to do with
A
the psyche of the human being. And the psyche, in particular, of scientists, →
experts, and authorities.
Later, two friends of this scientist came up to me after the lecture at
Cambridge University and said, "I hope you weren't offended by our friend."
And I said, "Oh, not at all. I have been called everything in the book.
Nothing shakes me too much at this point." And they said, "Well, he was
actually frightened, and that's why he reacted this way." I said, "Really?
I didn't mean to portray the extra-terrestrials as malevolent or hostile at all,
because I am quite certain they are not." And they said, "Oh, no. He

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 228, "chars": 1324, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
22
wasn't frightened by the information; but he was frightened that it could be
true. And his entire paradigm of reality and his whole understanding of
cosmology and of science and of physics would be swept away as virtually
irrelevant in light of this being true. And this shook him to his foundation."
And/his was a very instructive moment, because what it indicated was that
-
the resistance to new fields of knowledge has almost nothing to do with
science and evidence; it has much more to do with the attachment to the
With
way things are or to the way things were. And the sort of chauvinistic -
identification of an individual's ego and self esteem with a certain
knowledge base or a certain fund of knowledge, so that when something
like this comes along, it becomes not just an intellectual challenge, but it is
almost eomes els an assault or a challenge to that person's entire identity -
and it therefore precipitates a scientific identity crisis. And that, indeed, is —
what we are dealing with.
In a later Chapter, we will discuss the implications for science and
technology of this subject. But we will just state here that the implications
are so vast and so far reaching that no aspect of life on Earth will be
date
untouched by it by this time in the next century. And that is how important
the subject is.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 218, "chars": 1358, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
23
-
I would like to comment for just a moment on the effort that went into
assembling this evidence. The reader will note that it is called, "The Best
b
Available Evidence." Available being the operative word, Because the best
evidence is held by various covert control groups; and by this I mean dead
who
barto mater
extra-terrestrial bodies, tissue samples, material,
, hardware, and entire,
intact extra-terrestrial spacecraft. We know these exist: we have excelen
first-hand testimony to this from multiple corroborating sources. But as of
this date, we are unable to haul out for you an intact ET craft or a fully. -
autopsied extra-terrestrial entity.
however)
Bat the evidence will show that, indeed, they exist and have existed in the -
hands of certain special access operations of our government for decades.
But without this conclusive proof, do not make the mistake that some very
clear conclusion can be made. Again, the whole is greater than the sum
of the parts. And the amount of evidence which has been assimilated is
overwhelming in its support of the fact that we are being visited by
interplanetary spacecraft.
It is sad that the rules of evidence tend to get changed so often. Anyone
who knows anything about modern astrophysics or quantum mechanics will
know that the vast majority of the evidence is inferred evidence, its indirect -

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 275, "chars": 1668, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
24
evidence. No one has ever been to a black hole. No one has ever held in
their hands or really definitively detected subatomic particles.
These are
detected almost by shadow and by inference. And yet, they are established
as scientific proof, and it's part of the scientific understanding. Now, how
strange it is that thousands of photographs, pilot encounters, landing traces,
eye witness corroborating testimony, and so on does not constitute sufficient —
evidence. This has nothing, therefore, to do with scientific evidence.
Again, it has to do with prejudice. As we attempted to assemble this body
of evidence we kept that in mind, realizing that the absolute best evidence
and proof was something not altogether available to us, although some of
us have seen it. So, the evidence that we are presenting is a sampling and
distillation of the best evidence that we could find from throughout the
world. It is not necessarily even the best that can be presented even in this -
format. Because what we wish to do is to have samples from throughout —
the world. And
this builds into it another intrinsic integrity to the evidence -
pool. Because many people will say, well, this sighting and this event was —
the testing of an advanced US craft test military vehicle. But when you find -
the same object photographed 30 years earlier in Portugal or video taped
around a volcano in Mexico, or having landed on a ranch in Argentina, then
you find that that ability to rationalize and dismiss it is greatly diminished. -
so, for that
reason the best evidence being presented here is -
the seme
representative from around the world. And for thaf reason we made great -

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 1432, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
25
efforts, also, to go and find evidence from throughout the world.
To those who would say that this simply isn't enough, and they are not -
convinced, we would say, that's OK. So long as you maintain an open
mind and continue to investigate, because as was shared earlie, it all of
this evidence constitutes only a 10 percent likelihood that extra-terrestrial -
life forms are landing on terra firma, the implications of this are so profound
that we dare not ignore it? No matter how unlikely the evidence may —
seem.
Finally, before presenting the bulk of the evidence, it is important to
recognize that an inter-planetary civilization, and, in fact, a starfaring -
civilization will not manifest the way twentieth century human technology is
and
manifesting. By definition it will be esoteric By definitiont will appear to -
be magic to us.
As we go through this evidence, this principle will be
brought to the fore over and over again, because it is critically important for
us not to dismiss evidence because it doesn't appear the way a jet fighter
or light bulb or cellular telephone appears., Put, in perspective, go back 500
years, and show the people of North America or Europe a light bulb, a -
flashlight, a telephone, a television, a laser, a hologram, an article of
clothing of synthetic material; it would all appear as absolutely magic. In
fact, if you showed it to the right or the wrong culture, should say you. -

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1634, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
26
cused
would probably be burned at the stake as a witch for having flashed that
flashlight at them. It is an incontrovertible fact that any civilization advanced
enough to travel through interstellar space and get here will have
technology that will look like magic to us. And so, we have to maintain an
incredibly rigorous open mind as we look at how these life forms might
manifest and to be very restrained in jumping to conclusions about their
technology or about the people who are inside these spacecraft. We have
often been out on research events with people who will see one of these
objects and it will suddenly "disappear." And the majority of people there —
will say, oh, it disappeared, it became unmanifest; which is sort of a magical _
explanation of something we don't understand. But what if the object went
from hovering to several million miles per hour instantly, did not accelerate
gradually, but instantly with from being still to that velocity? The human -
neuro-pathways of the eye and the brain simply cannot track that kind of
acceleration. Sof it would be there, then it would be gone. This is an —
example of how we have to be restrained so that we avoid jumping to
conclusions which are unwarranted and unscientific and, quite frankly,
illogical. On the other hand, there are aspects of this technology which
really are magical; at least they appear that way to twentieth-century
science. Ironically, an aboriginal in the Outback of Australia or a native in
the Yawnamano of South America would probably be able to understand
it better than a modern scientist. The reason for this is that the technology

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 226, "chars": 1492, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
27
of these spacecraft and of these life forms, by virtue of their capacity to
travel throughout interstellar space, is non-local. The technology itself if
-
accessing aspects of matter and aspects of what we call mind or thought -
which are essentially non-linear and therefore, can be extraordinarily -
confounding to a linear, reductionistic, mechanistic, rational, twentieth-
century scientist; but would make probably a great deal more sense to an
aboriginal in Australia.
These comments are shared so that the evidence presented will seem a
little more approachable and a little less confounding. But a great deal of
humility is called for as we look at this data and as we look at the evidence -
of something this extraordinary from our current level of scientific
knowledge. Would anybody 50 or 100 years ago have foreseen cellular
telephones and satellite TV? Would our great-grandparents have imagined -
that we would have gone to the moon and would fly transcontinental
distances as an everyday event As we look at the potential of
technological evolution into the future, we need to only look back 100 years
and see how far human technology has advanced to see haw extraordinary -
a technology which is 100,000 to 1,000,000 years more advance, than ours -
might be. We are conservatively estimating that these technologies fall into
that timeframe of advancement beyond the current state-of-the-art on this -
planet Earth.
So, as you look back 100 years from horse and buggies to

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 218, "chars": 1332, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
28
walking on the moon and space travel, extrapolate that into the future
100,000 or 500,000 or 1,000,000 years.
It is mindboggling. And so, it if
with that in mind and with a deep sense of humility and restraint thal we-
must view the manifestations of these spacecraft and the people on them.
We well go his
This will be goffe intoin greater detail in a later Chapterdater this week. |
think that concludes my introductory comments for BAE. Are there
questions up to this point on the topic related to what the comments have
tuto
been in the last 2 hours?
Q:
What exactly is empirical observations?
A:
Empirical means something that is observed in real time, like Newton
seeing an apple falling out of a tree. That is a direct observation, or
empirical measurement. Something that you can see and measure and
what-have-you. That is really the foundation of scientific discovery.
Q:
You referred several times to covert groups, and I kept thinking you
were going to say more at some point and throughout the hour and a half
-
you were just talking about covert groups.
two
A:
Yes. Later there will be 2 entire chapters dedicated to discussing the
issue
history of how this thing has been managed and also the nature of the -
covert entity which has been responsible for it. And so, I would like to defer
it until that timeframe.
-

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1477, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
29
L, have a question about why they would be interested in speaking or
( dialogues geferrebage
dialoging with us if they are that far ahead of us.
A: That is a very good question. Buti think it needs to be saved for a
ater point, let me comment on it briety, its in ease no one ask at a later we
- point this wook The question is if they are this advanced technologically.
why would they want to dialogue or observe or visit this planet. This will be
dealt with in detail after we take a break, where we look at the overall —
assessment of this issue and what's been going on. It really speaks to why
are they here;(what not on this Earth would motivate advanced life forms
to have any degree of interaction with this planet. And that will be
addressed in about 10 minutes.
Q:
If a framework based on physical laws were used for making, taking
action and the scientific community is not that reliable, maybe it won't be
able to agree even on what's basically law.
A: Was that a question?
Q:
Question and comment, both.
A: The comment was that will the scientists even be able to agree on
the physical laws involved with these manifestations of these. And! think-
the answer to that ig absolutely not. And these is tremendous controversy;
we will get into that in a later Chapter, as well, regarding how people view
this entire subject. There has been a tendency, for example, to put it into
ouncedent
the realm of the occult or the esoteric simply because we don't understand

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 292, "chars": 1663, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sue
the laws that are operating around these spacecraft. And yet there is an
inherent problem there. And that is, things that are not of a material nature
don't crash in the desert and the bodies don't rot and get eaten by coyotes,
which has happened in this area. And, so, we have to find some way of
evolving a paradigm that accounts for all of this seemingly conflicting and
paradoxical evidence. But I think it is important; it is a very good point; and -
I would like to comment for just a moment. We have to recognize that a
very small percentage of the actual physical laws of the Universe have
been elucidated by 1995. We cannot assume that the book of all
knowledge is closed. This is why it is so preposterous for scientists to say,
well, they can't get from there to here, because the distance is so great that
Trou
at sub-light speed it would take longer than a life span to get from their star -
system to this star system. Butthis is patently absurd, and anthropocentric
Because it is assuming that the laws of physics that might permit inter- -
stellar travel and therefore what we call trans-luminal velocities, beyond the
speed of light velocities, don't exist and cannot exist And that we in 1995 -
have discovered every law of the Universe and know everything that there
is to know. Now, scientists, if it was stated that way, would always say, 'on,
no, of course we wil discover other things Bul the way ther iney act, the -
behavior of science is usually based on the fact that we know everything-
and what we don't know isn't real. And this has, again, more to do with the
psyche of humans and an ego attachment to current knowledge than it

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 1665, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
31
does with the truth of a subject like this. Because there is no way that in the
short amount of time that we have anything resembling technology, that we
have mastered all the physical laws that there are to be mastered. And -
рым
even, theoreticallyjscientists are beginning to see that by adjusting, for -
example, a gravitation field, that you can bend what we call space-time so
-
that the distanceinstead of being 100 light years, might be half a light year. -
And the amplification of gravity waves, for example, through such
technology could completely alter what we would normally think of in terms
of the restrictions on linear travel as defined by Einsteins's physics. There -
will be much tearing of cloth and wailing over how these spacecraft are
getting from there to here. But it brings up a very important point,
And that
isja genuine scientist does not look at something and say, I don't -
understand how that can be and therefore it doesn't exist." A genuine -
scientist looks at something and says, well, there it is; now, let's see if we
can unravel the mysteries behind its existence! Put in a more prosaic way,
if an aboriginal in Australia were to see an F-16 fly over, an irrational →
response would be, well, I see it and I hear it, but because I don't
thats
understand how that much weight can be moving at Mach 2, it doesn't exist.
An equivalent thing is happening in this area in the scientific community,
where they, even when confronted with the evidence, and undeniable -
evidence, will say, well, it doesn't matter. It can't exist because we don't
understand how it could exist and therefore it doesn't exist." Well, this is not —

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 253, "chars": 1512, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
32
science, it is pseudo-science; and it is something which is surely going to
have to be altered. It's more related to the religious persecution of Galileo
than to any real scientific enquiry. And, so again, the mother of scientific
iscovery is empirical observation; and it is not for the observefto say I don-
ot understand if herefore it cant exist. tis for the observer to say there —
it is; now let's see what we can discover about it so we can understand how
it exists! That is how the great advances of science have happened, after—
all, over the last several hundred years. And it should be no different in this
area. But, again, jts the issue is less one of scientific rigor than of
psychological denial. Because for scientists to admit that they are staring
at technologies that far advanced and that far beyond our current
understanding of the physical laws of the Universe js an extremely humbling -
experience. And, in general, authorities, experts, and scientists do not like
-
to humbled.
Q:
May I just point out that in the 1840's there was a serious move by
the federal government to close down the US Patent Office because it was
generally thought that everything of importance had been invented by that
time.
A: The comment was made in 1840 there was a move to shut down the
US Patent Office because it was thought at that time everything of
importance had been discovered and there would be further significant
discoveries. It is a truth that every generation of scientists unwittingly puts

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 95, "chars": 521, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
33
themselves on the throne where they think that they are at the summit of
all knowledge. Of course, only to be knocked off that throne by the next
generation, or the next day, as knowledge is exploding now af new
discoveries come along. I think anyone who would look at the history of
science and technology would have to admit that this is a very real dynamic
and one which we must begin to come to grips with as we look at this
extraordinary body of evidence, only a scintilla of which is going to be
presented here.
