{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T21:20:01Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 76, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3141556, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116904-dr-greer-presents-expose-of-the-national-security-state-transcript-november-21-2015.pdf", "source_sha256": "54762c13fe3796846b3205bbd29925866c733e519e930320cf6d08cf656770c5"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 321, "chars": 1912, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. GREER AND THE DEEP NATIONAL SECURITY STATE-NOVEMBER 21, 2015
Okay, I would like to welcome all of you to this special presentation on The Deep National
Security State and UFOs. This is going to be a presentation four hours in length. We will take a
break at about the half-way point; maybe about an hour-and-forty-five minutes in, two hours. I'd
like to just thank all of you for coming. I know you are from all over the country here; people
from Chicago, New York and I want to express my appreciation for your support and effort in
coming all that way to be here. I'd also like to welcome all the folks online, there are several
thousand people online, who will be seeing this by Webinar and I'd like to extend a welcome to
them. A big shout out to them for coming, thank you, you're here in virtual reality.
I am Dr. Steven Greer, founder of The Disclosure Project and CSETI, (The Center for the Study
of Extraterrestrial Intelligence) and The Orion Project. These projects have all been amalgamated
under SiriusDisclosure.com, where you can go to see what the projects are doing at any given
time. This presentation is going to be part of a series. In this presentation you'll learn things that
the President of the United States doesn't know. I give you my assurance that it's true. (At this
point, he thanks volunteers and mentors and his wife of 36 years, Emily, for being that
indispensable person who supported him in giving up a lucrative medical practice to pursue the
Disclosure Project for the past 25 years).
The first thing I want to go through is an architecture of what the Deep National Security State
is. When I started out in 1990, I didn't think this could possibly be true. In fact, when I met with
a French government official a few years ago, here, in Washington and then out on our farm in
Virginia, I got a phone call from a man from Air Force Intelligence, a liaison to the French

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2266, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
president at that time, Nicolas Sarkozy, who said, "This is fantastic and terrible," and he didn't
know if he quite believed it. I told him to come to Washington and I'd let him meet some folks
that are in the Deep National Security State who will confirm everything I tell you. They came to
Washington, we had a meeting and I began to explain to them that there are two governments.
There is the government of "We, the People" that Thomas Jefferson spoke of that we elected and
appointed, and since World War II there has evolved a monster, which you're going to hear
about, which desperately needs to be put on a leash and eventually phased out and that is the
Deep National Security State of "unacknowledged special access projects." This is a term most
people are unfamiliar with. If you're from the D.C. area, you've probably heard of TSSCI (Top
Secret Special Compartmented Intelligence), a Top-Secret clearance— about 985,000 people
have them. That and $1.50 will get you on the metro-those are not unusual. What is unusual are
the projects I'm about to talk to you about. These unacknowledged special access projects are
projects that have not been supervised by the President or the Congress in an appropriate way
since at least 1956. This is a key date to keep in mind. I was only one year old, then, so couldn't
do anything about that; most people here were not of an age where we could have done anything
about that disaster. We're going to talk about how that evolved...and how an unacknowledged
special access project really operates. The first thing you need to understand is that it developed
as a consequence of the extraordinary secrecy around the UFO issue. If you doubt it, it goes all
the way back to 1945. I'm going to go through some documents, the one that is up here is one
that we acquired and released. It's now the number one viewed document on the FBI site. But
before I get to that, I want to talk about what happened in the 1940s and World War II. Most of
you know we had President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and there were events going on in
Europe and also in the Pacific, but mainly in Europe. There were these things called, "Foo-
Fighters." Yes, it's a rock group. Dave Grohl, he's a great guy, he named his band after what I'm
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2273, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
going to tell you. A Foo-Fighter, aside from being a really fun rock band, were objects flying
around our aircraft in World War II. Sometimes they were fully materialized and hard. Most of
the time, they were an energy field that looked spherical. They could come through an aircraft,
even coming down the center of the aircraft and out the other end. This is the trans-dimensional
nature of extraterrestrial technologies that I covered in a previous workshop. This became a huge
concern for the Allies. President Roosevelt, on behalf of the Allies, dispatched a man named
General Jimmy Doolittle. Now how do I know this? I know this because his nephew is a very
dear friend of mine, Dr. John Altschuler, a hematologist/oncologist in Denver, very renowned.
General Doolittle was asked to go to the Theater of Operations in Europe to find out what these
things were. The word, Foo-Fighters comes from the French and German 'faux' for fire because
there were these fiery— they had a luminous corona around them. They would disrupt
electromagnetic signals; they would have effects on the gravity around an aircraft and other
things such as the guidance systems, compasses, etc. The Americans and British thought it was a
secret Nazi weapon. We found out through our spies that the Germans thought it was a secret
Allied weapon and of course, it was neither. General Doolittle investigated this and came back to
the White House and reported back to President Roosevelt, saying, "Sir, these are interplanetary
vehicles." So began the modern era of serious concern from the national security level about
UFOs. You could argue that this went back to the late 1890s where there were massive craft seen
off the coast of California, but there really wasn't that much official concern back then it was a
sort of enigma. In World War II, because of the type of weapons being developed both by Hitler
and by America the "interstellar's," as I call them, became very concerned about what humans
were doing on earth and the risk of our destroying this planet which, in carefully analyzing the
history of this, I believe they have an interest in its survival and the survival of humanity. The
president, at that point, did assemble a group of folks that included Oppenheimer, people who
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2023, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
worked on the Manhattan Project, Dr. Vannevar Bush (no relation to President Bush) and others
to look into this issue. By the time we detonated the first atomic bomb, the facilities at White
Sands Missile Range in New Mexico and Alamogordo were being overflown regularly by UFOs.
They were very concerned, obviously, that we were developing weapons that could terminate life
on the planet and they could see where this was headed. So this was not something that just
happened out of the blue. There's a history here you must understand. In the early days, and I'm
talking from the early to mid-1940s until 1956, there was a reasonable level of constitutional
oversight by key members of Congress, senior people in the administrations and the President of
the United States. Everything changed in 1956. When we had the only nuclear-technically it's
an atomic bomb squadron and not a thermonuclear one, which was developed later. The
difference between atomic and thermonuclear is atomic bomb is fission, nuclear is fusion;
hydrogen. Anyway, the atomic bomb that we dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki was
developed, as you all know, in New Mexico and tested at White Sands. Eventually in Roswell,
NM, that was the only bomber squadron that had atomic bombs in the world for a number of
years before the Soviet Union developed them. In 1947, there were two or threeI have
intelligence recently that indicates there were three — so-called flying saucers/discs flying by
doing surveillance of the 509# Bomber Squadron, which was the only atomic bomb squadron in
the world and they switched on, suddenly, an "alleged" radar system. Read this document
carefully….
This-I know it's hard to see the original. It's dated 1950; it was to J. Edgar Hoover-the J.
Edgar Hoover building is right near here—An Air Force source stated that there were three
flying saucers recovered in New Mexico. They're described as circular in shape with raised
centers, 50 feet in diameter. Each one was occupied by three bodies of human shape, but only

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2032, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
three feet tal. they were actually about 39 inches tall— in metallic cloth, very fine texture etc.
It says that the saucers were found in New Mexico due to the fact that the government has a very
high-powered radar set-up in that area and it's believed the radar interferes with the controlling
mechanism of the saucers. This is a little anthropocentric and childish because if you can go
interstellar you can handle a radar system. What actually happened is that those radar domes had
a scalar longitudinal electromagnetic weapon, which is another whole classification of
electromagnetic warfare systems that we'll get into later. Suffice it to say, it was an early scalar
"Star Wars" hit, and when they switched that on at least two of these dises collided. One went
down northwest of Roswell and the other continued and was more intact and impacted near
Socorro, New Mexico. That's where they actually retrieved the bodies. The one that was just
north of Roswell was obliterated into little teeny pieces; tiny little pieces. Where they did retrieve
and we have Disclosure Project witnesses who have testified to this, who have personally seen
what looks like almost hieroglyphic writing on some of the little parts that were retrieved. I've
seen these, it's very interesting because it's reminiscent of the ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics,
but not quite the same, but you wonder where the pyramids came from. So that event was an
early hit. There are some reports of others, but that's the most documented one.
This document from the FBI is significant because, obviously, three years later, you had one
branch of government trying to find out what the other top-secret branch of the government was
doing. You can tell by the tone of it. I made inquiries here and there and it's a bunch of
skullduggery that happens between agencies and competition. There's always been competition
between FBI, CIA, Air Force Intelligence and so on. This happens not only with the United
States, it also happens between allies and all alliances.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 370, "chars": 2268, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The next document is one of the most important documents- and by the way, after I briefed the
CIA director, James Woolsey (sitting CIA director under President Clinton) about all this stuff
which we'll get into in a moment, I got a cache of several thousand of these documents, about
five thousand of them. They are in my vault, I don't know what to do with them. If we presented
what was in them, it would take us from now until 2017, but let me just say that this document
was accidentally released by the Canadian government and look at the date on it, November 21,
1950. How ironic! This is the 65th anniversary of the writing of this document by Wilbur Smith,
who had a top-secret clearance. He was tasked by the Canadian government to find out what the
Americans were doing. If you look at page two, you'll see just a brief summary. There's a whole
lot of detail in the document. You can see it on our website. The reason I want to present it is the
importance of the document. It says, "The matter is the most highly classified subject in the
United States government, rating higher than the H-bomb." Think about that. The H-bomb
wasn't detonated until 1952. It was the ultimate 'Doomsday Weapon'. This project dealing with
UFOs and interstellar technologies was more highly classified than the H-bomb. B; Flying
saucers exist. Their modus operandi is unknown, but a concentrated effort is being made by a
small group headed by Dr. Vannevar Bush, who also worked with Edward Keller, Oppenheimer
and others. Four; the entire matter is considered by the United States authorities to be of
tremendous significance. I have a whole dossier that a Canadian put together of the Wilbur Smith
investigations on behalf of the Canadian government to find out what in the hell the Americans
were doing with these extraterrestrial vehicles. It's a fascinating case. The reason this is so
important is that it acknowledges several things. That they exist; that it's the most secret issue in
the US government, exceeding the secrecy of the H-bomb and that a group had been put together
to study how they (UFOs) operate. Well, they were studying materiel recovered from one or
more interstellar crashes that were the result of using these scalar longitudinal electromagnetic
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 361, "chars": 2136, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
systems, which Tesla had worked on and others had worked on in the early part of the twentieth
century. Keep In mind that by the early 1900s, there had been experiments done on, not only
scalar and electromagnetic longitudinal systems, which are, to put it in simple layman's terms,
the light in this room that we're looking at has a wave function and a particle function it goes
186,000 miles per second. A scalar longitudinal system is, there's no wave, it's boom and it's a
point and it's multiples of the speed of light. So once you understand how these operate and I
have folks at the Naval Research Labs, here in Washington, who have done communications
systems developed, based on pulsed scalar systems that are multiples of the speed of light. So, if
you think you cannot communicate faster than the speed of light, you are wrong and the
physicists are wrong. It's because they don't know about the scalar end of this, because that's all
classified. 'They are not going to teach you that at MIT or Cal-Tech. These systems have been
developed and have been deployed since at least the mid-1940s, which is a frightening thought,
because it's an area of technology that is potentially devastating if it's in the wrong hands and
unfortunately, it fell into the wrong hands and there it remains.
One of the things that happened around this time—The next document, a very important one
look at the release date; it is a few months after I briefed the CIA director. So after I met with
him I said, "Look, I'm going to give you a list of stuff I want to see if I can get." I got this
massive box. It came out to my farm in Virginia. This document is one of them and there are
others, it's from 1953, although you can't see the date very well, here. It's written by the director
of the CIA to the Director of Psychological Strategy Board. Psychological Strategy Board, what?
Psychological warfare. It says, you can read it: "I'm transmitting to the National Security
Council a proposal" —Tab A which we don't have- "which has concluded the problems
connected to UFOs appear to have implications for psychological warfare, as well as for

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 341, "chars": 2072, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
intelligence and operations." Then there's another Tab B, which has the background. I'd love to
see that one: "I suggest that we discuss at an early board meeting the possible offensive or
defensive utilization of these phenomena for psychological warfare purposes." Remember this
document four hours from now because basically, what they concluded was, they needed to do a
few things. They wanted to be able to set up a deception around this subject and put out false
information; use it as a cover story for classified aerospace research. So oftentimes, there will be
something that happens and it will look like a UFO, when it's actually a Northrup-Grummond,
my uncle's company was Northrup-Grummond, he worked on the lunar module, or Lockheed-
Martin Skunkworks, or some other aerospace entity and it will be 100% manmade and the public
will say, "Oh my God, it's a UFO!" and they'll not correct them. There's no correction
forthcoming. They want you to believe it's a UFO. Why? Because it provides a cover for
classified research with technologies that, if they were allowed to come out would terminate the
oil, gas, and coal industries. They're using zero-point energy and gravity control which, then,
brings me to the next issue...
By October, 1954..so now we're 61 years plus one month into an era, and this was confirmed to
me by the third-highest-ranking official at the Naval Research Labs. and the highest ranking
scientist—so someone who wasn't a bureaucrat at the Naval Research Labs, which Thomas
Edison founded, and the Naval Research Lab is the largest defense lab in the United States.
Richard Foch, I knew him for many years before he passed away of prostate cancer not too long
ago, was this gentleman. I never wanted to discuss who he was until he passed away. He was a
very senior guy in this system. One of the things he shared was that he was in "The Vault" the
same vault the next document came out of, which has a great story behind it. He was going
through some documents and found that it wasn't in the 1960s or 1970s, but in the 1950s that we

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2266, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
actually mastered gravity control. What does that mean? Gravity control is the ability to put an
electromagnetic field at certain voltages and with certain angular momentum so that this object
becomes massless, weightless, no mass. The mass component, which has to do with angular
momentum and things of this sort of the subatomic particles can make this object so light that it
has no mass, which means that if you look at your physics equations, velocity is inversely
proportional to mass. So, if mass becomes zero, velocity can go to infinity in a given amount of
energy, which means you can move into another dimension. It doesn't go to infinity, you go
trans-dimensional. We'll talk about this some more later. This began to be experimented with in
the 1920s. A guy named T. Townsend Brown developed a system using crystalline structures and
very high voltages going into an object, and that object would begin to levitate. Marcel Vogel,
one of the chief engineer scientists for IBM in North Carolina on the Reynolds Estate, did the
same thing in the 1960s and 1970s. One of the members of my team and one of our Disclosure
Project witnesses worked with Marcel Vogel doing this with crystalline structures. It can be
crystals, but it can also be nanocrystalline material such as metallic. Most metals and rocks are
crystal. Actually, water is crystalline, we're crystalline. You can put this system around almost
anything, and it will begin to become increasingly massless. Now, it doesn't have to be zero
mass, maybe it's 0.1 mass so it's still materialized and you see it, but it means, man, can you
accelerate this thing! Instead of going, like the space shuttle, at 25,000 mph, you can go at
several million mph and take a right turn. There's no deceleration effect because everyone on
board is corrected for one G (gravitational force). This is what began to develop in the 1920s, got
taken into some Army/Air Force projects in the 1930s and 1940s and was Adolph Hitler's secret
weapon. The Germans weren't making the progress on the atomic bomb that we were, but they
had almost perfected gravity control by the end of World War II. One of the things the OSS
(Office of Special Services) did, which became the CIA after World War II, they had something
9

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 393, "chars": 2278, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
called Operation Paperclip. A whole book was written on it not too long ago about how they
would put a paperclip on the file of the Nazis we didn't want to go to Nuremburg to be executed,
but whose knowledge was so great that we wanted them as part of our program. We wanted what
they knew. So one of these guys was a guy named Wernher Von Braun, who invented the V-2
rocket for Adolf Hitler and Hermann Oberth, these were all the giants of rocketry and aerospace
technology for Hitler; they became the foundation, brought in by the CIA, of what became our
space program in the 1940s and 1950s. This is how we leapt ahead of the Soviet Union because
we took all those people first ahead of the Soviet Union. An interesting bit of history and you
don't read this many places. A lot of what I'm telling you isn't in conventional history books, not
the UFO part, that's been sanitized out that's forbidden knowledge. So, as a result, by the time
we had those guys and the experimentation had been done by T. Townsend Brown, whose work
became part of a corporation called the Rand Corporation, which still exists, a huge think tank,
we really had something going. Add to this the study of materiel and electronics retrieved from
interstellar vehicles that were shot down. A lot of people say that the things we have are all just
reverse-engineered from interstellar ET? I say, "No." The laws of the universe are universal and
the mind of man, just like the mind of an ET, can unravel the mysteries of the universe and so it
has come to pass. We're not starting at zero when we retrieved the objects that were interstellar,
we're starting with decades of research and classified electronics, electromagnetic fields, anti-
gravity, scalar systems, etc. that had been going on since the time of Nicola Tesia. The true
genius of the twentieth century, not Albert Einstein by the way, who was a minor luminary
compared to Tesla. Sorry Einstein fans, but it's true. That's why, when Nicola Tesla died, the
FBI swooped into his apartment and confiscated all of his secret papers. How do I know this? I
have a document from the Department of Defense, demanding that the FBI turn them over and
names them for what they are, the secret papers of Nicola Tesla. This is not an urban myth. I
10

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 358, "chars": 2260, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
have that document, which came in this cache of documents I'm talking about. So when you
have all of that knowledge it's then augmented, increased, potentiated by the study of, as the
Wilbur Smith document says, the materiel that was interstellar because you need specialized
materials; you need control systems; you need integrated circuits, which we did not have in the
1940s, which came from this. You need fiberoptics. You need all kinds of stuff. This is where
Colonel Corso, who worked on these projects tangentially is correct. If you read, The Day After
Roswell, he says fiberoptics, integrated circuits, and a whole slew of things came from studying
the materiel retrieved from these crashed ET interstellar objects. You had the biggest, most top-
secret, most well-funded project in the history of the United States going on. Nobody knew about
it. It's completely sub rosa; it was more secret than the hydrogen bomb. So, between 1945 and
1954, the brain power of the Nazi aerospace folks like Wernher Von Braun and Hermann
Oberth, the work of T. Townsend Brown and others, Edward Keller, some of the brightest, most
genius people in the world, bent their attention primarily not to the hydrogen bomb, but to
gravity control and how are these interstellar visitors getting here? That would then be the
ultimate edge, wouldn't it, in the technological arms race? You talk about a delivery system you
don't need an intercontinental ballistic missile that goes a few thousand mph if you can deliver
something instantly from one continent to another or worse, from one planet to another. You
begin to see the implications of this for national security. Therefore, it was managed in an
extraordinary fashion and the secrecy around it was increasingly ruthless. So much so that by
1956, the President of the United States, a man named Dwight Eisenhower, most of us drive on
Eisenhower-era highways, using 1880s Mercedes-type internal combustion engine cars that are
run by fossil fuels; all of which have been obsolete since the 1940s or sooner. Eisenhower, who
was a five-star general, became a two-term president, was a Republican, very patriotic, but also
very naively trusting. Jackie Gleason, the very famous comedian and his wife were friends with
11

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2234, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
!
some folks who have been on my team before they passed away said that Eisenhower, on his
deathbed, was a very bitter man over what happened to him between 1954 and when he left
office in early 1961 when Jack Kennedy became president of the United States. In 1956, a man
named Nelson Rockefeller, who later became vice-president, and prior to that was an operative
in the Military Industrial Complex and the emerging Deep National Security State. Nelson
headed up what's called the Rockefeller Commission, which in 1956 reorganized the Pentagon,
Department of Defense, CIA the whole alphabet soup of secret entities, and they did so in such a
way that it became labyrinthine, Byzantine almost impossible to penetrate by anyone wanting to
navigate through it. In the early days there was still some presidential knowledge. We have one
of our witnesses, Mr. Lovekin, an attorney, who was a young man at the White House Signal
Corps, here at the White House, down the street from where we're speaking today. You'll find
his testimony on our website, Siriusdisclosure.com and he says he'd be at meetings and
Eisenhower would be making doodles, pictures of UFOs and ET craft. In fact, I have one in my
condo here, in DC that someone lifted from the archives. I won't say where and how. He said,
basically, Eisenhower voiced to him great frustration over the fact that there were all these
projects going on and he had lost control of the oversight of them. What happened with the
Rockefeller Commission in 1956, is that they made it virtually impossible for any ordinary
congressman or the president, you know, they come in every four to eight years, so by the time
they leave, maybe they're a little less wet behind the ears, but it's a system that guarantees their
ignorance except to the extent that they want to give you just enough information to control
what's going on. We'll get into this in a moment. So by the time Eisenhower left office, he made
the very famous speech about "Beware the Military Industrial Complex." as you've seen in the
film, "Sirius." By the way, "Sirius" became number one on Netflix a few months ago. Cool,
thank you guys for supporting that! The president said it will become a threat to our national
12

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2288, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
security and our way of life, not the UFOs, the secrecy. No less a figure the same year, Admiral
Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter, the first director of the CIA, you can look this document up I have
more documents that we have time to go through—it's a letter, where he's writing and saying
that the secrecy around the UFO subject is a threat to our national security and to the United
States, this is the first CIA director. Because he also found out later that he was being "Schmidt-
canned;" pushed aside by these neo-fascists who had taken over the intelligence community, the
aerospace community, and the large corporations. What happened over those years from 1947
until 1956 was that there was a deliberate, albeit imperceptible initially, takeover by the
corporate state. Corporations working with unacknowledged special access projects, which are
completely off the radar, not funded officially, took over operations. As a result of that, those
national security programs increasingly became out of reach for the president and out of reach
for members of congress or even cabinet-level people, like CIA directors, secretaries of state and
people of this sort. This was a gradual thing that happened, but there was an abrupt change by
1956. By 1961, when Eisenhower left office, frankly, we were done. It was done. I couldn't do
anything about that at that point, I couldn't run the Disclosure Project because I was only five or
six years old, so it just suffered and went along and the national security apparatus got bigger and
bigger and bigger. When Jack Kennedy took over in January of 1961, he had a great interest in
this and he was, in fact, briefed on the subject, but as we know from a Lieutenant Halt, who was
on the early meetings I had that ironically Nelson's brother, Lawrence Rockefeller, the white hat
in the Rockefeller clan, who actually wanted to end secrecy on the subject. Lawrence Rockefeller
was a very early supporter of CSETI and the Disclosure Project. He funded and I organized the
Asilomar/Monterey gathering of KGB/CIA/astronauts/cosmonauts in 1995. What I found is that
some of the people who came had been involved with the Kennedy Administration. One of these
gentlemen, this lieutenant colonel was on Air Force One flying to Berlin when Kennedy made a
13

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2146, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
very famous speech "I am a Berliner;" although I think he misspoke it a little from what I hear
from the Germans. But, on that flight, this Air Force officer, who was sort of like the chief
steward on Air Force One, had a chat (with the president) and this issue came up. He had seen
one of these UFOs as an Air Force pilot and there are thousands of sightings like this that we
have in our archives. He brought this up to President Kennedy, who said, yes, he knew about
this. He'd been briefed on it a little bit and now I'm quoting, I have this audiotape from him it is
a chilling audiotape, but the President said, "Unfortunately, the whole matter is out of my hands
and I don't know why," and began to cry. That was June of1963, and, of course, he was killed in
November. But before that, some other tragic things happened. There are a lot of tragedies here;
the main thing being the loss of almost a century of evolution by the human race, which is why I
left medicine. I always tell people, "I used to try to save a life one at a time. Now, we have to do
something to save the entire human race and planet from what is a disastrous situation that's
developed." So, I just say that now, "All of us have to work together because our patient is Gaia,
the Earth and her seven billion children."
If you look at this next document, the next one, this is a very dangerous document to have. I'm
not going to give you the provenance of this. This is the Marilyn Monroe document. It's
basically a death warrant for poor Marilyn Monroe. The date on it is August 3, 1962. They found
her dead the fifth August. It's signed by James Jesus Angleton III; Project Moondust up at the
top and Project 46. These are correct code names and code numbers for UFO/ET-related projects
by the agency as of that date and, as you read through it, it gives some background. It's a wiretap
summary, if you look at the top of it, it's a very degraded document, but it's a wiretap summary
of telephone conversations between Marilyn Monroe and Robert Kennedy, the Attorney General
and a guy named Rothberg, who was an art dealer in New York. They were tapping Marilyn's
14

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2247, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
phone because she'd had a tryst, as it says here, with the president and everyone knows now she
had an affair with both Jack Kennedy and Robert Kennedy and in pillow talk, the president had
told her some things and it says, "One such secret that she was going to divulge in a news
conference, mentions the visit by the president at a secret air base for the purpose of inspecting
things from outer space." I don't think they're talking about meteorites. Kilgallen, a reporter
who'd dug into this, replied that "She knew what might be the source of the visit." In the mid-
1950s, Kilgallen learned of a secret effort by US and UK governments to identify the origins of
crashed space craft and dead bodies from a British government official. That was Lord
Mountbatten, who was later blown up by an IRA bomb or so it was made to appear. Kilgallen
believed the story may have come from a New Mexico crash in the late 1940s a clear reference
to the Roswell event. She said, "If the story was true, it would cause terrible embarrassment to
Jack and his plans to have NASA put men on the moon because we were using old rockets from
the 1940s when the secret organization already had anti-gravity under control. The subject
(Marilyn) continually called the Attorney General and complained about the way she was being
ignored by the president. The subject threatened to hold a press conference and would tell all,"
underlined in the original document. That's not my underlining. "The subject made references to
bases in Cuba and knew of the president's plan to kill Castro, and number five, "The subject
made references to her diary of secrets and what the newspapers would do with such
disclosures." Two days later, she's found dead. This document—-how did I get it? It's top-secret
and it has not been de-classified and it is authentic. A man whose family helped found the NSA
(National Security Agency) was so supportive of the work I was doing, that he appeared one day
with this document and it was a huge, one of those old Xerox from a big government Xerox
machine. The original I have in my vault is quite impressive. He said, "You need to know the
kinds of things" —I think he was, not trying to scare me off, but he wanted me to know the kinds
15

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 394, "chars": 2218, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of things that have been done to people who tell these kinds of secrets. So, he gave me this
document and as soon as I saw it I suspected it was legitimate. Later I had it inspected by a man
who I don't wish to name, but he was the officer who was, General Odom who was head of the
NSA for years, he was General Odom's right-hand man, literally carried his briefcase. He
became a document authenticator and a lecturer at the University of Maryland who, frankly,
when he looked at it, he said, "without my taking it from the vault myself, I can tell you with
95% certainty that it's authentic," because everything in it. So basically, what happened is that
Marilyn Monroe was being jilted by the Kennedy's because it was becoming too well known
they were having an affair. The Kennedy's did not order her assassination, Angleton did. Now,
who is Angleton? Whole books have been written about this guy. James Jesus Angleton III was
the guy, who at the CIA who was the big mole hunter. The guy who would chase down
anywhere a leak was coming from and had everyone tapped. He realized that she was about to
light this up and hold a press conference to talk about the ET bodies from outer space and all
these secrets Jack Kennedy had told her just out of spite. She was just furious that they had
pushed her out of the inner circle and you know the whole thing about a woman scorned.
Unfortunately for Marilyn, it cost her, her life. I later, after I got this document, met with a man
who, at that time, had worked in the intelligence unit of the Los Angeles Police Department, who
separately had a wiretap on her in her home who confirmed to me this was 100% true. I don't
know how many of you know a guy named Burl Ives who was an actor, singer and everyone
thinks he was Frosty the Snowman, but he was actually a very accomplished actor and folk
singer. He was very good friends with Marilyn Monroe, Elizabeth Taylor people like that. He
was on my executive committee for a number of years and by the time he was involved, I had
that document and I went to visit him. They had moved from Montecito in Santa Barbara up to
Anacortes, Washington. I was in his room, actually sitting on the edge of his bed, he was up in
16

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2242, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
years, big jolly guy, great bear of a guy and I shared this document with him. He was a 335d
degree Mason, by the way, and he said, "We all know, every one of us knew Marilyn had been
killed, but we never knew why. We had no idea why. This is why." This was also a shot across
the bow to the Kennedy's. Now Jack Kennedy had great affection for Marilyn, even though it
was indiscreet for him to continue seeing her and he was furious that someone in the intelligence
community- I don't even think he, he certainly didn't know about this document. He was very
upset, is what I understand, that Marilyn was killed by these operatives and he vowed to try to
bring out this information himself. I think that's why he began to speak a little more openly to
this Air Force officer whose audio recording I have and that was, of course, a year later. This
happened in August, 1962, the recording the Air Force officer, that conversation with Jack
Kennedy happened in June, 1963. In November he was assassinated. Kennedy was planning, if
he had become president (for a second term), he was going to dissolve the CIA, get us out of
Vietnam, disclose this information and make peace with the Soviet Union. That's what he was
going to do. Those folks in the intelligence community, the war mongers and profiteers and the
Military Industrial Complex said, "like bloody hell you will." And that was the end of him.
That's why, I mean although I thought they were joking, initially-—is this good information for
you folks? I hope it's not too much. I'm going to cover an enormous amount of information
today. You've got to know the background. Over this time period from 1945, 1940s until the
early 1960s there developed-—a decision was made. I know this sounds like a joke because
everyone says it; "If I tell you, I have to kill you." But there's some truth to that. The secrecy that
developed around this issue became more and more and more restricted even from people who
were presidents or senate intelligence committee members or members of the cabinet. Another
man who was killed was John Foster Dulles; shoved out of a window. Dulles CIA director was
starting to make noises about making changes in the direction of things and he was also killed.
17

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 399, "chars": 2283, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dulles Airport is named after him. The decision was made how do we do this without risking
having to continue to engage in the wet works? There's a guy I know at the CIA who kind of has
my back, a PhD guy who has a team of wet works guys. Wet works are assassinations. Wet
comes from blood. You don't want to pull the trigger on wet works if you don't have to. They
decided here in the 1950s and 1960s to create so much secrecy and have it so compartmentalized
and tightly held that they didn't want to risk doing that anymore because it was really disruptive
to the nation. That is really the genesis of unacknowledged special access projects. A special
access project just means you have to have the clearance to get to it, be 'read into it' as they say
in military-speak. But an unacknowledged projectI just want to go through how that works.
Let's say that this gentleman is a four-star general and I'm a colonel, but I'm in an
unacknowledged special access project dealing with this or some other subject, it can be other
things as well. If I am in an unacknowledged project, I am told, and one of my most senior
military advisors has been in multiple of these, he was in one project that was two to three billion
dollars. He knew it was more than two and almost three billion dollars. A project that was off the
books, no accounting, the president didn't know, congress didn't know, tightly held, military guy
working with some corporate folks. He told me, "Here's how it works, they take you to a SCIF
(secure communication intelligence facility, take all the equipment off of you, any guns off, cell
phones, watches, nothing; anything metallic. You go into this underground facility and there's a
meeting, and you have a 'coming to Jesus talk.' What happens is that you are told that only the
people in that room are read into and cleared for this unacknowledged special access project and
if you speak of it outside that circle of people, there's one person there with a gun and a bullet.
He takes the bullet out and says, 'It has your name on it if you speak to anyone and I mean
anyone; your wife, the president, your commander about what we're doing.' That is exactly how
it works." This is not a conspiracy theory. I've been in these SCIF's. I've been in a couple of
18

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 388, "chars": 2295, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
places and I can tell you that is exactly how it operates. So, one of the things I want to make
really clear about what I'm presenting today I'm not talking about anything that I don't have
firsthand, direct knowledge of everything I'm telling you, every bit of it. I don't care about
conspiracy theories they're mostly 99% wrong and I really don't care about internet chatter. This
is 25 years of the most incredible investigative research. I put over $10 million of my earnings
and life to get this far. I can tell you, if you're in an unacknowledged project and I was offered
this position back in 1992, you can ask my wife about it and I rejected it. I was actually offered
$2 billion, personally, a fund with $2 billion in it if I would shut the hell up, join one of these
unacknowledged projects, do what they wanted me to do and I said, "Screw you! I'm not doing
it. " But that's what was offered and that's when a billion dollars was a lot of money. Now,
they're making a billionaire every week in Silicon Valley, but in 1992, $2 billion was a lot of
money. What ended up happening in this scenario is that, if my four-star commanding general
calls me in because he's heard rumblings about something that people are working on that he
didn't know about, under threat of death TWEP (terminate with extreme prejudice), which is
death, I am to turn to him, even though he's my four-star commander and I'm only a colonel, and
I'm to say, "Sir, no such project exists." That's how it works. It's illegal, it's unconstitutional,
it's criminal, it's dangerous because once you have a breakdown in the rule of law, we're back in
the jungle. We're back into Al Qaeda territory. We're back into the wild west where there's
lawlessness and that's what happened and because of that, no president since Eisenhower has
had anything near the level of information on this that would be required for the chief executive.
Most CIA directors haven't. There are a few that have and a few that haven't, and I'll tell you a
little bit about why that's the case in a moment who's been in and who's out. Dick Helms was in.
Woolsey was out. It's a long story, but I'll try to cover it. You guys are gonna get more
information, I mean it's going be TMI too much information by the end of this. This is why I'm
19

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 380, "chars": 2236, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
i
doing this, today. I want to leave a record of everything I've learned that's critical for the public
in case, you know, I'm 60, now, who knows what will happen to me. So it's important to leave
this. But, if you're the president, don't assume that you have an all-access pass. The presidential
daily briefing doesn't have anything really that critical in it and almost never this subject. By the
time you had Johnson come along and then, Nixon-Nixon, by the way, was vice-president for
Eisenhower. Nixon was actually pulled in as head of the Space Committee the vice-president sits
as chair of the Space Committee, into MAJESTIC this group, MAJIC, is actually what it's
called. It's the Majority Intelligence Committee. MAJIC is the proper term. MAJIC tapped
Nixon and he thought, as president, he would be the guy that would disclose this because he
thought it was time and he finally became president after Jack Kennedy, he thought, swindled
him out of the presidency in 1960 and, of course, Lyndon Johnson inherited the presidency, in a
sense, after the assassination and had one term, part of another the rest of Jack Kennedy's term,
but Nixon thought, "well ok, I'm gonna do this." And so a little thing called Watergate
happened. Everybody remember Watergate? For those of you too young to remember, it was the
break-in over here at this office and luxury apartments on the Potomac. It was a bag job. Bag
men went in and broke into the Democratic National Committee offices to get lists and
information and Nixon ended up covering it up. I mean, it's kind of standard operating
procedure, you know, it wasn't really that big of a deal in the sense that it happens today you just
don't know it. But there was a guy named Woodward who was ONI (Office of Naval
Intelligence) Woodward and Bernstein. Suddenly, this young reporter has this 'Deep Throat.' He
had an ONI guy give him the information because Nixon was planning to blow the lid off the
secrecy. And the way they took him down was by impeachment rather than by a bullet. That's
actually why Nixon was impeached. He did do the Watergate and he was a crook and I'd say
most politicians have engaged in such things. I'm a bit cynical about it, but it's not that unusual
20

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2285, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
for dirty tricks and research to be done against someone else, and you have someone else go and
steal something or rifle through trash to get dirt on someone and that's what they were doing. In
this case it was a break-in and so technically it was illegal and then he covered it up and he got
impeached. But the real reason why that became such a big scandal and the shit hit the fan was
that this ONI guy, Woodward, had a source that he worked, who had the actionable intelligence
on what really happened and there goes the president. Of course, we had Ford, who was this part-
term president. He had a CIA director, Bill Colby, who was a member of MAJC. Bill Colby I'm
giving you a fifty year history real quick and, by the way, Nixon had a guy named Dick Helms,
who did not want me to talk about this at all. He said as much to someone who is part of a group,
and that woman is in this room, today. Anyway, what ended up happening with Colby is that as
he got older, he was very, very upset, and William Colby, CIA Director, who was involved, to an
extent, in the MAC operations, decided that it was really terrible, what was happening to the
country and he was a very patriotic man, up there in years, and he decided to defect as a lone
wolf but an unacknowledged lone wolf and this is why I'll never allow this again. So, let me tell
you what really happened to Bill Colby. William Colby, Bill Colby, reached out to me through
his best friend, a colonel still living, who I will not name, an elderly man, but a full bird colonel
who had been in MAJC, this majority intelligence committee that oversees the UFO issue. Bill
Colby wanted to bring forward the technologies not the things that fly but energy technology
based on these classified operations, and some seed money about $50 million dollars I guess kind
of grey area seed money to my group so we could bring these technologies out and end the oil
and global warming and the poverty and all that. The person who approached me, a member of
my board and this colonel, wouldn't say who the client was. They were going to set up a secret
meeting. I said, "I think it's safer if I know who he is." They said, "Why?" I said, "Because I can
put him into a security system." He said, "What do you mean?" I said, 'Not knowing is
21

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2290, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dangerous for him." They said "No, he won't do it that way." I said, "OK." So I'm working full-
time as a trauma-emergency doctor and we're setting that up and the week before I'm to meet
with this former CIA director, they find him floating down the Potomac River made to look like
an accident. He was assassinated and it was tragic and I said, "I will never do this again." I felt
terribly guilty and his best friend came to my best friend's funeral Shari Adamiak, who had been
helping me for years and who was one of three of us who mysteriously got metastatic cancer the
same month. This colonel came to her wake and he just looked at me and said, "We can't look
back. We have to keep putting one foot in front of the other, even though we both have had
horrible losses." (A pause of silence) So we did, we kept going. So when Bill Colby was killed, I
thought, at that point, "well, this game is over." From 1994 until now, I was about to give up on
everything, but anyway very, very difficult emotionally and very difficult, physically, to carry
this for 25 years, but I figured, this is the pearl of great price. You don't throw this one back into
the water. This is huge. So we decided we would continue marshaling our energies and go
forward, but we knew we couldn't do anything like that again. It had to be open. I had to know
that none of this was skullduggery—because the secrecy is their domain. When you go to the
National Reconnaissance Office, the super spy agency that runs all the satellites, above their
entrance it says, "We Own the Night." I always say, "We need to Own the Light. We need to
own the light of disclosure and the truth and bring this out." I try to do things, to the extent I can,
as fully as possible out in the open while maintaining the confidences of those still living, who
ask me to do so. That's why I'm giving you this much information, today. The other thing to
remember about how Colby's demise evolved was that he was going to make a run at one of the
big central reasons for the secrecy, which I'll get into in a moment and that's the technology.
This is a big science and technology story. Imagine bringing out a technology that would sit on
this podium that would run your house by pulling energy from what's been called the "zero-point
22

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2294, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
energy field" that never has to be re-booted for fuel. It's pulling it out of the fabric of space-time.
It's estimated that every cubic centimeter of space in this room has enough energy to run the
United States for a year, if you can tap it; and it has been tapped. At the root of interstellar
transport, aside from the transdimensional and anti-gravity, is the energy source. And, the energy
source is this amazing electromagnetic flux field. In fact, early man-made UFOs were called
"flux liners," because it's pulling energy out of this infinite ocean, this "infinite sea," as Tesla
called it. Professor Dirac called it the "Dirac Sea," but it was this infinite field of energy that is at
the root of space-time, embedded within space-time. Bringing out something like that would, of
course, immediately make oil, gas, coal, Exxon-Mobil, cars, internal combustion engines, jet
engines, rockets, diesel ocean-liner engines, everything you can think of that we use, would be
obsolete and retired very quickly. What I just named is several trillion dollars in mineral assets
and infrastructure because we also wouldn't need a public utility. Every car and home would be
self-sufficient unto itself. It is a whole new world. We could have had that world before I was
born. We don't have it yet, and as a result, we've decamped in the Middle East with our
hegemony and facing World War III. There are consequences to this kind of secrecy unintended
and some are intended. But the unintended consequences are really blowing back on us hard
right now physically, geo-physically, environmentally, geo-politically, and militarily. It's a very
dangerous thing to thwart the development of normal technologies to be used for peaceful
purposes. That's the big caveat, use them for peaceful purposes. Eventually, one of the things
that happened along the lines of this, was how do we keep all of this secret? Wet works, kill
people, compartmentalization and unacknowledged special access projects, nobody outside the
project knows. A big one is ridicule. I have a document from the 1950s that talks about engaging
Disney Studios, which has done a lot of the OSS propaganda films in World War II. Walt Disney
was an asset of the CIA believe it or not, I mean everyone thinks of cartoons. They engaged
23

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 362, "chars": 2150, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Disney Studios to make flying saucer and little green men films ha ha ha! It ridiculed the subject
so respectable people would say, "Well, you're a kook if you're dealing with UFOs and the ET
issue." That was done deliberately and this is part of what I referred to in that earlier document,
the psychological warfare value of the subject. How do you create the psychological nexus so
that the subject becomes subject non grata like a persona non grata; it's a subject non grata. It's
unwelcome it has ridicule associated with it. An Air Force major told me, he's one of our
Disclosure Project witnesses who was present when we shot and killed an ET on the tarmac at
McGuire Field in New Jersey. His testimony is quite riveting if you've read the materials He was
saying really the way this has been kept secret more than anything is just sheer ridicule. Nobody
wants to be laughed at. Everyone's concerned with what their friends might think because
where's the tin-foil hat you're supposed to be wearing? This ridicule got ramped up in 1953 in
the psychological warfare programs. By the time we came on the stage, we're 50-60 years into a
hole of ridicule, denial, counter-measures and everything else. How do you fix this? It's very
difficult because most reporters and media people don't want to be ridiculed; nor do scientific
people and professors and government folks. There are so many people in congress I've met
with, very interested, know this is real. I'll say, "Will you hold a hearing on this? They go, "Oh
no! It'd be the end of my career. I'd be a laughingstock, I'd be Senator Moonbeam or
Congressman Tin-foil Hat or whatever." That ridicule, which was ramped up in the 1950s has
been VERY EFFECTIVE, incredibly effective and that's one of the hard problems I faced, as
well. Although, as a medical doctor luckily, I was known as a very good emergency doctor
before I got on "Larry King Live" and started doing stuff like this. If it had been the other way
around, I probably never would have been hired. I was careful in my timing because I did have a
family of four children to support. Luckily they're all out of college, now.
24

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2286, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
If you move on from Marilyn Monroe's tragedy, the next document there will be time at the
end, today, for you to ask questions. I'm sure your minds must be swirling by now about a lot of
things. The next document is the Peterson Memo, Arlington Institute. This is the meeting that
never happened with me and the CIA director. Very interesting. Look at the date December 3,
1993. The meeting between me and the sitting CIA director was December 13, 1993. The CIA
Director, R. James Woolsey, who, when information about my meeting came out after he had
left office, denied it ever happened. Luckily, I could, call him in a flat-footed lie. I always tell
people, "In Washington, how do you know these politicians and lawyers are lying? Their lips are
moving. If their lips are moving, they're lying." I know, it's a very cynical thing to say, but
unfortunately, very true. This document, I'm not going to go all the way through, but some of the
information is very, very important. "I talked to Woolsey this morning, and he suggested getting
together".
- underline-his underline. Project Starlight that is referred to here was the coalition I
put together before the Disclosure Project, which no one knew about where I was trying to get
President Clinton to lead the disclosure on this. It's a very interesting document, because on the
second page it says,
"Remember, the most powerful people in the world will have a deep,
compelling interest in our activities, and will use everything (in italics) at their disposal to affect
their objectives" —very threatening and then he suggests that I get an encrypted portable phone
because my kitchen doesn't have one. I mean the whole thing is such-Now here I am, 30-
something years old. I'm an emergency doctor and I'm being asked to come up and brief the
sitting CIA director because, and if you read this carefully, it states in there he's made inquiries
and no one's telling him anything. (silent pause) This is a sitting director of the CIA. This is the
proof the meeting took place and there's other proof. What the hell's going on that a sitting CIA
director doesn't know anything about THE most top-secret CIA project? Illegal-outrageous—
unconstitutional-criminal. Remember, this is 22 years ago, almost and when I found this out it
25

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2290, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
was a shock to me because I was raised like most people. I thought, there's a president and there
are all these spooks and there's a chain of command and it operates. I didn't know about
unacknowledged special access projects. I certainly could not have imagined that the man who
puts together the presidential daily briefing would be kept secret on stuff that I had collected
unbelievable amounts of evidence for the existence of-UFOs, extraterrestrial intelligence, etc.,
but that was the case and when I met with this man for nearly three hours, it became quite clear
to me that it was not a prevarication. I really thought that he was saying that just as his way of
blowing me off, or not blowing me off, but just sort of saying, "Eh, I want to meet with you to
find out what you know, but I actually do know, and I'm gonna pretend like I don't know." No,
this man, and my wife can attest to this, was shaken to his foundation. The cover story for this
meeting was a dinner party in the D.C. area, which is typical. The wives were invited as cover,
terrible thing to say, but it's true. So, my wife was there, I was there, the CIA director and his
wife, whose chief operating officer of the National Academy of Sciences was there and my host,
John Peterson and his wife. Interestingly, she didn't know who was coming to dinner until that
afternoon. He wouldn't tell her. Then she finds out two hours before we appear there's this UFO
expert and the CIA director and his wife coming for dinner. Can you imagine being that wife?
I'm sure that night there was an interesting conversation after we all left, but that's how these
things are done. The real tragedy of it, though, is that if you have a break-down in government
this severe, those of you who are students of governments, where you can have a CIA director or
senior members of the military who are being left out of something very important and which
hundreds of billions of dollars per year are going into, then you have no government. So the
Deep National Security State, from the 1950s until today has devolved into this sub rosa,
unacknowledged, not international, but transnational entity with representation in the UK,
Canada, Australia, Brazil, China, Russia, which, on this issue, work together like this (interlocks
26

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 374, "chars": 2255, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
finger of both hands). It is not responsive to the body politic. It is not responsive to heads of
government or even the heads of committees and cabinet-level people. There are some cabinet-
level people, however, who have known. I've mentioned a few. There was a CIA director known
as George H. W. Bush and the CIA Headquarters is now named after him. He was a member and
is a member of MAJIC. Then, there are others, like Woolsey, who weren't being told anything.
Some presidents have been given a little information, and some have been told nothing. Why?
Well, here's how it works. It took me a long time to figure out something very simple. I call this
a soul biopsy because doctors talk about biopsies. It's a psychological analysis. Let's say this
gentleman (points to an audience member) is the incoming director of the CIA. The outgoing
director of the CIA is me. As incoming director of the CIA, they've taken your life apart and
they know what your values are. If your values are that you would not go along with an illegal,
criminal, unconstitutional effort and engage in assassinations that were illegal and other things,
they will never tell you about this and even if you're the incoming president. This is what
happened to Jimmy Carter, and I know this for a fact. Jimmy Carter got elected and the outgoing
CIA director was guess who? George H. W. Bush. George H. W. Bush, when he was called in for
the transition meeting, between November and January, when they have the transition and are
choosing new cabinet members, was asked personally, face-to-face by Jimmy Carter, and I met
with someone who was there, about the UFO issue and Bush said, "I'm not going to tell YOU,"
in a very derisive way, "about that. Go and see if you can get it from the Congressional Research
Service." He literally brushed him off. Carter was stunned because Carter had a UFO sighting
when he was governor of Georgia. I have his report form that he filed officially, signed Jimmy
Carter. He ran in 1976 on ending UFO secrecy, actually. He put together a White House study on
UFOs. We have Disclosure Project witnesses who attest thereto and they were reaching out to
Stanford Research International to SRI, to do a study for them because they couldn't get
27

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2108, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
anything from outgoing CIA director, Bush. That entity, SRI, had some people come in and
threaten them and say, basically, "If you want to receive any more contracts from the
Department of Defense or the US government, you will refuse to do this study for the White
House." We have that as an affidavit, signed from someone involved. Now, this is very
extraordinary, but we have legal documents that prove it. Carter was boxed out of this and a few
years ago, he was at a signing ceremony, signing guitars in Spain to raise money for the Carter
Center and a well-known classical guitarist, who's on our team was there, and at dinner,
someone asked Carter, "What was it like to be the most powerful man in the world?" And Jimmy
Carter said, "I don't think I was that man." Everyone just thought he was joking, and he said,
"Well, there were certain things I wasn't allowed to know about." Someone, in a ridiculing way,
said, "Ha ha ha, what like UFOs?" And President Carter said, "Yes, that and more," referring to
these energy and technology things. So Carter wasn't joking and it is true that he did not get
access the whole time he was president because he would have ended the secrecy and they knew
it. It's also why he was a one-term president.
Now we had, after Carter, Ronald Reagan or Ray Gun as I call him. A colonel who reached out
to me was one of the guys putting together the SDI, the Strategic Defense Initiative Star
Wars-and he actually met with Carter and Reagan. Carter was a hard-sell; Reagan was a soft-
sell on the billions to go into Star Wars. The way it worked was that Star Wars was always a
cover story for targeting, in space, interstellar vehicles, using these scalar weapons, not lasers,
not—if it was at the speed of light, it's not fast enough. Everything important is faster than the
speed of light. So, what happened is that he, at that point, got convinced they sent just the right
people in to convince Reagan that there was an existential alien threat, basically, what Wernher
Von Braun warned on his deathbed about which we'll get to in a moment. So Reagan bought into
28

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 382, "chars": 2213, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
it, you can Google this and see; at the UN he said, "Wouldn't our job of uniting the world be
easier if we could unite against a common alien threat?" I'm paraphrasing, but you can look this
up. Actually, Bill Clinton said something very similar, recently, on Jimmy Kimmel. The reason
that happens is because there is a prevailing need for people who are in certain positions to be
given what I call targeted and tailor-made disinformation. Information that is geared toward
scaring the hell out of them so they can go along with the agenda of militarism, as opposed to
peaceful contact with these civilizations. They're not hard to do if you have a certain orientation,
if you have a certain mind-set based on fear, xenophobia, us versus them that whole mind set.
That's really the criteria. Whether someone is pulled into the loop of this secrecy in government
or not has to do with what their values are, what their psychological profile is, whether they will
go along with the agenda of secrecy. If they will not go along with the agenda of secrecy, they're
not going to tell you anything. I don't care if you are the President of the United States, the CIA
director or the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, but there have been people who do know in
those same positions. Why, because they were willing to go along with this chicanery.
In the next document, it's just a partial list of the sort of VIPs and governmental officials I
briefed. This goes three pages long, it's fifty, sixty, seventy of them, and this is just a few of
them. Every single one of these people, without exception, and you can scroll down through
them, I'm not going to go through them all. We don't have time. This is a lot of work, having
private meetings with this many people. Every single one of these people from Senator Claiborne
Pell to the CIA director to the Head of Intelligence for the Joint Chiefs of Staff to the Head of the
Defense Intelligence Agency, the biggest intelligence-gathering agency in the Pentagon, every
single one of these people wanted to know, but had been denied access to these unacknowledged
special access projects, every-single-one of-them. That is the proof we have. If we ever had to go
29

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 410, "chars": 2287, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to court to prove that the operation is illegal these people, the ones still living, would be
subpoenaed because, believe me, and I have more. One of them that you see on page two here is
Lord Hill Norton, and if you go to this next document, this is a five-star admiral. How many
people have heard of Lord Hill Norton? He's actually a great guy. He passed away not long ago.,
I don't mind sharing these couple letters. I have a whole file with him. He asked me to come to
his estate in England and brief him some time in the 1990s. He was a five-star admiral, what they
used to call a Sea Lord. He had found out through other sources that UFOs were real and that
there was a big operation in the UK that was this transnational, deep national security state,
working with the British, but he was head of the Ministry of Defense and as such was head of
MI-5 and MI-6. He was also head of the Military Committee for NATO. He had no knowledge
of these projects the entire time he was in government. When I met with him at his cottage, what
was kind of cute about it, he said, "I thoroughly enjoyed our talk when you came in August
(1995) and I am grateful to you for your time. I read all the materials you left me and I intend to
read it all again. I also shared it with Countess Morey, who shares our interest. I have an idea you
may have met her some time ago. I find your latest brief on the national security implications on
the UFO subjects very clear and very convincing." And it goes on, it's a very beautiful letter, and
things he was going to do with the European Parliament and whatnot. He died not being able to
accomplish as much as he wanted to with the British government because I had to explain to him
why he never knew anything about this. It's a very hard thing to sit with someone like a CIA
director or someone like this, who's one of the most powerful people in the military and
intelligence field in the world and tell them, "You just were not in the loop," He basically said to
me, "Well why didn't they tell me?" He was a little hurt and kind of petulant and I said, "Sir, I'm
going to answer your question with a question—what would you have done if you found out
there was a transnational entity, unacknowledged, running unconstitutionally in your country and
30

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 1947, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
mine, engaging in assassinations, keeping from the planet technologies that would save the Earth
from environmental destruction and eliminate poverty within a generation and that they are using
these technologies to try and provoke, as agent provocateurs, an interstellar conflict and World
War III and that they were completely off the reservation without any controls from the chief
executive or legitimate governments of the world?" And he hopped up and down, he said, "I
wouldn't have stood for it for a bloody minute!" I said, "Well that's why they didn't tell you."
He says, "What do you mean?" He thought I was being impertinent. I said, "Because they knew
you wouldn't go along with that agenda; therefore, you were out of the loop. That's how it
works. It's that simple." So, you basically accumulate people who are enormously evil and who
want to see terrible damage done to the planet because, at their core, they love war and they love
conflict. They do not want peace to break out. As one of them said to me, "Heaven forbid we
should have peace on this planet. Too many people would be out of business. Too many of us
would be out of business." Very cynical but true.
The next document is from one of my advisors to Admiral Tom Wilson and it's about setting up
a briefing for him. I only put this up here because some people have challenged me-did you
really have meetings with folks like this? Yes, absolutely! It was on my birthday in 1995, the
first letter was written. I ended up meeting with him in April 1997, but he helped us in a number
of ways prior to that, as did this Admiral Kramer, who set up my meetings at Wright-Patterson
AFB, the facility to which the crashed ET remains went in the 1940s in Dayton, Ohio. This
meeting was another one where I was able to provide to him some very important information
prior to the meeting, including a 1991 document which has not been de-classified and I'll go to
that one next.
31

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2270, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It's the National Reconnaissance Office document. That document is basically a security alert—
the reason it's imortant is not so much for its content or on the next page, which is a warning that
a group of UFO buffs were trying to penetrate the perimeter of Area 51 so it's called, nobody
calls it that really it's the Nellis Range, but this was generated, and you can see the date July,
1991, take note of the distribution list please we're going to get back to that in a moment. It's a
security Blue Fire, which is a code name, 1991, Commander's Net, Royal Op's, Cosmic Op's.
So, cosmic clearance, you've heard of this, it's not a myth. It's real. Maj Op's, MAJ-it's
MAJIC Op's. It goes through a whole bunch of them Nellis Division, all these code numbers and
you get down to some really interesting things. MOC is Military Operating Center and MOA is
Military Operating Area. SOG is the Special Operations Team, but you get into Red Flag, Dark
East, Dark South, Pahute Mesa, Sally Carter, Groom Lake, Dreamland, Black Jack Team. Black
Jack Control is at the Edwards complex in California, Roulette Team, Aquatech, Sea Spray, and
others. It's not clear to me when who gave me this, why they blacked out a couple of things-
maybe it was things they were involved with, personally, and they didn't want to get fingered.
This secret document went to the admiral prior to our meeting, and he actually recognized one of
these entities and he made an inquiry, and it was being run by a contractor, we're going to get to
these next, and the contractor, one of these corporate contractors, when he called them up, he
said, "I'm Admiral Tom Wilson." At that time he was Head of Intelligence for the Joint Chiefs
of Staff "I want to be read into this project." Guess what happened? They said, "Sir, you don't
have a need to know." This is the guy who's supposed to give the intelligence briefings for the
Joint Chiefs of Staff of the United States. He was told, "You don't have a need to know." And
Admiral Wilson said, 'Goddamn it, if I don't have a need to know, who does?" They said, "Sir,
we cannot discuss this with you further," and they hung up and blocked his line. This all
happened before the stand-up meeting I did where Edgar Mitchell, sixth man to walk on the
32

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 395, "chars": 2320, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
moon, myself, my military advisor and a few other people met with the Admiral in what's called
a stand-up briefing. I was doing the presenting. It was supposed to be 45 minutes and it went for
two or three hours. Of course, he kept cancelling appointments downstream; this was at the
Pentagon. So, I said, "Well, sir, don't feel bad." He looked at me and said, "Well, who else is in
this situation where this group is blocking access who are in the National Security apparatus?" I
said, "Well, the President, the CIA director," and I started naming them. He was just, the fear in
his eyes, the palpable fear and anger that something this important, that is really legitimate and
he knew it was, could escape the oversight of folks who have the security of the United States in
their hands. So, basically, they're trying to navigate without IFR; they're trying to navigate
without radar through the dangers of the world, because the most important technologies and the
most important information and the most critical national security secrets are completely out of
their scope, off their radar. And yet, they're responsible for keeping America safe, they're
responsible for protecting us and they're responsible for responding to threats. At the end of the
meeting, I asked him, "Admiral, do you think you can help us?" And he just sat back in his big
chair and he said, "Look, what I've learned from this meeting is that there is an illegal operation
that has hundreds of billions of dollars—-and over the years, trillions—-that has technologies that
can do circles around my B-2 stealth bomber, which is the best thing I know about. How am I
going to take them on?" And I said, "Well, it can't be through a military engagement. It has to be
through infiltration. It has to be through convincing them to come out." He says, "Well, I don't
know how to do that. They won't give me access, and moreover, I can't take any action unless
the President authorizes it." And at that time, the president was Bill Clinton. I said, "Well, no, he
won't do that." He says, "Why?" I said, "We've briefed the president. His best friend came to
my home and said that if he did this, he would end up like Jack Kennedy," and I'm quoting. He
says, "Well, there you are, then." Point—set-match. I said, "Well, you know, someone's got to
33

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 330, "chars": 1883, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
do it." Invariably, these people say, "Well, you can do it." There's a movie my wife and I saw
this past week, called, "Bridge of Spies," and you realize there's this attorney named "Donavan"
in it. It's a true story based on the Gary Powers U-2 shoot-down, and he was sort of the
expendable guy. I'm the expendable guy. I'm the guy it doesn't matter if I get killed and
basically, that's what Clinton's people told me, "it doesn't matter if you get killed. We don't
want the president to get killed." I know that's ugly, but it's the truth. So, that's why I'm doing
it?
This document the reason it's so critical is that it actually has the- this is the first document on
the top of the large briefing that President Obama got when he became president, and John
Podesta, which was the guy that put together the Obama White House, was the man we provided
this for. Podesta, as you know, has publically come out in favor of disclosure and ending secrecy.
So basically, it was from me to Podesta to Obama. Of course, I didn't expect Obama to be able to
do anything about it; because having these project code numbers and being president doesn't
give you access control. You know the difference between knowledge of something and access
control? You can know about something, but if they're non-responsive to your orders, like they
were to this admiral, it doesn't matter if you're a general or the president or a CIA director,
because they're basically going to say, "Buzz off we have more power than you do and go
away." That's how it operates that is how it operates. This is naked, raw power. That's how it
works.
So this next document I want to share, unfortunately, did not come out, it's the Congressman
Cox, he was SEC, head secretary for W. Bush, but back when he was a congressman from
Orange County, a good friend of mine who knew him, set up a briefing between me and the
34

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2095, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
congressman at his offices in Orange County. He was on several key committees, Armed
Services Committee, and so on, and he wanted to know about the UFO issue, and I said, "OK I'll
come in and I'll brief you." He said, "This has never been brought up at a briefing." I said, "No,
you wouldn't because I've briefed members, personally, of the Senate Intelligence Committee,
the Foreign Relations Committee, the House Government and Oversight Chairman and everyone
you can think of personally, face-to-face, and in every case they have been completely without
access and when they make an inquiry they're told, 'No such project exists.' It doesn't exist. It's
unacknowledged. Unacknowledged. It doesn't exist." He says, "I would like to know where the
heck are these things going on and who are the corporate entities and where are the bases?" So
that was the genesis of the famous Cox Memo, which became kind of infamous because I wrote
it to him and I basically did a brief summary of the people I briefed who don't know and a course
of action that he needs to take. Unfortunately, that document didn't come out. It got scrambled
by the electronic gremlins in the computer, unless he's fixed it, and he hasn't. Basically, I
describe who is not able to do this, but where the places are, and that was the genesis of this,
which is the facilities list. I want to go through this very quickly of where the key facilities are.
Keep in mind, these are all run by a hybridized entity. It's part government, unacknowledged
special access projects, compartmented, deep-black, transnational security state and three-
quarters corporate. The action is in the corporate sector, but at each of these bases there are
contractors who run the operations. Do you understand how this works? In other words, the
government doesn't do that much. The government does WFO, work for others, so they issue
contracts. You'll have Bechtel Corporation or Lockheed-Martin, or you'll have whatever. But
the key facilities I want to go through, and there are others-.but his is a list I updated for the
president in 2009.
35

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 333, "chars": 2106, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A very chief one is Edwards Air Force Base. There's a whole constellation there; Haystack
Butte, China Lakes, George Air Force Base, they retired Norton Air Force Base, Table Top
Mountain Observatory, which is run ostensibly by NASA and Blackjack Control. I had a source
at Black Jack Control, associated with the Edwards-related facilities, but the Black Jack Team
you saw on that list was Nellis. So there's Black Jack Control and Black Jack Team.
Then, there are aerospace facilities and these are all DUMBS—Deep Underground Military
Bases, UGB's for short (underground bases). Northrup Anthill (Tejon Ranch), McDonnell
Douglas Llano Plant, Lockheed-Martin Helendale Plant, Phillips Labs (North Edwards facility).
Since then, a newer facility called, The Cube, which is up past Lancaster, Palmdale, up in the
high desert, outside the Edwards Range and classified airspace, is a Lockheed-Martin
Skunkworks facility where the state-of-the-art R&D is going on. Keep in mind that Lockheed
and Northrup have multiple generations since 1954 of what you would call a UFO, a man-made
UFO, as the head of Lockheed Skunkworks said to several people on my team, including Jan
Harzan, the new head of MUFON, who's an IBM executive, retired. I've been friends with him
since the 1990s. He is a man of great integrity and he was actually at the meeting, along with
several other of my friends when Ben Rich, head of Lockheed Skunkworks, it's where the U-2
spy plane in that movie came from. Ben Rich said, "We can take ET home. We already have the
technologies to take ET home," and ended his presentation with a slide show of a black disc
going out into space. Sounds fantastic-no, it's not. He's the head of the Lockheed Skunkworks.
So, we're flying around on jets which are basically a vacuum tube that's pressurized with a pre-
positioned bomb called explosive jet fuel A that you're flying on, thousands of gallons, when
we've had these things since the 1950s. How ridiculous! We're sending our astronauts up on
rockets that blow up and kill them like the shuttle astronauts when we've had these things since
36

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 324, "chars": 2008, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the 1950s. This is criminal! It's outrageous! But that's the way it is. This is how it's developed
and I wanted to let you know that his new facility, The Cube is I have an engineer that I've met
with who works in that facility, and they work on not just the propulsion systems, but also the
electronic warfare systems and the bio nanotechnology, which I'll get to after our break, the
things that the UFO retail world, books, movies and conferences would call aliens. These are
man-made. They have integrated circuits in their brains and they walk around. They're little grey
or reptilian or creepy-looking things. These are man-made-100%--and I know the men working
on that, but The Cube is associated with that. Another is Dulce and another is Pine Gap. The
other, of course, we've all heard of Nellis Complex. It's Area 51, more specifically, it's S-4 or S-
9 and S-12. Those are compartmented areas. You have to have a password and biometrics to get
into them. Pahute Mesa and Area 19 and Groom Lake. These are all things that have been
provided to our government officials.
In New Mexico, you have Los Alamos National Laboratories. It has an underground connector—
underground— that goes to the Dulce Complex, which most people think doesn't really exist,
because you go to Dulce and there's nothing there. Remember this simple fact, nothing critical is
above the surface of the ground. It's either in space or it's underground. Everything, including
the White House facilities and the Pentagon. Everything critical is underground. The Kirtland
Air Force Base has the Sandia National Laboratories and the Defense Nuclear Agency. Phillips
Labs, Manzano Mountain Weapons Storage Facility and underground complex that connects
Coyote Canyon Test Site (North end of Manzano), White Sands Complex, and again, the Dulce
Complex, so Kirtland Air Force Base, and that's outside Albuquerque. I've been there.
In Arizona, a key facility is Fort Huachuca, an underground base, most of it that's critical. It's
37

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2184, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Army Intelligence headquarters. There is a storage facility where a man, as of the 1970s, who
was on my team, worked in it, and at that time they had nine extraterrestrial spacecraft that had
been downed using these electromagnetic pulse scalar weapons and a whole lot of different ET
species that were frozen there. That's at Fort Huachuca, ironically, near Tombstone. The other
ones I just want to mention, Cheyenne Mountain Deep Space Network, which is under the
mountain in Colorado Springs, has a dedicated area for just the Deep Space Network tracking of
interstellars that are in our solar system. One of my military advisors, a man who's been in many
of these unacknowledged special access projects, was actually in that facility, and got to see this
Console 50. He said they had tracked an object at that time that was in our solar system, that was
26 miles in diameter, an artificial ET object, moving as he put it, "under its own steam." He's a
Navy guy. I said, "I don't think it's working with steam, but yeah, you're right." Another critical
facility is the Lawrence Livermore Labs, the Pine Gap underground facility in Australia, I have a
picture, actually, of the above-ground facility that a man who'd worked there sent to me. The
Redstone Arsenal Underground Complex in Alabama, that also has an association with the
Marshall Space Flight Center, and in Utah, one of the most critical, the most critical one that's
new is the Dugway Proving Grounds, outside Provo, Utah. This is classified air space above and
no access by ground. Above ground, you don't see much...everything is underground.
Richard Foch, this Naval Research Lab official, was out there with some Generation five or six
or whatever night scopes, doing an operation and he looked out and saw these objects coming
out from underground that then zipped over him. These massive discs and triangular-shaped anti-
gravity objects that were ours and some were just sitting out there, watching him. That's outside
of Provo, in the desert. That one is very key, and is mostly manned by folks who are part of the
Mormon corporate empire, which if I were to rank who has what kind of say-so over policy on
38

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 305, "chars": 2061, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
this, that would rank, certainly ahead of the president or Congress. I won't comment further than
that... this is not to make an aspersion to rank-and-file Mormons. This is just how that operation
works. The agencies in the US government that are associated with this...AFOSI (AIR Force
Office of Special Investigation), compartmented operations at the CIA, the Defense Advanced
Research Project (DARPA), the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), now notwithstanding, I
briefed the general who is head of it. He wasn't given any information, but we had Disclosure
Project witnesses who were DIA-assigned contractors who were very involved in ET and UFO
technology issues. Certain compartmented operations at the FBI, being tightly held, and every
military intelligence division (Army, Air Force, Navy) have compartmented unacknowledged
operations that feed into this MAJC committee. The NRO (National Reconnaissance Office) the
NSA (National Security Agency), again, a very compartmented operation, certainly nothing that
Edward Snowden had access to, to my knowledge, although, it's been asked, and the various
space commands.
Private corporate entities include BDM Corporation; Bechtel Corporation does most of the
underground base construction. I know that the tunnel that's being built from Los Alamos over to
Dulce-for years people heard, and you can Google this, the Taos Hum. A lot of New-Agers
thought it was Gaia singing or something. There's a massive nuclear-powered tunneling device,
that was going from Los Alamos over to Dulce. It goes through bedrock and glassifies it into this
massive tunnel that then anti-gravity, electromagnetic vehicles transport people-people carriers
underneath the ground. As it was going through that bedrock, it caused this vibration. That was
being operated by Bechtel, and I was at a meeting with Stephen Bechtel once, and they are very
key. Booz-Allen and Hamilton is who Snowden worked for, but they are a key contractor. They
do have a compartmented operation dealing with this. Boeing Aerospace, EG&G a very key
39

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2236, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
facility for creating electronics and also state-of-the-art nanotechnology implants that are put into
abduction victims; people that think they had contact with ETs, but are actually being abducted
by military and corporate folks. E-Systems, which is now a division of Raytheon; Lockheed-
Martin I've mentioned; McDonnell Douglas is now part of Boeing; MITRE Corporation is very
key in terms of anti-gravity and high-tech and is here in the D.C. area and other places. Northrup
Grumman; I mentioned Phillips Labs before; Rockwell International; SAIC (Science
Applications International, Corporation), now, this is one of the crown jewel. Admiral Bobby
Ray Inman had been a member of this MAJ committee for years, along with Dick Cheney and
Papa Bush (George H. W. Bush), but at SAIC he had been National Security Head, and he
moved from there over to the Board of SAIC. In a little side story interestingly, when I asked
Senator Barry Goldwater, at his home some years ago he had run for president in 1964, but
always had an interest in this and never been told anything. We started comparing notes with
who we knew, and he said, "How can I help you?" and I said, "If you could reach out to some of
these people on this МАЛС committee it'd be great." We named some names that he didn't
know some of the ones I mentioned, and I said, Admiral Bobby Ray Inman and he says, "Oh,
Bobby Ray, we've been friends for years." I said, "Well, get hold of him. Give him a jingle,
would you?" So he did; biggest mistake of his life. He got hold of me and said, "I can't make any
more phone calls like that for you." He tore me apart. He tore me a new one. But Admiral Inman,
definitely a MAJC member, as are other chief people on SAIC, but it's compartmentalized, so
most people work on conventional things, there. At TRW; Village Super-Computing; Wackenhut
Security there's a lot of security for MAJC. And then, there are others, as well. Some of these,
most people never heard of. They're huge and have enormous reach. I think what you have to
understand is that they're certainly not limited to that list, but it feeds into a system. Most people
don't even understand how it works. I always tell people to go back and look at the interview of
40

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2229, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Denise McKenzie, who worked for SAIC. She got a job there as a clerical, administrative person
in an office. It's kind of like the Mafia. You know how the Mafia will have like a pizza parlor or
some little shop. They'll come in and that's the storefront, but they're laundering money and
doing their drug deals and pimps through the back door. That's how this works. So, she was in
this office at SAIC, and it was running multi-million dollar contracts for the US government. She
said, "What is this, there's nothing going on here?" And she went to this file cabinet and there
were all these dummied-up reports that would go back to Capitol Hill to justify the money. When
she started asking about it, they said, "Don't ask about this." What she basically was told. "This
office receives the money; we generate false reports back to the president and Congress. That
money then passes out of this office to a Black Project dealing with UFO's, electronics, and anti-
gravity, stuff like this." When you get to some of the accounting I met recently with one of the
Big 4 accounting firms, and they said, "Yeah, this is exactly how it works." They'll basically
say, "Here's what we're doing" —and if you try to penetrate further to actually get to a granular
level of where the money is going, they'll say, "Well, you don't have a need to know. That's a
top-secret, special-compartmented intelligence." Basically, you have to take their word for it. So
it all gets rubber-stamped by the big four auditing firms, but it's very illegal. You'll remember in
the film "Sirius," Donald Rumsfeld, the day before 9/11, I'm not sure he knew he was being
filmed, said, "2.3 trillion dollars unaccounted for." Recently, I heard—found out from a good
source, its $8.5 trillion now. So, there's $8.5 trillion that have basically been embezzled,
misappropriated, used without the knowledge of Congress or the President. That's a lot of money
even for America. So that is exactly how it operates, but if you take that one little example from
SAIC and multiply it through all these corporations and all these different government offices,
that's how the funding mechanism works. Does that make sense to folks? I hope that made sense
to you guys.
41

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 1935, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
15-minute Break until PT 2... (1:57:30) THIS IS WHERE NEW TRANSCRIPTION BEGINS.
Thank you. I'm glad everyone made it back. So in the next hour and forty-five minutes, I want to
cover enough material so that you might have a few questions at the end. You probably have a
few thousand questions already.
One thing I want to go into, just very quickly, is the key role that control systems play within the
media and the scientific community. This sort of surprises a lot of people, and some people are
not surprised. First, let's deal with science. One thing you have to remember about science is that
scientists are humans first and scientists second, right? All of us. And there are scientists who
pose as objective scientific folks who are on the payroll of various agencies. For example, in this
cache of documents I received, there was very famous astronomer/astrophysicist at Harvard,
names Dr. Donald Menzel. and Menzel was the chief UFO debunker who went around telling
people none of this existed in the 1960s and all through that era. And he was on many panels and
he was the person who would look at evidence and say not true, not true, not true. It turned out, I
have a document from the CIA where it talks about their contract with Dr. Donald Menzel at
Harvard and it said that it cannot be acknowledged that he is being paid by us because the public
needs to believe that he's an objective scientist telling the public from the perch of respectability
at Harvard that this isn't true. So until the time of his death, this wasn't known. Now in this
cache of documents I got in 1994, officially released by the CIA, the provenance of this
document is not in question, it names him. So just extrapolate that out. How easy it is to do that.
Same thing with a guy named Professor Condon. Professor Condon was the head of the Condon
Committee at the University of Colorado that had a contract in 1969 to look into UFOs so that
42

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 358, "chars": 2224, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the Air Force could determine whether to close Project Blue Book or not. Project Blue Book was
actually a public relations stunt mostly, to collect information from the public because there was
so much outcry from the public of sightings and things that had happened, and the public,
particularly Congressman Gerald Ford at the time, was furious that they were debunking events
that had happened in Michigan that his constituents that were absolutely right thereET craft
right here—and Dr. J. Allen Hynek, who later came clean, is also an astrophysicist who made the
famous comment that it was swamp gas. And later, of course, he said, "we knew it wasn't
swamp gas. We knew it was ET craft." And he left Project Blue Book as their chief consultant
and started The Center for UFO Studies there in Chicago. But, Professor Condon around this
time was asked to head up an objective scientific committee to look into whether there was
anything, or any veracity to UFOs. There was a lot of publicity around it. And like all
government committees, it's always ... When they form a committee, they already have ... it's a
done deal. It's just window dressing. So he headed up this committee of a lot of scientific people,
and Dr. Robert Wood, a Cornell PHD who worked for McDonnell Douglas, now part of Boeing.
Actually, Dr. Wood who is one of our Disclosure Project witnesses told me, and it's in his very
lengthy testimony I have-you have to understand I have hundreds of hours of this kind of
testimony on video tape. When he was working for McDonnell Douglas, old man McDonnell
himself asked him to look into UFOs and gather evidence. So he began to do this. And he
discovered a number of things: A) They were real; B) They were interplanetary; C) They were
using a type of gravity-controlled propulsion; and D) Most interestingly, in many of the things
that he looked into, he found that the ETs had electronic devices that were what I call
'technology-assisted consciousness' and 'consciousness-assisted technologies', meaning that
there was a transdimensional nexus between the electronics of these communication devices. I
mean, this goes at the speed of light. This is junk really; it's 1800s technology; it's the morse
43

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2269, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
code, no offense Apple. But they had technologies that interfaced seamlessly with the electronics
that would pick up directed intended thought, which is absolutely true. And actually, the founder
of Facebook, Zuckerberg, started talking about a thought switch to interface with computers. I
don't know if he's been reading my material, but anyway, I started writing about that in 1990-
1991. When Dr. Wood saw my comprehensive assessment of the UFO subject, which was
written in 1991, it got kind of moved through the agency and the aerospace community. And I
was just starting this project; very obscure at that time. Just this country doctor in North Carolina
rattling around in an ER, and it made its way over to McDonnell Douglas, and I got this phone
call from Dr. Wood. He said, "You have no idea how right you are. How do you know this?" I
said, "Well, I've had contact. It's quite obvious. I mean, if you're any thinking person, you're not
dealing with electronics that are the speed or light or travel that's the speed of light; it's too slow.
Because some of these are from other galaxies, like the picture we have of that on ET that's from
Andromeda 2.5 million light years from here. You know, they're not getting here at the speed of
light; it would take two and a half million years to get here." So he said, "Well, I really want to
meet with you at some point." So we kept up this relationship, and he eventually told me that
when he was doing this work for McDonnell Douglas in the 1960s, that he was put on the
Condon Committee because they thought that because he was a very prestigious aerospace guy at
a major aerospace company that he would go along with the debunking whitewash of the
Condon Committee. And Dr. Wood was someone who started bringing in boatloads of evidence.
It was turning the committee to the fact that no, these are absolutely real. So Professor Condon
went to old man McDonnell, head of McDonnell Douglas Aerospace, and said, "You fire that
son of a bitch so I get him off this committee." And Mr. McDonnell said, "No, I'm not going to
fire him. He's a very good man." But he was thrown off the Condon Committee, but he didn't
lose his job; McDonnell stood by him. That's an absolutely true story. It came out in this cache
44

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 382, "chars": 2231, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of documents from the CIA that I got in 1994, that Professor Condon and that committee, some
of the key people, were on the payroll of the CIA and it is in black and white, it's an uncontested
document. University of Colorado Boulder, prestigious aerospace guy, and he was carrying
water and doing the bidding of the intelligence community. All the time masquerading as an
objective scientist. So this is why, I have said that Seth Shostak and those people who are with
SETI, the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence, they are either the stupidest people in the
world, or they are on the payroll of somebody to lie to the public. You cannot be that stupid,
given the dispositive evidence we put out there. And I actually debated on Voice of America-
the head of the SETI Project, Seth Shostak and I-and I had my Disclosure Project witnesses
there—we basically cleaned his clock. Because the evidence is so dispositive and overwhelming
if you go through our material; our archive. This happens all the time. So if you just extrapolate
those couple of examples throughout the professorial class and scientific class, it's how it's done.
Now in some cases, it's done not for payment so much as to protect your own reputation. For
example, there was a guy named Carl Sagan. Everybody knows who he is. Cosmos series and all
that. He actually was on the payroll of the intelligence community. And what happened is that
Carl Sagan-—-there were some improprieties in his PHD thesis which led to the intelligence
community reaching out to him. And they basically said, "You're going to tell the public what
we're going to tell you to tell the public, or you're going to be washing the floors at Cornell.
You're not going to be a professor." And a good friend of his, two of his friends George
Fennell who co-founded the Extrasolar Planetary Society and founded the Allegheny
Observatory outside Pittsburgh, who is on my team, and James Maleny who is a very eminent
astronomer who was the editor of Sky and Telescope Magazine and Astronomy Magazine,
confirmed to me that this happened to Carl Sagan. And one of them told me that basically, he
aged thirty years in a month because he had to sell his soul to the devil. So he went from
45

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2179, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
someone looking into UFOs and actually said some positive things about the reality, to being a
cheap debunker of them. That was a real tragedy, because they had what is called "oppo-
research"-opposition research like a political party. They had dirt on him and they used it turn
him. But to the public, he was this renowned, respected scientific figure. So just magnify that all
through society. That's how it operates. I know it's not a very pretty picture, it's a little cynical—
it's not cynical, its just the reality. Childhoods end here today. Wake up, this is how the world
actually works. It's bare-knuckle time. That's one of the big problems. The same thing happens
in the media. Everyone things we have a free press. We don't have a free press. We have a free
press about things like the stain on the blue dress or something like that. Or other, you know,
Kardashian's wardrobe. But on anything really critical like this, we do not have a free press. And
I can give your many, many, many examples, but I'll only give you a couple.
And this involves the mainstream news media, and the other one involves Hollywood. Take this
and extrapolate it. Ira Rosen won his Emmy working with Mike Wallace at ABC News. He then
became the Executive Producer of ABC News New York for Primetime Live and 20/20. When
we started moving forward with the Disclosure Project, he came out to my farm in Virginia and
came out with a production team. I gave him 35 hours of top secret testimony and countless top
secret documents and he said, "Either this is the biggest hoax in the world, or the biggest story in
human history." And he said,
"I think it's the latter." I said, "It is." He said, "We're going to do a
series of town hall meetings with your witnesses and we're going to do a huge expose on this."
And I said, "I don't think ABC will let you." And he said, "I'm the Executive Producer and I
have the final decision over this." And I said, "Ira, I don't think they' il let you. But I'll
cooperate. Here's twenty years of research. You have it on a silver platter. No payment. I'm not
a consultant, I give everything away for free." So he goes back to New York, he takes me up
46

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2061, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
there. There's Diane Sawyer and all these people, and they said, "Well, you know this is
interesting." And I said, "Well, if you can make this happen, that's awesome." So a couple of
weeks later, he called me up rather sheepishly and he said, "Dr. Greer, they're not going to let
me do this story." And I said, "Well, Ira, I thought you said you had total control over
programming for Primetime Live." He said, "Dr. Greer, not for this." And I said, "Well who are
they?" He said, "Dr. Greer, you know who they are." And that was the end of that. We have
stayed in touch. He's now back with 60 Minutes. But that was one of the reasons why many of
you may remember that Mike Wallace went on Larry King Live and had a deep depressive
breakdown, and he talked about—he kept saying, "I'm a fraud; I'm a fraud." And part of it is
that a guy named Schwartz, who is on the board of Time Life, he and I met and he was very
good friends with Mike Wallace. And Mike Wallace had gotten a hold of a cache of these
documents and I was in New York at a party, and Bob Schwartz said to me, "Look. The media
has become the scibe taking dictation from the right hand of the king. And particularly on
something like this." And so Mike Wallace, who was this esteemed investigative reporter,
couldn't touch the biggest investigative reporting story in history, and he felt like a total fraud
and went into a deep depression over it.
If you take Hollywood, the same thing happens. The only movies you really see that come out
any more—-now Close Encounters of the Third Kind by Spielberg was a docudrama. He was
given access to some of the secret files at Wright Patterson Air Force Base, and it's true. If you
haven't seen that movie, go see it. It's classic. But in modern times—that was in the 1970s I
think —it just isn't possible. The studios are completely mobbed up with people just like these
scientists who are actually on the payroll with people who respond to the intelligence
community. So Arnold Kopelson was a huge producer; had multi-billion dollars in gross sales
47

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 411, "chars": 2283, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
for his movies. He flew me out to L.A. He wanted to do an enormous expose, true-life story. It
would be like Argo, but based on my work and what I've done. It would be a thriller. You have
murder, you have mayhem, you have intrigue, you have ET contact; you have the whole thing.
He loved it. And I was at 20th Century Fox and he had a $60 million discretionary budget to do
any movie he wanted, preapproved, because he was a big name. And I said, "Well, Arnold, I
don't think they're going to let you do this one." He said, "Oh yes, I'm Arnold Kopelson, and
I've done this ...," and he sent me to his vanity wall of all his awards. And I said, "Great,
wonderful. Give me a call." So he sends one of his chief assistants here to DC when we're doing
the private, closed briefings for members of Congress in April of 1997, and she goes back and he
goes ballistic. He says, "This is the most incredible bunch of information." Because we filmed all
that. And, so I let him have that closed briefing film. He said, "This is going to be the biggest
movie. It will be bigger than ET or Close Encounters or any of them, and would certainly be
bigger than something like Avatar." I said, "Well, good, do it, but I don't know if they'll let
you." He said, "Why do you say that?" I said, "Well, let's see. Just start it down the path and
let's see what happens." A few weeks later I got a call from Arnold Kopelson and he said, "Dr.
Greer, they won't let me do this movie." I said, "Oh, Arnold, I thought you had the $60 million
already in the bank ready to roll." He said, "Not for this. Fox has killed it. Put it in turnaround
faster than ten light years of light speed." So it went into turnaround and got killed. And
turnaround means when you take a film and basically kill it. So that's what happened. I could be
here until tomorrow morning giving you examples I've had with the mainstream media where
this has happened over and over again. One of the problems is the big media do not allow certain
things to be exposed. And we have been brainwashed to think we are the land of the free and
have a free press and a free market, etc. But we do, only within a certain confine. Ironically, that
confine is a prison. Because how do you have a free market if the most important technologies
48

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 331, "chars": 1937, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and information of the last one hundred years is sequestered and can't be used. I mean, that's not
a free market. That's a managed market and controlled, and it is. Same thing with the media. So
that's really how that works and you need to understand that it is a very important component of
how MAJIC infiltrates and operates. Keep that in mind whenever you start seeing a major media
report.
Now with the Internet, we can put something out and reach, ironically we can put a video out and
it will have five million views, and it will reach more people than Larry King Live used to, or
most of the CNN talk show hosts get. Luckily, we're able to bypass it now, but back in the good
old days-but even then, it's sort of relegated to mainstream... The thing that people respect for
their source of news—-CBS News, ABC News, CNN, etc.—-won't touch this in a credible way.
And if they start to and believe me, there have been many initiatives. The Wall Street Journal
approached me and wanted to do a huge story; gets killed, gets killed, gets killed. So there are
operatives that are embedded in the integrated corporations of all of these media holding
companies, and it will not make it out. That has been my experience. Today I would love to be
surprised.
That then brings in the question of "What about the rest of the sectors." Someone during the
break brought up the question of funding. I mentioned toward the end that there is eight and a
half trillion dollars that is unaccounted for. Trillion; not billion; trillion. A trillion is a thousand
billion. So in other words, it's a lot of money. Unfortunately, it isn't as obvious as it seems. This
is where—take the children out of the room here's how this actually works. You have, I
mentioned, this sort of storefront with the military industrial unacknowledged special access
projects. You can kind of steal, actually, several billion dollars very easily that way. Each year I
49

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2264, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
estimate, out of the treasury of the United States, through these operations, that between $100
and $200 billion dollars. Not a huge amount, but if you look at the military, intelligence,
Homeland Security, FBI and there are other people- there is the Undersecretary for HUD under
Bush-George H. W. Bush—who discovered that HUD money—Housing and Urban
Development money—was being siphoned off into these black projects. And she started to blow
the whistle on it and she got fired. One of the things you have to begin to get your mind around is
how the unacknowledged special access projects can penetrate, not just the intelligence and
military, but other agencies and then siphon off funds. You get a trickle here and a trickle there,
and soon it becomes this huge river. There's another second, and very important way, that
funding happens. That is through monetizing products. What do I mean by that? Let's say that
you're Bell Labs back in the old days or some of these other large corporations. And your
studying under US funding contracts in these unacknowledged projects a technology. You figure
out, oh, this is really what you can do with an integrated circuit and miniaturize it. Or these
things that we collected off the desert floor in 1947 were these little fibrous things that you put a
light at one end and boom, it's perfectly transmitted to the other. Fiber optics. You then create a
market for it. You allow some of this out, but there is a huge amount of money made on
productizing fiber optics, integrated circuits, miniaturization, microprocessors; things of this sort.
There are spinoffs, and those spinoffs make an enormous amount of money for those companies,
even though we, the tax payers, paid for the R&D, and those folks didn't really invent it. But
they benefit from it, from the corporate level. That enriches the corporation so they can then self-
fund through licensing and productization, things that were actually funded by the tax payers.
Big Pharm— the pharmaceutical industry-does this all the time. They take stuff that is being
funded at NIH or through university grants; the breakthroughs happen in basic science. They
then take it one step further, patent it, license it, and the next thing, you know, the chemotherapy
50

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 319, "chars": 1984, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
costs you $250,000. That's how it works, like with [can't make it out, sounds like "tucks-a-
map']. That's been done with these high-tech programs since the 1940s and 1950s. So that's a
huge source, and then they have their own funding. You can see how they can live off the
reservation away from government even more, because they are more independent. Corporate.
Then there's the banking sector, and this is the big one. You know the Federal Reserve Board
basically just invents money out of thin air. When we had the financial crisis a few years ago
and the mainstream Wall Street Journal, you know, admitted they basically injected $17 trillion
dollars into the banking sector. Trillion. [Can't understand. Tarp?] was a small part of this; $800
billion, not much. This is $17 trillion. They basically, at no interest, gave $17 trillion to the
"gang-banksters," I call them. They are gang-banksters. Those guys who have integrated-—if you
look at the corporate nexus between the banking and financial sector and these large
corporations, and these government agencies, there is a nexus that gets woven. The real power is
really in the financial, macro-economic level. They basically can fund whatever and whoever
they want, and can move money around, virtually with impunity. They are too big to fail. At this
point-there's a joke that if you think they are being regulated, this is a joke. The gang-banksters
have learned how to use that system and they have investments and interests in start-ups—
whether it's the Blackstone Group or the Carlisle Group, private banking at JP Morgan Chase,
and this and that and the other thing. There's this whole labyrinthian system that involves the
banking sector. Then there are covert parts of the banking sector. I'll tell you a story of a man
who …..
Back when I was working on this and they made another run after I said "No" to the head of
Army Intelligence when they wanted to buy my silence with $2 billion in slush fund money, I
51

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2233, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
was taken to the Wrigley Mansion in Phoenix. One night, it was a late-night meeting, maybe ten
or eleven o'clock. There was a whole group of people in like a conference or board room in this
mansion. Around the table where a whole bunch of suits, and most of them were corporate; a
couple were government and they said, basically to me, "You don't need to bother with someone
like the President or the CIA Director. They don't know anything, and they're not going to know
anything. You need to be meeting with people like-well, us who do WFO-work for other
programs for the government. There are certain orders of Jesuit priests who are involved with
technology transfer policy." I said, "What?" I thought they were on drugs. It turned our every
word they said was true. I was listening. It would be an interesting movie, wouldn't it? Anyone
who has the conjones to do it. Then this one guy pulled me aside and said, "You know, we
checked you out. You're a doctor, you have good credit, good income. Take out as many
platinum cards as you want. Give them to me. We will then zero out the account balances every
month, so you can spend several million dollars a month, and we'll just zero it out." You put me
under sodium pentothal—-this actually happened. I said, "Well, then you would own me,
wouldn't you, Jim." He said, "Oh, don't look at it that way. We're here trying to help you." I
said, "No, you would own me. This is fraud; banking fraud." He said, "No. Well, just look at it
as a friendly hand helping you out. Friendly." You know, devil with forked tongue. Then he
started to explain, "You know, there are a lot of creative ways we can get money when we need
to." This guy headed up some folks who do the back-up computers for the banking system.
These are big super computers. Basically when you have trillions of dollars daily going back and
forth in currency exchange and transactions, there's an odd amount left over that is less than a
penny, or less than a euro, or less than a yen. That gets dropped into a black fund account, and
it's a lot of money. It adds up on a daily basis—if you take 365 days in a year, you've got a lot
money from that. It becomes billions; tens of billions. You have the black budget,
52

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2269, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
unacknowledged projects. You have the corruption and fraud within the government system.
You have the productization/monetization of things that we're paying for the study that they then
monetize. Like integrated circuits, and cell phones, and fiber optics. Then you have the banking
corruption, and then you have the piece de resistance, and the one that is most disturbing, and
that is the drug trade. So worldwide drug trade cash-cash and carry-bigger than oil. When I
first heard this from an attorney who was representing a man's family who's husband, a Marine
colonel was murdered because he saw them offloading drugs at a military base in California, I
felt this was a bridge too far. I did not actually believe it. This attorney, a very, very credible
guy Harvard Law —was representing the family to get them exhume the body because the
death was deemed a suicide. And the family knew the man had been murdered because of what
he saw, because he had told one family member what he saw. He was at the wrong place at the
wrong time. At a restricted landing area at a restricted facility where one of our aircraft was
offloading a large amount of drugs that would then be sent out through various drug cartels and
whatnot. They killed him because of what he saw. They made it look like a suicide. I filed that
away as data point one. Then I had another data point come in of a woman who owned a 5,000
acre sheep ranch in South Dakota, of all places, but adjacent to it was what had been a chemical
weapons storage area in an underground facility. She had enough resources that she had her own
people go out with night scopes and found that there were ARVs-so-called Alien Reproduction
Vehicles—these man-made anti-gravity things going in and out of this facility in the wee hours
of the morning. And then she got someone close enough that they saw they were offloading huge
amounts of chemical weapons, armaments and drugs. So arms shipping, as well as drug shipping.
She contacted Senator Daschle, the senior senator of South Dakota, who started digging into it.
He got threatened personally. I have a whole dossier file on this in my vault. He backed off of it.
He ran from it at the speed of light to get away from it. Because they made it very clear, "Stay
53

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2158, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
away from this Senator Daschle." He told her he couldn't help her any more. So she reached out
to me saying, "Can you help me." Because part of what was happening was that some of thee
chemical weapons that were stored there were leaking into, not only the groundwater, but where
her sheep were, and a lot of them were dying. It was like these containers were corroding. It was
like the superfund site, but classified. The disaster. And that's why she was so concerned. She
had 5,000 acres. I said, Look, you know. I'll make some calls and see what I can do. But I have
a heavy lift I'm doing here on my own besides your sheep." But this is a very real case.
On the day after I met with and briefed the head of intelligence for the Joint Chiefs of Staff, I got
a cryptic invitation from two men. My wife and I called them Mr. Allen One and Mr. Allen Two.
That was their code name. I don't want to talk about who they actually are until they are
deceased. They invited me over to this condo in Crystal City near National Airport, which it
turned out was the home of a former congressman who was sort of a consigliere, sort of an
advisor to George H. W. Bush. In the room with him was a burly man who was a Science
Applications International Corporation executive who was living, virtually, in retirement exile in
France who had come in for the meeting. It was shocking what I learned, though not so shocking
given what I've just told you. They said, "Do you understand how dangerous this group is?" I
said, "Yes I do. Personally." And they said, "But do you understand what they're really doing.
They're destroying our world, they're destroying our planet, they're destroying our country. And
these are the ones who have gotten off the reservation even from George H. W. Bush and have
escaped control. Gangland style." I said, "Yes, I know there are special compartmented
operations that are unacknowledged that aren't even under the control of MAJIC any more."
M.A.J.I.C. They said, "Yes, there's a big one and it deals with drugs." He said, "There's an army
of eight thousand men that are special operations folks. They move drugs all over the world and
54

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 382, "chars": 2200, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the country, and we have killed two thousand of them; murdered them. Thrown them out of
helicopters; missing in action-because of minor infractions in security or a hint that there might
be. Two thousand of the eight thousand." And they began to describe this program in detail and I
listened. They said, "You know, so this is part of the problem that you're dealing with..." By
the way, connect the dots. This is why we don't have legalization or decriminalization of drugs,
which every health policy person knows you can buy anything on the streets of any little town of
America. There needs to be ... It needs to be something where there's treatment, education, what
have you. But if it was made legal, you would take away an enormous part of the funding for this
criminal cartel. It is the biggest criminal enterprise in the world. So one of my attorneys said,
"You know, what you're really describing is a trans-national RICO-Racketeering Influenced
Corrupt Organization." I said, "Yes, of course." He said, "You know, civilians can mount outside
of the government a proceeding against using the RICO statute, basically which was set up for
the Mafia." I said, "Yes. If you know an attorney that has the courage to do it, let me know.
And this gets into something else that can be done with the information that we have the people
that could be asked about. And that is a major investigation with a Whistle Blower Act result.
What do I mean by that? The federal Whistle Blower Act allows for someone to blow the whistle
on illegal and corrupt activity, and what is recovered or exposed to that whistle blower, the
whistle blower gets a percentage of. In this case, we would be talking about billions of dollars.
So if there's a legal team that wants to head this up, and some more whistle blowers that we can
put together, that's how you could fund the energy lab, but it would be a very big lawsuit and
project. It can be done if there's anyone who has the wherewithal to do it. I've mentioned this to
a few attorneys, but when they find out who you're really taking on, they go "No thanks; no
thanks." So it's all about courage. If you have the courage to take on this sort of Fourth Reich
55

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 2172, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that's really running this neo-fascist trans-national security state. But that is another big part of
the funding mechanism. There are others, but these are the big pillars of how you get funding for
an Unacknowledged Special Access Project.
It isn't nice and it isn't pretty, and then it ends up doing things that are completely out of control.
If we go to the next document from Prince Hans-Adam von Liechtenstein. This is going to get
heavier and darker for a little bit, until it gets better. Bear with me. I don't know if you know
who this is. Liechtenstein is a big banking empire. They funded a lot of Adolf Hitler's work. The
crown prince is their King, so this is a man that I've met with and known for a number of years. I
think this is dated 1994. Hans-Adam von Liechtenstein the first time I was asked to call the
castle, his butler or someone picked up, then he was immediately put on, and we talked. He said,
"Well, I don't want to talk on the phone too much, but we should meet." These letters-and you
can go to the next one; it was a month later or something—-was from the castle, Vaduz. These are
the actual letters. He basically said to me, "You know, let's get together." He was wanting me to
come to Europe, and I said, "Well, I'm too busy. I'm working as a doctor." And it ended up,
although it's not reflected in this letter, he came to New York and stayed at the Four Seasons
hotel there on Central Park. He invited me over and I had a meeting with him. He said, "From
what I know of your assessment, your assessment is correct about the group; this cabal, which is
controlling the issue we discussed; UFO. I suspect they have very good reasons not to inform the
public, and therefore, I am highly skeptical about your chances of success. " But he still wanted
to meet. I said, "Okay, let's meet." This where it's going to get into some shock and awe. In
1994 in July, I went up to meet with him at the Four Seasons hotel and the reason he didn't think
it could succeed is that he told me the ETs wouldn't allow it. They wouldn't allow disclosure to
happen. I said, "Excuse me, we're making contact and it is clear ..." He said, "Let me tell you
56

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 391, "chars": 2255, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
what happened." He was involved with a lot of UN programs and also with George H. W. Bush,
the first President Bush, and a man at the UN named Pérez de Cuéllar who was the secretary
general at the time. I had done briefings with the one after Boutrous Boutrous-Ghali. He said to
me, "The reason I, on the phone, I told you it wouldn't be allowed isn't that it wouldn't be
allowed from the point of view of the government, but the aliens won't allow it." I said, "That's
ridiculous. Since we've been talking, we've gone down to Mexico and had craft come out.
They're obviously wanting to make contact if we do it in a peaceful way and not a military way."
He said, "This was attempted before you started your organization" I said, "What are you
talking about?" He told me that in November of 1989, in the Fall of 1989, President Ronald
Reagan, Mickhail Gorbachev, Pérez de Cuéllar and himself, and this guy and others met with a
committee; very sensitive and classified to organize basically what I did with the Disclosure
Project to announce that we weren't alone and end the secrecy. He said that what happened was
that Pérez de Cuéllar, the Secretary General of the United Nations, was coming back from a three
a.m. late-night planning session for this event when he was abducted by aliens from his
motorcade in Manhattan. I said, "Oh, really?" He proceeded to tell me the gory details of what
happened. So Pérez de Cuéllar was taken somehow out of the motorcade onto an ET craft where
he was threatened by the ETs and told, "If you disclose this information, we will abduct every
world leader involved, including the President of the United States." This is from a person who is
at the table for this planning session to my ears, now to you. I said, "Oh, come on. Really?" He
said, "Yes. Blew up like an atomic bomb in the Bush White House." Subsequently I found out
that up at Kennebunkport, there were all these UFOs zipping around when Bush was up there out
there out on a cigarette boat. They didn't realize they were ours. So now we're getting into False
Flag 101, up to and including, being able to deceive members of MAJIC. It took me a long time
to get to the bottom of this mystery. People like Budd Hopkins thought it was a real abduction
57

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2098, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
case. I looked into it and found out that if you go back to the Roswell event, there was a red-
headed sergeant who was the bad-ass guy who threatened to kill everyone; all the ranchers who
saw this thing crash. His son became a part of MAJC's security; this renegade group. This
splinter group who was involved with abductions and stopping leaks within MAJC itself. He
then went and was in the security detail that night and set up the electronics for this electronic
warfare abduction of aliens. It was all a hoax. It wasn't ET at all; it was 100% military ops.
We're going to get into this in a moment; on how these operate. Pérez de Cuéllar, of course not
knowing about that end of the classified world, and I would say Papa Bush neither, thought it
was actually ET. It blew up, as I said, like an atomic bomb in the Bush White House.
Gorbachev-they pulled the plug on the plans to do disclosure and end secrecy in 1989 at the
end of the cold war. I think it's strange that in January of 1990, two months later, is when I had a
contact event at my house in North Carolina with an ET that said, basically, "Pick up what
you've dropped. Do this; what you have left behind as a teenager. Pick this up again. Someone's
got to pick this up." Maybe it's a coincidence. But Pérez de Cuéllar thought that was an actual
alien abduction. I said, "Your highness, with all due respect, there are technologies that would
facilitate this kind of deception." The military term, so you know it, is a False I & W, or
Deceptive I & W-Indication and Warning. It is basically like the Gulf of Tonkin event in
Vietnam—you basically exaggerate or hoax an event then manipulate policy makers. This was
the ultimate take down of official disclosure, which was about to happen in 1989. Got it?
Twenty-six years ago; November 1989.
Here we are in 2015. It took a lot to piece all this together, and I began to look into what the
electronics were with this. And what kind of technologies they might have. One bit of insight
that the Prince had—he told me that the reason he was funding the abduction groups is that he
58

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 397, "chars": 2292, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
was convinced that there was an existential threat from outer space-that's been the sub-rosa
plant since 1956—and he wanted people to hate the aliens enough to pay the blood and treasure
of World War III. He also wanted it to be eschatological where it would result in the end of the
world so Christ would return and the good folks would go up in a flying saucer, I guess, with
Christ. This is what he was telling me. I was just listening, and I'm thinking, "Whoa, this is like
"hoo-hoo." He was completely convinced that this is what needed to happen. This sort of end of
the world eschatological-eschatology is the study of the end of the world—event. And that was
what he was providing so much funding to Mack and David Jacobs and Budd Hopkins and all
this. Eventually he told me, "I'm going to stop funding John Mack because he has become too
positive about contact, and I only want to fund people who are going to put things out there that
scare people and make them hate the aliens." He said this. I thought, "Oh boy." This connecting
the dots is something you all better listen to very carefully, if it's the last thing you learn today.
And that is that there is an overarching agenda that was hatched in the 1950s. Remember that
psychological warfare document and its value? It was hatched between 1953 and 1956 to create
the spectre of a threat from outer space that does not exist. Werner von Braun stated, on his
death bed —we have the testimony of his assistant "They will first have the cold war, then we
decided there would be nations of concern, then global terrorism"— we have this testimony from
before 9/11-"then that will be followed by threats from outer space. They'll start talking about
asteroids and things of this sort, but the ultimate one they're going to play is the alien threat, and
it's all a lie. It's all a hoax. But in order for the lie to work, they have had to create a body of
disinformation—false information —and frightening scenarios and actual events that would be
convincing to our policy makers—like Reagan-convincing to the average person, and to the
UFO public that consumes videos, entertainment consoles, movies, etc." That has been the fifty
to sixty year plan. Don't forget that no less a figure than Douglas MacArthur, in his last address
59

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2176, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to the Congress, said "World War III will be interplanetary." So they had been wanting to
provoke an interplanetary conflict for as long as I've been alive, and I'm to spring chicken.
This gets into a huge problem of how people consume information and can be manipulated
through fear. Because, if you look at the roots of human warfare, the early days, and even today
it's people abducting tribes, women, raping them, abusing them sexually, etc. and so on. This is
all stuff that they are simulating and saying that the ETs are doing through these abduction
scenarios. It is 100% being done by military special operations that are this paramilitary force.
This is the deep end of the pond. When I discovered this, back in 1994 - this is twenty-one years
On —I was told my someone in the intelligence community, "Don't talk about that because that's
what is really dangerous for you. It's also what would discredit you and it will also cause them to
hate you the most, because you're de-fanging their whole war plan. The next big war is not
terrorism, it's interstellar. And if you expose that it is a hoax, it takes all the steam out of their
plan." I said, "Yes, but if we don't, we're cooked. Because there is no way you can have war that
is interstellar and survive it. It would be worse than mutual assured destruction. The technologies
are a thousand times worse than a hydrogen bomb." I said, "Look, we going to have to figure out
how to deal with this. The only way I know how to do it is to put the sunlight in there and let
people know what the truth is." So a man came along-if you go to the next slide... You
probably have seen this. It's up on our web site. When we first put it up, it had over six hundred
thousand views. The next day, the intelligence community went in and said there were six
thousand views. By the way, if you believe the metries on Google and YouTube, I have a bridge
to sell you. It all can be manipulated. Because it moves you down the search engines. So when
this hit, within a couple of days, it had six hundred thousand views. This man, William
Pawelec—it's pronounced pow-lick—-this is a very good man who gave me an interview to be
60

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 365, "chars": 2251, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
released only posthumously; after he died. A few years ago I got a letter from his wife his
significant other I guess, they weren't technically married-and it was a death certificate and a
letter giving me permission—he had passed away. I have a lot of these. I honor my word about
keeping a confidence. So what happened is he gave me this interview, and in it, he talked about
the development of RF-Radio Frequency chip implants. Back in the 1970s and 1980s, when he
was developing it was totally an accidental thing to happen. He was with a company when he
developed it. He even got called into the CIA, and they started doing special programs for the
CIA to develop it. At a certain point, Siemens in the Silicon Valley manufactured two billion of
them; of these RF chips. The way they work ... they can be so miniaturized you can eat
something with it... it has a radio frequency that can transmit not only where you are, but the
really advanced ones have a neurophone capability to control thought behavior. Very sinister
stuff. You can actually do a lot of psychological warfare with these RF frequency chips. That
was the early stages in the 1970s and 1980s. You figure, now forty years later, they are more and
more and more sophisticated. As I have watched the whole UFO subculture sort of get involved
with this whole fascination with abductions and implants, but you know, EG&G is one of the
plants that's on the edge of Area 51-they're ones manufacturing the implants that you're taking
out of these abduction victims. Absolutely. They're not coming from outer space. They don't
need that. If you're interstellar, your transdimensional. If your transdimensional, you don't need
an RF frequency planted chip to track anybody. Because their technologies are way beyond that.
This is human. One hundred percent, and you'd better wake up. So Pawelec gave us this
interview and it was one of a dozen data points that I began to accumulate. Then, not many years
ago, I got a document— the next one which is chilling—it has never been shown-from the
Strategic Studies Institute Think Tank—it is dated 1995. It was talking about all kinds of global
security strategies. You can look at it yourself. Cult-programmed graduates, blah, blah, blah,
61

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1988, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
who will be expected to be participating in contrived UFO abduction scenarios. Listen
carefully—we need the next one up -I loathe reading to people, but I will.
"Number two: Create a global UFO cult, which will involve--this is what needs to be done in
order to actuate this false flag operation —which will involve the abduction of citizens so as to
foster an illusion that this earth is facing an extraterrestrial invasion. UFO abductees-of-
preference will have an expertise in computer technologies since that expertise will be required
in future technocratic RMA scenarios. Use of experimental drugs, holographic projection
capabilities, directed-energy technologies"-I'll get into that in a moment induced auditory
input,"-these are the neurophones that I mentioned. Werner von Braun said that the most
dangerous thing is the neurophone, non-local things that can be done to make people think
they're having an experience when they're not. "input, experimental aircraft,"- that's just a
euphemism for man-made UFOs—-"and special effects costuming and stagecraft, among other
things, will be used to persuade abductees of the reality of their circumstances. Official denials
regarding these events will employ reverse psychology, to ensure that all such denials are taken
as official confirmation of an eminent and/or ongoing extraterrestrial invasion."—this is the next
page- "UFO abductees will be persuaded to worship their anticipated ET conquerors in cult-
enforced religious fashion. UFO cult networks will be controlled by U.S. Intelligence to limit
infiltration and ensure that dissidents do not disrupt UFO Cult long-term agendas. Uncontrollable
dissidents will be assassinated, preferably by directed-energy means. Dissociative satanic cult
graduates will handle all such executions; i.e., when not actively lending logistical and theatrical
support to UFO abduction operations."
"Number three. Directed-energy surveillance and weapons technologies of ALL types will be
62

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 286, "chars": 1942, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
used for purposes of spreading fear and confusion in the population at large (under deniable
circumstances); for eliminating persons deemed 'adversarial' to U.S. national security interests;
and for spotting, assessing and manipulating potential recruits to RMA causes."
"Number four. Neurocybernetics and other psychotechnologies will be used to sew confusion
and hypochondria in the population at large. The symptoms and effects produced by these and
other directed-energy technologies will parallel the effects produced by various microbes, viruses
and chemical imbalances, thus compelling a large segment of society to seek medical
intervention, which, in turn, will be a basis for their being used for medical experimentation
under "voluntary" circumstances. Psychiatrists and psychologists will play in important role I
these experiments, particularly where denying the efficacy of
neurocybernetics/psychotechnologies is concerned. Citizens complaining of "hearing voices"
will be used as a basis for (generously) government-funded; schizophrenic-related brain
research"... on and on and on. It goes on.
If you're not falling out of your chair yet, what I want to tell you is that all of that has come to
pass, and came to pass between the 1950s and the 1970s. A man that I worked with before his
death had developed an electronic system in 1954 that would enable someone to electronically
remote-view anywhere. It could also affect some of these have been called radionic
psychotronic weapons systems. They were developed decades ago. How hard is it to deploy
them? Not hard. They're not used every day. They are used enough to create a groundswell of
conviction that there's an alien threat. So you take that capability, combine it with man-made
UFOs, combine it with disinformation in general about the subject, and also certain chemicals,
and you can launch an entire contagion of fear that is based on completely man-made false
63

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2127, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
events. So this is the false flag event I wanted to warn you about. People say, "When is that
going to happen?" I say, "It has happened already." It has already happened. The media, the film
industry, any UFO conference you go to, is going to be filled—-unwittingly, usually; not always
unwittingly, but usually unwittingly— with information that is this kind of disinformation
designed to create an us versus them dynamic of an alien threat.
The reason for it is that it is the only way to grow the military industrial complex. Leon Panetta,
the CIA Director—later Secretary of Defense—-but when he was CIA Director, he said, "We're
spending $110 billion a year chasing down 70 Al Qaeda members in Afghanistan. Ridiculous."
In order to sustain the level of expenditures and grow the military industrial intelligence
laboratory financial complex, you've got to have another enemy. As terrible as the terrorism
threat is and it's real—it's nothing compared to what they could do like in the movie,
Independence Day, where they stage an attack using man-made anti-gravs, that look very ET,
with this kind of technology that there is a treat or an attack on earth. Heads up, Werner von
Braun, on his death bed, warned that this would happen and that it would be hoaxed. We have so
many people ... I have met with one man——I can't get him to come forward-and then another,
and then another, and then another, who spoke of... In the early days they used—I know this
sounds terrible—he was a little guy and he was so short. They basically did like they would in a
movie-suit and head and that to make him look like an alien, and he would be ... There would
be military choppers nearby, but he would be in one of these man-made flying discs and go in,
and with a chemical canister and some electronics, abduct people. He said, "Oh yeah. I was on
an abduction squad." And this was way back, think in the 1960s. They've gotten better-—I say
better they've become more efficient. Over the decades they have developed little creatures
that look like an ET. They may look gray or like a reptile... they actually kind of walk like this.
64

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 381, "chars": 2194, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
They have this robotic, weird walk. If you look at the ... I saw the video that Stan Romanek had
of the one that came into his house that basically a film company bought up and black-shelved.
Nobody has seen this. I was at his home. And the one that came into his house was exactly one
of these so-called gray-like creatures. The way it moved was this very robotic. It was so obvious
that it was a bio-machine. If you go into the brain, it is physical; it has a biological component,
but the neuro-cortex is laced with integrated circuits. It's completely under the control of these
military operatives. But he thought it was an alien. I said, "Well, it was an alien, but not an ET."
I used the word alien, which has a very xenophobic ring, to connote the man-made ones, and the
ETs are the ones that are interstellar. The aliens that are man-made are ones that are completely
under the control of these paramilitary operations. The stagecraft, if you use the language of this
Strategic Studies Institute document, is so good that it would fool anyone. The President, the
CIA ... you could abduct-and they did—-they abducted Pérez de Cuéllar out of his limousine
using this stuff, and he thought it was ET. That's why they killed the initial plan to end secrecy at
the end of the cold war. Gorbechav was on board, Reagan was on board, Pérez de Cuéllar, the
head of the UN, the Prince of Liechtenstein was involved, etc. and so on. Killed it.
This, I know, is where everyone is thinking could this man have lost his mind? Every word I'm
telling you is true. This is the heart of the secrecy. How do you convince people there's another
species to hate. They actually took this from the playbook of Adolf Hitler. The way they
condition the population ... In the 1920s and the early part of the twentieth century, Germany
was the apex of culture, erudition, progressivity, intellectual pursuits, etc. and so on. How do you
get that population to devolve into this horrific community that could engage in the Holocaust
and World War II the way that happened? Psychological warfare. The psychological warfare
masters that were involved with the German attempt at Nazism, got pulled into the OSS that

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2101, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
became the CIA—and they reside today within this unacknowledged transnational deep national
security state. That's exactly the problem we're facing. It isn't pretty. I have tried to summarize
it in these three or four hours as best as I can, but it's the truth. As Gloria Steinem said, "The
truth shall set you free, but first it might piss you off." I think a lot of people, when they learn
this is what they've been involved with, people who have done research on this subject, get quite
irritated, because they begin to realize that almost everything you know about the subject is not
true. About why they are here. What I've learned being the head of the Global CE-5 Effort. Let's
go to the next one; it's a very interesting thing that came out not long ago.
It's from the Daily Mail in the UK. They was an article about this new electronic warfare system.
I actually talked about this twenty-some years ago, but they are just now bringing it out. It is kind
of like Star Trek, but it is something you can put up that basically knocks out all electronic
communication. It just gives you the idea that if this being reported in the regular media, or even
tabloid media, this is at least thirty to forty years old. It's basically a platform that can float over
an area and knock out all electronics. Not only in a city, but over a battle field, or what have you,
using pulsed microwaves. This is not from that scalar, this is pulsed microwaves. When you
pulse microwaves in a certain way, it can cross over into this longitudinal effect, and it can have
an enormously destructive result. This was actually getting reported. If this is being
acknowledged in the media, it means that it is, at least, five, six, seven generations old. In other
words, this is not state-of-the-art. Anything that is acknowledged in the mainstream media is
going to be old, old, old technology. The really state-of-the-art stuff is highly classified,
compartmented and unacknowledged. Most of the really amazing stuff.
This brings us to: How do we get out of this conundrum? Put up the next one. I just want to share
66

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2268, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
this—I shared this in my London presentation in September. This is the French initiative. You
see the date on it. This is by far-
- we're about to release all of this with a report on the Internet—
document every generated by a government on this subject. Urgent. 16 January 2007. The
French government had decided to reach out to us to make peaceful contact with the ETs and
bypass this entire unacknowledged world of cloak and dagger nonsense. And through a series of
meetings that happened over three or four years Dr. Moran and his people—-very senior guy, an
admiral, PhD, scientist and also a medical doctor—-with the Ministry of Defense - this is an
official Ministry of Defense letter to me and a few other people about this project. What they
wanted to do is have protocols established-—and with this document came an entire separate
attachment that had all the research and equipment that would be needed to do a friendly
diplomatic contact with these civilizations in France. So we cooperated with that—-this was
something that was not talked about until September. I referred to it some years ago-some of
you may remember I talked about a major G7 country whose ministry of defense was reaching
out to us to make peaceful contact. This is it. I'm speaking of it now because that government
left, President Sarkozy, Enough time has passed so I feel like I can talk about it without too many
ruffled feathers. There's still going to be ruffled feathers with this. Importantly, what you have to
look at with this document is that it is basically an explanation —if you look at the translation...
We had expected to do an event sooner, and it kept getting delayed. The delay was politics.
There were people interfering with this attempt to go out and have a team of folks with the air
support, security support, and have like in Close Encounters of the Third Kind, a contact landing
or near-contact event under the official auspices of the ministry of Defense of France. When we
started going back and forth with this communication— of course, everything I do is monitored
in real time—-the French Ambassador to the United States got a very nasty phone call from our
intelligence community saying, "What the hell do you think you're doing." And they really
67

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 358, "chars": 2100, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
cussed him out. He said, "We're doing this. We're a sovereign country." And basically what was
said back to him was, "Don't do it anywhere near US assets or US airspace or US territory or
you will be in big trouble." And the French got very irritated by this and said, "We'll be
completely within France and it's none of your business." Obviously there are elements within
MAJIC in France who have run interference to interfere with this process. Every major country
have elements, so it's very political; it becomes very, very thorny, but the very fact that senior
people in the Ministry of Defense of a major G7 country-Group of Seven, major economic
country, and a nuclear power—-would reach out to make peaceful contact using the close
encounters of the fifth kind initiative is, by far, the most historic thing, and that is why I think
this document is the most important ever written. It's not classified. I only kept it private because
I didn't want to burn bridges to the government that was there. And it did involve all the way up
to the president of France, this effort.
We actually ended up going I believe it was in 2010 or 2011, and did a CE-5 event that
actually had enormous results. Their military had cordoned off the air space and we had a 2,200
acre estate in Brittany and there were ET craft tracked going overhead at over 200,000
kilometers an hour and all kinds of strange phenomenon in the field where we were. The admiral
was there. Now no one knew that's who he was. This ended up being a demonstration event for
the Ministry of Defense people. It was directed by me. The cover story was that it was a CSETI
expedition for a weekend. So sometimes, when you come on these expeditions, there may be
other folks there. Get it? Nobody knew who he was. He was just a nice gentleman in a plaid
shirt. That's how these things have to happen. It wasn't my place to expose who he was, but they
were very happy with the results and have learned a lot. We continue to teach them the concepts
of non-locality in consciousness, remote viewing, coherent thought sequencing, electronic
68

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2276, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
interface with thought that the ETs have, how to set up the correct philosophy and conditions for
contact, on and on and on. And this is really the core, of course, of why I founded this
organization. To move us away from the brink of war into a time of interplanetary peace and
universal peace. At the same time we have to understand that an operation like this isn't going on
in a vacuum in outer space. It's going on within a world that is enormously dysfunctional,
particularly with these national security issues and these sort of spy versus spy groups who
interfere. There was enormous interference between 2007 and 2010, trying to stop that process. It
continues to go on. It turns out there people who are key involved with the liaison who are
actually moles from MAJIC who are there to disrupt events. Infiltrators. So this is what happens.
Welcome to my life. That should be of no surprise to anyone, and it was certainly no surprise to
me. Ultimately, the fact that there would be a major initiative like this from a government like
France for peaceful purposes, as opposed to a warfare or militaristic purposes is a very positive
development. I had a lucid dream years ago ... Before I started these projects—I'm part
Cherokee and I have a lot of lucid dreams of the future. I met my wife that way. When we were
in the future, we were at White Sands, where the first atomic bomb went off. There was a
beautiful event happening. The US Air Force and the government had moved off this dime of
either denial or suppression or hoaxing and trying to create this false flag, World War III conflict
that is completely a hoax. They had decided, yes, we need to pick this other path and make
peaceful contact. A massive government-sanctioned CE-5 was happening in broad daylight. This
beautiful, silver, seamless object descended in the bed of a blue sky and landed. An ancient elder,
an ET came out of it. This was all broadcast live; the whole world saw it. That was before I
founded CSETI, the Disclosure Project and all this. I was maybe in my early 20s when I had that
dream, and I'm 60 now. It is a potential future. But I do believe it is a potential future. And the
way it's going to become a real future is for all of us to do that. Because, guess what. Do you
69

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2095, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
know who the leaders are on this? You guys. Not the President, not the Congress. Disclosure,
contact, all of that first has to be the people. We the people. It's going to happen by us banding
together, making contact, being enlightened about what we're doing. Not going out there with
ray guns, but doing it for the purpose of an open relationship that's peaceful and enduring
between our planet and these other planets. That is the only possible outcome anyway. The other
outcome-any conflict with any ET civilization would be the complete destruction of their
planet and ours. It would be much worse than a massive, global thermonuclear war exchange. So
there is no possible future except a peaceful one. Lets figure out how to do that. No matter what
your believe system is about these various civilizations that are out there-my own assessment is
that some are not really thrilled with us because ... well who wouldn't be? And some are maybe
our distant cousins, and some are just getting involved and looking with some horror at what's
happening. But ultimately, none of them are overtly hostile. If they were, it would be over. It
would have been over when we dropped the first atomic bomb. I've been told that by multiple
members of MATIC.
But it's very easy to play on peoples paranoia and fears through mutilations and abductions. This
Dr. John Altschuler I mentioned who was the nephew of General Jimmy Doolittle, he became
the guy who did the first "Snippy the Horse" case. Snippy the horse, and cattle mutilation and
animal mutilation case, that was him. He wouldn't get acknowledged because he wanted to stay
in the background, but he was the scientist... I was staying at his home outside of Denver, and
he said absolutely that case was military, made to look ET for the purpose of scaring the hell out
of people. I said, "Really?" He said, "Absolutely." And then I met with a man—it was an
accidental meeting; you know the universe works in strange ways. I was sitting on a flight from
Colorado or New Mexico to the East Coast, and the guy sitting beside me said, "What do you
70

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2092, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
do." And I said, "I'm a doctor." He said, "What are you doing out here?" I said, "Well I actually
do stuff with UFOs." He said, "You're kidding. Let me tell you ..." He owned a 250,000 acre
ranch in northern New Mexico. He said, "Let me tell you what they are doing to my cattle, but
it's not aliens, it's humans! He was very wealthy and he had night-scopes. He said, "These guys
are coming in with special silent helicopters" — and we have them; my military advisor was on a
ship where one landed in a fog and they couldn't see it. They said, "Where is it? Where is it?"
And they said, "Look up, it's right above you and there's no sound." Completely quiet. He said,
"We caught them red-handed doing these mutilations on my cattle." He instituted a law suit
against the US government, but the group doing it was unacknowledged group, extra-
constitutional so the US government said, "We don't know anything about it." And the
government people who were telling him that were telling the truth. This is real plausible
deniability, right? Because the can honestly say they don't know anything about this. So he took
it all the way through the Federal court system, but it just got thrown out. Even though he had
dispositive evidence that human paramilitary, US military assets were doing it. I have share this
with Linda Moulton Howe and others. Alien harvest? I said, "Baloney."This is being done by
people who want to scare the hell out of the public. It's part of the psychological warfare that
was launched in 1953.
But there is another reason for it. They are getting raw materials that they take from that it's
hard to do it underground. Take them to underground bases which become culture media for
their programmed lifeforms; the man-made ETs I'm talking about. We don't have time to get
into what these nano-technological things are, but let me just say that cloning —Dolly the sheep
was not the first cloned creature. So with the right electromagnetic pulse, it is very easy to clone
a human or ET, or take tissue from one; but you need some kind of biological medium, and that's
71

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 348, "chars": 2104, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
what—the cattle mutilations and other animal mutilations provide the biological medium for
these experiments and development of man-made, fake ETs. And by the way there is an
intelligence official who kept calling Stan Romanek, telling him, when he had that creature come
into his kitchen, he said: "Stan it's one of the fake ones." And Stan didn't know what it meant. I
went out there with one of the MUFON investigator who investigates abductions. I said, "Yes,
it's a fake one." He said, "What do you mean?" I said, "I've been talking about this for twenty
years. The literature is replete with the military involvement in these abductions. It's a fake one,
man-made; it's made to look alien to scare the hell out of people because it puts fear out into the
community. It's not extraterrestrial; it's man-made" But the cattle mutilations do two things.
They provide a nexus for more fear—"Oh my God not only are they abducting people, they are
mutilating!" And it also creates a source of biological substrate material for the nano bio-
machines that are these biologicals that look alien. That was because they were taking them to
Dulce, which was near his ranch.
The same thing at Pine Gap. I have a physicist who worked at Pine Gap in Australia. It's all
subterranean, and he worked on a project where he said: "We have these creatures coming off
like sausages on a conveyor belt." Absolutely. I was at a meeting in Australia a couple of years
ago, and the Minister of Defense for Australia was there. He didn't know anything abut this
stuff. We had a very interesting conversation. I said, "No you wouldn't. Our Secretary of
Defense doesn't know about this either." That is really what is happening. You have to think that
if we can make our way through this nexus of fear and false information that has kind of
colonized everyone's mind, then we can go out there with close encounters of the fifth kind
teams, and make peaceful contact with these civilizations. How beautiful. That's why I tell
people not to be afraid of anything interstellar. You should be very concerned about paramilitary
72

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 397, "chars": 2273, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
humans; but the interstellars-not a problem. I think you have to make a distinction. You might
say, "How do you tell the difference?" Well an ET craft has no seams; the light from it is coming
from refined material that is so pure that the light itself looks celestial. The beings themselves
have a completely non-invasive ... very intelligent. IQ of 400-500; that range. Very conscious
and spiritual. The PLFs (Programmed Life Forms) are menacing, they're invasive. The man-
made, Lockheed Martin, Northrop, SAIC man-made discs, saucers and triangles have rivets and
seams. It's quite clear to tell the difference, but you need to know there is a difference first,
because otherwise you are going to think everything is alien and it's not. That's why I'm doing
this Webinar with thousands of people watching. It's going to go up on the web. The public
needs to know the difference between the real and the false, and what the agenda is for the false
one and how easy it is, whether its through a cosmic 9/11 or some other scenario to manipulate
the public into fear and get onto a war footing where we suspend our liberties, our freedoms, and
spend trillions of dollars and countless lives in a concocted, hoaxed battle. Don't be fooled again.
We need to not be fooled again. This is the big one that we need to be waken up to. If enough of
us wake up to this, and then go out and make peaceful contact, then those folks who want to see
us create a time of endless war, can't have their way. They only succeed if you are sheeple who
are going to follow along with the conventional wisdom like zombies half asleep. So I beg you to
share this with everyone you know. Go out there and make peaceful contact.
The other thing I'm calling for is this Whistle Blower Act provision. If there are people in this
audience, or know people who have been involved with these projects, and who can testify. If
there is an attorney team that will take it, we will initiate this lawsuit. The next is mass
defections. All of you know people who know people who know people, who know people. It's
two or three degrees of separation. If you work your network, those of you listening who are in
California in the high desert-—there are people in Palmdale near Edwards, or people in Nevada
73

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2256, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
listening right now. You network in your community and you find people who are at these
facilities that I named. Unfortunately, that document didn't make it, but listen to it. If they
worked on these projects related to ETs, UFOs, PLFs (Programmed Life Forms), anti-gravity,
you may defect with impunity under the National Security Act of the United States. Why?
Because we have proven today that there are dozens and dozens and dozens of officials in the US
government, in the British government and every other country who have been denied access to a
criminal enterprise; a racketeering influenced corrupt organization; the largest RICO in the world
that has involved itself in corruption; and therefore, it cannot-if it is violating the US, British
and other constitutions—-cite the National Security Act to provide cover. That is why on May 9,
2001, when we did the disclosure project and I had twenty-some people the national press club
over here, and then subsequently more than a hundred that came forward in the books and videos
for disclosure—None of them, even though they had top secret clearances on this issue; none of
them ever got a phone call or a letter saying "be quiet." Because we had proven between 1992
and 2001 that this is an illegal, unconstitutional operation. So anyone listening who has a family
member, a friend, a neighbor, someone you can network, who has been in these projects or are
currently in those projects, contact me at our web site; SiriusDisclosure.com We will treat you
with the greatest confidentiality. We do not want to hear from second hand people unless you
have dispositive documents and proof. Only first-hand people who were there and can prove they
were there. You'll have a DD 214 from the Department of Defense, you'll have badges from
your corporate access; you'll have stuff that can establish it, and that's what we require. Those
folks need to come forward in the next wave of disclosure and defect from this criminal
enterprise. Many of you, I'm addressing you now, don't know you're in a criminal enterprise
because the way compartmented intelligence works, you have a guy at this desk who doesn't
know what the guy next to him is doing because it is special, compartmented intelligence, top
74

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 391, "chars": 2275, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
secret. And that's the way it works. They are in what is called "silos." I am telling you, through
these documents and this testimony, that the way these projects are managed, it is illegal. If it is
illegal, they cannot cite you for violating the National Security Act. Snowden disclosed
information that the President and congress did know about. That's different. I'm talking about
disclosing information that is not being shared with the President or congress, and are, a priori,
illegal. The quotidian world of top secret; this sort of every day world of top secretI'm not
talking about that. I'm only talking about unacknowledged special access projects that deal with
the anti-gravity, or gravity-controlled, new energy, ET or UFO issue. Those things are being
managed in a corrupt enterprise that is illegal. So you folks can speak to anyone, provide any
materiel, take any document-like some of these I have that are top secret that have not been
declassified. No one's going to come after you. I did have an FBI agent say to me once, "You
know, that's a top secret document. If you share that with anyone, each time you share it, it is
however many years in prison and a zillion dollar fine." I said, "Really? Come put the bracelets
on, because my first call"—and that was back when I had been on Larry King. "my first call is
going to be to Ted Koppel"-
—who I know-"and Larry King and a few other people. The
headline is going to be 'Emergency Doctor Gets Arrested for Disclosing Top Secret Document
that Confirms UFOs and that you guys killed Marilyn Monroe.' You want that headline? Then
come get me." And he looked at me and said, "You're crazy." I said, "Yes, like a fox. It's your
worst nightmare,. This is your worst nightmare." So that's the other part of disclosure. Don't be a
lone wolf. Don't be a Bill Colby. Do it, come together with us, with a group of people, another
five, ten, twenty, thirty people deep inside the trans-national security state the deep state-and
come forward. That's what I'm calling for people to do. That's one thing we can do. The other is
that each of us form our own CE-5 groups. How many people here are part of a CE-5 contact
group somewhere? I'm just curious. Yes, so a few of you. The rest of you need to do that. We
75

===== PAGE 76 =====
{"alpha_words": 262, "chars": 1500, "method": "ocr", "page": 76, "variant": "plain-vision"}
have an APP, if you go to SiriusDisclosure.com, and scroll down to the bottom half of the page,
there's actually an APP to train you in the remote viewing and the contact protocols. There's
another free APP that will show you who is on CE-5 teams in your area. You can register on
that; create a new email just for contact and CE-5, and start going out under the stars doing this.
Because here's the power of mass consciousness. Dr. John at Princeton, the Princeton
Engineering Anomalies Research Lab, found that if one person put there awareness on a random
number generator, they could shift the zeros to ones or the ones to zeros, just through their
conscious effect. That's the power of the mind. Our minds have infinite power if we tap into that.
If two people do it, who love each other or are united, the effect was exponential. Not arithmetic.
It wasn't twice as much; it was ten times as much. So when a group of people in higher
consciousness go out for the purpose of making peaceful contact, understanding that our future is
peace in the cosmos and where our destiny is to become extraterestrials to other worlds
eventually, where we will be interstellar ... If you understand that, and then if you begin to do
that; don't worry about what phenomenon happens. The process of doing it itself is
transformative and edifying. So please, go and do that. That's another thing you can all do.
I want to take the last few minutes to take a few questions; we've got fifteen minutes. (3:28:49)
76
