{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T21:58:51Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 101385, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116906-briefing-letter-to-donald-trump-june-14-2016.pdf", "source_sha256": "9d42525c31dd8ba9ff559e42f08fd8cad9f2349f8b890784229796492f977f6a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 441, "chars": 2950, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
June 14, 2016
Dear Mr. Trump,
Congratulations on winning the Republic nomination for President.
I have briefed members of President Clinton's cabinet and provided a briefing for President
Obama on the issue of Extraterrestrial Intelligence, UFO s and Zero Point Energy. While this
subject is often the subject of ridicule, it was treated very seriously by all whom I briefed,
including high ranking members of the military.
Since you may very well be ascending to this high office I would like to share this information
with you.
Since the mid-1950s, classified projects connected to extraterrestrial matters have operated
outside of constitutionally required oversight and control by the President and Congress. This
constitutes a grave and ongoing threat to US national security and global security and peace.
The implications of this subject are such that no aspêct of life on Earth will be unaffected by its
Disclosure. We are acutely aware that this subject is highly controversial and suffers from great
social opprobrium within certain elite circles and within the mainstream media. Indeed, secrecy
on the subject has, in part, been maintained by a carefully orchestrated psychological nexus of
ridicule, fear, intimidation and disinformation that makes it difficult for any public figure to
openly address the matter.
Moreover, the 'bubble' of security and access restrictions that surround the Office of the
President makes it very difficult for POTUS to receive accurate information and advice on the
subject. The consequences of this secrecy, combined with the psychological aspects mentioned
above, have ensured that no President has been able to effectively manage this problem. This
has led to an unacknowledged crisis that affects every presidency.
Because of this misguided secrecy, the wondrous new sciences related to advanced energy
generation, propulsion and transportation have been withheld from the people. These
advances include the generation of limitless clean energy from the so-called zero point energy
field and quantum vacuum flux field from the space around us, and propulsion that has been
termed (incorrectly) anti-gravity. The field of electromagnetic energy that is teeming all around
us and which is embedded within the fabric of space/time can easily run all of the energy needs
of the Earth - without pollution, oil, gas, coal, centralized utilities or nuclear power.
The disclosure of these sciences and their wise application during your first term should you
become President would be the most pressing matter before you. These sciences will create a
true new energy economy allowing mankind to solve our most pressing problems of global
warming, poverty and resource depletion. The constellation of problems that include global
warming, biosphere degradation, air pollution, energy security, Mid-East policy, a collapsing
geo-economic order, growing disparity between the poor and rich of the world, over-
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 501, "chars": 3224, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
population and human sustainability on Earth, to name but a few, are all interconnected and
directly affected by the secrecy surrounding this subject. The solutions lie not in old thinking
and technologies but in a new consciousness applying new sciences. These sciences were born
in the late 19th and 20th centuries but were abandoned and suppressed due to the lust for
power, greed and out of fear of unsettling the status quo.
Your strength has been in your willingness to be the outsider and to unsettle the status quo.
Addressing these interrelated issues with wisdom would be ultimate in seizing the reins of
power and guiding the whole world to a better future. America's leadership in this arena would
surely make it Great Again.
That we are not alone in the universe is now a scientific given. That we have been visited
already by advanced civilizations - whose interests here are likely ancient - is controversial.
However, in my discussions with European, Vatican, Canadian and other leaders around the
world, a growing consensus exists that we have been visited and the time for disclosing this
information is long past due. More importantly, an appropriate diplomatic initiative is needed
to communicate with these extraterrestrial visitors within a framework of universal peace, free
from the past dominance of militarism and paranoia.
Insofar as upwards of 80% of the American people think that 'UFOs' are real, and that some
aspect of the government is lying to them about it, continued secrecy redounds only to the
benefit of the precious few who profit from such secrecy. This secrecy undermines the
credibility of the US and other governments, and allows the cancer of unchecked covert power -
forewarned by President Eisenhower in his last address to the nation - to metastasize
throughout the world. It now threatens the very life of Earth.
Moreover, there exists a secret, 'unacknowledged' operation that has used very advanced
electromagnetic weapon systems to track, target, and on occasion, but with increasing
accuracy, down extraterrestrial vehicles. This reckless behavior constitutes an existential threat
to all of mankind and must be reined in immediately.
The so-called MAJIC (Majority Intelligence Committee) group that controls this subject operates
without the consent of the people, or the oversight of the President and Congress. It functions
as a transnational government unto itself, answerable to no one. All checks and balances have
been obliterated. While as a governing entity it stands outside of the rule of law, its influence
reaches into many governments, corporations, agencies, media and financial interests. Its
corrupting influence is profound and, indeed, it has operated as a very powerful and embedded
global RICO whose power to date remains unchecked.
Upwards of at least $100 billion of USG funds go annually into this operation, also known as the
'black budget' of the United States.
When I first briefed Director of Central Intelligence James Woolsey on this matter in December
of 1993, only a third of this governing group was in favor of what we were recommending:
Disclosure of the fact that we are not alone in the universe and the careful release of advanced
2
