{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T20:48:00Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 64954, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116978-the-unacknowledged-threat-secret-and-covert-operations-by-the-usa.pdf", "source_sha256": "d27d8f03770531d550c5d5c33d9853303b0a252b5cc9ae709104ddfcf6175195"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2849, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE UNACKNOWLEDGED THREAT SECRET AND
COVERT OPERATIONS BY THE USA
Since the end of the Second World War, the US military industrial complex
has secretly sponsored at great public cost the R&D of new technologies for
energy generation, air and outer space flight, futuristic weaponry and other
mostly military ends, which have not been made available for the common
good. Yet today's environmental and economic emergencies dictate that the
accumulated know-how be used for the benefit of mankind in its peaceful
applications.
Steven M Greer
| There] exists a shadowy Government with its own Air Force, its own Navy, its own
fundraising mechanism, and the ability to pursue its own ideas of the national interest, free from
all checks and balances, and free from the law itself.
— Senator Daniel K Inouye
In the councils of Government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence,
whether sought or unsought, by the Military Industrial Complex.. The potential for the disastrous
rise of misplaced power exists, and will persist. We must never let the weight of this combination
endanger our liberties or democratic processes. We should take nothing for granted. Only an
alert and knowledgeable citizenry can compel the proper meshing of the huge industrial and
military machinery of defense with our peaceful methods and goals so that security and liberty
may prosper together
— President Eisenhower - January 1961
The above address by two-term Republican US President and five- star Army General Dwight
Eisenhower was issued as a prescient warning when he left office in 1961. Many have wondered
why such a conservative, pro-military president would issue such a warning. We now know why.
The Disclosure Project, an NGO based in the United States, has identified several hundred
military, intelligence and corporate witnesses to illegal and extra-constitutional projects that have
suppressed information and prevented public access to technologies which could provide a
definitive replacement for oil, coal, nuclear power and other conventional energy sources. These
technologies have been both acquired and developed by military and industrial interests in the
US, UK and other countries that have repeatedly lied to or withheld this information from legally
constituted authorities and the public. This information has the potential to completely transform
the current state of the world in the areas of technology, energy production, propulsion, the
environment and geopolitical issues related to oil and energy supplies. In short, a sustainable,
non-polluting and affluent civilisation could be created by the wise application of these
technologies, and many of the most pressing crises facing the world community could have been
avoided if it had not been for the deliberate suppression of such technological knowledge. While

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 488, "chars": 3378, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"national security concerns" have been invoked as reasons for such secrecy, in reality the policy
is driven by the resolve to maintain the current "status quo" based on the pre-eminence of oil and
fossil fuels and related special interests.
By the time President Eisenhower left, a transformation had occurred in the structure of Western
military, intelligence and corporate programmes. The urgent pressures of the nuclear arms race
and the Cold War with the Soviets had created an atmosphere of extreme secrecy, dwarfing the
secret infrastructure surrounding the Manhattan Project that built the atomic bomb during the
Second World War. The fate of the free world was at stake, and no expense was spared to create
the means to advance technologies within the dark womb of secrecy. A culture evolved that
required such secrecy for national survival and the "need-to-know-only" requirements of such
programmes were further reinforced by the well-known espionage scandals of that era, including
that of the Rosenbergs.
However, such a culture of generally regarded justifiable secrecy also created opportunities for
abuse within the military, intelligence, corporate and laboratory complex. Classified
programmes, appropriately structured to require a genuine need-to-know situation in order for
one to have access to them, became increasingly "compartmented", restricted and shadowy.
Mechanisms for funding became Byzantine and obscure; programme structures were hidden with
cover stories, "store front" operations and became virtually impenetrable; and the people within
such programmes found themselves at once increasingly isolated and strangely empowered.
It was in this womb, awash with billions of dollars of so-called "black budget" funding, that
extreme (and many would maintain essential) secrecy gave birth to the monster of rogue, illegal
and powerful "unacknowledged special access projects" (USAPs) dealing with a number of
unusual phenomena and technologies. In the world of USAPs, compart-mentalisation is so great,
the need to know so restricted and the information so important, that meaningful supervision by
the constitutionally required authorities in the US, UK and other countries became simply
impossible. Here, "unacknowledged" means that nobody is ever told about the project unless he
absolutely needs to know and is directly required to be involved in operations. Even if a senior
official inquires, the answer is "no such project exists."
Moreover, the milieu of the "revolving door" world of military, intelligence and corporate
programmes created corporate and financial influences that ran counter to genuine "national
security" interests or any legitimate public interest. Especially in the United States, the multi-
billion dollar expenditures on military technologies, research and development programmes and
outsourced services and operations allowed for a comingling of public finances and private
interests. This, combined with the extreme compartmentalisation of programmes, allowed for
serious abuses of the public trust to take place.
Ultimately, such programmes — networked carefully with other programmes and corporate
research — became so restrictive that legal authorities were routinely and as a matter of course
left out of the loop. Ultimately, those left out of the loop would become members of Congress
and even the US president.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 382, "chars": 2682, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Indeed, when President Eisenhower left office, operations had become so complex and out of
control, that he was convinced he was being shut out of vital developments and operations. In the
years since, matters have decayed exponentially to the point that we estimate today some $100
billion per year go into unacknowledged programmes escaping the substantial knowledge of the
US president and US Congress.
USAP AND ADVANCED ENERGY AND PROPULSION SYSTEMS
The "crown jewels" of such USAPs are those connected to very advanced
energy and propulsion systems. In the 1940s and 1950s, a concerted effort was made to
investigate a number of phenomena related to emerging sciences, including those associated with
electromagnetism and electro-gravitic/magneto-gravitic technologies for their promising
potential in creating energy and propulsion systems valuable to urgent defence projects.
During that era, particular interest was paid to what the public call UFOs (unidentified flying
objects). It is important to note that the term UFO was only coined after covert programmes
discovered that such objects were neither unidentified nor "flew" in any conventional sense of
the word. Indeed, the majority of the information and culture associated with UFOs is
disinformation designed to deflect serious scientific, media or mainstream governmental inquiry.
People have been systematically deceived for half a century.
UFOs well-documented aerial phenomena, some of which are extra-terrestrial vehicles whereas
others are advanced covert government aircraft using energy and propulsion technologies that
could transform life on earth. It should be noted that the man-made devices are the result of
illegally classified research and development (and acquisition) of technologies as well as the
study of retrieved extraterrestrial vehicles.
Once technological breakthroughs were made, the secrecy associated with these projects became
extraordinary. Indeed, the clandestinity surrounding these advanced energy and propulsion
devices far exceeded the secrecy that shrouded the development of the hydrogen bomb.
From a November 21, 1950 (authenticated) top secret Canadian document:
I [the author] made discreet enquiries through the Canadian Embassy staff in Washington who
were able to obtain for me the following information:
a. The matter is the most highly classified subject in the United States Government, rating higher
even than the H-bomb.
b. Flying saucers exist.
c. Their modus operandi is unknown but concentrated effort is being made by a small group
headed by Dr Vannevar Bush.
d. The entire matter is considered by the United States authorities to be of tremendous
significance.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 542, "chars": 3499, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Putting aside the aura of silliness that surrounds the subject in pop culture, the media and the
tabloids, over 2000 pages of documents released to the Disclosure Project by the US, UK,
Spanish and other governments clearly establish the importance of the matter at the time. Space
here does not allow inclusion of even a sampling of these documents but they may be viewed, in
part, on our website and reviewed in the book Disclosure by this author.
Today, this subject usually elicits laughter, embarrassment and dismissal. This is certainly
understandable since at least 99 per cent of everything said, written, filmed or otherwise placed
in the public domain on the subject is outright deception. But in the corridors of power - and
especially in the corridors of covert programmes — the matter is of utmost importance. This is
because at the core of this enigma lies a body of science that eliminates in one generation the
need for oil, fossil fuels and the related pollution and establishes a truly sustainable world
civilisation exempt from poverty as we know it. The relentless ridicule associated with the UFO
subject matter is deliberate and staged: It hides a profound body of knowledge dwarfing the
changes that have transpired from the industrial revolution until today by several orders of
magnitude. In a letter to Congress, first CIA Director Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter had this to
say:
It is time for the truth to be brought out ... Behind the scenes, high-ranking Air Force officers are
soberly concerned about the UFOs. But through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are
led to believe the unknown flying objects are nonsense ... I urge immediate Congressional action
to reduce the dangers from secrecy about unidentified flying objects...
We have identified nearly 500 military, corporate, intelligence and laboratory witnesses to events
and programmes connected to these matters. The body of evidence is overwhelming and
definitive. In May 2001, we held a press conference at the National Press Club in Washington,
DC at which more than 20 such witnesses provided testimony and documents regarding their
direct, first-hand involvement in the subject. It was the most-watched webcast in history, and
ultimately over a million people viewed the event over the Internet. The event was reported by
CNN, CNN International, major networks like the BBC, the Voice of America, Pravda, the
Chinese News Agency, Telemundo, The Washington Times and other media around the world.
Tens of thousands of people wrote to the president and members of Congress asking for an
investigation of the subject and a general declassification of information.
And then September 11 happened. In view of the US Patriot Act and other developments,
including the Iraq war, the US Congress has elected not to pursue the matter. But the
international community, which is greatly harmed by the continued imposition of this secrecy, is
the primary victim and should be the prime mover in getting these matters investigated.
EXPERT WITNESSES AND TESTIMONY
Sufficient evidence, documents, physical proof and testimonies exist to
definitively make the case for the reality of the issue as well as its illegal handling. Beginning in
1992, we met with senior government officials in the US, UK, the United Nations and other
agencies and discovered a remarkable degree of interest in resolving this problem and obtaining
a general disclosure of the facts. The officials ranged from members of the US Senate

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3112, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Intelligence Committee to the first acting CIA director under President Clinton, including very
senior admirals and generals at the Pentagon and in the British General Staff. There is
widespread agreement that the subject has enormous implications for the future of humanity and
that the secrecy has become inexcusable.
What has been lacking is the will to take meaningful action on the issue. While interest and
moral support for disclosure are high, fear is even greater. Consider what some of these top
secret "whistle-blower" witnesses have said about this secrecy and the fear it engenders:
Brigadier General Stephen Lovekin: Army National Guard Reserves. As a young army officer
he worked with President Eisenhower in the last years of his presidency.
But what happened was that Eisenhower got sold out. Without him knowing it, he lost control of
what was going on with the entire UFO situation. In his last address to the nation, I think he was
telling us that the military industrial complex would stick (sic) you in the back if you were not
totally vigilant. And, I think that he felt like he had not been vigilant. I think he felt like he
trusted too many people. And Eisenhower was a trusting man. And I think that he realised that
all of a sudden this matter is going into the control of corporations that could very well act to the
detriment of this country.
This frustration, from what I can remember, went on for months. He realised that he was losing
control of the UFO subject. As far as I can remember, that was the expression that was used, "It
is not going to be in the best hands." That was a real concern. And so it has turned out to be ...
"It had been discussed with me on numerous occasions what could happen to me militarily if I
discussed this. I would say that the government has done as good a job enforcing secrecy through
the installation of abject fear as they have done with anything within the memory of modern
man."
One older officer discussed with me what possibly could happen if there was a revelation. He
was talking about being erased and I said, "Man, what do you mean erased?" And, he said, "Yes,
you will be erased — disappear." And I said, "How do you know all this?" And he said, "I
know." Those threats have been made and carried out. Those threats started way back in 1947.
The Army [and the] Air Force was given absolute control over how to handle this. This being the
biggest security situation that this country has ever dealt with and there have been some erasures
I don't care what kind of a person you are. I don't care how strong or courageous you are. It
would be a very fearful situation because from what Matt [this older officer] said, "They will go
after not only you. They will go after your family." Those were his words. And, so I can only say
that the reason that they have managed to keep it under wraps for so long is through fear. They
are very selective about how they pull someone out to make an example of. And I know that that
has been done.
Lance Corporal Jonathan Weygandt: US Marine Corps, present at a retrieval of a UFO in
South America

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 511, "chars": 2939, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"You weren't supposed to be there." "You are not supposed to see this." "You are going to be
dangerous if we let you go." I thought that they were going to kill me, really ...
Lethal, deadly force has been used. For those of you who don't know, I know marine snipers
and I have heard other guys talk about it and I've heard that these guys go on the streets and they
stalk people and they kill them. I know that the Army Airborne snipers do the same thing. They
use Delta Force to go grab these people and silence them by killing them.
Larry Warren: US Air Force, Security Officer, present during the landing of a UFO at
Bentwaters Air Force Base in the UK
We were gone over with a Geiger counter and there was one return on one of the guys, and
something was taken out of his pocket. (He had picked up an item from the retrieved craft.) This
guy was removed very quickly. And, I will swear on my life, I never saw him again. He was
removed. This happened to a lot of people. It led to a suicide that the Air Force is responsible for.
This is a real person with a real name...
Master Sergeant Dan Morris: US Air Force, NRO (National Reconnaissance Office)
Operative
I became part of a group that would investigate, gather the information, and in the beginning it
was still under the Blue Book, Snowbird and different covert programmes. I would go interview
people who claimed they had seen something and try to convince them they hadn't seen
something or that they were hallucinating. Well, if that didn't work, another team would come in
and give all the threats. And threaten them and their family and so on and so forth. And they
would be in charge of discrediting them, making them look foolish and so on and so forth. Now
if that didn't work, then there was another team that put an end to that problem, one way or
another.
Professor Robert Jacobs: US Air Force, who filmed a UFO intercepting an early ICBM test
After an article [came out about the incident] ... I started being harassed at work. I started getting
odd telephone calls that would come during the day. At night, at my house I would get telephone
calls — all night long sometimes - 3.00 in the morning, 4.00 in the morning, midnight, 10.00.
People would call and start screaming at me. "You are going down (unprintable expletive)! You
are going down! And that's all they would say." And they'd keep screaming that until I finally
hung up the phone.
One night somebody blew up my mailbox by putting a big load of skyrockets in it. The mailbox
went up in flames. And that night at 1:00 in the morning the phone rang. I picked it up and
somebody said, "skyrockets in your box at night, oh what a beautiful sight!"
And things like that have happened on and off since 1982 ...
I believe this nutty fringe around UFOs is part of a concerted effort to keep serious study of it
down. Anytime anybody tries to study this subject seriously, we are subject to ridicule. I'm a full

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 526, "chars": 2907, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
professor at a relatively major university. And I'm certain that my colleagues at the university
laugh at me and hoot and holler behind my back when they hear that I have an interest in
studying unidentified flying objects — and that's just one of the things that we have to live with
What happened to the film is an interesting story in itself as Major Mansmann related to me and
other people. Sometime after I had gone, the guys in civilian clothes — I thought it was the CIA
but he said no, it wasn't the CIA, it was somebody else — took the film and they spooled off the
part that had the UFO on it and they took a pair of scissors and cut it off. They put that on a
separate reel. They put it in their briefcase. They handed Major Mansmann back the rest of the
film and said here, "I don't need to remind you, Major, of the severity of a security breach; we'll
consider this incident closed." And they walked off with the film. Major Mansmann never saw it
Merle Shane McDow: US Navy Atlantic Command
These two gentlemen began to question me about this event. They were being pretty rough about
it, to be honest with you. I remember literally putting my hands up and saying, "Wait a minute
fellows. I am on your side. Just a minute." Because they were not really nice. They were very
intimidating and made it quite clear to the point that nothing that was seen, heard, or witnessed,
that transpired was to leave this building. You are not to say a word about it to your co-workers.
And off base, you just forget everything that you may have seen or heard concerning this. It
didn't happen...
Major George A Filer, III: US Air Force (Retd.)
At times I used to carry nuclear weapons. In other words, I was mentally fit to carry nuclear
weapons, but I'm not mentally fit if I see a UFO. This criticism and this ridicule have done more
to keep the story coming out than almost anything else.
John Callahan: FAA Head of Accidents and Investigations
... When they got done, they actually swore all these other guys in there that this never took
place. We never had this meeting. And this was never recorded ...
This was one of the guys from the CIA. Okay? That they were never there and this never
happened. At the time I said, well I don't know why you are saying this. I mean, there was
something there and if it's not the stealth bomber, then you know, it's a UFO. And if it's a UFO,
why wouldn't you want the people to know? Oh, they got all excited over that. You don't even
want to say those words. He said this is the first time they ever had 30 minutes of radar data on a
UFO. And they are all itching to get their hands onto the data and to find out what it is and what
really goes on. He says if they come out and told the American public that they ran into a UFO
out there, it would cause panic across the country. So therefore, you can't talk about it. And they
are going to take all this data...

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 547, "chars": 3304, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
... When the CIA told us that this never happened and we never had this meeting, I believe it
was because they didn't want the public to know that this was going on. Normally we would put
out some type of a news release that such and such happened ...
In short, so ruthless and unrelenting has been the secrecy associated with these issues that no
institution or leader to date has been willing to take the matter on. Indeed, after we met with CIA
Director James Woolsey in December 1993 and recommended that President Clinton take direct
executive action to end the secrecy and facilitate a disclosure, we saw first hand how great the
fear was. A friend of the president visited us after this meeting and informed us that it was felt
that the president would "end up like [President] John Kennedy if he did what we suggested." Of
course, we initially burst into laughter, until we were stopped and informed that such concerns
were real. We were stunned. Until then, we had relegated such concerns to the dustbin of
conspiracy theories. But it appears that the fear and ruthless control exercised by these projects
around the world has effectively kept the matter off the public radar screen. In our view, the
propagation of such fear as a tool for control is a genuine form of international terrorism. Its
effects are devastating: it has neutralised democratic processes and institutions, engendered
paralysing fear, hijacked the future of humanity, impoverished billions of people and decimated
the earthly environment in the span of one human lifetime. Indeed, the harmful effects of such
rogue secrecy exceed by orders of magnitude the consequences of any terrorist organisation
operating today.
Subsequent meetings with members of Congress and other high officials resulted in enormous
concern — even consternation — but no action. We repeatedly heard that many in senior
positions were concerned with such unsanctioned secrecy, but these officials would simply pass
the buck to others, saying "Why don't you meet with so and so on another committee and get
him to hold a hearing?"
Other witnesses have described these operations thus:
Dr Paul Czysz: McDonnell Douglas Career Engineer
The black budget world is like trying to describe Casper the friendly ghost. You might see a
cartoon of him but you don't know how big he is, you don't know where his funding comes
from, you don't know how many there are because of the compartmentalisation and the oath that
people have to take. I know people today that worked on one of the things that I worked on, and
if you asked them about it — even if it is being discussed on the Internet — they would say "No,
I have no idea what you're talking about." They're in their seventies now, but they still would
absolutely never admit that they even know what you're talking about. You have no idea, but it's
probably larger than you think.
John Maynard: DIA Official
Of corporations involved in this matter, Atlantic Research Corporation is one of the big ones. So
it's not very often heard about. It's an insider beltway bandit, if you want to call it that, very low
profile, mostly has all of its work done within Intelligence. TRW, Johnson Controls, Honeywell;
All of them at some point or another became involved with the intelligence field. Certain works,

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 2830, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
activities were contracted out to them. Atlantic Research was one of them — way back. These
are entities that were created out of people in the Pentagon to become a "beltway bandit" —
received projects, grants, and monies to do certain projects that were so highly classified and
compartmentalised that, you know, only about four people would know what was going on. So it
was that tightly controlled.
Edgar Mitchell: Astronaut
Whatever activity is going on, to the extent that it is a clandestine group, a quasi-government
group, a quasi-private group, it is without any type, as far as I can tell, of high-level government
oversight. And that is a great concern.
Mitchell later made a statement to the media, reported in the St Petersburg Times of February 28,
2004, "The Aliens have landed ... a few insiders know the truth and are studying the bodies... A
cabal of insiders stopped briefing presidents about extraterrestrials after President Kennedy."
Sergeant Clifford Stone: US Army
.... They immediately come out and say, "Oh, we can't keep secrets, we can't keep secrets."
Well, the truth is, yes, we can.
The National Reconnaisance Office remained secret for many, many years. The mere existence
of the NSA remained secret. The development of the atomic weapon remained secret until once
you exploded one you eventually had to tell some people what was going on.
... I had classified documents the Air Force acknowledged. When I got members of Congress
to help me open up more files, they were immediately destroyed and I can prove this.
When Congress did their review of the way we protect documents, and the way we go ahead
and implement our secrecy programmes, they found that you had special access programmes
within special access programmes — that it was essentially impossible to keep control of them
all by Congress. And, I'm telling you right now; it is essentially impossible to keep control of
them all.
When it comes to UFOs, the same criteria [sic] applies. Therefore, only a small nucleus within
the intelligence community, numbering less than a hundred — no, I'd suggest less than 50 —
control all that information. It is not subject to congressional review or oversight at all.
Dr Robert Wood: McDonnell Douglas Aerospace Engineer
As you may know, when you get cleared for one of these classified programmes you wear your
special badge and you know you can talk to anybody who's in the room with a lot of candour
and it feels like that's one's psychological group — there's a lot of camaraderie that builds up.
And you had access to special libraries. So one of the things that we could do is go up to the
library that the Air Force ran and sort of paw through top secret material. Since I was interested
in UFOs, when I had some usual business to take care of, I'd also look in their library to see what

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 583, "chars": 3504, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
they had on UFOs. And for about a year I was getting quite a few hits on the subject about
various reports. Then all of a sudden, the whole subject material vanished. The entire
classification for the subject just vanished. The librarian in our group that I was working with
said he'd been in that vault for twenty years and knew exactly how things were normally done.
He said, "This is remarkable!" He said, "I've never seen that before, you just don't have a whole
subject vanish out from under you." He said, "I think there is something there that you hit on..."
In the meantime, there was one other thing that came about as a result of my association with
Jim McDonald (a well-known UFO scientific investigator). I liked the guy; he was really an
energetic physicist and wouldn't let any grass grow under his feet. When he got a case he would
dig his teeth into it and present an overwhelmingly convincing story to professional societies. He
would talk to the American Institute of Aeronautics and the American Physical Society, and I
happened to be members of both. So whenever he was in town I would pick him up, escort him,
made sure he felt welcome.
So once when I was travelling through Tucson, where he lived, I stopped — I had a two-hour
layover to catch an airplane — and he came out to the airport to have a beer with me. I said,
"What's new, Jim?" He said, "I think I've got it." I said, "What do you think you got?" He said,
"I think I got the answer." I said, "What is it?" He said, "I can't tell you yet. I have got to be
sure." It was six weeks after that that he tried to shoot himself. A couple months after that he
finally died.
Knowing what I think I now suspect about the skills of our counter intelligence people, I think
we had the capacity to convince him to do it himself. I think that's what happened...
Clearly in order to have effective control of this subject, you have to control it at all levels and
the most obvious level is the media. So you have to look at all the kinds of media there are, the
movies, the magazines, and of course in the early days that's all it is, newspapers and movies and
magazines. Now we have the Internet and video and all those other sorts of things. But as the
technology has blossomed in these other avenues, the people worrying about this control have
also just moved into those avenues right along with them. So every time a new avenue comes up
they have a new counterpoint.
The reader should note that we have gathered nearly 500 such credentialled witnesses from every
agency and branch of the military, as well as select corporations involved in the secrecy.
The group maintaining this secrecy, at least at a policy level, numbers some 200-300 individuals
from a number of countries and represents a powerful array of interests including those
connected to financial, technological, security, religious, media, political and scientific areas. In
1993, contacts in this group stated to us that about a third of those involved were in favour of
ending the secrecy and a broad disclosure of the facts; as of today we estimate over 40 per cent
hold this opinion. Those who think that such a group could not get away indefinitely with such
secrecy are right. We have obtained sufficient actionable intelligence, sources and documents to
make the case. We have names, programme code numbers, the locations of operations and
corporate programmes and related vital intelligence. But to whom will this information be
disclosed and to what end?

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 514, "chars": 3435, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Since the secrecy related to these technologies and operations is rogue, unconstitutional and
harmful, any legitimate governmental or international body could hold a hearing at which
witnesses and evidence could be presented. Legal and national security experts associated with
the Disclosure Project have determined that, since the secrecy is unregulated and outside the
bounds of the law, the leaders of such projects have no legitimate right to enforce such secrecy.
This means those persons holding secrets are no longer constitutionally bound by any past or
current secrecy oaths. This assessment has been shared with senior governmental officials and to
date no entity or official has challenged this position.
Significantly, during the preparation and in the aftermath of the above-mentioned National Press
Club event, none of the whistle-blowers or staff of the Disclosure Project have been threatened
or silenced in any way. We have been able to make a definitive case for the evidence as also for
the illegal nature of the secrecy. Hence, no legal entity can insist on silence.
A CALL FOR REVELATION
Aside from these legal arguments, there is a compelling moral and ethical
reason to end the secrecy. First, humanity is suffering needlessly due to the continued
withholding of vital scientific and technological knowledge acquired through these programmes.
These technologies allow for the extraction of useful energy from the so-called quantum vacuum
state. This means that every village in Africa or India could have an off-the-grid energy source
that extracts energy from the space around the device, with no need for the burning of fuels or
transmission lines from central utilities. Such "free energy" generators would utterly transform
the current, seemingly hopeless world situation as regards poverty, pollution, economic
stagnation and the like.
Second, the world stands to gain from new critical technology. The implications of replacing
fossil fuels and nuclear power with these new, advanced energy and propulsion systems cannot
be overstated: every aspect of life on earth will be affected and a truly sustainable,
technologically advanced civilisation can be built. The developing world can bypass the stage of
industrial pollution and expensive centralised utilities and go directly to point-of-use power
generation. As abundance grows exponentially, educational opportunities will increase. Global
warming will cease and pollution generally will be brought under control. Desalinating sea water
will become inexpensive and help prevent desertification and resource depletion. And we will
have no more oil wars.
Third, disclosure of these secret programmes is not without its potentially negative
consequences. It may be argued that such a new technology could have destabilising military
applications. This is no doubt true — every new technology can be harnessed for war. But this
brings up an important point: are we, as a civilisation, prepared to see humanity commit
planeticide — the killing of an entire planet — just so we can avoid the responsibility of
creating a peaceful world? The state of the world will not be significantly improved by tinkering
around the edges of oil, coal, solar or wind power, and we are facing a cruel future of
environmental decay, impoverished exploding populations, global instability and war. This,
while a comprehensive solution to these problems sits in a black box.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 230, "chars": 1429, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hence, it is time for these technologies to be properly and carefully disclosed and applied. The
International Court of Justice and other international agencies must take a leadership role in
investigating and disclosing the facts, and facilitating the release of these new energy and
propulsion systems. The Disclosure Project stands ready to provide full information and
briefings to governmental leaders, institutions and agencies.
The international community must investigate these issues — and stop looking the other way.
Illegal secrecy, withholding solutions to our most pressing concerns, is one of the greatest moral
and political crises of our time, if not the greatest one. The time has come that this publicly
funded but "hijacked" research be made available for the benefit of all of humanity. That six
billion humans continue to live in a manner that cannibalises our home planet while solutions are
deliberately and with malice withheld cannot be allowed. No matter how great the financial or
other interests may be in propping up the dying oil economy, we cannot let our oil addiction drag
the entire body of humanity down with it.
Instead, with courage and care, let us disclose the truth, and allow these wondrous new sciences
to provide humanity with the means to live peacefully and in abundance on earth. This is no
utopian dream. We already have the means to create such a world. Now we must find the will.
