{"created_utc": "2026-08-12T08:10:55Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 6175194, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116993-special-presidential-briefing-for-president-barack-obama-cover-1-23-2009.pdf", "source_sha256": "cdbc1728e2e6bf5c5c609454ff1ed0cb5eaca2f5ea1adcc3a053270eb8c4f4c7"}

SPECIAL PRESIDENTIAL BRIEFING

                                                   FOR

                                PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA


                  THIS BRIEFING CONTAINS SENSITIVE INFORMATION INTENDED FOR POTUS


                                          BRIEFING DEVELOPED BY

                                           STEVEN M. GREER MD

                                                 DIRECTOR

                                         THE DISCLOSURE PROJECT

                                     WWW.DISCLOSUREPROJECT.ORG


"Few men are willing to brave the disapproval of their fellows, the censure of their colleagues, the wrath
of their society. Moral courage is a rarer commodity than bravery in battle or great intelligence. Yet it is
the one essential, vital quality for those who seek to change a world which yields most painfully to
change."

Robert F. Kennedy 1966 Speech

"No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it."

Albert Einstein
                SPECIAL PRESIDENTIAL DECISION BRIEFING
                                                 FOR


                           PRESIDENT BARRACK OBAMA

                             EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
This POTUS Decision Briefing identifies and provides background on the following critical National
Security Issues , and requests eight (8) specific recommended Presidential Actions as noted:

ISSUES:

    ➢ US Energy Security & Sustainability - current versus, sequestered technologies.

    ➢ Environmental Degradation - from current versus, available energy technologies.

    ➢ Political and Social Instability related to current energy use & Global Climate Change.

    ➢ Extra-governmental Unacknowledged Special Access Programs, currently without operational or
      fiscal oversight or control by Constitutional authority.

    ➢ Unauthorized use of classified, advanced weapons systems & potential "false-flag" operations.

    ➢ Diminished US international role and influence in certain extraterrestrial matters.

RECOMMENDED PRESIDENTIAL ACTIONS:

    ➢ Fund the study, development, & release of sequestered advanced energy technologies.

   ➢ Form a Special Section, within the National Security Council, to address international,
     macroeconomic, and inter-planetary implications of the release and disclosure of these
     technologies.

   ➢ Establish high-ranking Liaisons with Congress, the UN, & other governments to coordinate and
     release certain new energy projects.

   ➢ Appoint a Special Investigative Presidential Task Force to reassert Executive Branch control over
     certain extra-governmental Unacknowledged Special Access Programs, facilities, and assets.

   ➢ Release a specifically named individual from classified Special Access Program restrictions to
     enable his support to unclassified advanced energy systems R&D.

   ➢ Form The Council on Interplanetary Relations to coordinate a peaceful, forward-looking, and
     non-militarized to the extraterrestrial presence.
        Develop Response Plans to minimize the risks to the US Military and civilian populations from a
        potential hoaxed false-flag hostile 'alien' presence, including preparations with military,
        intelligence, and international institutions.

        Identify and stand-down covert operations that are targeting Extraterrestrial Vehicles,
        weaponizing space, and engaging in rogue disinformation projects.

Background and details of these Issues and Recommended Actions are provided in the following
briefing.

POC: Steven M. Greer, MD

      Director, The Disclosure Project


        Website: http://www.disclosureproject.org
                                            January 23, 2009


Dear President Obama,


Since the mid-1950s, classified projects connected to extraterrestrial matters have operated outside of
constitutionally required oversight and control by the President and Congress. This constitutes a grave
and ongoing threat to US national security and global security and peace.

The implications of this subject are such that no aspect of life of earth will be unaffected by its
Disclosure. We are acutely aware that this subject is highly controversial and suffers from great social
opprobrium within certain elite circles and within the mainstream media.

Indeed, secrecy on the subject has, in part, been maintained by a carefully orchestrated psychological
nexus of ridicule, fear, intimidation and disinformation that makes it difficult for any public figure to
openly address the matter.

Moreover, the 'bubble' of security and access restrictions that surround the Office of the President
makes it very difficult for POTUS to receive accurate information and advice on the subject. The
consequences of this secrecy, combined with the psychological aspects mentioned above, have ensured
that none of your predecessors have been able to effectively manage this problem. This has led to an
unacknowledged crisis that will be the greatest of your Presidency.

Because of this misguided secrecy, the wondrous new sciences related to advanced energy generation,
propulsion and transportation have been withheld from the people. These advances include the
generation of limitless clean energy from the so-called zero point energy field and quantum vacuum flux
field from the space around us, and propulsion that has been termed (incorrectly) anti-gravity. The field
of electromagnetic energy that is teeming all around us and which is embedded within the fabric of
space/time can easily run all of the energy needs of the earth — without pollution, oil, gas, coal,
centralized utilities or nuclear power.

The disclosure of these sciences and their wise application during your first term as President is the most
pressing matter before you. These sciences will create a true new energy economy allowing mankind to
solve our most pressing problems of global warming, poverty and resource depletion.

The constellation of problems that include global warming, biosphere degradation, air pollution, energy
security, Mid-East policy, a collapsing geo-economic order, growing disparity between the poor and rich
 POTUS Briefing — prepared by Steven M. Greer, MD — Director, The Disclosure Project — January 2009
                                                1
of the world, over-population and human sustainability on earth, to name but a few, are all
interconnected and directly affected by the secrecy surrounding this subject. The solutions lie not in old
thinking and technologies but in a new consciousness applying new sciences. These sciences were born
in the late 19th and 20th centuries but were abandoned and suppressed due to the lust for power, greed
and out of fear of unsettling the status quo.

It is time for a new Emancipation Declaration - one that frees all of humanity from the shackles of
economic slavery that results from secret centralized power, corruption and global economic hegemony.
The world will not find justice and peace so long as half of the world's population lives in poverty while
the other half cannibalizes the earth to maintain its standard of living. This dire situation can and must
be transformed into a world of abundance, clean and plentiful energy and genuine sustainability. On this
foundation, with these new sciences, technologies and a new consciousness, we can move forward as a
people, united and in peace. Then and only then will we be welcome amongst the other civilizations of
the cosmos.

That we are not alone in the universe is now a scientific given. That we have been visited already by
advanced civilizations - whose interests here are likely ancient - is controversial. However, in my
discussions with European, Vatican, Canadian and other leaders around the world, a growing consensus
exists that we have been visited and the time for disclosing this information is long past due. More
importantly, an appropriate diplomatic initiative is needed to communicate with these extraterrestrial
visitors within a framework of universal peace, free from the past dominance of militarism and paranoia.

Insofar as upwards of 80% of the American people think that 'UFOs' are real, and that some aspect of
the government is lying to them about it, continued secrecy redounds only to the benefit of the precious
few who profit from such secrecy. This secrecy undermines the credibility of the US and other
governments, and allows the cancer of unchecked covert power - forewarned by President Eisenhower
in his last address to the nation - to metastasize throughout the world. It now threatens the very life of
Earth.

Moreover, there exists a secret, 'unacknowledged' operation that has used very advanced
electromagnetic weapon systems to track, target, and on occasion, but with increasing accuracy, down
extraterrestrial vehicles. This reckless behavior constitutes an existential threat to all of mankind and
must be reined in immediately.

The so-called MJ-12 or Majestic group that controls this subject operates without the consent of the
people, or the oversight of the President and Congress. It functions as a transnational government unto
itself, answerable to no one. All checks and balances have been obliterated. While as a governing entity
it stands outside of the rule of law, its influence reaches into many governments, corporations, agencies,
media and financial interests. Its corrupting influence is profound and, indeed, it has operated as a very
powerful and embedded global RICO whose power to date remains unchecked.


 POTUS Briefing — prepared by Steven M. Greer, MD — Director, The Disclosure Project — January 2009
                                                2
Upwards of $100 billion of USG funds go annually into this operation, also known as the 'black budget'
of the United States - enough to provide universal health care to every man, woman and child in
America.

When I first briefed Director of Central Intelligence James Woolsey on this matter in December of 1993,
only a third of this governing group was in favor of what we were recommending: Disclosure of the fact
that we are not alone in the universe and the careful release of advanced energy generation systems
that would replace oil, gas, coal and nuclear power. Sources now inform me that upwards of two-thirds
of this group now support such an initiative.

Interests in Europe, the Vatican and Asia, especially France and China, are urging Disclosure. If the
United States does not move forward, these other interests will, and America will be left behind and
become increasingly irrelevant in the world. This cannot be allowed to happen.

The European and Asian arenas will move with or without US involvement at some point in the very
near future, as well they should. Six decades of secrecy is enough.

We have been approached by the French government and their Ministry of Defense (see attached
documents) to initiate with them a long-term effort aimed at peaceful and open contact with these
extraterrestrial civilizations. That we have not proceeded with this project is due, in part, to the
penchant the previous administration had for secrecy and unilateralism. It is time for change and we
need your active support and leadership.

We are also morally obliged to warn you of an existing highly secretive plan to use advanced
technologies to hoax an 'alien attack' on earth. There exists within the direct control of this Majestic
group assets capable of launching such a false flag operation and virtually every person on earth, as well
as most leaders, would be deceived by it. Components of this operation have been tested on the public
over the past 50 years and include, but are not limited to:

            Alien Reproduction Vehicles (ARVs) - these are advanced anti-gravity aircraft that have been
            fully operational since at least the late 1950s to early 1960s. Many so-called UFO reports by
            civilians and military personnel are of such ARVs. They constitute an unacknowledged or
            'black' Air Force and these ARVs are capable of extraordinary speed, maneuverability and
            lift/hover. By 2009, these technologies had gone through many generations of refinement
            and, if deployed, could easily hoax or simulate an Extraterrestrial Vehicle (ETV). (Note that a
            UFO is a nonspecific term and could be either an ARV or an ETV.)
            Programmed Life Forms (PLFs) - these are well-crafted alien-appearing creatures that, while
            completely manmade, often deceive unknowing people as 'aliens'. The stagecraft, genetics
            and other sciences associated with these creatures are beyond the scope of this brief, but
            are very well developed. I have personally been briefed by multiple independent
            corroborating sources regarding the development and deployment of PLFs. These
            creatures, used in conjunction with ARVs, have convincingly launched the pop culture fervor
            over 'alien abductions'. Victims of such paramilitary human-controlled abductions genuinely

 POTUS Briefing — prepared by Steven M. Greer, MD — Director, The Disclosure Project — January 2009
                                                3
            believe that they have been abducted by 'aliens' and often have physical stigmata and
            'implants' to prove it. These implants are also manmade and we have information about the
            laboratory and corporation making these items. (See attached documents)
            Chemical, optical and electromagnetic systems to assist with creating an alteration in
            awareness are components of the 'stagecraft' used to hoax an 'alien' event.

The vast majority of information in the public domain on the UFO subject is, therefore, carefully
orchestrated disinformation designed to prepare the populace, as well as our leaders, for a non-existent
'alien threat'. The psychological warfare implications of this were described in the 1950s in CIA
documents and are further elucidated by other documents and testimony. No less a figure than Werner
Von Braun warned of this cosmic deception.

The objective of such a false flag operation is the creation of an enemy in space that would unite the
world behind a global military power against such an 'alien threat'. President Reagan and other leaders
have been targeted with such disinformation, which is designed to secure their silence or cooperation
with the agenda of secrecy and space weaponization. The President needs to be careful to avoid being
similarly deceived.

After very careful review of all data and documents and after interviewing hundreds of top secret
witnesses, we have concluded that the actual extraterrestrial presence is distinctly non-hostile. In light
of the reckless and aggressive nature of many of our covert military actions and the extraordinarily
advanced technologies that permit interstellar travel by these extraterrestrial civilizations, if they were
hostile, human civilization would have been dealt with decisively at the dawn of the nuclear era.

 These visitors, however, appear to be very concerned with unchecked human hostility, war-making and
weapons of mass destruction, combined with our early potential for space travel. The tendency for
people to engage in anthropocentric projection leads many to assume a threat where none exists. It is
more likely that humanity may be seen as a threat to the cosmic order, insofar as we have failed to
restrain the expansion of weapons of mass destruction while attempting to push farther and farther into
space. Moreover, we have failed to initiate an enlightened and peaceful diplomatic mission to these
extraterrestrial visitors. This needs to change immediately.

Disclosure of this subject must be very carefully planned and positioned as a hopeful and elevating
moment in human history. A poorly positioned Disclosure that demonizes these visitors or frightens the
public may prove more harmful than secrecy.

As you may know, my uncle was the senior project engineer who worked on the Lunar Module that took
Neil Armstrong to the moon. The reason we were not welcome in space then is because the passport to
traverse the universe is a stable peaceful world civilization that will go into space united and in peace.

In this regard, world peace and universal peace are two sides of the same coin. Once we vow to live
peacefully on earth and go into space only in peace, we will be welcome with open arms. Until then, a
type of cosmic quarantine exists - rightly - around the earth.


 POTUS Briefing — prepared by Steven M. Greer, MD — Director, The Disclosure Project — January 2009
                                                4
Unfortunately, the media and movie industry are highly penetrated by interests loyal to the Majestic
group, which has used the media to, in turns, ridicule the subject and present terrifying images of 'alien
invasion'. In short, the populace is almost thoroughly brainwashed on the matter, and this presents a
further hurdle that must be carefully taken into account when planning Disclosure.

Nevertheless, the status quo can no longer hold and fundamental change is urgently needed. To this
end, we urge the President to undertake a number of initiatives as soon as possible. We recommend
that the President:

        .- Appoint a Special Presidential Task Force to investigate this matter, identify covert facilities
           and assets (see attached summary) and reassert Executive control over these projects;
           Identify and immediately stand-down operations that are covertly targeting Extraterrestrial
            Vehicles, weaponizing space and engaging in rogue disinformation projects;
            Develop response plans to minimize the risks related to potential false flag operations that
            intend to hoax a hostile 'alien' presence, including preparations with military, intelligence
           and international institutions;
           Form The Council on Interplanetary Relations to coordinate a peaceful, forward looking and
           non-militarized response to the extraterrestrial presence. The Center for the Study of
           Extraterrestrial Intelligence (see                g) has an 18 year ongoing project to establish
           such contact and can assist with this process. CSETI, working with other governments and
           world figures, will form such a Council if the US government decides not to do so within the
           next 12 months;
           Immediately fund the study, development and careful release of those new energy
           technologies that can quickly replace fossil fuels and nuclear power. (See
                                      g and                         ) Note that these technologies, since
           they acquire energy from the zero point energy field of space/time, will allow for the
           retirement of the electric energy grid. We are in possession of documents and information
           regarding key facilities and assets connected to these technologies (see attached
           documents). We recommend that the propulsion and transportation aspects of these
           technologies (electro-magneto-gravitic systems) be released at a later time when the world
           security situation has improved;
           Establish high-ranking liaisons with Congress, the UN and other governments to coordinate
           these projects and the release of the new energy technologies;
           The National Security Council needs to form a section specifically addressing the
           international, inter-planetary and macroeconomic implications of this disclosure and
           urgently prepare for the release of these technologies;
        .- AERO (                         ) has identified a key physicist and engineer to assist with the
           development of these new energy technologies. He has agreed to work with us but is being
           prevented by a compartmented operation (TS SCI) to which he is assigned. While his five
           intelligence 'shepherds' have supported his desire to assist us in this important work, he is
           being blocked by others. We request an action by the Office of the President to specifically
           permit him to work with us with the full support and protection of the President. His name

 POTUS Briefing — prepared by Steven M. Greer, MD — Director, The Disclosure Project — January 2009
                                                5
            is                      and his resume is attached. We cannot over-emphasize how important
            it is that this person be assigned to this critical task: In less than 1 year, we would have new
            energy generators developed to run America free from oil, gas, coal or nuclear power.

President Obama, we stand ready to assist you and your Administration with these and other tasks and
pledge to you our full support. I will personally fulfill any request from your office with the utmost
integrity, discretion and confidentiality.

Please be assured of my heartfelt prayers on your behalf for your guidance, protection and success as
you begin your historic role as President of the United States.


Respectfully,


Steven M. Greer MD

Director

The Disclosure Project


 POTUS Briefing — prepared by Steven M. Greer, MD — Director, The Disclosure Project — January 2009
                                                6
