{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T04:10:35Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 291734, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116967-the-foundations-of-interplanetary-unity.pdf", "source_sha256": "8007e3eeeecc5780ba111d518d5c90815a3bcfcb5789023b2e54b3e1e4a26853"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 2162, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Föundations of Interplanetary Unity
The evidence that earth is being visited by at least one extraterrestrial civilization is
extensive both in scope and detail. In its totality, it comprises a body of evidence
which at the very least supports the general assessment that extraterrestrial life has
been detected, and that a vigorous program of research and serious diplomatic
initiatives is warranted.
Consider the following overview of facts:
• There are numerous daytime and nighttime photographs and videotapes of
clearly non-human spacecraft from all over the world; these films and
videotapes have been evaluated and deemed authentic by competent experts
in optical physics and related fields.
• There are over 3500 military and commercial aircraft pilot reports of encounters
worldwide; many cases have corroborating radar documentation and multiple
witnesses both on the ground and in the air.
• There are over 4000 landing trace cases from around the world.
• There are hundreds of electromagnetic cases where spacecraft have been
observed by police, military personnel and civilians to affect car engines, radios
and other electric devices.
• There are over 100 first- and second-hand witnesses to the retrieval of an
extraterrestrial spacecraft and at least four extraterrestrial bodies from a crash
which occurred in July, 1947, 75 miles northwest of Roswell New Mexico;
written and videotaped testimony from several first-hand witnesses who are
respected military officers have been obtained.
• There are hundreds of credible reports, many with multiple witnesses, of
humanoids in association with landed spacecraft.
• There are several multiple-witnessed events where humans have been taken
on board spacecraft.
• CSETI (The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence) has in the past
18 months succeeded in intentionally establishing contact with extraterrestrial
spacecraft, on two occasions at very close range, and with multiple witnesses
present.
• Various polls have indicated that approximately 10% of Americans (25 million
people) have seen them at close range so that details of the structure of the
object can be discerned.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 492, "chars": 3146, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Numerous U.S. Government documents exist which indicate that these
objects are real and have been involved with observing earth for several
• decades.
It is an understatement to say that the time has arrived for a serious and open
international dialogue regarding the possibility of future interplanetary relations.
In no
other area of human experience has so much evidence existed for so long, and yet
been attended by such a paucity of serious research and analysis - at least in the
civilian domain. I was once asked at a conference what was the most astounding
aspect of this subject, and I replied that, while the subject matter itself is extraordinary,
it is the absence of a serious human response to it that is most extraordinary.
Indeed, the true barriers to the furtherance of this field of study are neither scientific
nor evidential, rather they are political, psychological, social, spiritual, and
"paradigmatic". Admittedly, it takes real courage for a person, otherwise respected in
his or her profession and community, to stand up and speak the truth about a subject
which has been the stuff of sensational tabloid claims, crackpots, and the "cottage
Industry" in the UFO subculture. The social stigma and aprobrium associated with this
subject is a formidable barrier to the serious treatment it deserves, and yet if only a
10% probability exists that we have detected extraterrestrial life which is already
visiting earth--this being one of the most profound discoveries in human history--we
must find the inner fortitude to go forward.
To the sincere person who remains skeptical, consider this: Absolute proof is not
needed before serious research begins on a subject. In no other field of human
endeavor is proof required before serious study and research begins; on the contrary,
proof is the result of this research. In this regard, the subject of extraterrestrial studies
is being held to an irrational requirement of proof before serious research can begin,
on the one hand, and denounced as an area of spurious interest because no proof
exists, on the other!
This, then, is not a function of scientific reason or evidence, but is the result of a
political, social and psychological reaction to a subject which causes most serious
scientists to blush. Our collective temerity is driven in part by fear of the unknown, in
part by fear of ridicule, and in part by faint-heartedness. The evidence, however, is so
profound, the implications so vast, and the consequences of doing nothing so dire that
we have reached the point where we must find the fortitude to respond to this subject
in a mature and responsible way.
To any impartial observer, the evidence which exists certainly supports a greater than
10% probability that we are being visited by advanced extraterrestrial civilizations.
Indeed, to most people who have seen the data in its entirety, the probability is in
excess of 90%. Having spoken to several government officials who have held Top
Secret clearances on this subject, and who have confirmed to me that the U.S.
Government has in its possession several objects and bodies of extraterrestrial origin,

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 415, "chars": 2716, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
my own personal assessment approaches certainty. Beyond this, I have personally
been present when these spacecraft have approached the CSETI research teams
within a few hundred feet, and have then signaled repeatedly to us. Frankly, there is
very little doubt in my mind that we are dealing with at least one extraterrestrial
civilization, and that they are non-hostile.
However, for argument sake, let us state that all of the evidence available to us in the
civilian domain constitutes only a 10% probability of contact with extraterrestrial
intelligence. Does this not constitute adequate evidence to initiate a serious scientific
and diplomatic mission? Certainly in medicine a 10% probability of finding a cure for
cancer would warrant an all out effort in the cancer research community. For it is
generally true that when the stakes are very high, the probability of success need not
be, prior to initiating a research project. Without question, the stakes are so high in
this area that even a 10% probability is adequate to mount one of the most extensive
worldwide research initiatives in history.
This question, however, is not limited to the realm of science alone, for as soon as
one makes the assessment, however tentative, that we are being visited by advanced
extraterrestrial life forms, the larger question of interplanetary (and inter-species)
relations becomes preeminent. This is, then, the ultimate diplomatic challenge. And
to find our common ground with intelligent life forms which are not even human may
prove to be the most extraordinary task humanity has ever faced.
For witness how difficult it has been for humanity to come together in peace among
the diverse peoples of the world. Notwithstanding the fact that we are all human,
living on the one homeland called earth, yet wars, prejudices and enmity have
repeatedly submerged the world into chaos and destruction. As the world moves, in
fits and starts, towards a true world civilization, and the people of the world
increasingly realize their essential unity as humans, the potential for increasingly open
contact between humans and other intelligent life-forms is likely to increase
exponentially.
However, before we can entertain this concept, we must first ask ourselves some
basic questions:
• What global developments must occur before full open contact can take
place?
• How will communication occur, and what should be communicated?
• Prior to full, open contact, what form of contact and communication is
possible, in a pioneering or preliminary framework?
• And most importantly, what are the fundamental points of unity between
humans and other intelligent life forms in the universe? What is our
universal common ground?

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 2989, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Regarding this last question, we cannot assume that extraterrestrial life forms who are
thinking, sentient beings, and who by definition have evolved under conditions different
from those on earth, are Ikely to be much like humans, at least superficially. Their
level of intelligence, fund if knowledge, emotional nature, social and political
structures, ethical, moral and religious systems-and more--are likely to be quite
different from that of humans. We must therefore find a deeper point of unity, what I
call our highest common denominator.
This consideration, however abstract it may seem to some, is really central to
establishing a sense of common ground between intelligent species. And without
common ground, we can have no relationship.
I hold that this common ground is so obvious, and yet hidden, so near, and yet so
overlooked, that it is easily missed altogether. It is at once simple and profound,
proximal and yet hard to grasp. It is really the universal constant found in every
intelligent life form: It is conscious intelligence.
Pure "awakeness" or conscious intelligence is what every conscious, sentient being in
the universe is, in its essential nature. The universal - or non-anthropocentric - aspect
of human consciousness is that highest common denominator on which a sustainable
relationship between diverse life forms can be based. As humans, we are conscious,
awake; other higher life forms are conscious and awake. We may share very little
else in common, but this universal constant is shared, by definition, by all intelligent,
conscious beings, whether human or extraterrestrial.
Consciousness, or universal conscious intelligence, then is the first cornerstone of the
foundation of interplanetary unity.
Having realized the essential oneness which all intelligent higher life forms share, we
are then faced with the practical chailenge of formulating an approach to interplanetary
and inter-species relations which is peaceful, sustainable and mutually beneficial.
Here are a few of the principles which appear to be essential to the successful,
sustained engagement of extraterrestrial civilizations:
• Any successful approach will incorporate a global perspective, and not one
driven by nationalistic or strictly national security imperatives. The motive
behind any attempt at contact and communication should clearly be globally
based, and any benefits resulting from contact must benefit all the peoples
of the world, and not just one nation or culture. The evolution of the world
into a true global civilization will certainly facilitate this type of relationshi?.
This entire matter, then, should be the focus of the interational con..nu..%.
One of the hallmarks of the maturation of the human race is the attainment
of a true worid civilization and the establishing of a just and representative
world goverment, which should be empowered to respond to the challenge
of interplanetary relations. Until such a body is effectively functioning, any

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2745, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
group attempting such contact should be operating within this global
perspective.
• The motivation of such contact and relations should be based in the
principle of mutual benefit, and be free of exploitative motives and unilateral
acquisition-oriented goals. Until a permanent world peace and order can be
achieved on earth, the acquisition of extraterrestrial technology, which most
likely would be used for unilateral military application, should be avoided.
• While the precise motives for current extraterrestrial involvement with this
planet may not be fully known, there is no evidence that they are motivated
• by any net hostile intentions. Until proven otherwise, therefore, it should be
assumed that any such visitors are non-hostile and approachable. It is
critical that humans avoid making anthropocentric assumptions regarding
extraterrestrial motives, since it is likely that their ethical, moral, social and
political concepts vary from those of many earth-based cultures.
Recognizing the human tendency towards xenophobia, prejudice and fear of
the unknown, we must evaluate extraterrestrial motives cautiously, and, to
the extent possible, from an interplanetary perspective.
• The attainment of a healthy and appropriate collective self-esteem for
humans is essential for an appropriate relationship to evolve between
humans and any other extraterrestrial species. Individuals and
organizations involved with interplanetary contact should avoid the common
tendency to swing between viewing advanced technological beings as
• intrinsically superior or inferior. It is more sustainable to view such
variations as simply differences which are the product of diverse
evolutionary paths, and that on the level of conscious intelligence, all
sentient beings are essentially equal. Here, equality does not require
sameness.
• It should be realized that until the world achieves the level of maturity
described above, that any direct contact and relationship which develops
may be limited, preliminary, and by nature pioneering. Given recent SETI
successes in this regard, we can make the initial assessment that such
contact is likely, and will progress as the world becomes increasingly a
genuine global civilization.
• The knowledge of any contact and evolving relationship should be shared
with all the peoples of the world to the fullest extent possible, and in a timely
fashion. Secret or covert contact should be viewed as intrinsically
dysfunctional and should be avoided to the fullest extent possible.
• A multi-disciplinary and multi-cultural approach to any contact, relationship,
or exchange should be used. Communication itself may proceed verbally,
electronically, "symbolically/archetypically" or even telepathically.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 236, "chars": 1421, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• A very broad view must be maintained in evaluating the manifestations of an
advanced extraterrestrial civilization, since their technological development
• may be thousands to hundreds of thousands -- and conceivably millions - of
years more advanced than earth's. The manifestations of such an advanced
technology may appear magical to humans, even as a hologram, TV, or
laser would appear magical to people of the 17th century. The tendency to
pronounce such manifestations as "supernatural" or magical should be
avoided.
Are we alone in the universe, and have other intelligent life forms found their way to
our small part of the galaxy? The best available evidence suggest that, no, we are not
alone, and yes, they have already found us. The real question at this point may be
"what are we going to do about it?" We must come together to search for answers to
this and even more difficult questions, for nothing less than the future of planet earth
may hang in the balance. If we are wrong, and all of the existing evidence points to
some other phenomenon, then the attempt to contact whatever that phenomenon is
may prove extremely enlightening. But if we are correct in our assessment, and we
are being visited by advanced extraterrestrial civilizations, then the risks of doing
nothing are immense, and the benefits of acting wisely will change the world as we
know it.
In either case, the time has come to act.
