{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T22:16:45Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 110356, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116923-excerpts-from-milabs-by-helmut-lammer-1999.pdf", "source_sha256": "8a60a0430a9767c08e5016237976ee0b211657adffe86f4e01647ced28f0ab33"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2590, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Excerpts from "MILABS - Military Mind Control and Alien
Abductions"
Helmut Lammer - 1999 - a scientist with the Austrian Space Research Institute at the
time the book was written.
(MILABS - stands for Military Abductions)
"Alien Abductions are a very strange and complex phenomenon. For skeptics, most
journalists, and the public it is hard to believe that abductions by non-human beings have
their basis in physical reality. Reports of alien beings entering bedrooms through walls
and levitating abductees through closed windows into a waiting UFO are hard for the
open-minded researcher to believe, too.
Henome, i espected pese as ano shops at theial pete of the air, aldeitions
or mass delusions.
Recently some alien abductees have said that they have been kidnapped by
military/intelligence personnel and taken to hospitals and /or military
ground/underground research facilities. Not many of the popular books on the subject of
alien abductions mention these experiences. Especially disconcerting are the facts that
abductees recalled seeing military intelligence personnel together with alien beings
working side by side in these secret research facilities. The presence of human military
and/or civilian personnel inhabiting the same physical reality as the alien beings exceeds
the mindsets of the skeptics and the open-minded researchers by several orders of
magnitude.
฿.. *
If one reviews hypnosis transcripts of MILAB abductees and compares their recovered
memories with the experiences of survivors of now known declassified government
sponsored mind or behavior control experiments, one will find a strong indication that
covert "human" military personnel are involved in the alien abduction phenomenon.
Many researchers ignore or don't understand MILAB experiences because they are not
familiar with competently investigated MILAB cases.
We believe that alien abduction cases where the abductee reports that he or she was
abducted by the military (or humans) are very important for two reasons:
1. If the UFO community has evidence that a covert military intelligence task
force is involved in the alien abduction phenomenon, the public would then
know that alien abduction experiences represent a matter of national security.
2. The alleged military involvement in the abduction phenomenon could be
evidence that black-ops units use abductees for mind-control and behavior-
control experiments, as test-targets for microwave or mind-altering weapons,
or that they monitor and kidnap abductees for information gathering purposes
during an alleged alien abduction experience.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2537, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Recently, the White House released some letters and documents concerning the
"Rockefeller UFO Initiative" to researcher Rick Coimbra via the Freedom of Information
Act (FOIA). In one letter Dr. C.B. Scott Jones mentioned that there are reasons to
believe that some government group has interwoven research about mind-control
technology with alleged UFO phenomena.......
We believe that Dr. Scott Jones note and the evidence which comes from alien abductees
who claim that they were also being kidnapped by military intelligence personnel will
lead the open-minded researcher to three important questions.
1) Is it possible that secret human experiments or covert operations are occurring in
Western democracies?
2) What is the human agenda which seems to be involved in the alien abduction
phenomenon, and what is the purpose of MILABs: military abductions of alleged
alien abductees?
3) Is there a military interest in developing brain-implants, virtual-reality implants,
holographic image projection, cloaking devices, mind-altering weapons and
genetic research?
An interest in these technologies would support the hypothesis that such secret
experiments could occur on humans and that these experiments are being hidden from the
U.S. Congress and the public by placing the funding inside secret or "black
projects"
We believe that MILAB abductions may be the indication that a covert military
intelligence task force operates at least in the U.S. and Canada and is involved in
monitoring and kidnapping of alleged alien abductees. In the early 1980s, a lot of money,
both legal and black budget, became available for top secret military projects like the
Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI). This task force and related projects may be financed
by a portion of this money. It seems to us that they are interested in well investigated
alien abductions cases.
.**.
Another reason for military interest in abductees could be the so-called PSI-factor.
Most alien abductees claim that they communicated via telepathy and that they have
enhanced PSI capabilities after their encounters with alleged aliens.....
Other paranormal phenomena like psychokinesis, precognition, controlled out of body,
remote viewing and the study of ELF waves for large scale behavior modification on
humans were also mentioned. In November 1996, the CIA and DIA made public their 24
years of covert support for PSI programs on "remote-viewing". Since those projects were
funded with about twenty million dollars, there is reason to believe that there were other

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 50, "chars": 329, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
programs concerned with parapsychology not yet disclosed. Some believe that work in
these areas continues despite the Government agencies' public denial.
If a branch of the U.S. military shows an interest in the development of PSI related
weapons, one can speculate that they may have an interest in alleged alien abductees too.
