{"created_utc": "2026-08-11T04:17:47Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5568660, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116996-project-starlight-book-chapter-12-pgs-601a-637.pdf", "source_sha256": "cdaa58fe7899152778e681ba417609e02c654c88861b1d5a0b8d80336ac3cdd7"}

MILITARY AND NATIONAL SECURITY IMPLICATIONS

Implications to the military and industrial complex of the world being

informed of extra-terrestrial life forms visiting here are significant and far-

reaching. Assuming that the disclosure would be done wisely and not in a

fashion to precipitate inter-planetary conflict, a likely result of such a

disclosure, which has been mentioned earlier, is the evolution over a period

of a few years of a genuine global civilization with the institutions and the

infra-structure to begin to deal with the need to communicate with extra-

terrestrial civilizations.
                                                                         602

Because of this, the likelihood of nationalistic conflict would be greatly

reduced and with it the need for a very large military infra-structur    fhi~s

may not be good news for people who are particularly attached to, larg

military force.   It should follow that as the world evolves into a global

peaceful civilization and is beginning to enter into a period of dialogue with

extra-terrestrial life forms also within a paradigm of diplomacy, mutual

interest, and long-term relationship, that the concept of nationalism itself

would begin to disappear and with it the need for nationalistic military

forces.


This, however, presents a few problems.          First of all, the nature of

institutions, particularly large and entrenched institutions, to do everything

to insure its self preservation. In the question of the military, one simply

cannot consider that issue without also considering the vast industrial

complex which supports and is supported by the military. For example, the

largest consumer of oil in the world is the United States military.         A

significant segment of the civilian population is employed in defense-related

jobs, supplies, sub-contractors, and direct employment by the military as

either armed forces or as civilian employees of the military, both here and

abroad.


The reduction in the need for a military force as the world evolves from the
                                                                          603

current nation-state chaos to a functional global civilization means that there

would be displacement in that area, not only in the military per se, but

within the infra-structure complex that supports the military. The re-thinking

of national security and national military forces is going to be one of the

very early consequences of a public discussion and disclosure on the

existence of extra-terrestrial life forms. Again, assuming that we can avert

a militaristic response to these extra-terrestrial life forms, which of course

would only augment military spending and power, there would be an

obvious desire to begin to look at national and military interests in a global

context and also in a context of what is realistically needed to maintain a

degree of security and the minimum forces needed to defend one's legal

and internationally-recognized borders.


This degree of disarmament would be significant and would have-significa

ramifications. One of the CSETI consultants in this area is the founder and

director of a national security think-tank. Af    h ve already begun to
work through what these implications would be for the military.           This

individual is actively consulting with the military and does training for

generals and others in the military on what the world will be like in the next

20 or 30 years. Now, interestingly, the reason that this person became

involved in our project was because he heard a lecture which I gave a

couple of years ago and, as was shared earlier, this completely changed his
                                                                          604

whole view of the world.               ad already been working extensively in
                              n
this national security think-tank on consulting with the government and other

agencies on looking at what kind of changes would need to be made up
                      A,          h
into the year 2012 anc to that end wrote a book, named essentially, THE

ROAD TO 2012. This gentleman's name is John Peterson; he's president

of the Arlington Institute.


$4.ov►.-the interesting thing-that-happene&wa         s soon as this individual
                                  As
became awarei (wJ~ich he had not         ee~riot,_otwithstanding iUpng

             nections
military. con J           ?bi&-service on-Ronald Reagan's       QnaLSecurity

-eouncilythat there were extra-terrestrial civilizations already here and

interacting with this planet, it was back to the drawing board on anticipating

all the things that he had been thinking through in terms of the

transformation that would be taking place within the military and the national

security structure. Because the introduction of other planetary civilizations

into the open public awareness of the masses of people, but also the policy

makeroliticians an&what-have-you, changes the dynamic totally and, as

previously mentioned, will eventually lead into a total re-thinking of our

global consciousness. It will heighten our global consciousness like nothing

else has ever done and with that will reduce nationalistic tendencies and,

therefore, national military and military security interests.
                                                                          605

                     of              ,   ',tfiis major factor being put- into     -

considerations of military and national security, both here and in other

countries, is significant. Unfortunately, as was alluded to a-moment ago,

the national security apparatus and the military industrial complex does ,ik

jattemp o preserve itself and to justify its sizejend i's scope and-Ws

fundin~and _i# resources.       And-             type of transformation, while

certainly redounding to the benefit of the entire human race, will not be

quite so enthusiastically embraced by certain segments of the population

who have vested interests in the military and the infra-structure which

supports the military.


This dynamic tension is potentially dangerous, iISoar as the interests that

are threatened could become desperate. It is hoped, however, that an

open dialogue in the world would contain that 'and would allow for the
                                            _r


reduction of national military forces artd world military and industrial

complex so that those resources could go into much needed human

resource              Ainto an effort to develop both the consciousness and

education and the technologie to be competent to enter the inter-planetary

society, the group of other planetary civilizations which obviously are

sending emissaries to this planet.


Ultimately the re-thinking of national security and the re-thinking of the role
                                                                            606

of the military can go from one of a very large force, assuming worse-case

scenarios such as mutually-assured destruction and large-scale global wars,

to one of facilitating communication, security, and protecting the interests

of the planet as it attempts to establish relations with other planetary

systems. What I mean t          tiis is that t ifa     still going to be security

needs and certain assurances that the world community will require against

rogue factions, perhaps small rogue nations, terrorists cells, and what-hay

-~c6 tb t- could try to jeopardize the embryonic, evolving relationship

between human civilization and extra-terrestrial civilizations. And so the re-

thinking behind, the re-thinking of the military and of security forces will go

on several levels. One will be obvious reduction in the need of these forces

in the light of the genesis of a true global civilizatio            o the extent

that such forces remain, their energies will be turned increasingly towards

providing safety and security as opposed to aggressive military role to__—

ensur' the safe evolution and passage of diplomats, research teams, acrd

what-have-~efi between Earth civilization and these other civilizations. This

I loosely call 'the enlightened military role' or security role.      Bec-au    --- —

ha~aans                          , Ahere will always be a certain need for

security and       safety; but it will be turned away from preparation for

massive war and towards attempting-to-have the minimum forces needed

to secure valid national borders and protection and, more importantly,

toward~'certain roles at facilitating the safety and security of the evolving
                                                                           607

inter-planetary relationship, which will be delicate and could be threatened

by eeft2lt1i1nterests and forces that are rogue by nature.


For example, the covert operations currently dealing with the extra-terrestrial

issue could be unhelpful in the early stages of a disclosure and of efforts

by the world community to communicate with these extra-terrestrial life

forms. The valid rn14itac 'the legal military, which has really no connection

to this covert group dealing with extra-terrestrial intelligence at this time

could be put into a useful role in facilitating both reconnaissance missions,

communications, and security around valid attempts at contact.


I'll give you one example: It has been remotely viewed that in the relatively

near future a daylight landing of a metallic disk will occur in an area of the

United States.                  event will be facilitated by and protected by --

legal military interests, forces, and they will artu9lly play a positive support

role in this event. 4    aht t s a very simpl

               ves an idea of the kind of positive role that could be played

by certain military forces. We should also remember that national security,

intelligence satellites, the deep-space network, the US Space Command,

certain NASA assets, and so on would be very useful in allowing the

international community to monitor the movements ofand to some extent

communicate with in a friendly and peaceful way these extra-terrestrial
                                                                          608

spacecraft so that a more open diplomatic channel could be created.


Those assets re substa         ,eta we know from conversations with people

who have been into appropriate sections of NORAD and Cheyenne
        r
Mountain and other secure areas that they i outinely able to track these
        1
extra-terrestrial spacecraft and to engage in telemetry of them. And so,

those resources current That ar -being tied up in covert, secret efforts

could be made open and would be extremely useful to, say, a CE-5 RMIT

expedition. This is sort of a cosmic turning of swords into plowshares.


We will not get into the discussion of the Earth-based benefits of some of

these thins' But speaking strictly speaking on the emerging relationship

between extra-terrestrial civilizations and the Earth, we can see where

some of this intelligence and military infra-structure could be turned around

virtually 180° and in an open way can begin to greatly assist the civilian

international inter-planetary diplomatic corps (if we can allow that term to be

used) to fulfill its mission more easily. There are precedents for this, even.

While in Belgium in 1992 we learned that the Belgian military, the air force,

was openly cooperating with a civilian UFO research team to monitor these

very large triangular ET craft going so far as to allow us to use very

expensive magnifying night-scopes, llowin~t another tim jthe civilian

team to go up f -a military plane with on-board radar capabilities to search
                                                                              609

  for these UFOs, etc., in a completely civilian and peaceful effort.


  This enlightened role of the military is urgently needed and is welcome.

   nd         ie can see a time when these types of capacities can be used to

,1a--g                    r   would result in a transformation, not only in the

  mindsets surrounding the military as it evolves into this role, but also in how

  the public might view such technologies in the military in a positive way;          --

  the extent that that would be needed.                                           - -1


          i
         to national security pp
                             apparatus is related to the military but is not to be

  totally equated with it. National security, of course, deals with providing for

  a secure national border and national interests. The concept of national

  security is already changing to one of large alliances spanning the globe

  and eventually will involve the concept of world security. Because the world

  is shrinking, not only from the point of view of technological innovations in

  the way of communications, fibre optics, computer system           nd travel, but
                                                                 y
  also economically and, very importantly, environmentally and ecologically.

  Adttiese forces are well under way.           And so the concept of narrow

  national interests are quickly giving way to a concept of what is good for the
                                          n )~
  world is good for the nation.       Rid— 6'this transformation will only be
                          t
  heightened, and the trend{ward looking at national interests in a certain

  amount of enlightened self interest fb& is normal for a nation, but in a
                                                                         610

larger additional role of what is good for planetary evolution.           ond

that, the big leap is what is good for inter-planetary relations.      Entire

transformations will need to occur within the National Security Council, the

State Department, the intelligence systems, and other parts of the United

States5`a   corollary institutionsrand other nations to accommodate not only

the increasing of global community as we look at ourselves from space

through the eyes of our extra-terrestrial visitors, but also as we contemplate

the needs of our planet as it makes its transition to increasing open

diplomatic relations between Earth and these extra-terrestrial life forms.


It is fair to say that these forces and the awareness that goes with them are

so far reaching that the concept of military and the c               national

security will be totally revolutionized.   It is not too soon for thinkers,

strategists, think-tanks and members of the public to begin to debate this

and to look at not only where we need to be evolving, but how this

transition should take place       that the valid needs of national interests

will be taken care of, which_willways remain o some extent; but that the

world situation is attended to, and beyond that the inter-planetary situation
 OI2)     LL               a~
                  Atd--t    hese institutions now primarily concerned with

national security and national interests will increasingly become global and

then inter-planetary. Looking down the road some years, we can see where

the Ear     lanet EarthPay be fully amalgamated into an inter-planetary
                                                                          611

 coalition or a group of planets. This transformation, while unlikely to take

 place in 10 01 20 years can certainly be visualized as taking place within a

few hundred years.


 Q:     [Whispered:] That was really weird. [Bit louder:] Did anyone else        /

 see that?

 Q:     Um-uh [Affirmative collective response.]
                         /
 Q:     Fastest bird I've ever seen. [Laughter.]

        It's not a bird.

        It wasn'J/a bird. Just a flash of black flew acros~the front of the

  indow.

        Alright. Our friends at work. [Laughter.]


 All of this is something which coulcj.contain an entire book, just going

 through all the systems that would be impacted. •Bdt'the purpose here is

 to paint a very large picture, a framework as it were, of how this transition

from our current state to a future state may take place and what shape it

—nay take-o6 The challenges of evolving our planet from nationalism to a

 planetary consciousness and planetary society to an inter-planetary society

 are likely to, this     -tt1el t take place more rapidly than most people

 realize. Becai        barge changes in society such-as4kris seldom take place

 in genuinely incremental ways. They take place in quantum steps. The
                                                                          612
Berlin Wall did not come apart one brick at a time. It was a sudden and

breath-taking series of changes, which caught even the President of the

Soviet Union, Gorbachev, unawares and surprised.                             -


An     4e      types of changes are likely to be swifter and more definitive

than people generally anticipate. For that reason, it is not too soon for us
                                      -       ,1
to envision '• - ! • : ' --=etu - " =   ~e     iriit    ~=       changes in

cens€ieusness, which must attend the Earth's evolution to an inter-planetary

society. In fact, there is a sense of shame or loss that we have not been

doing this for well-nigh 50 years due to the intervening clouds of the cold

war, excessive nationalism, and the covert treatment of this subject. Those

may be to be 50 very precious years which we have not been able to avail

ourselves oQ~


However, being unable to change the past we can alsfecognize that the

present and the future is fully within our ability to visualize and help create

a new reality. And_-ái e would encourage international and national

security policy makers, thinkers, think-tanks, and world citizens to begin to

debate these issues, and to ask how the transition may take place in the

safest and least disruptive fashio     acre in a way that would secure the

world from unnecessary pitfalls into xenophobia and conflict with other
                                                G~-
extra-terrestrial planetary civilization    ould~ensure the smoothest
                                                                           613

 transition from a cosmic isolationism (which we have been involved in for

 the last 50 years, where we have in a deluded way thought of ourselves as

 the only intelligent life forms in the Universe) to breaking down that cosmic

 isolationism and realizing that, indeed, we are members of a universal

 community of planets.


 Well, did that make any sense? I don't know. Any questions about that?

 Each time we go through military, each one of these segments, I want to

  ive people an opportunity to ask questions; because each is sort of its own
  \
 special afea in terms of the implication


 Q:        Steven, uqi 'among planets? Come extend that, and it could be

    unit a
 a .~          ng all fd~r~efi~1"ntelligence? Even tt    U s~ Is that in

 scope of this?

 A:     The question iswould the concept of the unity among planets extend

 to the concept of unity among all beings in the Universe, including non-

 corporeal, non-physical beings such as angels and spirit beings and what-

-gaue.~C       The answer to that is yes, although it is a much more difficult

-tbi   to quantify and identify; and that may be a task that will be take on r

 once the world realizes that there is a new cosmology that w should be - —

 aware of. It's not new, it's just that it's just been neglected. This speaks

 to the question of the cosmology which was in a previous chapter that we
                                                                            614

are not only aware that there are extra-terrestrial biological life forms with

own planetary civilizations, but there are also intelligent, conscious, spiritual

beings not possessing material bodies as we know them, which also can

interact with humanity             assist and can be involved in the overall

evolutio ..      ave been involved in the overall evolutiorij)of the human

race for as long as there is memory of there being a human raceL4


 J  fr
But hat's a little bit out of this p articular subject
                                                  J    but certain) Y the same

principles apply. And the principles are these: that all intelligent life in the

Universe is approachable, can be communicated with, can have bridges

built amoi -'them, and can evolve into beneficial relationships. And this is

true whether it's a Chinese and an American, or an Earthling and someone

from Alpha Centauri star system, or between a human and a non-physical

intelligent life forms. That may be the subject of an entirely different book.


Q:     Oh, good.

Q:     I ave a couple of points [Ta          ops s       ]

A:     The first one was emphasizing that the tribalism and nationalism on

the planet is likely to continue for some time, although it is currently going

through some ch      ges            t with reat difficulty i think it's important

to realize that this is more than most people who have been familiar with
i
Gl~
                                                                               615

    the subject for a while and have been able to assimilate it into their

    paradigm a major cata       ~potentially catalytic bit of information that would

    do a subtle but dramatic realignment in how people view many things.


    For example, one of the discussions that we have had with National

    Security analysts, is that the sort of rogue nations, the North Koreas of they

 *world1many of these tribalistic and seemingly intractable conflicts could b

,, ,.-- perhaps not in 6 months but within a few years be, largely redefined and

    perhaps even diffused by not only these nations' adversaries, but the
                                                                  S
    nations themselves beginning to look at themselves differently. 1 It will result

    in a large scale re-examination of what it means to be a North Korean. And

    while they will always be North Koreans, perhaps, they will increasingly

    realize that they are humans, and beyond that begin to realize that they are

    intelligent life forms inhabiting a universe with other intelligent life forms.

    This, while seeming abstract, will have a very large impact and the national

    security people with whom we have been consulting indicate that it will

    probably be transformative and much more quickly than people realize.


    Now, the military forces that are tied up in such concerns at this time will

    attempt to find other roles. And there should be, obviously, a reduction in

    the military and the armaments of the world; but at the same time some of

    the forces and institutions that are there will need to be channeled into a
                                                                         616

constructive evolution. And that's why it's important now for people to begin

to discuss these issues and see how these institutions, infra-structure,

technologies might be channeled.       Because if no on~has thought this

through, they may try to channel themselves in non-predueti+~-      counter-

productive ways.


The importance of bring up this issue as early as possible, preferably

yesterday, but since yesterday is gone it's today, is that we can help ---

influence the outcome of some of these transformations and transitions.

And that is critically needed.


What was the second part of your comment?

Q:     It had to do with the covert military industrial complex and the

tremendous potential that this presents for them. A real opportunity.

A:     Yes. One of the interesting things when we first conceived of Project

Starlight is that if there were enough forward-looking and enlightened

people involved in that operation, that they would see that the transition of

this from a covert to a disclosed area of research and knowledge could be

a very positive event for them .if they would align themselves with an

international effort to assist in the opening up of this dial~g.ua_ and

                             thing~s vhich they_k~fmary of the
diplomacy. becausemany of the—

information they have 1eajped about these civilizations, the nature of their
/ 4w
                                                                          617

technology, the reverse-engineering which is undergone along with the

retrieval of craft and which have resulted in certain spin-off in human

technolo        any of these things could be brought to bear in a very positive

way, and which would legitimize and empower many of these same entities

and individuals, but in a positive as opposed to covert way, an -open eEL.-

-apposed o-severfwa~           ~i     ped, again, that this type of thinking will —

ultimately prevail; at this time we are not certain that it is, we are hopeful

that it will.   And we -ean only, actually, hope that-it--       because the

alternative is just too disastrous to contemplate.


Q:      Would not the géphysical event be more of a—catalyst for the

transfornfawn of the military from aggres≤o5~s`to caretakers?

A:      The question was related to the possibility of geo-physical events

mentioned previously being a catalyst for these forces having a positive

role.   Conceivably yes.      The likelihood of world-encircling trials and

difficulties are very great. It would be hoped that military and security

forces would be mobilized to assist the civilian populations during such a

time. I am certain that the bulk of it would be; in fact, I am certain that

that's the case because this information has been not only discussed, but

n detail remote-viewed, and it's fairly well documented.


The question remains, however, if there are elements in a very powerful
                                                                                     618

  and well-fundedand entrenched covert group, which having an assessment

  of extra-terrestrial threat weather than assist per-1 aps certain extra-

       ai
  't Fre str   l efforts aimed at stabilizing the plan      would become a source of

  fighting the extra-terrestrial elements which are in fact tryin               to_- .e—ef-
                                           -
  assistance. These ki            fii~ng and misinterpretations of actions is our

  greatest risk.       Certainly, global thermo-nuclear war could have been

  triggered by such miscues ancFmisunderstandings and misreadings of signs

  between        the   superpowers.             is   also     possible   that    certain

  misunderstandings or misinterpretations of extra-terrestrial activity could

 ~le    such a covert grou; tfnless it allows itself to have input from coalitions

  such as what we have put together,to lead them into an area of resistance

  and conflict and attack on extra-terrestrial spacecraft and facilities, when

  they would actually be there trying to help stabilize certain areas of the

` planet or provide some type of assistance.


  This, again, speaks to the urgent need to have this subject opened up and

  the covert nature of it folded awayf aftd-.taJ3. d,that happen prior to any

  world-encircling transitional bump or chaos. Becausefherwise7(here is a

  very good risk of the world being deprived of certain beneficial extra-

  terrestrial intervention when it would be desperately needecI                 oa    oi

  human covert forces fighting themThis, then, would have

  and perhaps cataclysmic impact on large segments of the population that
                                                                           619

could be benefitted. For this reason, we feel that it is urgent that the world

become aware not only of this subject but become aware of the fact that

the covert manner in which it has been handled needs to be transformed.


Did that answer that?

Q:     I think so.

A:     Sorry. If it didn't, ask.

Q:     I just wasn't sure which you thoughj,would be mere transformative,

actually; the geo-physical events or tpI disclosure of fie covert"operations

as-f~r as the transformatkn-of the military . .

A:     The question here has been refocused a little bit to which would be

more transformative, the geo-physical events or the disclosure of the

existence of extra-terrestrial life forms?

Q:     I guess I think that the geo-physical event could have more of an

effect of transforming the military.

A:     I think it is sort of splitting hairs or can't count the number of angels

on the head of a pin. There's so many factors, it's hard to say. They both

have a major influence, and in fact they are intimately related. A large part

of why extra-terrestrial life forms are involved in the planet in certain

operations is related to the fact that the Earth is about to go through a

couple of quantum leaps in its transformation, and with that

dislocation, Aad-tba&an understatement and a bit of a euphemism
                                                                          620

so, they are -     -6' integrated; they are inter-related phenomenon in
aspects. [Tape stops/starts.]


Testing 1-2-3 [Tape si
                   ops/starts.] Is it better?

Q:     Well, I think I better

A:     Is it on?


The question was related to a reflection on the fact that remotely viewed

information had indicated that a future daylight landing event of hist ric
                                                                        .~J
significance would take place with the cooperation of the military. Ai4d6es

this not indicate that there's some hope there? And the answer-3s-yam

hope the reader does not get the wrong impression about my regard for

much of the military. Quite frankly, some of the most visionary, honest,

responsible, helpful people that we have dealt with have been military and

senior military people on this subject. As mentioned earlier, these people

are as outraged as the average civilian is about how this particular subject

is being handled and the fact that they are beingshut out(bf this subject
                                                    IL


totally by a relatively small covert operation. '   -tPt it is clear to me that

some of the finest people I have ever met have been people I have met

since dealing with this issue in the military. In fact, a couple of very close

people within~CSETI inner circle, my most-trastettpespte- ffdihe people

who have been the most trust-worthy and reliable and censeie i tiave been
                                                                          621

military people. So, yes. The point here is that there are some extremely

fine and responsible people in our military and a number of them are
                                              cy
                                                     n
extremely enlightened and broad-mindedyarrd diplomaticand peace-loving.

And solhere is-tremendous       ape
                                      that the-kindof_ xansformation that has

been-discussed would in fact take place, and-ea                   There is no

doubt in my mind from seeing these seeds of enlightenment and this type

of thinking that there is great hope for the military evolving into a valid and

positive, role in all of thi   and    ramatgone. So let no one construe

certain comments about the excesses of the military or the excesses of the

covert world to mean that we do not respect many elements of the military

and people in the military who are very responsible, do a very fine job, and

who are extremely enlightened on this subject. Thank

 ue


Q:     I would lii    o take a step back. There is something that has really

           ering me about [Tape stops/starts.]

A:     The question that has been asked is the information coming out

about the covert handling of this and the fact that it has not been accounted

for could be very deleterious to this or any other administration. It could be,

unless it was made very clear and articulated to the public that certain

projects such as this - and there are many examples in the past, many,
                                                                            622
 includingiie plutonium poisoning projec        Rd--       others - that simply

 have fallen through the cracks because         he huge nature of tl     federal

 bureaucracy and added to that the nature of compartmentalized black
                                                             /~ J
 operations. I think most people would understand that. Na~,there is

 another issue with that.            is that the administration having beetby

 now informed of this subject has to do one of two things:

        ( ) Either go into a state of shock and denial and bury their heads, in

        which case there is a certain amount of a sin of omission, of a

        certain amount of culpability by not acting.

        (r Or, they act in the direction of assisting a disclosure, which is also

        something which takes a tremendous amount of courage.

 We are acutely aware that we have put, y briefing the President's science
                             It
 advisor and his close counsel as well as the Director of Central Intelligence,

 that we have put them in that position. That was intentionally done.


 Now, it is our hope that the subject could simply be brought oif~that the

 covert group dealing with this would strike a cooperative pose, if not totally

 disclosing one, and that the American public and the world community

 would be really rather forgivi~. AR t'4fi fact, we believe is rather forgiving

 once something is owned-up t4 "and people are honest and forthrigl           n~J

,-then we move on. The American public and the world community at large,

4thinL can handle this issue. It can handle it well, but not if there is
                                                                           623
                                                                         I
continuing deceit, machinations, disinformation, manipulations, etc. Sow/

that's the importance from this point on of this thing being handled in an

appropriate fashion.


Did th    ar1wr you?

Q:       This is~.elCate.

A:       It is a very delicate question; and it is something which has caused

us to lose some sleep')tIt-not-too much. Because we know4háJ1timately

what we are trying to do is simply to allow the truth to come o            that

     have suggested strategies and principles whereby it could be done in

a very constructive and positive way. Now, if that council does not heed it,

then that's not our responsibility: Although, there is a certain responsibility,

because we have in a sense opened Pandora's Box at a very senior level

of the military and intelligence system and the Executive Branch of the

government.

Q:       Pontially you are creating ET;9theT'\

A:       Yes. And more`.Mu~b-rfiore. [Tape stops/starts.]


Them was something else about tha question that I wanted to address,

and/it went into neuron an¢ then went into the ether. But perhapsit will

cor'ne back to me.

Q:       I was asking you about the accountabiltty
                                                                         624

A:     Yes„itTivas about the accountabili      Laughter and comments in

ba kground.]


The accountability for this question really begins from the time that a public

official knows about it and thercan establish that they simply were not

briefed and did not know about i5       in fact I and other members of our -

team would testify to that effect. There was no guile present; there was

complete honesty present during almost 3 hours of meeting with the

Director of Central Intelligence. He was-Ret       l   clearly, had not been

briefed, but was             of the loop and wa&unned with some of the

documents and evidence which we had. So, I think that that-wow-be

something that could be said.      A


          4~                                  j
Now,-+n-#t^ittle over a year,since theseuthings have been brought to their
                            (~/
attentio   at amount of laps&-6f time can just be explained to the fact that

this is a huge logistical question. Let us not make this too simple. We ar
                                                             w
dealing with the story of the millennium. - ne or ine monsr,he implications

which we are discussing in this Chapter are so vast and so profound that

you would expect any public servant to seriously walk through and think

through these things. And so, you would not expect a knee-jerk, very rapid

sort of response. However, we would expect a certain amount of response

within the next year or two, because otherwise then we are getting into the
                                                                              625
4t closing days of the Clinton Administration. And then the question has               —

to be raised, are they going to do anything at all? And if not, why? And-iL

  rn`        j there is certain accountability.                                 r


JI.o 'l did want to comment on the accountability from another perspective.

The General Accounting Office and .               Shift, who is a representative to --

Congress from New Mexico, are looking into this subject and the primary

focus of the question is accountability.           Because they are concerned,

particularly the General Accounting Office investigation, about the

accountabilit of these forces and of the military l o the public            to the.—

Congres4~nd beyond that to the Executive Branch under which they are

supposed to be deriving their authority to function. A ici_ -this is actually

the main focus of that investigation, which is aetierry very good; but also

very ominous. Because we know there has been an extraordinary lack of

accountability and a tremendous amount of official lying and secrecy, even

to officials who should not have been lied to                  public should have

been,           that's widely debatable. _4t's~ceftainly- debatable -if1he pu

                                 But, se-#hats- somet                        us 6

these cufrenf                      whic           —


        Yo1J-arenoUüsing the term, u                  a activity.

A:      1F               -knn1; 'I'm trying to be as diplomatic as possible. But
                                                                           626

there has been illegal activity. And in the sense that there are. . .the reader
                                                                e-t& GL ~--
should go to a very important investigative report'sho by Bill Curtis, which

was ~or     in the last 2 years, that-was talki         boUt n tional security

entities and agencies. A      they were focusing for a period of time in this

show on the National Reconnaissance Office, which until a few years ago -
                                                            --1
no one even knew existed, not even Congress. It was completely-ate'

agency; and yet, it possessed a budget of billions of dollars a year. Now,

people who were interviewed for that show stated that the National

Reconnaissance Office behaves as if it has seceded from the United

States. No i{hat's a quote. And that, of course, is nothing compared to

some of the covert processes that have gone oneed aling with this issue.


           vL
So,. y   / there have been activities which appear to have been very

unusual, if not extra-constitutional. We would, however hope that that

aspect of it would not be overly accentuated, soJong as they are willing to

play a neutral or positive role in any subsequent disclosure. However, if

they play a deleterious role, then I think the world, the nation will simply

have to confront the fact that there have been, that there is such a group,

and that it ius behaving illegally and that it simply will need to be restrained

through whatever means are necessary. But, again, you are dealing with

a potentially, to say sensitive is an understatement, explosive situation

which has to be handled very carefully.
                                                                             627
Q:     The admrItration that has the courageöf bringing this out [Tape

stopslstarts.]

A:       . .he    Whene read the documents which we have given to the

Administration that mak        a#- pointvery clearly, ..That the real risk is in

continuing to do nothing. And'hat the most benefit is in the military and
                                                                              the
Executive Branch of the government of disclosing this information. A

is certain, even from a political analysis point of view, wouI f ti all likelihood

be viewed as a courageous, heroic and honest thing for any set of

government leaders to bring this forward. -fie public's cynicism,         should

be emphasized,, surrounding the government and the military. would be

greatly reduced in the long run by something of this significance being

honestly brought to the people in a trusting way. The 'New Covenant' which

the Clinton Administration wished to form with the American people and the

stated intentions of the Director of Central Intelligence Woolsey on LARRY

KING on November 30, 1993, that the Administration wished to open up a

lot of the secrets of the government to the public in a way of fulfilling that

new covenant, hdould go a long way towards fulfilling that promise and

would restore a great deal of faith in people in the government.


Theproblem is, of course, when the Administration is out of the loop and

whin we have the President's science advisor calling Bruce Ashcroft at

Wright-Patterson Air Force Base who tells him nothing; who then, Bruce
                                                                         628

Ashcroft calls me, a civilian, a doctor in North Carolina, to find out

information about this, you've got a theater of the absurd. So, I mean, we

are dealing now with the White House staff, the Executive Officer of our

country trying to find out information about this and being shut out at every

turn. And so, they can't disclose what they don't have-accessqeMths

becomes, again, a sorter-an Alice-In-Wonderland scenario where what       we


are atrthe point of d0iigmw.,a year ago we had hoped that a friendly DCI

and White House) fooking into this on our behalf or in cooperation with a
               n


civilian coalition could come out with all this evidence and disclose

in a cooperative fashion. Upon learning that they were out of the loop, and

what ever they knew were mostly disinformation and lies

[End of Tape 13, Side A]
                                                                               629

 TAPE 13, SIDE B:

 . . the tot~'~ty of this subject was outside their ability to even find information

~t f? Then what o they-have to discl4          ?' So, at this point, our thinking:

)Jnless the covert control group puts them into the loop and then they

 decide to disclose whatever it is they have beenQglv            the danger here
   i
be.in -that they will be-g         bunch of disinformation and nonsense; the

 best thing we can hope for is to put together a civilian coalition from around
                   ~J
 the world. Md tl 'vuiat the Executive Branch can do is what we have

 asked them to do.


 And that is, sign an executive order from the President saying:

        That the witnesses, the astronauts, the military people, the civilian

        contract workers who have handled the dead ET bodies, the

        spacecraft, etc. are allowed to speak and will not be prosecuted for

        violation of their National Security oaths and, moreover, will be

        protected under an executive order from the President of the United

        States.

 Now, the stroke of that pen is the major thing that President Clinton or any

 administration can do given the disconnect that has occurred between the

 Constitutional Executive Branch of the government and these covert

 operations. It is the ultimate preemptive strike. And that is what we are

 asking the President to do. And we can only pray for his courage.
                                                                            630

 Any othe -gGestions? [Tape stops/starts.]


~ilL ha     recomrrt          i th      right?}. . .we have recommended in fact

 that it be even more extensive than simply saying that other administrations

 historically set up this covert operation; that we also, to give cover to the

 careerists in the government, that it simply be blamed on the excessive

 secrecy surrounding the cold war, particularly vis-a-vis the sensitive nature

 of the advanced extra-terrestrial technology and the possible deleterious

 applications of that technology by enemy military forces. Aritf that is an

 understandable reason for the secrecy that any rational American or human

 would understand. And.        4f at has been put in writing and delivered to the

 appropriate officials                ha' this hi   could be disclosed ar      ea

 an adequate explanation.           And you may think of it as a fig leaf, but
                                                     r ,[ 1
 nevertheless n     adequate explanatio so.GTt it could be done with the

 minimum of fallout for not only the current administration but for the current
                                                        J
 career people in the military and intelligence fields] Who, by and large, are

 utterly innocent of all of this.


 The simplistic notion which the public has had and the civilian UFO

 community has had about 'the government' covering this up is nonsense;

 simply because the government is not some monolithic entity. It is a very

 Iarge~atQ'complexand compartmentalized organism. And it!             'nly a very
                                                                               631

  few cells within this organism which have had anything to do withsubject —

  for decades, And, therefore, in terms of accountability, how much blame
               ff
  can be plac on those who knew nothing about it? In fact, one of the

  reasons for the extraordinary secrecy, which has since gotten out of hand,

  was to provide a certain amount of plausible deniability to high officials.

  This is done routinely. And to that end, lower ranking officials will lie to

  senior ones; so that their senior officials will have plausible deniability.


  Q:     Are we arroga [Tape sups/starts.]

  A:     The question was, are we putting too much emphasis on the United

  States and not looking at the potential for disclosure from other countries,

  or perhaps their involvement in this.

~point#!vcry good that you brought this up: The secrecy surrounding this

  subject, while initially nationalized, quickly became a global arrangement at

  some date in the past. The exact date is not known. We would guess

  somewhere between 1954 and 1970. Somewhere in that 15-year period,

  t"jLbecame-a-situation--where the covert forces of the United States

 'deaIingwiih tI4Wand those of the Soviet Union got together and mutually

  agreed to keep this thing quiet and to cooperate on certain issues. There

  are a series of KGB and Russian government documents which have come

  to our attention and which are currently being translated [Steve:        a

  Intelligence Officer mid i970's-80's, my father translated Russian
                                                                             632

papers. M] by one of our executive council members, which describes joint

British, US, and Soviet Union projects dealing with reverse-engineering this

technology; certain aspects of this technology particularly related to

propulsion systems. So, this is much more complex than just viewing this

as a US covert operation.          ~Gehope that it was quite clear when this
                                     I,
discussion first came p-ar#ew-das ago, era-few-else            Cs.dgo;whate"         -

[Page 537, 547; Pg 101-102, 207-210, 235] , that it is an international,

quasi-governmental, quasi-civilian covert operation which is functioning
                                                                    ?/
outside of recognized channels, both here and in other countries. No*, to

dissolution of the Soviet Union and the chaos attending that event has

potentially unlea 1d a mother lode of not--er"documents but                   i t

witnesses to this event. M                e to be able to identify those points of --

evidence, documents, and also witnesses and bring them into this

disclosure process so that it is a truly global event. In fact, as we speak,

even today on the phone, we've been working trying to build that potential

(in our spar-e-ne)—ff pe stops/starts.]


LeLm® etas             a-p    -e# tlals     tioA of i      apr,,tt1e disclosure

process itself will have certain military and national security implications;

particularly if the illegal or extra-constitutional aspects of this are brought to

light. Because more than any other covert scandal, it will focus attention

on the dangers of secrecy in a democracy, on the risks of extraordinary
                                                                           633

 covert compartmentalization combined with vast black-budget funds. And

 we would predict, therefore, that that entire way of doing business as usual

 will go through a radical and rapid surgical procedure, an alteration.


 It is clear that the Executive Branch, the United States Congress, the

 American people and corollary interests in the United Kingdom, France and

 Russia will have a certain degree of outrage at how that has been managed

 and will vow to never allow it to occur again. It will be in that sense, the~~
                                                                             "`"
 Viet Nam of covert authorizations. By this I mean, if the Viet Nam war

 something which taught a long-lasting lesson about poorly thought out

 excursions~aadnilitary operations in civil war situations in distant lands and

 the lack of wisdom behind such military adventures, this information will

 teach an indelible lesson, will be burned into the consciousness, institutional
                                      n.
 memory and hearts of the nation1 and £*4he world as an example and
                                           IA       t
/perhaps as a cathartic Levent, al       ill         large degree of resolve to
           A   i         7 --    ;          - -


 res                      gsotilc                                     am . The

 national security intelligence eena4nuni 'and military community implications

 of this kind of change in thinking is so vast, because it would change

 entirely the way the military and intelligence community functions today.


 The average person does not realize the extent to which these kind of

 covert operations and black-budget operations affect the world.
                                                                         634

can, then, extrapolate from this scenario and see that, for example, special

forces operations which are covert and black and which are under no

supervision from the president, the congress, or other senior officials would

also be looked at and the plug might indeed be pulled on them as well.

This, while perhaps painful in its initial stages just as perhaps the Viet Nam

war and the realization of the folly of that conflict was painful, would

ultimately be a very positive event and cleansing event in terms of the

national security and military situation in t he world.


In this sense, one of the indirect implications of the extra-terrestrial

presence may be the opening up of government and military to a degree

which has not been seen since before World War II and, in that sense, may

be, from an institutional and governmental point of view, one of the greatest

benefits of the extra-terrestrial presence. [Tape stops/starts.]


-Ws-an-excellent quest     T                          me of these comments

have assumed that there would be a group of people who would be

accountable and would care about the future more so than say the current

Congress and other officials appear to be. The answer-         es.


The assumption here is that this information no matter how it is presented

and we are advising that it be presented in a neutral to positive way
                                                                               635

_hopefuI_waq'will create a certain degree of crisis; simply because it has

 such vast and far-reaching implications. Under these circumstances, we

 feel certain that there will be responsible. and accountap people who will

 come forward.      Because the stakes are so vas                        'and the

 implications are sotva~3u, nder those circumstances, notwithstanding the -

 general cynicism and apathy in the world, there will—           ' people wtwill

 come forward. In fact, what we have found through our private briefings

 with various leaders not only in the government but in the military and the

 intelligence field, in the international diplomatic corps, in religious

 communities and elsewhere is that there is a high degree of responsibility

 and concern that4 'present. And when this information comes to the fore

 and is confirmed in the world consciousness, that there will be a significant

 number of people to corr     fQrwáI-


                                                  I
 Now, we are not Rollyanna atatl-in theregard;-.aM.wé recognize that there

 are vested interests that will make a great deal of noise, there will be

 tremendous degrees of irresponsibility on the part of certain political,

 military, religious and media or cultural interests. To the extent possible, we

 are attempting to anticipate, and put into place counter mess res-
                                            y       D
                                        w       D       y   --
                                J

 compensate for those things. rout-atl-of-them, !1 wever,         ill-be-able to tie

                     And to.a-certain. extent, that process will simply have to

 find its own course.
 '4.
                                                                         636
g~ ifi with that S +,there are a good many people in the Congress and other


countries, the United Nations, and in the military who are accountable and

responsible and who we have confidence will come forward to do the right

thing. We can only hope that. A Q mire must visualize that, because the

stakes are so high that the alternative is horrific. [Tape stops/starts.]


. . .implication is related to the alteration and consciousness; the change in

world view; the transformation of paradigm, increasingly, to one of a

planetary situation and then inter-planetary situation. And national security, _

military, and global securit~r world security interests will have added

their view of reality~he awareness that we are not the only life forms in the

Universe and that there are other planetary societieworking together which

are attempting to interact with our planets             simple fact will have

repercussions in the minds and hearts of these elements of the world

community. And they will be profound.


Okay. Why don't we [Tape stops/starts several times.]

To I t us knbw, because we are goin9jgchrhicle those.


Q-1:   Can you tell us, Ron, about the things you've experienced before this

thing flew by the window?

Q-2:   [Unintelligible] before you all mentioned; I didn't see the one that
                                                                           637

 you saw, but [Unintelligible due to interference with microphone]

 something black just in the corner of that window and zoom off that way.

 Q-1:   Went the opposite way.

 Q-2:   Went very quick. It went that way. It was still light. I couldn't make

 out, it was quick enough I couldn't make out what it was. It's quite possible

 it was a bird, but it was black and fast, whatever it was.

 Q-4:   I don't think they were birds.

 Q-5:   Un-uh.    [Negative, not birds connotation.]          [Several voices

 together all saying it was not birds.]

 Q-6:   It wasn't a bird. 'Cuz I see birds out here all the time.

 Q-7:   Really weird that we've seen this black thing that went here along my

 way here. It was first in Wadsworth as we parked, and out of the corner of

 my eye I thought it was a black cat running towards my car, and when I

 turned my head it was gone.

 Q-6:   And Ron, you said you heard tones?

 Q-2:   No, I didn't hear tones.

 Q-6:   Oh.

 Q-2:   Just a very, very high frequency just as we sat down, right in here;

.. iarg7/very high-frequency-pitched continuous tone and the feeling of electro-

 magnetic energy to the point that the hair on the back of my nec I was
                                                       il_LA          L 4J a -Q_~
 kind of gettin5chills up and down the back of my neck,.? t necessarily

 strong,.bdt just a very high-pitched tone.
