{"created_utc": "2026-08-10T01:07:21Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4932032, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116913-close-encounters-of-the-fifth-kind-in-mexico-january-30-february-4-1993.pdf", "source_sha256": "5cfabeb167f6b2b78fe65079d6e79f90a093fdff14720caa63d2db032fec59f8"}

A CSETI SPECIAL REPORT:


    Close Encounters
    of the Fifth Kind
           In
         Mexico

                  The Findings
                      of the
CSETI Rapid Mobilization Investigative Team (RMIT)
                    in Mexico
           January 30 - February 4, 1993


                     4/30/93

               Steven M. Greer M.D.
          International Director of CSETI
INTRODUCTION:
Following is a report concerning the RMIT Events of Jan. 30 - Feb. 4, 1993.
This report is an assessment of these events by Steven M. Greer M.D. and
relies on the wntten reports of the members of the team as well as his own
expenences in Mexico.


      In mid - January 1993, the members of the CSETI Executive Council
and the CSETI Director teamed of the continuing wave of Extraterrestrial —
activity in the volcanic zone outside Mexico City, Mexico. As recent as Jan.
1, 1993 we were told, at least 100,000 dwellers of Mexico City had seen an
Extraterrestrial spacecraft (ETS) in broad daylight. Several videotapes were
made of this bright, rapidly rotating disc as it hovered over the area, and
the event was covered in the Mexican national media. This was ontihe —
most recent event in a wave of sightings which began on July 11, 1991
when, during the total eclipse of the sun, thousands of Mexicans observed
a similar, if not identical, daylight disc over Mexico City and other nearby
cities. (These events, along with numerous videotaped craft a e chronicled
in a videotape by Lee Elders entitled "Messengers of Destin 0)
    Convinced that a truly significant Extraterrestrial event was continuing in
the v        is zone of Mexico, CSETI's Director activated the RMIT to
investigate directly these events, and ' possible, interact with the
extraterrestrials. This brief trip, lasting 6~days from Jan.. 30 - Fe       as
primarily oriented towards only fact - finding and a preliminary investigation
in advance of a more lengthy research trip in the future. However, as you
will see we were to experience a series of full scale human - extraterrestrial
interactions over the course of these few nights in Mexico.         2 ,crc-
    The RMIT consisted of five people: Dr. Steven Greer, Director of CSET1;
Dr. Joseph Burkes, emergency physician and Coordinator of the Los
Angeles Area CSETI Working Group: M. Shari Adamiak, Coordinator of
 RMIT and Coordinator of the Denver as CSETI Working Group; Dr.
 Barbie Taylor, a Clinical Psychologist in Las Vegas, NV and "Ambassador
at Large" for CSETI; and Mr. Jeff Baker, the documentation specialist for
 the team. The members of the team were selected according to (1) their
 ability to function well as a unified team (2) their experience with and —
 dedication to the CE-5 Initiative (3) complimenting yet diverse skills, ♦'
 abilities and characteristics - (for example Dr. Burkes, in addition to his
 formidable organizational skills, has a good command of Spanish) (4) their —
 immediate availability for the research trip.
* Close E counters of the Fifth Kind Initiative: Human - initiated contact or interaction
with Extr errestrial Intelligence or beings, often associated with UFO activity at other
CE - contact levels.
                                         Page 1
     Having obtained commitments from these five people, the decision was
 made to convene the team at the Mexico City Airport at approximately 4
 PM on Ja6          1993. What was to follow was to change forever the lives
 of these five researchers, and indeed, the course of the young and
 emerging field of Extraterrestnal studies.
      Before going further, I would like to thank Lee Elders for his advice and
 for the fine job he has done documenting this Mexican wave. Heartfelt
 thanks also to Ron Russell of Denver, who helped bring these events to our
 attention, and whose unavoidable absence from the team was a loss felt by
 all of us.
      A very special "thank you" goes to each and every member of the team
 for their dedication, unity of purpose and sacrifice. While it is true that `the
 whole is greater than the sum of its parts', it was the beautiful and selfless
 ability of "the parts" to give themselves to "the whole" team that made this
 RMIT such a success.
 PRELUDE
       Consciousness transcends space and time; it is bound by no time and
   no place, and yet it is present at every place and is witness to every time. It
   is subtle and all-"pervading, yet it is at the very core of our own being: It is
   that whereby we are awake; it is that whereby we are. While we are
   generally focused - bound if you will - to one space and one time,
   consciousness is essentially unbounded - and therefore, so are we . . .
         Upon activation of the RMIT on. Jan. 17th, a series of unusual events
   occurred which may be viewed as coincidental by some, synchronous by
   others - or even premonitory. Significantly, multiply witnessed "UFO"
   events began in Denv,e~r and the Asheville are' here three of the five
   RMIT members resideas soon as the decision (o activate the RMIT was
   made. In the week before RMIT left for Mexico, dozens of people in the
   Asheville area witnessed craft, some at close range, predominantly in the
   part of the country where the low             - Wonting Group conducts its
   research. The night the decision to        to Mexico was mad , a man called
   the CSETI office and reported that he was witnessing a uge, silent object
   gliding over the wilderness area near Lake Logan, very near to the site
   where the Executive Council had been conducting CE-5 research the night
   before. Coincidence? Perhaps. But at the minimum these and other events
   gave us the sense that something very significant awaited us in Mexico.
        Then on Monday, Jan.. 25, 1993, I had a very lucid dream involving a
    place and time which we later learned was exactly one week in the future.
   We were in a green field in Mexico, and the moon was bn9ht, greater than
   1/2 full, hanging in the sky in the 'ate afternoon, when a disc shaped UFO
t. came into view. As it passed in the area of the sky near the moon, it
    connected with the team, and as we thought "move to the left", it moved to
                                       Pbge 2
the left, and then we thought 'move to the right' and it moved to the right,
and so on. This interaction was remarkable for how natural and effortless it
seemed, not withstanding the strange nature of the event! This lucid, full
color dream ended with a sense that something extraordinary awaited us in
Mexico, now only a few days away. At the time I had this 'dream', I was
completely unaware of the present phase of the moon, or the phase at
which we would find it seven days hence
     But seven days hence, on Feb        ; t 93 we found ourselves in such a
Mexican field, with the moon exactly the size and phase in which it
appeared in the dream, and an event of unparalleled significance soon
enveloped us. Another coincidence? Perhaps. But I think not, and even at
the time of the dream, I knew it presaged extraordinary events. Convinced
of this, I immediately told my wife Emily, about this dream, and also shared
it with Shari Adamiak, Jeff Bakerànd others.
      Nor was this the only such experience involvi consciousness during
the week of our departure. On Friday night, JaniV'2 , as I slept in Denver
awaiting our departure the next day, I again had a very lucid dream. We
were driving in a small car up a very steep road in Mexico winding through
dense and cool woods after dark. Then as we rounded a curve we could
see dozens, then hundreds of spacecraft brilliantly white, ascending from
 below a ridge into the sky. The entire sky was eventually filled with these
objects. I was amazed not only at the sight of these objects, but by the fact
that the forest was so dense. Since I had never been to Mexico, I assumed,
wrongly, that the terrain would be desert and scrub brush, devoid of trees,
 and certainly lacking coot green forest! But 24 hours later, there we were
 driving in a small car, through the darkness into the cool high forest as the
 NW, slope of MT Popocatepetl (M Popo) and our first experience awaited
 us there . .
       Coincidence? Perhaps many of the secrets of outer space lie within
 inner space, in consciousness, in the essential non local nature of mind.
 Here we are reminded of the statement by the great physicist Erwin
 Schrodinger ". . . The overall number of minds is lust one." and of the
 ancient mystic All who said.   .   .


                   "Dost thou reckon thyself only a puny form
                   When within thee the Universe is folded?"

     I will admit that sharing this is not easy, since I know it will be used to
debunk, attack and dismiss us. Nevertheless, now is not the time for
secrets. A very large and emerging truth is this: That consciousness - mind
stuff, if you will - is one; that as humans, we have access to this one mind;
that every conscious, sentient being in the Universe is a window through
which this same one mind is shinin9.. And that at least some, if not all, of
the Extraterrestrial civilizations visiting earth realize this, and most likely
have applied this to science, technology, communication, and perhaps
even to transportation.
                                        Page 3
The constricted view of mind as being separate from matter is an archaic
intellectual construct akin to the idea of the sun revolving around the earth.
And I believe, as a scientist and researcher, that we ignore this emerging
truth of the non - space / non - time nature of consciousness at our own
loss and peril. For could it be that star faring civilizations, experiencing the
vast distances and attendant limitations of radio and other electromagnetic
communications have focused on and developed the ultimate instant
network: Mind? Indeed, since none-local mind is bound by neither space nor
time, one may receive a communication even before it is sent. .
DAY ONE - Saturday, January 30, 1993
                                                               'n°
     All five members of the team arrived between 4`and 5PM-and after
renting two small cars, we set out for our first stage in the volcanic zone.
Joe Burkes and Jeff Baker had a bright red VW beetle while the rest of us
drove'sfour door Nissan. The two groups communicated is small radio
devices which had a limited range, but which were non, h ss helpful.
Day One brought Lesson One from the school of hard knocks: Do not rent
a car out of Mexico City without a Mexican driven ± Within a few miles of the
airport, we .re stopped by corrupt, armed police who,. eventually robbed
us. Their inial demand was for 300,000 pesos, but thanks to Joe's Spanish
and negotiating skills, we got their extortionist demands lowered to 50,000
pesos (or 16 - 18 U.S. dollars). Initially, they confiscated our drivers
licenses and threatened s with jail (The fact that no crime had been
committed was immaterial mention this only as a warning to others who
may travel there: this type of police harassment and corruption is very
common in Mexico City - so go at your own         ri
                                                       We recommend flying to
                                                       sk.


an outlying city, or engaging   a Mexican  Driver. At the minimum, you need a
 Mexican contact, preferably an official, who can come to your assistance if
 needed.
     We arrived at our first nights destination, Amecarneca, at around 9 PM
and after unpacking and a brief meal, set out for a road which went up to
the pass between MT Popo and M Iztaccihyatl (MT Izzy). I was singularly
struck by the cool green forests, the road and the entire setting which
 perfectly matched the previous night's drearh. We found a grassy area off
 of the road, which was in quently traveled at that hour, and set up the
 research site at around 11'      Sp a
      Then just prior to 12: 0   AMythe  entire group was struck by a brilliant
 beam of light, amber % golden in color, which suddenly emerged from the
 northwest sky. There were no airplane, cars;" other people or homes
 anywhere near the remote research        site. Where did this beam of light
 originate? Except to say that it emerged from the darkened sky, nobody
 can say for sure. I was startled by the fight since I was facing NW and it
 struck me directly in the face..
                                       Page 4
This event seemed to be a contact of some type - several of us felt a
distinct tingling on our skin from the lig Jflrg,y beam. Art t 1ight beam
struck the group after approximate y1              ours of Coherent Thought
Sequencing (CTS), high-powered IighfWYkänd use of on - site beeping
tones - (all part of the CSETI CE-5 Initiative contact trilogy, wherein we
intentionally attempt to contact ETA).
    Later, at approximately 1 AM~San amber globe was seen coming up from
the West. It disappeared briefly, but after signaling in that direction with a
high powered light, it reappeared and flashed a bright white color. It then
moved from left to right and was lost to view. Could this object have been
related to the bright beam of light which struck the group 30 minutes
earlier? At a little past 2 AM, we departed for our hotel, wondering what
awaited us in the coming days. Certainly, our first few hours in Mexico were
events filled, even intimate in the nature of the light beam experiences.
There was something very direct and personal about how the group was
engulfed in this light beam, however briefly. As I prepared for bed,
wondered if the group had been 'scanned' by some craft which had locked
onto our group. Or were they simply returning our light beams in an
enigmatic fashion?

DAY TWO - Sunday, January 31, 1993
      The next day, Sunday, Jan¢:31, 1993, we awakened to the color and
bustling activity of the town of Amecameca. After consulting as a group,
and studying the maps of the area and past sightings reports, we decided
to leave the area for a remote site on the other side of the volcanoes. (The
exact site will remain unnamed in this report, since we consider it an active
RMIT site and we wish to preserve its integrity and security for future RMIT
use).
      Here, a note about the volcanic zone is in order. Above Mexico City
looms the largest volcano in the world. At just under 18,000 feet, it is now
capped at the summit and is a magnificent sight. Around tt),e t'        of the
solar eclipse and onset of the current wave of ETS sightings Th volcano
 Popo became more active, and vulcanologists have warned of a possible
calamitous eruption, with attendant earthquakes in the Mexico City area          Y
million people would be affected, perhaps catastrophically by such an
eruption of Popo. Indeed, the local village had organized an emergency
evacuation committee, and there is genuine concern that such an eruption
may be imminent.
      There is speculation that the intense presence of ETS in the area is
related to this recent upsurge in Mt. Popo's activity. Some believe the
 Extraterrestrial people are monitoring the situation and may even be
 involved in a project to somehow reduce the force of any future eruption.
 must admit, that both our retrospective survey of past sightings and our
                                    Page 5
own real2ime observations lead me to conclude that the Extraterrestrials
are there for reasons related to the volcano's recent increase in activity. To
precisely what end remains to be discovered.
      Even during our brief stay in the area, we observed an increase in the
steam and smoke coming from Popo, and given our very close proximity
to it, I wondered more than once if my "last will and testament" was in good
or.-~r! Certainly, we discussed an evacuation plan of our own, but luckily
nee r had to use it.
    The spacecraft which have been seen - and videotaped from a distance
- are of two types:
   (1) A large, triangular craft with a light at each apex and a red light in the center, very
similar to those seen in Russia and Belgium: These are 300 - 800 feet in diameter, and
appear at night, usually fairly late, in the areas adjacent to the volcanoes.


                                          I   boo. soo k,


   (2) The second type is a silver disc, pmbataly 20 - 30 feet in diameter, seen at night
and during the day time. Multiple daylight videctapes of these exist.


                                C              7

     In the coming days we were fortunate to see and/interact with both of
these types of ETS. One the night of January 31, 1993, we set up the
research site in a large field off of a road whicflçonnected two small
villages. This site was on a high plateau of 7,00        elevation, atthe vary
base of MTlt.iPopo. In the moonlight you could se       opo and Izzyi`ooming
directly above us, at once beautiful and menacing, with steam rising from
the gaping opening at the summit.
       After checking the various equipment - still cameras, video camera,
micro cassette recorders, radar detector, high powered lights, audio tones
etc.ii; we reviewed the team roles and prepared for the night's research. In
the event of a landing and opportunity to board a craft, the Boarding Party
order was reviewed; Communicators, who would attempt to communicate
with Extraterrestrials, were assigned roles; and Jeff Baker preferred to
attempt to document any CE-5 which may occur. having evaluated the site
and made preparations we began the CE-5 Initiative ppj~oto Is. No ETS
were seen, but as we were +caving the site, well after 1 r 2 A-Mi11e radar
detector started signaling at ;ull impulse. There were no microwave or radar
sources, no cars on the road and no source for energy to activate the
 detector. The first night: Light. The second night: Sound. The third night:?
                                           Page 6
DAY THREE - Monday, February 1st, 1993
     The main purpose of the CSETI project is to develop teams of humans
capable of establishing mutual, sustainable, peaceful2 and diplomatic
relationships with any and all ( T. civilizations visiting earth. Extensive
training together is required for the team to attain the level of unity and
congruence needed to realize this goal. This project, and the CSETI team,
is without known preceden)              is a unique attempt to establish the
foundations of open interplanetary relatio~ns.
      The bonding among the members,which is required to create such a
coherent and highly functional team, occurs by planning, working, exploring
and living together during the research project. On this day, Monday,
 February 1st, we undertook an arduous expedition which deepened the
unity of the team, and created the energy and potential for the
extraordinary beauty of that same night.
     Setting out on foot, we traveled over primitive trails through the Mexican
countryside to a pyramid-shaped mountain noted for it's proximity to the
epicenter of many sightings. The five of us set out on fo6lor the 10-12
 mile journey to this remote and enchanting spot. Using a compass and a
few good hunches, we picked our way along the unmarked route, which
was passable only on foot or by donkey. Arriving at the base of the
 pyramid-shaped mountain, Jeff Baker volunteered to scale the slopes with
 me while the others rested down below. What Jeff and I thought was a
 strai • ht cli i • u • • ed out to be a series of ridges and valleys which led to
   e oral steepf '•~=~''. En route, we passed several ancient native ruins,
 and we could sense the rhythms of a long-vanished civilization teeming
 around us. From the summit we observed the heart of the wilderness of
 the volcanic zone and could clearly see the entire region, which was being
 frequented by some E,Tt'civilization.
     After returning to the group, we all departed for the long trek back. The
 day was growing late and we were pressed to get out of the wilderness
 before nightfall. On the way back we passed through a c95ta1n field in
 which, on the way up, we had sensed a strange presenc - ike someone
 or something unusual had been there, or was perhaps still there. On this
 pass through the field, we again remarked on the unusual feeling of the
 place, and as we looked up we saw a large cloud, high in the zenith, which
 looked exactly like an eagle with feathery wings outstretched and head
  pointing to our research site! It was a magical moment, and we felt it gave
 promise to the coming night's efforts at contact.
       The eagle, which is an important symbol in ancient Mayan teachings,
 shared the blue sky with the moon. As I looked into the sky, and over the
 terrain, I knew that it was THIS sky, and THIS moon, in that enchanted land
 which was seen exactly one week before in the dream. It was then that I
  knew an event of great significance awaited us.
                                      Page 7
For in the one mind, beyond space and beyon "ime, the end can be seen
in the beginning.
      This night we set up the research site in the same field at 9:30, and
again went through our check list of procedures and equipment. The
camcorder, a Canon Ll Pro with 30-60x magnification and a 5 Lux was set
up, and through it you could see the moon and the volcano clearty. It and
the other cameras were in fine working order, and so we began our contact
protocols.
      On the previous night, local villagers had been up very late, noisily
celebrating a religious festival; I was a bit unsure of the security of the site.
On this night, the area was quiet by 11:00 or so, and we settled into our
research protocols, u disturbed and without incident.
     Then, at 11:45; a CE-5 of profound significance occurred. The
entire group was performing CTS, and I was in a state aware only of "one
mind". Suddenly, I sensed---knew---to sit up and look to my right, and
there it was: a large amber craft moving obliquely away from us in the
northwest sky.
      My immediate sense was that it was looking for us, that it was over the
area of the pyramid-shaped mountain and the field of the eagle cloud.
immediately notified the team saying: "This is it - this is the real thing!"
With both CTS and powerful lights, we signaled for th spacecraft to come
over to our location. IMMEDIATELY, it turned off it's presentcourse, and
 moved directly towards us.
     Initially, the spacecraft was      1riIes away, but as it silently glided
towards us it came within 1500-3000 feet, and only 200-500 feet ipthe air!
We immediately realized the historic significance of this event: ,ã' team of
 humans had consciously and intentionally vectored a spacecraft into a
 research area. It was clearly responding by changing course and coming
 directly to us, now in an apparent landing approach, or at least landing
 approach simulation.
     By now the exact shape of the ETS could be seen: it was a huge 300-
 900 foot diameter triangular-shaped structured craft, with a light on the
 underside at each apex and a reddish glowing light in the very center on
 the underside. This was no vague distant light in the sky, but a large craft
 with technological lights. We noted that even though the wind was coming
 from it's direction, no sound was heard whatsoever!
    The excitement, if not astonishment, of the team was obvious, and yet all
 performed beautifully in the coming moments.
    Jeff Baker moved the video camera to the adjacent field, and set out our
 portable landing strobe lights - indicating to the E,Z4' that we welcomed a
                                                        ''s


 landing, should this be safe and feasible for them.
    The rest of the team prepared for boarding and I sent signals with the
 high-powered light. The spacecraft made a sweeping arc, approximately
 180 degrees, and then came straight towards us in an apparent landing
                                     Page 8
approach. As I signaled to it, it returned(byk illumina    large and powerful
lights on the now "front" Antero-grade of the triangular craft.
      It descended to 200-300 feet, coming straight towards us, and as it did
so, it greatly increased the luminosity of the front lights, as if signaling to
land. We could also see a small "scout ship", red- orange in color, floating
alongside and behind the large triangle.
     As Jeff Baker activated the high-powered camcorder, he noticed that no
image was coming through. The camera, which had worked perfectly
before the event, was now non-operational. Even his hand and flashlight in
front of the camera lens were not visible in the viewfinders
      Moreover, the still cameras (Canon EOS system with 70-210 lens),
would not operate, nor would Shan Adamiak's little instamatic! It was clear
to us that some interference prohibited the filming of this very dose range
event. WAS THIS INTENTIONAL JAMMING of the equipment or an
inadvertent electromagnetic effect of the ship itself?
     About the time Jeff tried to film the spacecraft, it aborted it's landing
approach, turned to our left (east-northeast), and began moving away from
the site. However, in a beautiful gesture of continued communication, the
receding spacecraft illuminated it's retrograde lights and dearly,
unequivocally signaled with us as we flashed our lights to it. It was a lovely
and poignant "good-bye."
     In one to three minutes, it dipped below a nearby ridge, and was not
seen again at close range that night. The entire event had lasted about ten
minutes, and we all felt that we had been "tested" to see how we would
 perform in a landing simulation. I believe we passed the test. There was
great joy and excitement in the team, and we knew we had just witnessed
the most significant group CE-5 in history.
     After the spacecraft left, we were astonished, perhaps dismayed, to see
that the powerful Canon U Pro Camcorder was fully operational again! We
 have in our archives the immediate post-event footage, showing distant
village lights and clearly recording our excited voices as we discussed the
dose encounter, then only minutes old.
      But as a team--and as an organization attempting mutual, diplomatic
 contact with Eli, we were left with some hard questions, and a dilemma:
     Why did the cameras fail just at that moment, when they worked fine
 before AND after the event? Was this an inadvertent side-effect of their
 energy and propulsion systems on our electronics at very close range, or
was it evidence of deliberate "jamming" of the equipment, with the
 message, "NO, not now, not at this close range with a high magnification
 camera. We do not want to be documented for the world at close range
 yet, and if we were, it may endanger our mission, and your (CSETI)
 mission as well "?
      Were we "breaching diplomatic protocol" by unilaterally attempting to
 film the event at close range?
                                    Page 9
Our policy is to document fully SO LONG AS THE PROCESS OF
DOCUMENTING DOES NOT INTERFERE WITH THE CONTACT-EVENT
ITSELF. Had we crossed the line and shortened the event by trying to
document it? These and many other questions occupied our thoughts, and
continue to be a source of          discussion within CSET I to this day.
                             poly , we saw three ~-nall red, white and blue-
    Later that night, at 12:20
lighted craft which moved into a vertical configu ition, one stacked upon
the other. Shari Adamialc and I saw a beam of lignt descend from the craft,
vertic ty        to the distant ridge over which they were hovering. Then at
2:15 afl, another small craft was seen moving towards the west. It
descended behind the pyramid mountain, to which we had hiked earlier
that day. Then, after the moon set behind the volcano, we noticed in the
sky another strange cloud formation. This time it was not an eagle, but a
humanoid face: a strangely shaped ring of clouds made a head, and two
bright stars made two eyes, staring from deep space across the Mexican
volcanoes. This day, one week from the night of the strange dream,
showed us that dreams do come true.

DAY FOUR - Tuesday, February 2nd, 1993
    After a day of exploring the region for other suitable sites, we prepared
once again for another night of research. Earlier that day, in the morning,
we had held a debriefing and consultation on the previous nights' histonc -
CE-5. It was a beautiful and transcendent event, and the memory of it,
while still fresh seemed almost dream-like, or like it had been in a movie.
Five people in a field, vectoring in a massive triangular spacecraft one to
three football fields in size, signaling to it, preparing for it to land, signaling
good-bye to it
    During this debriefing, we discussed many issues, including the camera
failure and simultaneous departure of the ETS. But a real-time recording of
my comments that morning revealed personal concerns about the security
of the site, concerns which, as you will see, were somewhat prescient.
Here's a quote from the transcript of the actual tape: Steven Greer:
"Number one, ...I think there are other considerations---again THEIR
security. They are '. 9/n a mission here and they have certain security
requirements. And_         mber two, the location where we are doing this.
There's a road that connects two towns that goes along right adjacent to
the field. There are people up at that hour. We don't know who has guns
and who doesn't... So it's not a totally secured site... I'm quite sure they
(the Ec1',$) had concerns about the site."
     That night, February 2nd, we set out for the field in a steady, cold rain.
We remained in the cars with the rear of the cars backed up to each other.
 Both the rain and the previous night's experience with the cameras
                                     Page 10
convinced us to leave the cameras packed. Then, at 9:36 p.m. an ETS
was seen again, directly over the pyramid mountain - right at the apex of
the pyramid where Jeff and I had been standing the day before. Barbie
Taylor and I saw it clearly through the binoculars. It was amber-colored,
moving to the west towards Mount Popo under a cloud ceiling of about
12,000 feet.                   r


     Then, at around 10:30 p'.       I sensed dangQ         the west of the field.
We saw someone with a light, acting as if he WM Imitating our overhead
light work. Suddenly, a powertul gunshot blast echoed through the area
and I remotely viewed, but could not physically see, a figure headed our
way across the field. Sensing a serious danger to the team, I asked that
we all evacuate the area, with lights off, and rendezvous on the paved
road. The team responded immediately and left without incident. Jeff later
confirmed that he saw a figure coming across the field, and was half-way to
 us when I gave the order to leave.
      It appears the concerns expressed that morning about the security of
our site were well-founded! In retros ect we were thankful for the rain,
 because it forced us to stay n thecars id asked up              _
     Some of the    members  of the team    were  fairly shaken-up by this event,
 but after about 30-45 minutes of debriefing, , we settled into a new site
directly adjacent to the road. Then, at 11:45 pm , the exact same time as
the previous night's CE-5, we saw the same huge triangular spacecraft
floating silently along the ridge just to our northeast. This time it was only
100-200 feet in the air, and we could see two of the three apex lights, and
the central red light underneath the structure. Then, as I said, "Do CTS,
 and get the light out to signal to it ", it instantly illuminated massive lights
which dramatically filled the humid air in front of the craft! Was this, too, a
 coincidence, or had they heard my voice, or even detected the thought
form?
     At this point it moved below our level on the other side of the ridge, and
 we never saw it emerge from that area again.


DAY FIVE - Wednesday, February 3, 1993

     This was our last full day in Mexico, and we took much of the day to
relax and reflect on the momentous events of the previous 48 hours. G
    We found another site near some old ruins, and arrived at 9:2O- -m - As
soon as we arrived on site, as we were getting out of our cars, we saw a
brightly-lit craft, again over by the pyramid mountain. Through binoculars, it
appeared to be the triangular craft. ..ltwas moving from the east-southeast
to west-southwest position. When I flashed to it, it emitted a very large
beam of light in response.
                                     Page 11
     At 9:40 p.m., we saw anoti r ETS, silently moving towards the pass
below Popo and izzy. Towardslhe end of the sighting, it began to emit a
bright strobing light, very similar to the craft videotaped by s me villagers
earlier. We noted that we had a sighting~l         i ht~t 9:36       about the
same time.
    Suddenly, at 10:35 p.m., we saw two disc-shaped craft floating by in
tandem, with rotating colored lights apparent. Joe Burkes signaled to them,
and one flashed back in response. This sighting lasted seven minutes, and
the craft moved from east to west, over the pyramid mountain. Again, they
were silent.
    Then at 11:40 p.m, we again saw the familiar triangular craft, some
distance away, again near the pyramid-shaped mountain, moving
eastward. While signaling to it, the craft became much brighter for a brief
period then dimmed back down, moving behind a ridge directly to our
north-northeast.
    We left this site at 2:00 a.m. to, as Shan Adamiak stated, "get some
good rest for our long drive tomorrow, and having to deal with the shake-
down factor in Mexico City." How True.!
     Before leaving Day Five, I should note that Joe Burkes, Barbie Taylor`I
and Jeff Baker had visited a village near our research site earlier in the day
While at a local restaurant they saw a daylight flying disc, at fairly close
 range, for a few seconds before it disappeared into a cloud. Dr. Burkes
saw rectangular porthole-like structures and estimated it at 20-30 feet in
diameter, approximately one-half mile away.
     As it turned out, this brief sighting was a prelude to three more daylight
discs which would "buzz" our team during our final 24 hours in Mexico.


DAY 6 - Thursday, February 4th, 1993
          almost unbelievabl hv at has` happened      t1sS   ew days. What
might be achieved if we could send a beam down, to an even more remote
and secure site, for two or three weeks? With some reluctance, (and with
some dread concerning what might await us back in Mexico City), we left
our village and got on a toll road outside Pueblo.
     At 10:40 am., directly ahead of us in a crystal blue sky, Barbie Taylor
and I saw a brilliant silver disc. It hovered briefly in front of us, then
streaked off to the east and disappeared.
    To our astonishment, five minutes later another one - or the same one
returning - did the same thing! As it hovered in front of us, we got the
distinct impression that this was a send-off, a good-bye of some sort. But it
was not the final good-bye

                                   Page 12
    For as Shan and I sat on our Delta flight and taxied out onto the Mexico
City runway, yet another silver disc appeared, hovenng briefly, and then
was lost behind a billboard. It was time to go home


PostScript -

    In about one year, the CSETI team has had         a


                                                           massive triangular
spacecraft hover in a cloud overhead in Belgium (January 1992); hasten —
greeted by 4 ETS outside Pensacola Florida - signaling with them for 10-15
minutes; has witnessed a SET1-conceived and projected design appear in ---
a field as a crop circle i July 1992; has witnessed the near landing of a--
100 foot diameter ET craft 'Which signaled with us in a field at Afton Barnes,
England (July 27, 1992); and now has made contact on multiple occasions
in the volcanic zone of Mexico City.
    What the coming months and years will bring can only be discerned in
part. But of this we are certain: we have begun a journey which will take
us to the stars and back, and which will change the world as we know it.
    We invite all those who are sincerely interested in a peaceful,
international approach to extraterrestrial contact and relations to loin us.


                                   Page 13
