{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T13:23:20Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3693129, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116947-evaluating-the-validity-of-national-security-oaths-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "132b59366b86758077ef93d4005b4ade9d9abcc2136de015b71f19d7ef89cb75"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 476, "chars": 3145, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EVALUATING THE VALIDITY OF NATIONAL SECURITY OATHS
RELATED TO THE UFO/EXTRATERRESTRIAL SUBJECT
copyright 1996 Steven M. Greer M.D.
A number of first hand military, intelligence and government-associated witnesses to covert
projects dealing with UFOs and Extraterrestrial Intelligence (EI]) have been identified by
SEITs Project Starlight effort. Over the past three years, we have located several dozen such
potential witnesses as part of a comprehensive strategy to collect adequate evidence for a global,
definitive disclosure on this subject. The story which these important government witnesses can
tell will make a credible, undeniable case for the reality of UFOs and the existence of
extraterrestrial life forms in proximity to the earth.
One of the persistent obstacles to this testimony coming out into the public arena has been the
issue of so-called national security oaths and restrictions placed on these witnesses. Some feel
that they are not free to speak unless 'released' from these national security oaths and restrictions,
and so we have been working to encourage Congress and the White House to take actions which
would remove these restrictions.
In the summer of 1995, a number of these witnesses gathered at a witnesses summit, and we all
signed a letter to President Clinton asking him to take actions leading to the release of these
restrictions. While receipt of this letter was acknowledged by a special assistant to the President,
we still await specific action from the executive branch of the US government.
With this said, it is important to visit the question of whether or not such national security oaths
and restrictions are themselves legally valid
We have compelling witness testimony that the operations dealing with this subject currently
exist, and have existed for several decades, outside of normal governmental projects. Members
of the Project Starlight Team have met with very senior members of the Administration,
Congress, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the CIA and other relevant government agency operatives
The picture which emerges from these discussions is that of an operation dealing with UFOs
which is functioning outside of the normal channels of government, as it is usually considered
Indeed, we have found that the most senior levels of the executive branch, Congress, the military
etc. are totally out of the loop on this extraordinary matter.
This then brings up the sobering question of who is in the loop, and under what authorization are
such projects operating? It is our assessment that for the large part, these operations do not fall
under any constitutionally sanctioned avenues of authorization, and as such are, perforce, illegal.
Aside from the lack of oversight and authorization from the executive branch and Congress, these
operations have, from time to time, engaged in deceptive practices which have frustrated the
organs of constitutionally legal inquiries and democratic processes. Any such operation which
behaves in this fashion unilaterally removes itself from the inherent legality and protection which
exists for projects which are consonant with constitutional law.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 461, "chars": 2839, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This being the case (we are eager - nay, desperate- for someone to prove otherwise...) all of the
so-called 'national security oaths' and other 'restrictions' placed on military, intelligence and
government contract workers are null and void. That is, they appear to have no legal validity
since the operations for which they were obtained are themselves illegal. In a constitutional
democracy, it is a basic requirement of law that such operations be constitutionally legal, and if
they are not, then all that flows from them - including such 'oaths'- are illegal and therefore non-
binding. IF these operations are legal, nobody in the Congress, executive branch or senior military
with whom we have spoken knows of it. The production of a single current executive order or
congressional directive authorizing these projects, which can be independently verified, would
convice us otherwise.
More than one covert contact has told us that, indeed, any such witnesses can and should speak
out at the right time and place since no legal entity would - or legally could - do anything about
it.
We agree.
Beyond this, it is the legal, moral and patriotic duty of such witnesses to come together, and at
the highest, best and most credible venue possible, speak out in unison regarding the truth on this
matter.
Granted, if only one or two such persons come forward, the case will be weak, and the
risk will be unacceptable. But if ten, twenty or more such witnesses come together, and united,
resolve to share their information and experiences on this subject, then a definitive case will be
made, and a great service to the world and their country will be fulfilled.
The return of this matter to the legal channels of government and the deliberation of the people
is one of the great unfulfilled tasks of the post cold war era. Over half a decade has elapsed since
the end of the cold war, and there can no longer be a justification (if there ever was) for this type
of extraordinary secrecy and covert agenda. Both national and world security requires that this
matter be returned to the world community as soon as possible.
We recommend that men and women of vision, courage and dedication join with us in fulfilling
this task. Far from being a legal violation of 'security oaths', the public testimony by such
witnesses is a highly moral and legal act. Further, is it not true that the continuation of this
secrecy itself is illegal and immoral, given the inherent unconstitutionality of such programs?
Credible witnesses, joining together and providing their testimony in a united strategy can return
this subject to legal oversight and control, and thereby enable the people of our country and of
the world to begin the public deliberations which should have occurred 50 years ago.
21 October 1996
Steven M. Greer M.D.
Director of CSETI

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 90, "chars": 649, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FROM:
TO:
CC:
INTERNE
DATE:
I0721796 9:14 PM
Re:
Copy of: Validity of National Security Oaths re:UFOs
FYI and distribution as you see fit.
Steven M. Greer M.D.
Director of CSETITHS
RELATED TO THE UFO/EXTRATERRESTRIAL SUBJECT
copyright 1996 Steven M. Greer M.D.
A number of first hand military, intelligence and government-
associated witnesses to covert projects dealing with UFOs anc
Extraterrestrial Intelligence (ETI)
lave been identified by SETI'
Project Starlight effort.
Over the past three years, we have
located
several dozen such potential witnesses as part of a comprehensive
strategy to collect adequate
evidence for a global, definitive

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 445, "chars": 2871, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
disclosure on this subject.
The story which these important
government witnesses can tell will make a credible, undeniable
case for the reality of UFOs and the existence of extraterrestrial
life
forms
in proximity to the earth.
One of the persistent obstacles to this testimony coming out into
the public arena has been the issue of so-called national
security
oaths and restrictions placed on these witnesses.
Some feel that
they are not free to speak unless 'released' from these national
security oaths and restrictions, and
so we have been working to
encourage Congress and the White House to take actions which
would remove these restrictions.
In the summer of 1995, a number of these witnesses gathered at a
witnesses summit, and
we all signed a letter to President Clinton
asking him to take actions leading to the release of these
restrictions.
While receipt of this letter was acknowledged by
special assistant to the President, we still await specific action
the executive branch of the US government.
With this said, it is important to visit the question of whether or
not such national security oaths and restrictions are themselves
legally valid.
We have compelling witness testimony that the operations dealing
with this subject currently exist,
and have existed for several
decades, outside of normal governmental projects. Members of the
Project
Starlight Team have met with very senior members of the
Administration, Congress, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the CIA and
other relevant
government agency operatives. The picture which
emerges from these discussions is that of an operation dealing with
UFOs which is functioning outside of the normal channels of
government, as it is usually considered. Indeed, we have found that
the most senior
branch,
Congress, the
military etc. are totally out of the loop on this extraordinary
matter.
This then brings up the sobering question of who is in the loop,
assessment that for the large part, these operations do not fall
under
any constitutionally sanctioned avenues of authorization, and as
such are, perforce, illegal.
Aside from the lack of oversight and authorization from the
executive branch
and Congress, these operations have, from time
to time, engaged in deceptive practices which have frustrated the
organs of constitutionally legal inquiries and democratic processes.
Any such
operation which behaves in this fashion unilaterally
removes itself from the inherent legality and protection which
exists for projects which are consonant with constitutional law.
This being the case (we are eager - nay, desperate- for someone to
prove otherwise...) all of the so-called 'national security oaths'
other 'restrictions' placed on military, intelligence and government
contract workers are null and void.
That is, they appear to have no
legal validity since the operations for which they were obtained are

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 396, "chars": 2440, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
themselves illegal.
In a constitutional democracy, it is a basic
requirement of law that such operations be constitutionally legal,
and if they are not, then all that flows from them - including such
'oaths'- are illegal and therefore non-binding. IF these operations
are legal, nobody
in the Congress, executive branch or senior
military with whom we have spoken knows of it. The production
of a single current executive order or congressional directive
authorizing these projects, which can be independently verified,
would convince us otherwise.
More than one covert contact has told us that, indeed, any such
witnesses can and should speak out at the right time and place
since no legal entity would - or legally could - do anything about
it.
We agree.
Beyond this, it is the legal, moral and patriotic duty of such
witnesses to come together, and at the highest, best and most
credible venue possible,
this matter. Granted, if only one or two such persons come
forward, the case will be weak, and the risk will be unacceptable.
But if ten, twenty or more such witnesses come together, and
united, resolve to share their information and experiences on this
subject, then a definitive case will be made , and a great service to
the world and their country will be fulfilled.
The return of this matter to the legal channels of government and
the deliberation of the people is one of the great unfulfilled tasks
of the post cold war era. Over half a decade has elapsed since the
end of the cold war, and there can no longer be a justification (if
there ever was) for this type of extraordinary secrecy and covert
agenda.
Both national and world security requires that this matter
be returned to the world community as soon as possible.
We recommend that men and women of vision, courage and
dedication join with us in fulfilling this task. Far from being a
legal
violation of 'security oaths', the public testimony by such witnesses
is a highly moral and legal act. Further, is it not true that the
continuation of this secrecy itself is illegal and immoral, given the
inherent unconstitutionality of such programs? Credible witnesses,
joining together and providing their testimony in a united strategy
can return this
subject to legal oversight
and thereby
enable the people of our country and of the world to begin the
public deliberations which should have occurred 50 years ago.
21 October 1996
Steven M. Greer M.D.
Director of CSETI
