{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T11:02:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 20, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1364924, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116960-world-affairs-exposing-the-superpower-april-june-2004-with-dr-steven-greer-unacknowledged-threat.pdf", "source_sha256": "17975b4b51d0fd9cf217f33a143062cb6103a599802c2d03ebcb7053d38f1919"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 97, "chars": 704, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
WORLD
AFFAIRS
The Journal of International Issues
VOLUME EIGHT • NUMBER TWO
APRIL-TUNE 2004
EXROSING THE SUPERPOWER
ra ratin
AMERICA'S CLASSICAL SECURFEY, DILEMMA
ARMAND CLESSE
THE BLACK BUDGET OF THEYUNITED STATES
CHRIS SANDERS AND CATHERINE AUSTIN FITTS
THE UNACKNOWLEDGED THREA
STEVEN M GREER
THE ORIGINS OF AL-QAIDA
PIERRE-HENRI BUNEL
LINKS BETWEEN THE BUSH ADMINISTRATION AND AL-QAIDA
MICHEL CHOSSUDOVSKY
WASHINGTON'S GLOBAL DRUG CRUSADE
NEDD WILLARD
DEPLETED URANIUM: THE TROJAN HORSE OF NUCLEAR WAR
LEUREN MORET
DID AMERICA USE CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL WMDS IN IRAQ?
DAVID GUYATT
CAN THE UNITED STATES CORRECT ITSELF?
JAN NEDERVEEN PIETERSE
DOCUMENT
INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL TRIBUNAL FOR AFGHANISTAN

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 44, "chars": 301, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ERRATUM
We regret that the first quote of this article was erroneously deleted. It is as
follows:
In the councils of Goverment, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted
influence, whether sought or unsought, by the Military Industrial Complex
- President Dwight Eisenhower, January 1961
:

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 213, "chars": 1436, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
THE UNACKNOWLEDGED THREAT
SECRET AND COVERT OPERATIONS BY THE USA
Since the end of the Second World War, the US military industrial
complex has secretly sponsored at great public cost the RED of new
available for the common good. Yet today's environmental and economic
emergencies dictate that the accumulated know-how be used for the benefit
of mankind in its peaceful applications.
STEVEN M GREER
(There) exists a shadowy Goverment with its own Air Force, its own Navy,
its own fundraising mechanism, and the ability to pursue its own ideas of the
national interest, free from all checks and balances, and free from the law itself.
— Senator Daniel K Inouye :
The above address by two-term Republican US President and five
• star Army General Dwight Eisenhower was issued as a prescien
warning when he left office in 1961. Many have wondered why
such a conservative, pro-military president would issue such a warning. We
now know why.
The Disclosure Project, an NGO based in the United States, has identified
several hundred military, intelligence and corporate witnesses to illegal and
extra-constitutional projects that have suppressed information and prevented
public access to technologies which could provide a definitive replacement
for oil, coal, nuclear power and other conventional energy sources. These
technologies have been both acquired and developed by military and industrial
40
WORLD
AFFAIRS APR-JUN 2004 VOL 8 NO 2

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2454, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
;
THE UNACKNOWLEDGED THREAI
interests in the US, UK and other countries that have repeatedly. lied to or
withheld this information from legally constituted authorities and the public.
This information has the potential to completely transform the current state
of the world in the areas of However, such a culture of
technology, energy production,
propulsion,
the environment and
generally regarded justifiable
geopolitical issues related to oil and secrecy also created oppor-
energy supplies. In short, a tunities for abuse within the
sustainable, non-polluting and military, intelligence, cor-
affluent civilisation could be created
porate and laboratory complex.
by the wise application of these
technologies, and many of the most pressing crises facing the world
community could have been avoided because of the deliberate suppression
of such technological knowledge: While "national security concerns" have
been invoked as reasons for such secrecy, in reality the policy is driven by
the resolve to maintain the current "status quo" based on the pre-eminence
of oil and fossil fuels and related special interests.
By the time President Eisenhower left, a transformation had occurred in
the structure of Western military, intelligence and corporate programmes.
The urgent pressures of the nuclear arms race and the Cold War with the
Soviets had created an atmosphere of extreme secrecy, dwarfing the secret
infrastructure surrounding the Manhattan Project that built the atomic bomb
during the Second World War. The fate of the free world was at stake, and
no expense was spared to create the means to advance technologies within
the dark womb of secrecy. A culture evolved that required such secrecy for
national survival and the "need-to-know-only" requirements of such
programmes were further reinforced by the well-known espionage scandals
of that era, including that of the Rosenbergs.
However, such a culture of generally regarded justifiable secrecy also
created opportunities for abuse within the military, intelligence, corporate
and laboratory complex. Classified programmes, appropriately structured to
equire a genuine need-to-know situation in order for one to have access
to them, became increasingly "compartmented", restricted and shadowy.
Mechanisms for funding became Byzantine and obscure; programme structures
were hidden with cover stories, "store front" operations and became virtually
VOL 8 NO 2 APR-JUN 2004 WORLD AFFAIRS
41

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2244, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STEVEN
M
GREER
impenetrable; and the people within such programmes found themselves at
once increasingly isolated and strangely empowered.
It was in this womb, awash with billions of dollars of so-called "black
budget" funding, that extreme (and many would maintain essential) secrecy
gave birth to the monster of rogue, illegal and powerful "unacknowledged
Matters have decayed special access projects" (USAPs)
exponentially to the point that
dealing with a number of unusual
phenomena and technologies. In the
we estimate today some $ 100
world of USAPs, compart-
billion per year go into
mentalisation is so great, the need
unacknowledged programmes
to know so restricted and the
escaping the substantial
information so important, that
knowledge of the US president
meaningful supervision by the
constitutionally required authorities
and US Congress.
in the US, UK and other countries
became simply impossible. Here, "unacknowledged" means that nobody is
ever told about the project unless he absolutely needs to know and is
directly required to be involved in operations. Even if a senior official
inquires, the answer is "no such project exists."
Moreover, the milieu of the "revolving door" world of military,
intelligence and corporate programmes created corporate and financial
influences that ran counter to genuine "national security" interests or any
legitimate public interest. Especially in the United States, the multi-billion
dollar expenditures on military technologies, research and development
programmes and outsourced services and operations allowed for a comingling
of public finances and private interests. This, combined with the extreme
compartmentalisation of programmes, allowed for serious abuses of the public
trust to take place.
Ultimately, such programmes — networked carefully with other
programmes and corporate research — became so restrictive that legal
authorities were routinely and as a matter of course left out of the loop.
Ultimately, those left out of the loop would become members of Congress
and even the US president.
Indeed, when President Eisenhower left office, operations had become
so complex and out of control, that he was convinced he was being shut
42
WORID AFFAIRS APR-JUN 2004 VOL 8 NO 2

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 2245, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=
THE
UNAGENOWLEDGED THREAT
out of vital developments and operations. In the years since, matters have
decayed exponentially to the point that we estimate today some $100 billion
per year go into unacknowledged programmes escaping the substantial
knowledge of the US president and US Congress.
USAP AND ADVANCED ENERGY AND PROPULSION SYSTEMS
The "crown jewels of such USAPs ae those connected to very advanced
energy and propulsion systems. In the 1940s and 1950s, a concertec
effort was made to investigate a number of phenomena related to emerging
sciences, including those associated with electromagnetism and electro-
gravitic/magneto-gravitic technologies for their promising potential in creating
energy and propulsion systems valuable to urgent defence projects.
During that era, particular interest was paid to what the public call
UFOs (unidentified flying objects). It is important to note that the term
UFO was only coined after covert programmes discovered that such objects
were neither unidentified nor "flew" in any cooventional sense of the word.
Indeed, the majority of the information and culture associated with UFOs
is disinformation designed to deflect serious scientific, media or mainstream
governmental inquiry. People have been systematically deceived for half a
century.
UFOs well-documented aerial phenomena, some of which are extra-
terrestrial vehicles whereas others are advanced covert government aircraft
using energy and propulsion technologies that could transform life on earth.
It should be noted that the man-made devices are the result of illegally
classified research and development (and acquisition) of technologies as well
as the study of retrieved extraterrestrial vehicles.
Once technological breakthroughs were made, the secrecy associated
with these projects became extraordinary. Indeed, the clandestinity
surrounding these advanced energy and propulsion devices far exceeded the
secrecy that shrouded the development of the hydrogen bomb.
From a November 21, 1950 (authenticated) top secret Canadian
document:
I [the author] made discreet enquiries through the Canadian Embassy
staff in Washington who were able to obtain for me the following information:
VOL 8 NO 2 APR-JUN 2004 WORLD AFFAIRS
43

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2273, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STEVEN M GREER
•
a. The matter is the most highly classified subject in the United States
Government, rating higher even than the H-bomb.
b. Flying saucers exist.
c. Their modus operandi is unknown but concentrated effort is being
made by a small group headed by Dr Vannevar Bush.
d. The entire matter is considered by the United States authorities to be
of tremendous significance.
Putting aside the aura of silliness that surrounds the subject in pop
culture, the media and the tabloids, over 2000 pages of documents released
to the Disclosure Project by the US,
At the core of this enigma lies UK, Spanish and other governments
a body of science that dearly establish the importance of
eliminates in one generation
the matter at the time. Space here
the need for oil, fossil fuels
does not allow inclusion of even a
sampling of these documents but they
and the related pollution and
may be viewed, in part, on our
establishes a truly sustainable
website and reviewed in the book
world civilisation exemptfrom Disclosure by this author.
poverty as we know it.
Today, this subject usually elicits
laughter,
embarrassment and
dismissal. This is certainly understandable since at least 99 per cent of
everything said, written, filmed or otherwise placed in the public domain
on the subject is outright deception. But in the corridors of power — and
especially in the corridors of covert programmes — the matter is of utmost
importance. This is because at the core of this enigma lies a body of science
that eliminates in one generation the need for oil, fossil fuels and the related
pollution and establishes a truly sustainable world civilisation exempt from
poverty as we know it. The relentless ridicule associated with the UFO
subject matter is deliberate and staged: It hides a profound body of knowledge
dwarfing the changes that have transpired from the industrial revolution
until today by several orders of magnitude. In a letter to Congress, first CIA
Director Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter had this to say:
It is time for the truth to be brought out ...Behind the scenes, high-
ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about the UFOs. But
through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the
44
WORLD AFFAIRS APR-JUN 2004 VOL 8 NO 2

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 338, "chars": 2259, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE UNACENOWLEDGBD THREAT
unknown flying objects are nonsense. I. urge immediate Congressional
action to reduce the dangers from secrecy about unidentified flying.
objects...
We have identified nearly 500 military, corporate, intelligence and
laboratory witnesses to events and programmes connected to these matters.
The body of evidence is overwhelming and definitive. In May 2001, we
held a press conference at the National Press Club in Washington, DC at
which more than 20 such witnesses provided testimony and documents
regarding their direct, first-hand involvement in the subject. It was the
most-watched webcast in history, and ultimately over a million people
viewed the event over the Internet. The event was reported by CNN,
CNN International, major networks like the BBC, the Voice of America,
Pravda, the Chinese News Agency, Telemundo, The Washington Times and
other media around the world. Tens of thousands of people wrote to the
president and members of Congress asking for an investigation of the subject
and a general declassification of information.
And then September 11 happened. In view of the US Patriot Act and
other developments, including the Irag war, the US Congress has elected
not to pursue the matter. But the international community, which is greatly
harmed by the continued imposition of this secrecy, is the primary victim
and should be the prime mover in getting these matters investigated.
EXPERT WITNESSES AND TESTIMONY
•utticient evidence, documents, physical proot ana testimonies exist t
definitively make the case for the reality of the issue as well as its illeg
handling. Beginning in 1992, we met with senior government officials in
the US, UK, the United Nations and other agencies and discovered a
remarkable degree of interest in resolving this problem and obtaining a
general disclosure of the facts. The officials ranged from members of the US
Senate Intelligence Committee to the first acting CIA director under President
Clinton, including very senior admirals and generals at the Pentagon and in
the British General Staff. There is widespread agreement that the subject has
enormous implications for the future of humanity and that the secrecy has
become inexcusable.
VOL 8 NO Z APR-JUN 2004 WORLD AFFAIRS

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2086, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STEVEN
M
GREER
What has been lacking is the will to take meaningful action on the issue.
While interest and moral support for disclosure are high, fear is even greater.
Consider what some of these top secret "whistle-blower" witnesses have
said about this secrecy and the fear it engenders:
Brigadier General Stephen Lovekin: Army National Guard Reserves.
Asas ous predeficer he worked with President Eisenhower in the last
"And, I think that he felt like
he had not been vigilant. I
think he felt like he trusted
too many people. And
Eisenhower was a trusting
man. And I think that he
realised that all of a sudden
this matter is going into the
control of corporations that
coula very well act to the
detriment of this country."
But what happened was that
Eisenhower got sold out. Without
him knowing it, he lost control of
what was going on with the entire
UFO situation. In his last address to
the nation, I think he was telling us
that the military industrial complex
would stick (sic) you in the back if
you were not totally vigilant. And,
I think that he felt like he had not
been vigilant. I think he felt like he
trusted too many people. And
Eisenhower was a trusting man. And
I think that he realised that all of a
sudden this matter is going into the control of corporations that could
very well act to the detriment of this country.
This frustration, from what I can remember, went on for months. He
realised that he was losing control of the UFO subject. As far as I can
remember, that was the expression that was used, "It is not going to be
in the best hands." That was a real concern. And so it has turned out
ey bel bes discussed with me on rumerous ocussions witat coutt
happen to me militarily if I discussed this. I would say that the goverment
has done as good a job enforcing secrecy through the installation of
abject fear as they have done with anything within the memory of
modern man."
One older officer discussed with me what possibly could happen if
there was a revelation. He was talking about being erased and I said,
46
WORLD AFFAIRS
APR-JUN
2004
VOL
8 NO

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 353, "chars": 1979, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE UNACKNOWIBDGBD THRBAT
"Man, what do you mean erased?" And, he said, "Yes, you will be
erased — disappear." And I said, "How do you know all this?" And he
said, "I know." Those threats have been made and carried out. Those
threats started way back in
1947. The Army [and the] Air
"We were gone over with a
Force was given absolute Geiger counter and there was
control over how to handle this.
one return on one of the guys,
This being the biggest security
and something was taken out
situation that this country has
of his pocket. (He had picked
ever dealt with and there have
been some erasures ...
up an item from the retrieved
I don't care what kind of a
craft.) This guy was removed
person you are. I don't care
very quickly."
how strong or courageous you
are. It would be a very fearful situation because from what Matt [this
older officer] said, "They will go after not only you. They will go atter
your family," Those were his words. And, so I can only say that the
eason that they have managed to keep it under wraps for so long is
through fear. They are very selective about how they pull someone out
to make an example of. And I know that that has been done.
Lance Corporal Jonathan Weygandt: US Marine Corps, present at
a retrieval of a UFO in South America
"You weren't supposed to be there." "You are not supposed to see
this." "You are going to be dangerous if we let you go." I thought that
they were going to kill me, really...
Lethal, deadly force has been used. For those of you who don't know,
I know marine snipers and I have heard other guys talk about it and I've
heard that these guys go on the streets and they stalk people and they
kill them. I know that the Army Airborne snipers do the same thing.
They use Delta Force to go grab these people and silence them by
killing them.
Larry Warren: US Air Force, Security Officer, present during the •
landing of a UFO at Bentwaters Air Force Base in the UK
VOL 8
NO
2 APR-JUN 2004 WORLD AFFAIRS
dia, 4.
.=

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 354, "chars": 2077, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STEVEN M GREER
We were gone over with a Geiger counter and there was one return
on one of the guys, and something was taken out of his pocket. (He had
picked up an item from the retrieved craft.) This guy was removed very
quickly. And, I will swear on my life, I never saw him again. He was
removed. This happened to a lot of people. It led to a suicide that the
Air Force is responsible for. This is a real person with a real name...
Master Sergeant Dan Morris: US Air Forcé, NRO (National
Reconnaissance Office) Operative
I became part of a group that would investigate, gather the information,
and in the beginning it was still under the Blue Book, Snowbird and
different covert programmes. I would go interview people who claimed
they had seen something and try to convince them they hadn't seen
something or that they were hallucinating. Well, if that didn't work,
another team would come in and give all the threats. And threaten them
and their family and so on and so forth. And they would be in charge
of discrediting them, making them look foolish and so on and so forth.
Now if that didn't work, then there was another team that put an end
to that problem, one way or another.
Professor Robert Jacobs: US Air Force, who filmed a UFO
intercepting an early ICBM test
After an article [came out about the incident] ..I started being harassed
at work. I started getting odd telephone calls that would come during
the day. At night, at my house I would get telephone calls — all night
long sometimes - 3.00 in the morning, 4.00 in the morning, midnight,
10.00. People would call and start screaming at me. "You are going
down (unprintable expletive)! You are going down! And that's all they
would say." And they'd keep screaming that until I finally hung up the
phone.
One night somebody blew up my mailbox by putting a big load of
skyrockets in it. The mailbox went up in flames. And that night at 1:00
in the morning the phone rang. I picked it up and somebody said,
"skyrockets in your box at night, oh what a beautiful sight!"
48
WORLD AFFAIRS APR-JUN 2004 VOI 8 NO I

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2124, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE UNACKNOWLEDGED THREAT
And things like that have happened on and off since 1982.. "
I believe this nutty fringe around UFOs is part of a concerted effort to
keep serious study of it down. Anytime anybody tries to study this
subject seriously, we are subject to ridicule. Im a full protessor at a
relatively major university. And I'm certain that my colleagues at the
university laugh at me and hoot and holler behind my back when they
hear that I have an interest in "I believe this nutty fringe
studying unidentified flying
objects — and that's just one
around UFOs is part of a
of the things that we have to
concerted effort to keep serious
live with ...
study of it down. Anytime
What happened to the film
anybody tries to study this
is an interesting story in itself
subject seriously, we are subject
as Major Mansmann related to
to ridicule."
me and other people. Sometime
after I had gone, the guys in civilian clothes — I thought it was the CIA
but he said no, it wasn't the CIA, it was somebody else — took the film
and they spooled off the part that had the UFO on it and they took a
pair of scissors and cut it off. They put that on a separate reel. They put
it in their briefcase. They handed Major Mansmann back the rest of the
film and said here, "I don't need to remind you, Major, of the severity
of a security breach; we'll consider this incident closed." And they
walked off with the film. Major Mansmann never saw it again.
• Merle Shane McDow: US Navy Atlantic Command
These two gentlemen began. to question me about this event. They
were being pretty rough about it, to be honest with you. I remember
literally putting my hands up and saying, "Wait a minute fellows, I am
on your side. Just a minute." Because they were not really nice. They
were very intimidating and made it quite clear to the point that nothing
that was seen; heard, or witnessed, that transpired was to. leave this
building. You are not to say a word about it to your co-workers. And
off base, you just forget everything that you may have seen or heard
concerning this. It didn't happen...
VOLS NO Z APR-JUN 2004 WORLD AFFAIRS
49

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 408, "chars": 2280, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STEVEN M GREER
Major George A Filer, III: US Air Force (Retd.)
At times I used to carry nuclear weapons. In other words, I was mentally
tit to carry nuclear weapons, but I'm not mentally fit if I see a UFO.
This criticism and this ridicule have done more to keep the story coming
out than almost anything else.
John Callahan: FAA Head of Accidents and Investigations
... When they got done, they actually swore all these other guys in there
that this never took place. We never had this meeting. And this was
never recorded ...
This was one of the guys from the CIA. Okay? That they were never
there and this never happened. At the time I said, well I don't know
why you are saying this. I mean, there was something there and if it's
not the stealth bomber, then you know, it's a UFO. And if it's a UFO,
why wouldn't you want the people to know? Oh, they got all excited
over that. You don't even want to say those words. He said this is the
first time they ever had 30 minutes of radar data on a IF And ther
are all itching to get their hands onto the data and to find out what it
is and what really goes on. He says if they come out and told the
American public that they ran into a UFO out there, it would cause
panic across the country. So therefore, you can't talk about it. And they
are going to take all this data ...
.When the CIA told us that this never happened and we never had
this meeting, I believe it was because they didn't want the public to
know that this was going on. Normally we would put out some type
of a news release that such and such happened...
In short, so ruthless and unrelenting has been the secrecy associated with
these issues that no institution or leader to date has been willing to take the
matter on. Indeed, after we met with CIA Director James Woolsey in
December 1993 and recommended that President Clinton take direct
executive action to end the secrecy and facilitate a disclosure, we saw first
hand how great the fear was. A friend of the president visited us after this
meeting and informed us that it was felt that the president would "end up
like [President] John Kennedy if he did what we suggested." Of course, we
initially burst into laughter, until we were stopped and informed that such
50
WORLD AFFAIRS APR-JUN 2004 VOL & NO 2

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2223, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE UNACENOWIBDGED THREAT
concers were real. We were stunned. Until then, we had relegated such ..
concerns to the dustbin of conspiracy theories. But it appears that the fear
and ruthless control exercised by these projects around the world has
effectively kept the matter off the public radar screen. In our view, the
propagation of such fear as a tool
for control is a genuine form of "A friend of the president
international terrorism. Its effects visited us after this meeting
aie devastating: it has neutralised and informed us that it was felt
democratic processes and that the president would 'end
institutions, engendered paralysing up like. [President] John
fear, hijacked the future of
humanity, impoverished billions of
Rennedy if he did what we
people and decimated the earthly
suggested'."
environment in the span of one
human lifetime. Indeed, the harmful effects of such rogue secrecy exceed by
orders of magnitude the consequences of any terrorist organisation operating
today.
Subsequent meetings with members of Congress and other high officials
resulted in enormous concern — even consternation — but no action. We
repeatedly heard that many in senior positions were concerned with such
unsanctioned secrecy, but these officials would simply pass the buck to
others, saying "Why don't you meet with so and so on another committee
and get him to hold a hearing?"
Other witnesses have described these operations thus:
Dr Paul Czysz: McDonnell Douglas Career Engineer
The black budget world is like trying to describe Casper the friendly
ghost. You might see a cartoon of him but you don't know how big
he is, you don't know where his funding comes from, you don't know
how many there are because of the compartmentalisation and the oath
that people have to take. I know people today that worked on one of
the things that I worked on, and if you asked them about it — even
if it is being discussed on the Internet — they would say "No, I have
no idea what you're talking about." They're in their seventies now, but
they still would absolutely never admit that they even know what you're
talking about. You have no idea, but it's probably larger than you think.
VOL 8 NO 2 APR-JUN 2004 WORID AFFAIRS
* 51
:

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 317, "chars": 2024, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STEVEN M GREER
John Maynard: DIA Official
Of corporations involved in this matter, Atlantic Research Corporation
is one of the big ones. So it's not very often heard about. It's an insider
beltway bandit, if you want to call it that, very low profile, mostly has
all of its work done within Intelligence. TRW, Johnson Controls,
Honeywell; All of them at some point or another became involved with
the intelligence field. Certain works, activities were contracted out to
them. Atlantic Research was one of them — way back. These are
entities that were created out of people in the Pentagon to become a
"beltway bandit" — received projects, grants, and monies to do certain
projects that were so highly classified and compartmentalised that, you
know, only about four people would know what was going on. So it
was that tightly controlled.
Edgar Mitchell: Astronaut
Whatever activity is going on, to the extent that it is a clandestine
groun. a auasi-onvernment grain. a quaci-private group, it is without
any type, as far as I can tell, of high-level government oversight. And
that is a great concern.
Mitchell later made à statement to the media, reported in the St Petersburg
Times of February 28, 2004, "The Aliens have landed ...a few insiders
know the truth and are studying the bodies ..A cabal of insiders stopped
briefing presidents about extraterrestrials after President Kennedy."
Sergeant Clifford Stone: US Army
...They immediately come out and say, "Oh, we can't keep secrets, we
can't keep secrets." Well, the truth is, yes, we can.
The National Reconnaisance Office remained secret for many, many
years. The mere existence of the NSA remained secret. The development
of the atomic weapon remained secret until once you exploded one you
eventually had to tell some people what was going on.
...I had classified documents the Air Force acknowledged. When I
got members of Congress to help me open up more files, they were
immediately destroyed and I can prove this.
52
WORLD AFFAIRS APR-JUN 2004 VOIL B NO 2
- -

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2115, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE UNACENOWLEDGED THREAT
When Congress did their review of the way we protect documents
and the way we go ahead and implement our secrecy programmes, they
found that you had special
access programmes within
"The black budget world is
special access programmes —
like trying to describe Casper:
that it was essentially impossible
the friendly ghost. You might
to keep control of them all by
see a cartoon of him but you
Congress. And, I'm telling you • don'tknow how big he is, you
right now; it is essentially
don'tknow where his funding
impossible to keep control of
them all.
comes from, you don't know
When it comes to UFOs, the
how inany there are because
same criteria [sic] applies.
of the compartmentalisation
Therefore, only a small nucleus
and the oath that people have
within
the intelligence
to take."
community, numbering less
than a hundred — no, I'd suggest less than 50 — control all that
information. It is not subject to congressional review or oversight at all.
Dr Robert Wood: McDonnell Douglas Aerospace Engineer
As you may know, when you get cleared for one of these classified
programmes you wear your special badge and you know you can talk
to anybody who's in the room with a lot of candour and it feels like
that's one's psychological group — there's a lot of camaraderie that
builds up. And you had access to special libraries. So one of the things
that we could do is go up to the library that the Air Force ran and sort
of paw through top secret material. Since I was interested in UFOs,
when I had some usual business to take care of, I'd also look in their
library to see what they had on UFOs. And for about a yeat I was
getting quite a few hits on the subject about various reports. Then all
of a sudden, the whole subject material vanished. The entire classification
for the subject just vanished. The librarian in our group that I was
working with said he'd been in that vault for twenty years and knew..
exactly how things were normally done. He said, "This is remarkable!"
He said, "I've never seen that before, you just don't have a whole
VOL B NO 2 APR-JUN 2004 WORLD AFPAIRS

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2190, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STEVEN M GREER
subject vanish out from under you." He said, "I think there is something
there that you hit on..."
In the meantime, there was one other thing that came about as a
result of my association with Jim
I'dalso look in their [Air Force] McDonald (a well-known UFO
library to see what they had
scientific investigator). I liked the
on UFOs. And for about a
guy; he was really an energetic
year I was getting quite a few
physicist and wouldn't let any grass
hits on the subject about
grow under his feet. When he got a
case he would dig his teeth into it
various reports. Then all of a
and present an overwhelmingly
sudden, the whole subject
convincing story to professional
material vanished ... there is
societies. He would talk to the
something there that you hit
American Institute of Aeronautics
oh ...
and the American Physical Society,
and I happened to be members of
both. So whenever he was in town I would pick him up, escort him,
made sure he felt welcome.
So once
when I was travelling through Tucson, where he lived, I
stopped — I had a two-hour layover to catch an airplane — and he
came out to the airport to have a beer with me. I said, "What's new,
Jim?" He said, "I think I've got it." I said, "What do you think you
got?" He said, "I think I got the answer." I said, "What is it?" He said,
"I can't tell you yet. I have got to be sure." It was six weeks after that
that he tried to shoot himself. A couple months after that he finally died
Knowing what I think I now suspect about the skills of our counter
intelligence people, I think we had the capacity to convince him to do
it himself. I think that's what happened...
Clearly in order to have effective control of this subject, you have to
control it at all levels and the most obvious level is the media. So you
have to look at all the kinds of media there are, the movies, the magazines,
and of course in the early days that's all it is, newspapers and movies and
magazines. Now we have the Internet and video and all those other
sorts of things. But as the technology has blossomed in these other
avenues, the people worrying about this control have also just moved
54
WORLD AFFAIRS APR-JUN 2004 VOL 8 NO 2

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2384, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE UNACKNOWIEDGED
THREAT
into those avenues right along with them. So every time a new avenue
comes up they have a new counterpoint.
The reader should note that we have gathered nearly 500 such
credentialled witnesses from every He said, "I think I've got it." I
agency and branch of the military,
said, "What do you think you
as well as select corporations
involved in the secrecy.
got?" He said, "I think I got the
The group maintaining this
answer." I said, "What is it?"
secrecy, at least at a policy level,
He said, "I can't tell you yet. I
numbers some 200-300 individuals
have got to be sure." It was six
for a number of countries and
weeks after that that he tried to
represents a powerful array of
interests including those connected
shoot himself. A couple months
to financial, technological, security,
after that he finally died.
religious, media, political and scientific areas. In 1993, contacts in this group
stated to us that about a third of those involved were in favour of ending
the secrecy and a tread dishese ef the fasts, as of estay we stimate wee
40 per cent hold this opinion. Those who think that such a group could
not get away indefinitely with such secrecy are right. We have obtained
sufficient actionable intelligence, sources and documents to make the case.
We have names, programme code numbers, the locations of operations and
corporate programmes and related vital intelligence. But to whom will this
information be disclosed and to what end?
Since the secrecy related to these technologies and operations is rogue,
unconstitutional and harmful, any legitimate governmental or international
body could hold a hearing at which witnesses and evidence could be presented.
Legal and national security experts associated with the Disclosure Project
have determined that, since the secrecy is unregulated and outside the
bounds of the law, the leaders of such projects have no legitimate right to
enforce such secrecy. This means those persons holding secrets are no longer
constitutionally bound by any past or current secrecy oaths. This assessment
has been shared with senior governmental officials and to date no entity or
official has challenged this position.
Significantly, during the preparation and in the aftermath of the above-
mentioned National Press Club event, none of the whistle-blowers or staff
VOL 8 NO 2 APR-JUN 2084 WORLD AFFAIRS
55

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 2032, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
t...
SIBVEN M GREER
D the Disclosure Project have been he nod or lenced as alo for the
illegal nature of the secrecy. Hence, no legal entity can insist on silence.
A CALL FOR REVELATION
side from these legal arguments, there is a compelling moral and ethical
reason to end the secrecy. First, humanity is suffering needlessly due to
the continued withholding of vital scientific and technological knowledge
acquired through these programmes.
The group maintaining this
These technologies allow for the
secrecy, at least at a policy extraction of useful energy from the
level, numbers some 200-300
so-called quantum vacuum state.
individuals from a number of This means that every village in
countries and represents a
Africa or India could have an off-
the-grid energy source that extracts
powerful array of interests
energy from the space around the
including those connected to
device, with no need for the burning
financial, technological,
of fuels or transmission lines from
security, religious, media,
central utilities. Such "free energy"
political and scientific areas.
generators would utterly transform
the current, seemingly hopeless
world situation as regards poverty, pollution, economic stagnation and the
Second, the world stands to gain from new critical technology. The
implications of replacing fossil fuels and nuclear power with these new,
advanced energy and propulsion systems cannot be overstated: every aspect
of life on earth will be affected and a truly sustainable, technologically
advanced civilisation can be built. The developing world can bypass the
stage of industrial pollution and expensive centralised utilities and go directly
to point-ot-use power generation. As abundance grows exponentially,
educational opportunities will increase. Global warming will cease and
pollution generally will be brought under control. Desalinating sea water
will become inexpensive and help prevent desertification and resource
depletion. And we will have no more oil wars.
56
WORLD AFFAIRS
APR-JUN
2004 VOL 8 NO 2

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2518, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE UNACKNOWIEDGED
IHREAT
Third, disclosure of these secret programmes is not without its potentially
negative consequences. It may be argued that such a new technology could
have destabilising military applications. This is no doubt true — every new
technology can be harnessed for war. But this brings up an important point:
are we, as a civilisation, prepared
There is a compelling moral
to see humanity commit planeticide
- the killing of an entire planet
and ethical reason to end the
— just so we can avoid the respon
secrecy. First, humanity is
sibility of creating a peaceful world?
suffering needlessly due to the
The state of the world will not be
continued withholding of vital
significantly improved by tinkering
scientific and technological
around the edges of oil, coal, solar
knowledge acquired through
or wind power, and we are facing
a cruel future of environmental
these programmes.
decay, impoverished exploding populations, global instability and war. This,
while a comprehensive solution to these problems sits in a black box.
Hence, it is time for these technologies to be properly and carefully
disclosed and applied. The International Court of Justice and other
international agencies must take a leadership role in investigating and disclosing
the facts, and facilitating the release of these new energy and propulsion
systems. The Disclosure Project stands ready to provide full information and
briefings to governmental leaders, institutions and agencies.
The international community must investigate these issues — and stop
looking the other way. Illegal secrecy, withholding solutions to our most
pressing concerns, is one of the greatest moral and political crises of our
time, if not the greatest one. The time has come that this publicly funded
but "hijacked" research be made available for the benefit of all of humanity.
That six billion humans continue to live in a manner that cannibalises our
home planet while solutions are deliberately and with malice withheld
cannot be allowed. No matter how great the financial or other interests may
be in propping up the dying oil economy, we cannot let our oil addiction
drag the entire body of humanity down with it.
Instead, with courage and care, let us disclose the truth, and allow these
wondrous new sciences to provide humanity with the means to live peacefully
and in abundance on earth. This is no utopian dream. We already have the
means to create such a world. Now we must find the will. I
VOL 8 NO 2 APR-JUN 2.004
WORLD
AFFAIRS
