{"created_utc": "2026-09-08T12:42:15Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 181939, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304077422243778, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/116977-project-starlight-points.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540626330000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/116977-project-starlight-points.pdf", "source_sha256": "9884486de44158fad1f0f929b531f35d02bd183b0defe6c6e1328b860b4ff416"}

SUMMARY OF POINTS REGARDING
                        PROJECT STARLIGHT
                  FOR THE CLINTON ADMINISTRATION


PROJECT STARLIGHT is a program spearheaded by CSETI (The Center
for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence) to educate world leadership
and the world's population regarding the reality of UFOsfETl. Key points
include:
A   It is our sincere intention to cooperate with the U:S. government, the
    United Nations, and other governments, and to conduct the briefing
    process and the Announcement so that neither the Administration nor
    the government in general is harmed. We invite active U.S. government
    participation in this process and feel that for a number of reasons it is in
    the best interests of the Administration to do so.
a Project Starlight has commitments of assets, both evidential and in the
  form of key first-hand, credible witnesses to make an undeniable case
  for the extraterrestrial origin of these objects. These assets include day
  and nighttime videotape footage, photographs, radar tapes, pilot cases,
  landing trace cases, and the important testimony of former government
  and military officials from the U.S., Europe, and Russia who have
  knowledge of this subject, in several instances including knowledge of
  spacecraft wreckage and extraterrestrial bodies. These witnesses are
  willing to testify publicly before major media.
w
    Project Starlight has access to and offers of cooperations from major
    media, both print and electronic. These are respected mainstream
    media sources, not "tabloid" type.
e
    We are working with other leaders in society, here and abroad, who
    concur that now is the time to change current government policy to one
    of increasing openness and disclosure of evidence on this subject.
    The ending of the Cold War and the beginning of a new Administration
    provides a unique "window of opportunity" for such a change in policy
    and for the cooperative disclosure of evidence (See position paper
    "Strategies and Rationale for Changing Government Policy".)
                                       2

    To reduce the potential for a panic reaction in society, the
    Announcement should be spearheaded by civilian researchers and
    scientists. A government announcement alone may appear abrupt and
    alarming.
n   Failure to effect a change in policy and to provide disclosure on this
    subject by the        -   , may result in regrettable outcomes for the
    Administration because:
    1. The window of opportunity will have, been lost, insofar as the end of
    the Cold War would be a relatively distant event and the new President
    and his appointed officials would have lost the protective aspect of
    being new to their responsibilities.
    2. Given the current increasing trend in extraterrestrial activity and
    increasingly successful CSETI attempts to establish contact with these
    spacecraft (See CSETI Briefing Document), there is a very high
    probability that a major UFO event of a publicly undeniable nature will
    transpire before the current President's term expires in January, 1997.
    A controlled and well thought out Announcement and disclosure o
    evidence is much preferred over an uncontrolled and surprising event.
    While the former, if handled wisely, could have a unifying and beneficial
    effect on humanity, the latter would very likely have a negative and very
    destabilizing effect. Therefore, the highest risks are associated with
    non-disclosure.
    3. By 1995, re-election concerns and other factors would make this;"
    process of disclosure increasingly risky due to the competitive and
    divisive nature of political campaigns.
    4. Other governments are moving in the direction of disclosure on this
    subject, and the Japanese government is funding and has plans to open
    a major museum on UFOs/ETl in 1996, before the current President's'
    term expires.
    5. Other civilian UFO groups who have a decidedly confrontativer
    approach to the U.S. government are building a base of both
    congressional and grass roots support which may prove embarrassingt
    to the government and military in the U.S. In contrast, Project Starlight is
    committed to working cooperatively with the U.S. government and
    avoiding language or evidence which would be harmful or
    embarrassing.
            G. There are other civilian groups which are framing this topic in
            alarmist, xenophobic and potentially conflict-oriented ways which will
            prove harmful to world stability and to the world's "consciousness." This
            potentially harmful trend would be contained by Project Starlight, which
            is committed to presenting this information in a scientific, non-alarming
            and hopeful manner.
    w We have learned that the other nations of the world are looking to the
      U.S. for leadership on this subject. Providing that leadership on a
      subject this important would strengthen the Administration's stature in
      the Post-Cold War era.
            Insofar as a majority of Americans hold that UFOs are real and are
            probably interplanetary spacecraft, the President would be viewed in a
            positive, courageous and possibly even heroic light for cooperating with
            such an Announcement and briefing process. Similarly, the public
            would become convinced that a new era had truly begun where
            government could be trusted to tell the truth; such a perception could go
            a tong way towards erasing the cynicism and mistrust which has
            developed since the assassination of Kennedy, the Vietnam War,
            Watergate and other scandals. it would certainly be convincing
            evidence that the Administration is sincere about building a "new
            covenant" with the people and would fulfill the promise of a new
            openness in government. Mr. Woolsey's comment on "Larry King Live"
            on November 30, 1993, that the Administration wished to "disclose
            historical material" in a spirit of new openness would be fulfilled by a
            cooperative relationship with Project Starlight.
    c       We are sincerely dedicated to fulfilling this project in a way which would
            be a positive event for humanity. We are acutely aware of the profound
            implications this project might have, both positive and negative, on
            humankind, in general, and on economic and other systems, in
            particular, and are therefore making all efforts to prevent a negative or
            alarmist tone from creeping into the message. U.S. government
I           cooperation in this project would assist us in this goal, and specifically
1           could serve to calm the financial markets in the period of the
            Announcement.

            A major, media project, plus a major east coast U.S. newspaper will
            probably be completing large scale investigative reports on this subject
        c


            in the next 12 months. These projects, which are very high quality and
                                      4

    credible,will
                  be seen by millions and probably hundreds of millions of
    people. Along with Project Starlight, which will conduct briefings and an
    Announcement with or without government cooperation, this subject,
    and the U.S. government's connection to it, will be known by a very
    large segment of the population. The Administration would be best
    served by positioning itself in a cooperative, open, disclosing manner
    during this process. To do otherwise would be to increase suspicion
    and mistrust of government in general and the Administration in
    particular.
R   Government cooperation and involvement with Project Starlight would
    afford government valuable input into the process, content and timing of
    these events. A passive or non-cooperative stance would of course
    have the opposite effect.
e
    In any case we do not desire, nor do we recommend, the disclosure of
    certain _valid secret projects which are vital to national security or to
    future defense readiness, including projects at Nellis Air Force Base  in'


    area S4, which apparently deal with reverse engineering extraterrestrial
    technology for human applications.
irrespective of the level of U.S. government involvement or cooperation, we
wish to assure you that we intend to conduct this project in a way which will
not harm the President, the military, the Government or the society ih
general. However, due to the high likelihood of extraterrestrial-human
interactions in general, and extraterrestrial contact by CSETI research
teams specifically, which may be imminent, we are committed to fulfilling
this project within the coming year. Furthermore, we are carefully and
systematically thinking through what needs to be included in an extendedt
effort that will assure that the response to this Announcement is positive
and full of hope. We welcome and invite your participation.
