{"created_utc": "2026-08-20T00:35:11Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 9069262, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117008-close-encounters-of-the-5th-kind-contact-in-southern-england-july-1992.pdf", "source_sha256": "e13e5ae5aa34ff4e1d49caf6d859ec9b3cad81106823cf2f704a7232d877e39b"}

LCSETI Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: Contact in Southern England. July 1992


                  CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE 5TH KIND:
                     CONTACT IN SOUTHERN ENGLAND

                                          JULY 1992


                                An Interpretive Report


                                                 by


                               Steven. M. Greer M..D. .
                          International Director otCSETI


                                 Thisis an orally dictated narrative
                                   which reflects data concerning;'
                                  -this event as ofNovember 1992:... ...         . 'E
               CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE 5TH KIND:
                 CONTACT IN SOUTHERN ENGLAND

                                JULY 1992

                         An Interpretive Report
                        by Steven M. Greer M.D.
                    International Director of CSETI

Introduction

    For many years we have received reports of extraordinary crop circle
formations in the fields of southern England. Over the past decade these
have evolved from simple circles and circular shaped arrangements to
complex pictograms, often several hundred feet in length. In my
discussions with Colin Andrews, who is the chief crop circle researcher in
England, I increasingly became convinced that these were under intelligent
design and were not of human origin. Time does not allow           o go into
the full analysis of these crop circles but suffice it to say that there is
convincing evidence that these crop circles are of extramundane origin. In
the detail of the crop circle formations themselves, as well as cell wail
changes in the crop stalk and radionucleotide findings in the soil within the
crop circles, we have found evidence of a technologically mediated process
resulting in these extraordinarily beautiful formations.

   The big question has always been: From whence did these crop circles
come, who is responsible for them, and what is their purpose? In England
and elsewhere, a myriad of theories abound which explain these crop
circles as everything from earth consciousness herself creating shapes to
warn mankind of future earth changes, to intelligent energies such as
angels or fairies which are creating these shapes through interacting with
our environment. However, this author has noted that over the years there
have been substantial credible and close range sightings of UFOs in the
area where these crop circles have been appearing. One of the long
standing hypothesis surrounding the formation of these crop circles is that
they are being directed by an extraterrestrial civilization for purposes not
yet fully elucidated.
   It was our assessment at CSETI that these crop circles were most likely
of extraterrestrial origin an given reports from Colin Andrews and others,
that there was potential for an interactive aspect to this phenomenon.


                                   Page 1
CSETI Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: Contact in Southern England. July 1992


        A number of crop circle researchers, including Colin Andrews, have related
        to me episodes where there appears to be clear interaction between
        humans and the crop circle makers, whoever they may be. With this
        information at hand, the CSETI leadership discerned that it would be a
        worthwhile project to take a team of CSETI investigators to southern
        England to investigate this phenomenon and to determine, if possible,
        whether or not these crop circles were due to extraterrestrial intelligences
        interacting for some purpose with our planet. It is important to note that in
        this crop phenomenon we have extraordinary evidence of something
        clearly nonhuman and yet under intelligent control leaving undeniable
        evidence in the fields of southern England and, increasingly, other
        countries around the world. We theorized that if these were under
        intelligent control by an extraterrestrial civilization, they were obviously
        attempting to get our attention'~and engage us on some level. Because of
        this, we felt it appropriate to devise some means of engaging this
        intelligence and to interact with it, if possible.

            Here, a brief review of the CE-5 Initiative would be useful. The Center
        for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence has as its chief research
        program the CE-5 Initiative, which stands for Close Encounters of the Fifth
        Kind Initiative. The purpose of this project is both scientific and diplomatic.
        That is, we have assessed that there is likely extralerrestnai involvement
        with the planet at this time, and that it is necessary f'r humans to mount a
        deliberate, peaceful, and global initiative to establish a sustainable
        relationship using both scientific and diplomatic principles with these
        peoples. By using a number of protocols (which are described elsewhere in
        the CSETI papers) the intention of the CSETI CE-5 Initiative research
        teams is to establish a confirmed human initiated or human cooperative
        contact with any and all extraterrestrial civilizations which maybe involved
        with this planet at this point in history. This research project is admittedly
        visionary; however, it is also very practical. If, as evidence certainly
        suggests, this planet is being observed by, and interacted with..;-
        extraterrestrial peoples. then it is incumbent upon the citizens of this planet
        to mount an appropriate response, the chief purpose being the
        establishment of a peaceful, mutual; and sustainable relationship between
        humans and these visitors.

              As far as the efforts of the other nations of this planet, if they are
        engaged at all in research into this phenomenon, they are doing it for
        primarily nationalistic purposes. Since there is no United Nations or
        international mandate to launch a serious diplomatic initiative to these
        visitors. CSETI has determined that citizens of like mind and with high
        purpose are warranted in gathering together to do this important research.


                                              Page 2
CSETI Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: Contact in Southern England. July 1992


         in this sense, the CE-5 initiative is a citizen's diplomacy project which aims
        to empower world citizens to contact and subsequently establish a
        sustainable relationship with any and all extraterrestrial civilizations which
        may be involved with the Earth.

              Certainly, in the case of the crop circle phenomenon in southern
        England, we have evidence of an extraordinary nonhuman involvement
        with the planet which has been asking for some type of response. It is our
        considered opinion that mere scientific measurements of the circles and
        passive observation of the night sky is inadequate. We have determined
        that we are dealing with something more than a mere natural phenomenon
        worthy of passive observation. Since it has been determined that not only
        are these crop circles under intelligent control, but have an interactive
        component, it is incumbent upon any researchers to determine what
        relationship they wish to achieve with the crop circle makers themselves.
        By this, I mean, it is necessary for the serious researcher to determine what
        relationship would be appropriate and sustainable with the intelligence
        behind the crop circle formations. At CSETI, we have determined that the
        most important aspect of any such initiative is in the human motivations
        which are driving it. It is essential that the purpose of the project itself and
        its individual members be that of a genuine interest in establishing a
        sustainable and peaceful relationship, and not centered around any
        mundane or self-centered objective. In a field beset by commercialism.
        grandstanding, and turf battles, this, of course, is no mean feat. This is a
        project which includes not only scientific process, but also a diplomatic
        initiative, and beyond that, a spiritual journey in the as yet unchartered area
        of inter species communication.
              It is important to note that the following report is admittedly an
        interpretive one. Shari Adamiak, who is coordinator of RMIT (Rapid
        Mobilization Investigative Team) activities, is writing a detailed event-
        oriented report for analysis. The purpose of this report is to record not only
        the significant events which occurred, but also our interpretation of them,
        our assessment of the situation, and to convey those conclusions which we
        feel are warranted at this point. It is important in any field of endeavor to
        state what one's assessment is, what conclusions, if any, can be drawn,
        and to interpret to the extent possible the events which have been
        experienced and seen. What follows is.Rnot only an account of the events
        which occurred, (there      rbutWtualso an interpretation of those events
        which is intended to assist us in formulating a comprehensive
        understanding of this phenomenon.


                                              Page 3
CSET✓I Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: Contact in Southern Engiand. July 1992


             Before beginning the body of this report, I would like to thank Colin
        Andrews, who is head of Circle Phenomenon Research, for his assistance
        in organizing this research effort, for his support, and for his vision. Without
        his skilled assistance. I am quite certain that this project could not have
        been realized. In addition, I would like to thank Polly and Tim Carson who
        graciously allowed us the use of their 1.800 acre farm at Alton Barnes for
        this very important research initiative. They were gracious, loving, and they
        are extremely special individuals who I believe are at the right place at the
        right time.
            Additionally, I would like to thank the other members of the research
        team: Shan Adamiak, Ron Russell, Maria Ward, Peter Russell of London,
        and others who were able to withstand the rigors       i tr.
        which as you will see, involves staying out until thr                   g,
        night after night, over the period of ten days. I w '- -               ;e
        here publicly the dedication and sincerity of all ti         jV>       >is
        effort. The reader should note that this project                       us
        amount of effort on the part of all participants. Ke                   se
        who participated have full time jobs, have famifi~
        and that they paid for their expenses for this trip o,   _              is
        truly moving to see the level of dedication which a number of people have
        found in pursuing this important project.

         Prelude

            After some discussion, we determined that July 20th through 30th should
         be the dates for this initial research project for CSETI in the southern
         England area. A team of CSETI working group members;lwhich include --
         myself. Sha i Adamiak, Ron Russell, a Ph. D. Psychologist from Cincinnati,
         and oth     arrived between the 21st and 23rd. As a strange footnote, I
         arrived t London's Gatwick airport amid a thunderstorm and rather
         gloomy skies. After renting a car and driving towards Marlborough, the
         weather cleared as soon as I entered the southern England area of
         Wiltshire County. It is interesting to note that just as I was landing, an old
         church, several hundred years of age, was struck by lightning as was
         Woodborough Hill with three bolts of lightning striking the top of the hill
         simultaneously. Except fo~, r p~ne night, and that is the night of July 26th and
         early morning of the 27thWe enjoyed fine and clear weather every day that
         the research project continued. This I learned was in stark contrast to
         several weeks of rainy weather which resulted in a number of crop circle
         researchers getting stuck in muddy fields and going through other
         harrowing experiences related to the weather. We indeed felt fortunate as a
         team to be blessed with clear and fine weather for such a long duration.

                                               Page 4
CSETJ Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: Contact It, Southern England. July 1992


          particularly since our research requires us to be out in the element
          essentially from dusk-1if )e wee hours of the morning, usually until three ci—
          fotrf--ate: ;~,ti~;aoA

      •       I o not believe that any of us could have foreseen the magnitude f
                   which were to follow. In the coming nine days we were to
          events which, without a doubt, rank as some of the most extraordinary,
          multiply witnessed close encounters in the history of this phenomenon.
          Within these few days, our team was to successfully achieve contact with
          extraterrestrial intelligence on at least three major occasions, and as you
          will learn, probably on several other occasions. Certainly, I believe it can be
          stated without exaggeration, that the lives of everyone involved was
          changed forever by what they saw, what they felt, and what they
          collectively experienced.
              Our research location was on Woodborough Hill at the farm of.P ly and
          Tim Carson in Alton Barnes, in e county of Wiltshire in southern England.
          It should be noted that no ones          Colin Andrews and myself knew the
          precise location of this research site. However, the first night we arrived,
          there were at least 30 people who were not a member of the team who
          appeared at the site. This obviously created some logistical problems which
          took some creativity in resolving. To use a term favored by Dr. J. Allen
          Hynek. it did not take long for "high strangeness" to greet us in southern
          England. The first night we arrived on Woodborough Hill, there were people
          literally coming up through the fields, through the woods, and from all
          directions. They were converging on that spot as if expecting somethira
          Therefore, on the night of July 21st there were a number of people       -ad
          not been briefed on the project. For this reason, we endeavored to give a
          brief account for the purpose of describing the project and the processes
          which were to be used.
             One of the initial high strangeness events happened during this briefing.
          As I was discussing the CSETI protocols and the purpose of the research
          project, a number of unusual events transpired. I had brought to the site a
          radar detector (as is used in detecting radar for automobiles in the United
          States) which was hooked up to a portable battery. I was holding this radar
          detector while discussing the equipment we were using and the overall
          research project. Each time that I would get to a key point in the discussion
          - that is, at each point when a significant aspect of the project was being
          emphasised - the radar detector would spontaneously go off. At least 40
          people present that night saw this occur three separate times. People
          speculated that there was some sort of monitoring activity going on which
          signaled each time that the radar detector went off.

                                              Page
CSETI Report   Close Encounter of the 5th kind: Contact In Southern England. July 1992


      To this date, we have not been able to explain how or why the beeping
      detector was activated. And, at no other time during that evening or
      subsequent evenings, did this occur.

         It is also worth noting that on this first evening (July 21st) we did a brief
      coherent thought sequencing as sort of an orientation project. During this
      time, we visualized the double ended crystal ;             orothy and Burl Ives
      had sent with me. This is the primary shape th We were projecting that
      evening. It is interesting that the next day we learned that the most
      complex crop circle of the year to that date had appeared at East Moen and
      resembled in many respects the configuration and shape of that item. Of
      course, we cannot prove that this was related, but in many of our minds it
      was highly suggestive of events to come.

      The Progression of Contact
      On July 22, 1992, the research team assembled at approximately 9:30 p.m.
      During the coherent sequencing process, a metallic noise was heard by a
      number of people on the western side of Woodborough Hill. It appeared to
      be emanating from behind the group. Later investigation showed that
      those present in the group had not seen anything associated with this
      sound. It is interesting that on this night, we tried to reach consensus on a
      shape to project to the crop circle makers. The intention of this was to
      arnve at a shape which would be held by the group collectively, which
      could be painted in the sky with a high powered light, and which could be
      received by the crop circle makers and result in a confirmed authentic crop
      formation of the same shape. This, of course, would be a crop circle CE-5.
      The group discussed several different shapes. It was finally decided upon
      to utilize a triangular shaped structure. After a number of configurations, it
      was finally agreed upon that we would make a triangle which consisted of
      three circles joined by three pathways which would make an equilateral
      triangle.                          f

                              ~               J
          It is interesting~A5ote that in addition to this process, a large number of
       people on top of Woodborough Hill were able to see a scintillating ball of
       light in a field below our location over in the direction of Milk Hill. It was
       rather faint, and as darkness was groping, it was difficult to get an exact
       location of this object. The way that tlieLoblect scintillated and moved was
       very reminiscent of the strange disk'shaped object which was video taped
        in broad daylight, both in 1990 and in 1991 in the crop cjrçfe field areas. It
        is also interesting to note as a minor event, that at 1 :45    ., a brilliant ball
        of orange amber colored light appeared on the southeastern horizon on the

                                             Page 6
CSETI Report: Close Encounters of the .5th kind: Contact in Southern Engiand. July 1992


        wee hours of July 23. 1992. The light traveled upwards from the horizon to
        remain stationary for about three to four minutes. There was no sourd
        evident, no smoke trail, or any evidence of any conventional activity. As the
        light began to disappear, a white darting object was then seen moving
        rapidly along the edge of a cloud. An explanation for these events has not
        been reached.

            On July 23, 1992 a number of extraordinary events occurred which are
        worthy of note. As a prelude to the nights's activity, Maria Ward and
        Edward Sherwood were present earlier in the day near the Towsmead
        Copse, which is located directly below Woodborough Hill at Alton Barnes.
        when they heard a trilling sound, very much like what has been heard in the
        area of the crop circles over theG past several years. The research team
        gathered later at about 9:15      psrt: on Woodborough Hill and began the
        coherent thought sequencing process. It is interesting to note that Mana
        Ward and Edward Sherwood amved late and did not join the group
        immediately, but stayed in an area on top of Woodborough Hill separate
        from the group. Over the next few minutes, an extraordinary event
        occurred, whichwhile lacking objective clarification, may be very
        significant. Both Maria Ward and Steven Greer experienced a "mental
        override" which was conveyed as a specific shape over southern England.
        (An override during coherent thought sequencing is when an image which
        appears not to be self generated, i.e. imaginary, persists in the mind, and
        which appears to have some objective reality). Maria Ward again was
        sitting separately from the main group, and independently, both of us
        experienced this override. It consisted of the following: An image of a milky
        colored mushroom-shaped dome over that part of southern England which
        was an energy field or an energy grid which somehow was related to the
        formation of these crop circles. Significantly, I described this to the grouo
        separately from Maria Ward. Then moments later, she came up and said
        that she had the most extraordinary mental override, and she too described
         it as a large opal. milky colored dome over that part of southern England.
        The exact meaning of this synchronously received image is yet to be
         determined, but it is certainly worth noting.

            A       fi     event occurred at approximately 12:45 a.m. when a large
         amber, orange colored ball of light, which was spinning, appeared on the
         northwestern horizon. It was significantly larger than any object we had
         seen up to that point, and it remained there for approximately five minutes.
         One of the individuals working with Colin Andrews, Greg Pressley, was
         able to video tape this object. Some individuals nearby who had night
         scope binoculars, saw a military helicopter approach this object. At that
         point, this object moved away rapidly to the north and dimmed as it did so.
         and then it was gone.

                                                  Page 7
CSETI Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: Contact in Southern Engand. July 1992


        Almost simultaneously, a red object appe red traveling above the northern
        edge of Woodborough Hill, and this objewas noted to split into two parts
        before disappearing. This object displayed no aircraft lights and made
        absolutely no sound. People on top of Woodborough Hill also saw a white
        object that moved rapidly from the NCOYowards the zenith of the sky. It --
        was described as a silver white object, and I personally~ ~saw this as it
        approached Woodborough Hill at some altitude. This object was seen ~                ` ~
                                 9 amber. orange
        immediately after the bright           9 colored object vanished. Thee
        objects which were observed that night were definitely not aircraft, nor were
        they known natural p       gmenon such as meteorite or lightening activity. At --
        approximately 3:00        ,)we concluded the night's research session. ,
                         utC?)           C''                        - mod     ,
            During the 'day, the research team investigated reports of new crop
        circles which had appeared, and~athered for debriefing meetings Nand to
        plan the next night's activities. On Friday, July 24th, we decided to
        undertake an expedition through the fields surrounding Milk Hill and Alton
        Barnes to personally investigate all of the known confirmed authentic crop
        circles. There were several beautiful crop circles and elaborate formations
        near Milk Hill, which we investigated and personally entered. We were
        struck by the beauty, the symmetry, and the subjectively-felt energy within
        each of these crop circles. The crop circles themselves are of extraordinary
        design, and there is a gentleness and peace which cannot be objectively
        measured. The individual wheat stalks themselves are not broken, but are
        gently curved from the base in a way that cannot be done by mechanical
        forces.

            Interestingly, I took one of these wheat stalks to preserve and carry back
        to America, and it was perfectly curved, having no broken places in it
        whatsoever. However, the force of simply holding it and walking to the next
        field resulted in it breaking in three places, even though I was being
        particularly careful not to damage the stalk. This was an impromptu
        experiment which I found personally significant since it showed that these
        stalks were very fragile and easily broken under even light mechanical
        forces, and yet these huge crop circles were able to be formed with the
        stems of these stalks of wheat only slightly curved and with no broken
        places in them whatsoever. To me, this is one of the most significant
        findings which establishes that the authentic crop circles are of
        extramundane origin, and are not formed by crude mechanical forces.

           We took time to do coherent thought sequencing and remote viewing
        inside the center of several of these circles. Both Shari Adamiak and myself
        independently sensed that the mechanism of action for forming these crop
        circles was not mechanical, but that they were pulled down in some
        fashion. We sensed that there was a short-lived augmentation of the

                                               Page 8
C5ETI Report.     se Encounters of the 5th kind: Contact in Southern England. July 1992


      gravitational field over the area where the crop circle was to appear, and
      that it was an interaction between the electromagnetic spectrum and the
      gravitational field which resulted in the formation of the crop circles. Again,
      this is only a theory, but it conforms with much of the known evidence, and
      it was remotely viewed independently by two people while in a crop circle.
      Certainly there is evidence of rapid heating and electromagnetic energy
      affecting the cell wall of the crops. In addition, we know that there are radio-
      nucleotide changes in the area of the crop circle which is not present in the
      soil samples outside of the crop circles. There does appear to be,
      therefore, some rapidly applied electromagnetic energy which, given what
      we know about the UFO propulsion systems involving gravitational fields,
      could result in the type of mechanism which we jointly visualized. By being
      in the crop circles, you can sense that there was not a mechanical force
      that pushed the stalks down, but that there was an energy field which
      altered the nature of the stalks themselves.
           By the night of Friday, July 24, 1992, the research team had decided
      that it would be necessary for us to move from the top of Woodborough Hill
      into a field directly below Woodborough Hill where there were two
      significant crop circle formations. One of these was a large ring. The other
      was a large circle, and they were adjacent to each other, separated only by
      a few yards. It is worth noting here, from a logistics point of ,view, that the
                 eafn-had multiple people intrude who had not been --traded and
                        prearranged member3 of the team. Obviously, this is
      disruptive and erosive to any group cohesion and to the overall flow of
      research activity. It is also interesting to note, here, that word of the
      research effort had spread throughout the area, and that there were
      multiple attempts by intruders to enter the farm of Polly and Tim Carson for
      the purpose of infiltrating the research team. On more than one occasion,
      men who were in the employ of the farm's owners were required to
      circumambulate the farm for security pure                   a occasion, local
      police were called to remove a number of in                1o1ad gotten very
      close to our research site. Beyond this, there was the usual collection of
      tabloid repo r a and others who, while not understanding the mission,
      were wanting to be part of the process. Moreover, because of the use
      of the high powered ligh       1j4rJer of people in the area had detected our
      activity and had dete ui dffiat they should somehow infiltrate )he
       research group. For this reason and others, we decided to move ___
      top of Woodborough Hill -and-t a more protected site below the summit.
      There were a number of observers, however, who did remain on top of
      Woodborough Hill.
          After gathering in the crop circles themselves to conduct our research
      efforts, we noted that collectively we were seeing multiple, strobe like,
                                             Page 9
    CSETI Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: Contact in Southern England. Juty 1992


            bright white and yellow flashes of light in various directions surrounding our
            location. These appeared as bright stro lights as would be emitted by a
            camera discharging a flash bulb. Then at 10:25          ; an event wl    -I f
            great significance occurred. While we were looking into the zenith of the
            sky, slightly towards the south and east, there came across the sky a
            structured spin~~ .  spacecraft. You could clearly see, in the dimming blue
            light of the sky, a p h1r g-structuie; with blue-green, red and white Tights,
            that were spinning around its periphery. This object traversed 20 to 30
            degrees of arc in the sky, and lasted for only about five to ten seconds. As
            it moved across the sky, it was also spinni—n a counter clockwise
            rotation.
               Please note that is was no distan light in the sky. It was a structured
            craft with n • ivi • ual lights - - - = •- clearly discemibl It was at this point
            that I was convinced that we ha. a 'Tflck on wi a structured spacecraft of
            non-terrestrial origin. I believe that it i f'e same craft which later visited us
            on the night of July 26th and the weel hours of the 27th. I must emphasize
            here, that the sighting o ts raft1 vas clear and unobstructed. The
            individual lights could be c14          &a'Wll as the metallic structure of the
            craft itself. It moved very rapidly across the zenith of the sky well in excess
            of the speed of any known human aircraft. Beyond this, it should be noted.
            that this craft was completely silent as it passed overhead. As an
            interesting side note to the night of the 24th, I should mention that Ron
            Russell's cameras would not operate for the time he was in the crop circles.
            All of us present observed the malfunction, of not one, but both of his
            cameras, which to this date has not been explained. It is important to note
            that they worked fine the next day.
              Then at 12:05 . G., on the night of the 24th of July (actually the wee
            hours of July 25    the entire group witnessed three separate balls of light
            moving over the Towsmead Copse They moved rapidly and were an
            orange- amber color. The 1~ s1 o sounds heard by those who were
            located in the crop formation. However, Edward Sherwood, who had
            walked over to that area a few minutes prior to this, did experience a
            metallic ringing noise as he neared the edge of the Copes. He did not,
            however, see the anomalous lights. He also reported that his right eye
            experienced a significant amount of irritation for the next 24 hours, and the
            next day we noted that his eye was red and inflamed. In addition, his eyelid
            appeared somewhat swollen. Exactly what these lights were and what the
            energy form was that resulted in the metallic ringing sound has yet to be
L
            determined. None of our instruments, including the trifield meter or the
            radar detector, picked up any specific energies.
              These events were preceded around 11:20 p.m. by the appearance of an
                                                 Page 10
    CSETI Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: COntar-- in Southern England. July 1992


            oolectf amber in coio~       was sr ~nnrng. It emitted a red and bluish color.
.           Shis was preceded by several lights that flashed through the sky in rapid
            s~,çcession., hese we the luminosity of a bright star or planet. At 11:25
                ., a UFO ca           ViSlbie for at least five minutes. It ham strobe on
            top, though it was ii,Q;t definitel        o an airpianéL        seen through
            binoculars'\There was i     sound coming from the object. As soon as the
            group said, "Let's signal to it.", it became illuminated and emitted a much
            brighter gold and amber light with the strobes still flashing on top of it.
            Again, no sound was heard, but it made an arc around the field we were in,
            and it headed off towards the south.

                Over the course of the evening, we were to see four UFOs which were
            all moving toward a specific direction, that is, they appeared to be --
            converging from four different directions towards one location. One
            originated in the zenith, one onginated'in the west, one originated in the "
            north, and another in the northeast, and all converged towards the --
            southeast. We noted that, -the next day, a new significant agnglyph was
            found in that direction   the other side of the Salisbury Plain at Pepperbox
            Mill. This may be a coincidence, but we note it here for possible
            Gor-coilatlons.
                Then, on thej         jgjf July 25th or 26th, a farmer, at Roundplay, near
            Devizes, found isi his fieIJacr'pp circle of profound importance'We did not
            learn of the presence of this crop formation until the morning of the 27th.
            However, Ralph Neyes, a prominent crop circle researcher in England.
            states this was most likely formed the n4g, oI the 23rd, 24th, or 25th of
            July. When we asked Ralph Noyes what the shape of this new formation
            was. he showed me a drawing he had made in his log book where he was
            keeping a very careful account of all crop circles. I was astonished, as was
            Shari Adamiak and others who were with me, to see that he had drawn
            precisely the shape which we had been visualizing and conveying to the
            crop circle makers. It is not possible to convey the emotion which all gf us
            felt at that moment. Without a doubt, the.W(had appearedta crop circlej(felt
            to be authentic by the Argost team, which had entered it prior to our
            knowing of its existence) which exactly corresponded to the shape which
             we had been projecting both with the high powered lights and through
            coherent thought sequencing. Since no one outside of our research group
            knew of the shape which we were projecting, the likelihood that this could
             be a hoax is thought to be nil. Nor is it likely that this was a mere
            coincidence, although the debunkers could always point that out as a
             possibility. It is our assessment that this was a specific crop circle formed in
             collaboration between the research team and the crop circle "makers". This
             was not just three circles in a triangle. They were in an equilateral triangle.
             and they were connected precisely by the bands which we had visualized.
                                                  Page 11
CSET1 Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: Contact in Southern England. July 1992


        Moreover, they had appeared near our research site.

          On the morning of the 27th, Shan Adamiak and myself, as well as others,
        went up to the top of Olivers Castle and looked down upon the plain below
        us and saw this astonishing crop circle. It is not an exaggeration to say,
        that it was as if it had been lifted from our minds and placed in the field in
        absolutely perfect order. We feel that the significance of this can hardly be
        overstated: That a group of humans endeavoring to contact the intelligence
        responsible for the crop circles should be able to project a specific, and
        heretofore unknown shape, and that within a few miles of the location of
        their research, a crop formation of precisely that form should appear,
        indicates that we have reached a significant point of contact. It raises the
        question of what might be achieved through concerted efforts between
        properly motivated human research teams and those responsible for the
        crop circles.

           We feel that this crop circle CE-5 experiment clearly establishes: (1) That
        the crop circles are under intelligent control, and (2) that they can be
        interacted with by a team of humans. If this amount of dialogue can occur,
        what other form of communication is possible? What does this indicate to
        us about the crop circle makers willingness to communicate and cooperate
        with humans? These and other questions arise from this extraordinary
        event.

           If there Was any question in our minds that these crop circles were the
        result of extraterrestrial peoples interacting with our planet, thos doubts
        were greatly reduced by what followed. On the night of July 25tt'M 992, the
        group again gathered in the crop circles below Woodborough Hill. Once
        again, a~bhghtly lit amber-orange colored object was observed at about
        11:OO. m.., moving from north to south. Once again, no sounds were heard
        from this object. At 1:10       in the wee hours of July 26th, while walking
        in a circle with high powered lights pointing straight up into a cloud bank,
        we noted that from above the clouds, a bright light was shining down from
        the slcy into the cloud bank, mimicking our light formation. There was no
        question that this light was shining down from the sky onto the top surface
        of the cloud bank, and that it was mimicking our light work. Because of the
        cloud cover which had moved in at this time, we could not see any specific
        UFO, however, the beam of light shining from the sky down into the clouds
        was striking and could not be explained. It is also interesting to note that on
        Saturday, July 25th, the group's activities were interrupted by intruders into
        the research area. There were unknown individuals who had placed
        themselves on Adam's Grave, Milk Hill, Nap Hill, and Goldenball Hill. They
        had acquired their own high powered lights, and were flashing them down
        onto our group trying to detect our location.

                                             Page 12
CSETI Report: Close Encounters of the 5h kind: Contact /n Southern England, July 1992


        In addition, it should be noted that our colleagues on top of Woodborough
        Hill were harassed by four individuals with cameras. These individuals took
        photographs of the people stationed on Woodborough Hill against their will.
        At this point, the four men who had forcibly taken pictures on top of
        Woodborough Hill came toward the CSETI group which was located in the
        crop circle formation at the base of Woodborough Hill. Our colleagues then
        warned the CSETI group that we were being approached, and at that point
        the night's activities were curtailed.

        The Near- Landing of a Spacecraft
           The night of July 26th, and the wee hours of July 27th, proved to be of
        profound importance. It is on this date, that the CSETI research team had a
        confirmed, close range lock-on with a structured spacecraft which came
        towards us in a near landing. The significance of this night's activities cane--
        hardly be ;overstated. Remember, that this is a multiply witnessed event'\ _
        that wa 'human initiated''and which included, as you will learn, a neat --
        landing of a structured ext~aerrestrial spacecraft at close range.
               Before recounting that event, however, we should review the
        circumstances leading up to that experience. On Sunday, July 26th, I had
        been asked to address a crop circle conference in Glastonbury, England.
        While there, I met a gentleman named Roy Dutton who had devised a
        system for predicting the appearance of UFO's given various locations and
        time frames. Apparently, this gentleman had analyzed reports for over 30
        years, and had been able to come up with a periodicity which he had tested
         e-b'accurate. We informed him about our research project, and he gave
        us information relating to the following days appearances in that part of
lJ      England, stating that there would be significant opportunity for sightings
        around 10:30 p.m., and then again at 12:30 a.m., and 1:30 te S '. We made
        note of this, and thought that it would be interesting to see if any actual
        correlations arose.
              After returning from Glastonbury, we had a brief dinner, and then
        gathered around 10:00 p.m. at the research site in Alton Barnes. There
        were gathering clouds at that time, although it was not raining. Then at
        10:25 p.m., on July 26th, two UFOs appeared in the east. They moved
        slightly towards us and were completely silent. There were no normal
        aircraft lights noted on these objects. At one point, they rose above a cloud
        bank and moved towards the group. While originating out of the east, they
        silently moved towards the south. It is felt that they were on the order of two
        to four miles away at this point. (It is interesting that 10:30 p.m. was the
        time frame that Roy Dutton had mentioned as an opportunity for a sighting).
                                             Page 13
CSETI Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: Contact in Southern England. July 1992


        Present during the sighting              ain: Edward Sherwood, Maria Ward,
        Chris Mansel, Shari Adamiak,        arcia orris, and others.
             What follows next admittedly sounds like something out of a science
        fiction movie; however it was observed by everyone present, and we will
        recount it in order.? the%events unfolded. From our location in the crop
        circle, we began to see multiple arias of strobe-like lights that appeared in
        all directions. At around 11:00        , in the clouds directly above us, there
                 o ea to a rilliant light spinning in a cartwheel-type fashion, an€? t 4
        clockwise from above the clouds. This moved over directly above the
        CSETI group, and then stopped, remaining there for approximately ten
        minutes before ceasing its activity. The l olsing towards the northeast, we
        saw that the sky was getting considerably darker, and at that point, four
        elliptical shapes detached themselves from the western edge of the cloud
        line and traveled rapidly eastwards into the edge of those clouds. These
        objects appeared to move in circular motion as if joined together around a
        cartwheel. It is important to note that several people in the group felt
        electrostatic effects on their skin during this part ot- the event. I must say
        that the impression of the object above the cioud which was spinning with
        lights in a cartwheel fashjQpj~ gnto the upper surface of the clouds appeared
        to be rather large. We had"a~n Englishman arrive "bn site, whose name is not
        known to me, who did confirm that these same lights were also seen from
        the direction of Lockeridge. He confirmed that there was no light coming
        from the ridges or below, and that this cartwheecf'ormation of lights in the
        clouds was originating from above the clouds. These events, which of
        course were preceded by the sighting of the four UFOs mentioned 'earlier,
        were felt to be very significant.
             At this point, it suddenly began to rain, ,fjsx gently, and then a
        tremendous downpour This period s#—rainmrneciately followed the
        cartwheeling effect in the sky and the gathering of very dark clouds from
        the north. The group then decided to break because of the rather hard
        downpour. Our cameras and other equipment were getting drenched, and
        visibility was reduce       l    few feet. Here I must mention something
        which can only be tia       agath, as a consciousness override. While we
        were fathering to leave, I personally felt compelled to proceed to an area
        on the concrete farm road, located on IheCirson fang where there was a
        small tumor. I had this overriding vision of our remaining at that site
        ep nding some further event that evening. From a logical point of view, we
        should have disbanded, and taken the opportunity for a normal nights
        sleep! (By now you have gathered that we had been up many nights in c
        row until three, sometimes four o'clock in the morning, and many of those
        with us took this as an opportunity to leave and get to an early rest.)
        However, four of us insisted on staying, and we proceeded to the
        concrete farm road only a few hundred yards from our present location.
                                             Page 14
     At the same time that we were preparing to move from our location in
the crop circle field (which was increasingly becoming mired in mud and
water) Colin Andrews and others were leaving the top of Woodborough Hill.
Apparently as Colin Andrews was pulling away from the barn area where
the cars had been parked, members standing outside of his car heard the
strange trilling sound, which has been recorded several times in the crop
circle area. In addition, Don and Peggy Tuersley, walking down from the
top of Woodborough Hill, noticed two lights which we4"shining in the field
alongside where they were walking. These progressed through the field
and then repeated after a few moments in the same sequence. (These
events were not observed by the CSETI team because we were on the
opposite side of Woodborough Hill preparing to depart from the now muddy
crop circle.) Four of us remained on the concrete farm road waiting for
further events. We were locat4n two automobiles with two persons in
each. Significantly, at this point, it was around midnight and the people who
had been attempting to infiltrate the CSETI group,4ere fortuitously flushed
off of Adam's Grave, Milk Hill, and the other areas by the downpour. This
may have been a helpful coincidence, or a planned effect by the visitors. At
any rate, in addition to these individuals being removed from the area due
to inclement weather, we also had the misfortune of having our video
camera doused by rain, and therefore, rendered inoperable. (I will comment
on these events later.)
     After sitting in the cars aiting for the rain to subsid )for some times, I
was startled when suddenly Chris Mansel in the car behind me jumped out
and started beating on my window. I rolled the window down, and he
exclaimed that there was a spaceship coming right through the field only a
few hundred feet from cur location! At this point, all of us were astonished
to observe a large, dis#1sh ped craft with brilliant lights rotating counter-
  to -       - ong its ba     tae-objec             g           ~_          `
                                      e top his     truc        a entire object
was no more than3 it —feet above the ground, and it was only four
    ridred yards from our location at the edge of the very field where we
were standing! You could see the metallic structure between the rotating
lights at the base of the spacecraft and the thre&or-four amber colored
lights at the top of the cone. Again, I must emphasize that this was a close
sighting of a structured spacecraft. At one point, we could hear a humming
sound which we believed was coming from the object, but this could not be
definitely determined. While our video camera was rendered inoperable.
luckily, we were able to make real time recordings on the micro-cassete
recorder which we kept with us continuously during our research trip. The
 lights which were at the base of this spacecraft were blue-green, red.
 amber, and white. Note that the shape of this spacecraft, its movement as
                                   Page 15

                                        J
CSETII Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: Contact in Southern England. July 1992


        well as the counterclockwise rotation of the lights, are identical to the
        spacecraft which was seen on Friday the 24th, which you will remember
        passed directly overtiead in the zenith of the sky. It is my personal
        assessment that this was the same spacecraft.
             When we first saw this spacecraft, it was at the edge of the wheat field.
        It then moved through the field behind some trees where we could see it
        clearly scintillating through the branches of the trees as it moved towards
        the north. The spacecraft initially appeared in the southwest, although as
        you will note in a moment, our compass readings at the time of the event
        were not accurate. The size 9f e spacecraft which was 400 yards away,--
        was approximately one           ~ches       at arm's length. This gives us an—
          stimated size of e        o ones            `feet in diameter, and I believe
              his      cecra$t'was o                 s' feet in diameter. The lights,--
        which were rotating counterclockwise around its base, were contiguous.
        The blue, white, greenish and red-amber colored lights seemed to blend
        into each other in an unusual fashion. I have never seen lights like this from
        a terrestrial origin. These were brilliant, obviously technologically
        associated lights attached to a structured metallic spacecraft. The craft
        continued to move towards the north, and then emerged in a notch in the
        trees and hovered. At this point, it seemed to flip or turn upwards-≤o,that —
        either another side of the spacecraft or the underside of the spacecraft was --
        seen. At this point, it looked exactly like a Christmas tree lit up. Here it is
        worth quoting from the live tape recording:
        " We are observing a close range spacecraft that is conical shaped. Lord, it looks like a
        Christmas tree lit up! Chris mentions a Christmas tree lit up - exactly! Mother of Mary
        Christ. look! Now it's rotated a bit. It is conical and looks just like a Christmas tree. It is
        floating down through the trees at this time. Do you hear humming? Yes. When it first
        approached you could see the lower part. It looked disk shaped. It was rotating, and the
        lights were going back and forth. This thing is big, quite large, that came across here!"

         Now at this point, an amber colored probe detaches from the upper right
        hand side of--     pacecraft and goes off into the mist. Later, we were to
        learn that Busty Taylor and others gathered on a nearby hilltop, who had
        remained during this part of the event but whose location was unknown to
        us. did see an amber colored light moving off from that direction. I must
        also convey that all members of the group felt an electrical charge, a
        tingling, and in my case, I felt it from my toes all the way to the top of my
        head. We noticed that the magnetic compass (which was a Swedish
        compass purchased only a month beforehand and which had a lifetime
        guarantee) would not work properly. Each time that we checked the
        compass, magnetic north had altered its location. At one point, we were
        checking the compass with a flashlight every two minutes, and each time
        we checked it, the needle rotated part way around the dial, counterclock-

                                                  Page 16
CSETI Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: Contact in 5outr,. rn tng]ana. .iury 1992


        wise. Note that the lights moving on the spaceship were also rotating
        counterclockwise around its base. At this point, we tookAie high powered
        lights from the car, and began to signal to the spaceshi       signaled-to-it,
        two bright flashes and pause, and it then flashed backlo us in the same
        sequence.
                    This sequence was repeated again with a similar response from
        the spaceship. On the tape, you can hear gasps from the people present as
        the object begins pulsing, flashing back to us in the same sequence.
        Importantly, had we remained in the previous location (in the crop circle
        field) we would not have been in a position to have seen this event.

           Immediately after this CE -5, which took place over a ten to fifteen minute
        period, a couple amedrMng down the farm road who had remained upon
        Woodborough RflV Their presence there was unknown to us during the
        course of the near-landing event. One was nam - Judy Young, and the
        other, Peter Davenport, both from England. Just as I had felt compelled to
        remain on the concrete farm road, they also felt compelled to remain on top
        of Woodborough Hill sensing that something significant might happen.
        From their vantage point on Woodborough Hill, they were able to see off in
        the direction opposite from our location. It was there that they were able to
        see a huge shaft of light illuminating the fi I    r_e we had been prior to
        the rain storm. We were fascinated to féä7that they were able to see
        the light going down into the crop circle area where the CSETI team just
        had been conducting its research. There is no explanation for their sighting,
        but we feel that it probably preceded the near-landing, and is therefore
        highly significant.

            Then, at approximately 1:30           another UFO was seen in the
                                                       a.m.,


         southwest. This was a large amber colored object further away than the
         spacecraft which had come through the field. It was estimated to be one to
         two miles away. It appeared and then wobbled as it hovered.__ je hen took--
         our high powere lights and signaj jJLtwo flashes. It thetfret rued the—
         signaling bact ; two flashes. It moved in our directidfLslowlyjand then--
         disappearec below a tree line in the distance. Once again, it is interest
         to note, tha hese sightings occurred at approximately 12:30 and 1:30       —`
         which were windows of opportunity noted by Roy Dutton in his r
         mathematical prediction formula. Also, the compass continued to rotate
         counter-clockwise for several minutes after the second spacecraft was
         seen at 1:30 a.m.
                       Interesting corroborating evidence for this sighting, in addition to what
                    was seen by Busty Taylor on a nearby hill, and by Judy Young and Peter
                    Davenport on top of Woodborough Hill, comes from Maria Ward.


                                                      Page 17
CSETI Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: Contact In Southern England, July 1992


        Maria had separated from the group to take someone home who was not
        feeling well. As she returned to the farm, she parked the car down by the
        manor house so that she would not run over the grates (cattle grids) and
        awaken the people in the farm house. She then began to walk towards our.-
        location. At that point, she noticed it was 12:30 a.m., she saw a large,
        dense, conical shape in the distance, with part of it hidden by a tree line.
        She could see continuous lights revolving around the base of the object
        that were blue, white, and reddish colored. As it cleared the tree line, she
        could then see three orange lights above the rotating band of lights. Note
        that this corresponds precisely with our sighting which was closer to the
        spaceship. Again, Maria Ward described these lights at the base moving
        counterclockwise. Shortly after this, she saw a beam of light being directed
        at the object itself. Presumably this is the beam which we wee.: shining
        from our location up on the concrete farm road. At this poin '> he noticed - 7
        that the spacecraft;flashed for a moment back towards the originating light..'
        At-~f°ris-~o`~noted the object looked almost triangular with the point
        facing upward 'Again, note that this correlates very well with our --
        observation of it having the appearance of a Christmas tree. It is also
        interesting to note that Maria War elt a,tingling sensation along her back
        and on her head.                                 that an object broke away
        from the spacecraft that w1jàige in col -ad moved away in a
        northerly direction. Once again, this corresponds accurately with what we
       .ham observed from o içapp. She gave an estimate of length of
        we-#eet                              eet, and no more than forty feet above
        the ground' An~aga;' e o e that it was silent, except for a slight
        buzzing soCind which seemed to be coming from the south of her position.
             We have full reports from four people who were present during this
        event. These include on-site transcripts and drawings. It is significant that
        this was a multiply witnessed event of a near landing, ,..a
        spacecraft at close range. It was n urther than four-tt~n'heyards from
        our location and approximately thi        ex above the ground. There was a
        clear interactive component to this e.v~ent`with
                                               v         light signaling observed by at
        least five people. These five peopWincluded the four people at the primary
        site, as well as Maria Ward who was approaching the site from the manor
        house located on the farm. The significance of this event can hardly be
        overstated. This event constitutes a close range, close encounter of the 5th
        kind with a clear interactive component. It appears that the CSETI team
        was successful in vectoring in a spaceship to its location, and then
        engaged it in signaling. It is my considered opinion, that had the team been
        adequately pre ed for it, there would have been a full landing, and in all
        likelihood, an or oard experience. -
           It is fair to mention here that I feel the rate-limiting aspect of this project.
                                             Page 18
CSETI Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: Contacr        ~uthern England. July 1992


        which is attempting to establish a mutual and sustainable relationship
        between humans and extraterrestrial peoples, is the readiness of the
        research team itself. It is clear to all involved with this project, that there is a
        crescendo of events which has been occurring over the last year and a
        half, and which we feel certain will culminate in a confirmed landing and
        probable on board experience by a CSETI boarding party. it is my opinion,
        that to the extent tlaa~we are able to prepare ourselves for this level of
        close encounter of the 5th kind, to that extent, it can occur. Nevertheless,
        this experience, in and of itself, stands as a watershed event in the history
        of human initiated close encounters. For not only were we able to vector
        this spacecraft in to our location, but )t bras abl6 'come so incredibly close
        to our group.
               In addition, there has been much discussion surrounding the
        circumstances of this event. For example, it is noted that this spacecraft
        came under cover of darkness and at the end of a rain storm. This rain
        permitted the event to unfold under darkness of night and in private. Had it
        occurred on a night when it was clear and bright, it doubtlessly would have
        been observed and interfered with by multiple intruders. This also brings up
        the question of obtaining photographic evidence. Is it any coincidence, for
        example, that the camcorder became wet and was unable to be utilized?
        Why were others who had been present during the previous night's
        research (ri preseni ho would have had still-photographic equipment to
        record the venWas our inability to obtain photographic evidence: (1) a
        coinc dence^(2) a necessary result of being able to clear the area of
        unwanted a'nd disruptive influences such as those that had infiltrated the
        site on the previous night, or (3) an intentional event indicating that they
        did not wish to be photographed at close range? It should be noted that the
        video camera which we had in our possession was a Canon L1 Pro with an
        extensor lens a           telephoto lens which would hays, given us
        approximately si tFX magnification. Certainly, at only to b indred yards,
        this camera would have recorded extraordinary detail of the spacecraft.

              To be honest, at this point, I have not reached any conclusion as —
        to the meaning 99,f, these events except to say that I"dCI e certain that it is no --
        coincidence~~~~tt~i~speeeship
        9thers-wotTd have—been—                                            --
        after a r~in_sta                bf        ZLi\
                                                      y '
                                                         1
                                                             ___   y
                                                                      = ame $ • acecraft
                                                                       3


        was seeWTötãt1 icross the sky on the night of the 24th when it was
        crystal clear, and yet it made no further close approach. It should be noted
        that there were many people on Adam's Grave and on other nearby
        hillsides that would certainly have seen a large spacecraft of that sort
        coming so close to our group on The 24th.

                                              Page 19
CSETI Report: Close Encounters of he 5th kind: Contact in Southern England. July 1992


          also do not thi k it is a coincidence that 1 personally received an override
        to go and s      & the concrete road, and to remain there for some time.
        This decision was against all logic, and it is interesting that the people who
        were on top of Woodborough Hill had a similar compelling drive to remain
        there for another hour or so. All of this might be considered in the category
        of "high strangeness", and it is crucial that we consider these aspects of
        the phenomenon.

        Postscript

              The nights of July 27, 28, and 29 continued to have significant aerial
        phenomenon. None, however, were so close and               certain as the near
        landi__na that occurred in the wee hours of July 27t
        th_        , jColin Andrews disclosed to us that several people had heard the /i
        trilling sound similar to what had been recorded by the BBC and at White
        Crow at about 12:20         . This would have been only five minutes prior to
        the near landing in the field. The next day we met a woman named Unarm,7qq/
         Daywood who stated that, at East Kennet, in England, last yea'a
        spacecraft apparently identical or very similar to what was seen in the wee —
        hours on the 27tt~.~Was reported.


        Conclusion

           Based on the experiences of July 20 through 30, we have formulated the
        assessment that the crop circles are constructed by an extraterrestrial
        civilization, and are technologically related. The unequivocal sighting of a
        large structured spacecraft in the vicinity of the crop circles in the wee
        hours of July 27th, the collaborative formation of a specific crop circle
        shape which appeared near Roundplay, England, and the multiple UFO
        sightings which occurred over this period of nine nights, all speak to the
i       extraterrestrial origins of this phenomenon. Of equal significance is the fact
        that there is clear evidence that humans can interact with tte phenom-
t       enon, and if carefully planned initiatives can be carried out, th significant
        progress in an open relationship between extraterrestrial people and
        humans can be obtained. As the world progresses towarcli-a global
        civilization and an organic unity, the potential for a sustained and open
        relationship between humans and extraterrestrial visitors will increase. It is
        our assessment that the extraterrestrial peoples responsible for the crop
        circle phenomenon are increasingly ready to enter into a period of relative
        openness. It is our responsibility as humans to similarly prepare ourselves
         mentally, physically, and spiritually for the next step in our relationship with
        these visitors. As the old order of the world all around us is collapsing, and

                                             Page 20
CSETI Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: Contact 1n Southern England. July 1992


        as a new order, however embryonic, is evolving, we stand at a point in
        history of great potentiality. These potentialities include, but are not limited
        to, the integration of human civilization into an interplanetary civilization: the
        development of means of communication and travel which will dwarf
        current human capabilities: and the exploration of a unity in consciousness
        which transcends both the reiativr- differences among ourselves and
        between various planetary spec es.

             It is imperative that those who wish to join in this visionary, and yet
        practical, endeavor, continue to prepare themselves and their colleagues
        for further potential contact. Given a correct setting and an adequately
        motivated and trained group, it is our assessment that the possibility for a
        landing and on-board encounter is very high. While the precise timing of
        this is not known, we can discern that it is a relatively near, as opposed to
        distant event. It should be poirted out that CSETI's goals of establishing
        working groups of individuals capable of significant Close Encounters of the
        5th Kind, has reached its ten year goal point in one and one half years. At
        this rate of progress, we can only imagine what events the next five years
        will bring us.

             Of equal importance, is the question of how this information will be
        communicated to our fellow humans. How can this best be conveyed so
        that a positive outcome will be assured? In a world that is increasingly
        fractious, xenophobic and paranoid, we must be certain to convey
        information which is truthful, motivated by clear intentions, peaceful and life
        supporting. Nor should we be dismayed by the naysayers, the pessimists] --
        and the cynics, who would have us believe that what has already been
        achieved is impossible. For I can recall a time, only two years ago, when a
        prominent UFO expert stated that what we were attempting to do would be
        nearly impossible, and that we would need millions of dollars and
        thousands of people to achieve it. And yet with vision and perseverance,
        we can create a new reality, a reality which includes the empowerment of
        humans to enter into a sustainable relationship with other planetary
        intelligent life forms.

              In ddition to these considerations, the events of July 20th through
         30t in England, underscore the importance of previous CE-5s, including
         those which occurred in Gulf Breeze, Wyoming, Colorado, North Carolina,
         Belgium, and elsewhere. There are those who would have us believe that
         all of the preceding events just mentioned are coincidence. However from
         these events we can discern a pattern of increasing contact between CE-5
         Initiative Working Groups and those extraterrestrial visitors who are
         involved with a project concerning the Earth. In addition to this. we note
         with some fascination and promise, that individual working group members
                                              Page 21
CSETI Report: Close Encounters of the 5th kind: Contact in Southern England. July 1992


        at close range, and in cases. in broad daylight, r tructured spacecraft.
        This includes, of co?rsé, the sighting in Wichita Falls, Texas, on April 24.
        1992 by Ron Russell which resulted in a very good photograph at close
        range of a structured spacecraft, and goes on to include a working group
        member in California, who was able to see a clearly structured spacecraft
        pass        ~ he--ddgewear her home outside of Los Angles. The meaning of
        this , `r is my opinion rates to an attempfon the parr of the extraterrestrial
        people to let us `know that, given the right opportunity and adequately
        trained people, th - they are ready to approach more boldly and with
        greater certainty than ever before. Certainly, as the world passes through
        this transformative period in its history, the likelihood of such high level
        Close Encounters of the 5th Kind will steadily increase.
            Of greatest importance at this time is the evolution of cohesive unified
        teams which are competent to fully participate in a high level Close
        Encounter of the 5th Kind, to include a landing and an on-board (and
        possibly off-planet) experience. The preparation required for so
        extraordinary an endeavor involves not only the evolution of the
        appreciation of non local mind and universal consciousness, but it also
        involves the development of those skills, communication abilities, and
        psychological readiness so that the event can unfold in a smooth and
        productive fashion. To this end CSETI is increasingly dedicated to
        sponsoring extensive training sessions lasting days, and
        hopefully weeks so that people will be adequately prepared.

            Let us go forward then, with a clear vision and wit T'determined hearts -
        into the great future which awaits us. While I believe these efforts will, ring Z
        results in the immediate futu-we must also appreciate that we are laying
        the foundation for a future interplanetary unity. The hallmarks of this --
        foundation are: The realization of the oneness of intelligent life in the
        universe through the direct experience of nonlocal or unbounded mind; the --
        maintenance of ideals which are centered around non hostility, peaceful --
        intentions, and mutuality of benefit in the relationship, and the renunciation
        of unilateral aggressive or exploitive motives. At present, we are at once
        preparing ourselves, and also, I believe, being prepared by these
        extraterr nal visitors for future events, the ramifications of which can
        already 'partly discerned. Central to our success, is the realization that
        the process that we use transcends any ultimate goals - that if we pay
        attention to process, if we pay attention to the integrity of the moment, the
        future will unfold in such a way that nothing on the Earth or in the heavens.
        can defeat it.

         Steven M. Greer M.D.
         International Director of CSET1
