{"created_utc": "2026-08-18T11:11:57Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 8801416, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117084-project-starlight-book-chapter-2-cont-2-pgs-138-193.pdf", "source_sha256": "c6513bd4ee84fbbc0eb4bcd2ea2677bc89241b1ed4cd3a16c17a502a9bf6840a"}

138
Finally, I would like to go into an area called remote viewing. And for those

who believe that there is nothing to all of this, they need only look to where
                                           7'
many millions of dollars have been poured by, not only the military of the --.

former Soviet Union, but also the US military, aft    trainin(people in what

is known as remote viewing.           The very real applications of the

understanding of the non-locality of reality, the non-local nature, the non-

linear aspect of reality, has begun to be grasped by certain institutions even

on this planet; and, unfortunately, I think, has been used inappropriately.
                                                                A
But the concept of being able to view remote places in real time1,through the —
                        A
faculty of consciousness,is something which has tremendous potential for

learning and for knowing. It also has tremendous potential for abuse in the

form of spying and covert efforts to penetrate and violate trust


Let us first deal with the concept.       remote view means simply, I will

make a definition for yo                  through the non-linear aspect of

consciousness(different points in space or time~and to clearly see them as

they exist. For example, you may be in your room and with your eyes shut

or open)fhr6"ugh the faculty of mind in its non-local aspect be able to see—'

what your spouse is doing at a business convention in London. (You may

not want to see what your spouse is doing at a business convention on

London.) But that faculty is there; that potential exists. Or you may want
                                                                            139
to be able to see the internal structure of a spacecraft that is hovering

overhead. And..by accessing non-local mind be able to see into that craft

as clearly as if you were walking around in the physical, "real" present.


This ability of seeing remote places and events through the faculty of mind

is very understandable extension of the earlier discussion of the nature of

reality and the nature of space, time and mind.        2,tc,.


space or time. It also means that if you access that level of consciousness

th        can see any point in space or any point in time. This remote

viewing capability is an extremely useful tool for research in the area of

extra-terrestrial intelligence, because it is approximating their technology,

even if it's only used by innate means. In other words, even though we

may not have a technological device to assist us in this, thiwe         can be

trained to develop access into non-locality or non-linear mind, then we will

be able not only to remotely view the spacecraft, but be able to interface
                    n, ~J
with their technology. Because their technology is interfacing with mind all

the time. Their technology has elaborated and has clear applications of this

nexus between what we call mind and matter and non-locality of both

matter and non-locality or non-linearity of mind. So that the ability to utilize

remote sensing or remote viewing in extra-terrestrial research is very, very

important, even though it has been the source of a tremendous amount of
                                                                                140
    ridicule and debunkin    Rd' continues to be and)l'm sure)will be in the future

    as well.


    ("It comes too close," from voice in background.) Yes, there are some

    covert groups that don't like what we have discovered here. That's a

    parenthetical comment. We will get more into that later.


    But remote viewing ultimately is a very practical skilj,twhich every individual

    has access AM,,4veryone has experienced it at one time or another: an• -

    intuitive flash, a sudden telepathic experience with a loved one that was too

    much to just be a coincidence. The majority of humans in various polls

    indicate that they have had this type of experienceof non-locality. This is

    not a foreign thing. The only thing that's foreig)is that it ch be developed

    and expanded to the point of high reproducibility and reliability, which is

    what we are suggesting here.

C~In remote vie ing trainingwe essentially enable people to access non-local

    min           doing so, t,        egin to function in that state of non-locality

    where time and space are bent; and yp 1cn, therefore, access other points --.

    in space, other points in time.             femember: ,iryve     point in space ~—'

    and time and mind is at every other point in space and time and mind.          f-~`

          y accessing this non-linear point in mind, you are there already. You
    have arrived. You literally can be in any point in space and any point in
                                                                            141
time.


This entire concept of remote viewing andnit being systematized into a

research project for peaceful purpose     s rather radical nd we- wU get-~~~

                                           we       a • ou    a        ni - we.

Btititillustrates a larger point of         • - -; -; : ', not just the human—

condition but of the sentient, higher life form condition, whether it be human
                                                                               c

or extra-terrestrial. .         4a birthright of every such life for       to be . --

able to access the transcendent or the non-local, the non-linear aspect of

mind. It is nothing that should be viewed as foreign or unusual. It is an

integral part of every society's, every culture's experience, particularly in

ancient times. AtdA appears to be               integral part of the cultures of -

these extra-terrestrial civilizations and of their well-developed technology.


The experience of, for example, a precognitive dreahis a type of remote 7 '

viewing that occurs spontaneously for many people. How many people

have had the experience of                         having a lucid drearry~ftnd

then the next day, or next year, or Q years henc

in that dream occurs p. eGFs€tG,       d'too much accuracy to just be

coincidence. This is not an unusual experience. It is a sign                  or—''

an indicatofrhat has been left within the innate capacity of all humans that✓'

says your essential nature is that of a unified, non-linear being, a universal
                                                                              142
aspect of yourself that is real and operative. How else could you be asleep
                            -"
in your,~bed i               and awaken in a state where you are seeing an -- -i

event in a distant place --in a d                   1ater comes to pass ._ ..
                                diistte~rtt'time/that il
                                                        -   -     - -~-
precisely as you saw it.? This indicates that, indeed,,fu iiew that space

and time and mind are these linear and separate thingcis completely false.

And, you can say, God or the creator or nature or what-have-you has place---•

within every individual his capacityso that they cannot deny to themselves —.

or to each other the true nature of reality. It is a wonderful gift.


Remote viewing is nothing other than the utilization of that basic concept

tha 4he essential nature of mind or consciousne$           that it is not bound by .—

space or time. A            cknowledging that nd going through a series of

what you might call meditative practices to access consciousness in its

most unbounded for            t,"ou can learn to see remotely viewydistant

points in space or- te ant-pe         n time.


A simple experiment for this, and something which happened quite

spontaneou~►~for me                                        "som9yars ago, was-

that during periods when I was on prolonged meditation retreats I would

awaken in the morning and with my eyes shut would be seeing all around

the room. So that 4 sey          we~u~Lb   hut, btffl would be seeing the roorr1        -

     outside the roon andistant place,          nd saying hello to people in other
                                                                                  143
rooms of the complex. And I thought, well, this is very strange. But I went

with the flow. And to test to see if it was sort of a hypnogogic imagination

or dream, what I wouldd,would                  let my mind look at the clock on the ---~

bed beside me. And as soon as I would get a lock                   'a clear fix ohhe

clock, I would open my physical eyes, and every single time it would be

exactly correct to the secon                                       this was a way of

testing to see if this        i agination or if it Gya 'real; is it Memorex or is it .----

rea      ci          iave to do these reality check            Øherwise you could

just fall into what can best be d scribed as nonsensend the inner land of r                   '

unreality and delusion.        B      at is something .tgb'C I recommend                          -

anyone can do. While lying in bed, you awaken in the mornin                ou are in

this relaxed sta         low yourself to gently see the clock on the stand beside

you. Don't guess. Don't try to imagine it. Allow yourself to see it. And

when you see it, tb r7open your eyes                see if you were correct and

wa,( an actual remote-view?                    can do it to the clock on the

beside you, you can do it to Alpha Centauri. Because once you have

broken the bounds of time and space, they are indeed broken. .8~~
                                         r`
doesn't matter if they are 2'feet away o Ugh sears away or~j2 million                     '           '

lighWears away, the capacity is the same; the mechanism is the same. --'


The unfortunate thing about these                    apabilities               nnat   s
                                          J'
                                                                                          _
that if they are developed to the exclusion of the self in general, they can
                                                                          144

be very damaging. And a caveat here: I will share with you a discussion

I had, the man is known to me I'spent several hours with one of the top

five remote viewers who work for the Defense Intelligence Agency, ecentl

  New YoI at a dinn- ,, -. =     is man confided m\te followin            hat -'--

of the five top viewers th    the military had trained, two are dead from

suicide, two had been institutionalized in mental hospitals, and one was a

chronic alcoholic and~g        a great deal of difficulty.      1e reason for

this was because they were forced through a training regimen that enabled

them to remote view but did not also enable them to develop spiritually,
                                                                  n
holistically, at the same time.   o there is this great distortion and they
                                               u
were much too far advanced in an area D t their overall spiritual

development could allow. essentially, they decompensated; everyone

of them decomP ensated. 6u~        is P
                                     speaks to something that I think is a

very essential truth. If any of these extraordinary abilities are developed

separate from the totality of the person, it is ultimately deleterious to that

person's long-term spiritual development. It is a .very key point. And for

that reason, it should not be pursued unless the person is on some type of

path or some type of discipline that puts all of this in perspective and, in

particular, enabled tho►„
                       ~t      J' into a high degree of humility on this
         J
Becaii the worst thing that can happen is for someone to develop these

abilities and begin to ascribe that which is a function of the universal, non-

individual state to their own individual ego.     And this does nothing but
                                                                         145
augment egotism -af --saus '"a tremendous amount of internal self

destruction, a very dangerous thing.


Moreover, such capacities which are tapping into this universal state must

never be used except for the common good. It is felt strongly that it should

not be used for selfish or              purposes. Ariti~Chey can be used
                             r destructierl

for those purposes. Because the sword cuts both ways, it can be used for

the good and for knowledge and enlightenment and for guidance and what-

have-you; but, also, these capacities can be used to invade the privacy of

others, to harm others, and to even engage in a type of psychic warfare, for

lack of a better word. And the            mely deleterious and dangerous

applications of this same faculty.


This caveat is extremely important: A warning that such abilities should be

-viewed- an   only4utilized for the common good and for some higher

purpose. 6iff they are utilized for other purposes, even though there may

be apparent short-term gain, there will be long-term, devastating, negative

consequences both for the individual and the institutions utilizing them in

these unacceptable and inappropriate ways.                if our military-

     learned that Yesson, ye?They should by now; I don't think they have,

unfortunately. But, it is a"ue9 "essential thing to understand that these

young guys, these remote viewers who were put through this training
                                                                           146
 program were not doing the remote viewing for great universal altruism,

 Fhey-wrdin-ftfor spy agencies for the purposes of penetrating covertly

 and through non-local mind behind enemy lines for unilateral, nationalistic

 advantage.    Not that I'm not patriotic, but there are consequences to

 utilizing something like this for those 4pes-c#fr"purposes.


 The safest means for the evolution of any of these capacities is for .

 individuals to be experiencing the      a si' - state of oneness whatever'        •

 tradition gets you there. That oneness can be viewed as the hub on a

 wheel and the paths to it are like the spok- .      hey are numerous. Pte`

what is important is the hub,      that centeredness.          Xdi~ether that is

 achieved through one discipline or     'approach or another, 44ti4    is really

 an individual choice and what resonates with the individual. But the
                              /
 important thing to realize is~that if one is on the path leading to that state ---~

 of oneness, which brings with it a tremendous amount of sense of humility

 and the greatness of the Universe and put in -        strong perspectiv

optical delusional, as Einstein put it, pf the individual existence)) then that—'

 is a safety anchor.    So that when these different abilitiesjcapacities~---+

 develop ##tthey are not over—identified (in an egotistical way),with the

 individuals                ese gifts and abilities are, in point of fact, the

 product of something universal. And they really have their greatest value

 to th          hat we have gotten out of their way, to th {axtor f" that the
                                                                            147
                                             n
individuality has been tamed, restrained, and) to                     humbled.

Because, ultimately, there is no more-humtM1rexpenence than to stand at

the threshold of the unbounded and to immerse yourself in it and to

dissolve your individual identity. That is ultimately the depth of self, as it

has been called. The death of little self, of individuality, and the rebirth into

a greater self.


And if a process, such as was used in the military training, does not

achieve that degree of taming of the ego and instilling of a certain

perspective this~and humility, then these abilities end up being extremely

dangerous and, ultimately, harmful for the individual. And..they end up

blowing up in their hands.


One of the most interesting conversations I had was with a National

Security Agency operative, who had been involved in a number of these

black projects and who, quite frankly, asked my advice on this. And I

looked him in the eye and I said,


       "If you use this for anything but the universal good, it will blow up in

       your face and it will harm your spirit for a very long time, for a time

       extending beyond your natural lifespan."
                                                                           148
He just blanched white, because there was an aspect of him that knew that

this was true; and this was why he asked me about thrSr~~           comment

was intended to put this in perspective so that it would not be abused and

would not be used inappropriately.


The humility of self is so important .as these things develo~(         d

something that we all struggle with, because all of us                     are

individuals and egos; but at the same time are awakening to this state that

is beyond the individuality and beyond the ego.        An       there is this

dynamic tension..Bt,Tese abilities need to always be linked to the higher
   A
good and should never be developed unless they are tied to an over-all

spiritual inner development, however yob' Sw~+' you want to view it.

Otherwise, they really are not useful and 'should be avoidec in facjl I

would run from them as I would a lion, unless this advice were being

followed.


With that warning aside, the potential which these remote-viewing and

related capacities have should not be underestimated.             h is a very

important part of the type of gathering of knowledge which has always been

part of human society and will become an increasing part of it into the

future.     The extra-terrestrial life forms that appear to be utilizing

technological and innate capabilities related to this are extremely interested
                                                                            149

in humans exploring this dimension. And, while we cannot prove this, it

appears that the preliminary, but rather spectacular,        successes which

CSETI has had in establishing communication and neaHanding events with

these spacecraft is, in large part, related to the fact that we are willing to

stretch the envelope and step into this other aspect of reality which has

been so long denied by Western science. It is immensely controversial.

And it takes a degree of courage to even give utterance to it, because you

have immediately set yourself up to be debunked, ridiculed, and defamed

by the keepers of the current status quo. But, that shouldn't enter into it.

What is important is that it is the truth; it works. Empirically we can say that

it is effective; but, also, theoretically we can say that it makes a tremendous

amount of sense.     Becau h(ow else would we be able to envision a

dialogue with universal life forms unless we ourselves begin to operate on

a more universal basis?      Even the problem of communication can be

overcome by this. Becau4 ,as referenced earlier, there is a pre-verbal

aspect of thought.      There is a pre-verbal, or non-verbal, aspect of

knowledge and communication. And by accessing non-local mind, whether

it is through remote viewing or other means, one can communicate with life

forms which do not speak englisl      necessarily and it doesn't matter that

they don't. Because through this interchange, this cosmic interchange -W           -~

yQu,want to sPP t -4-you like, of unbounded mind as an interaction occur ;

 e knowledge-stuff, the particle of knowledge, the pure knowledge itself, --`'
                                                                          150

goes from, say, our own way of thinking or what-have-you into this other

state through the universal translator, as it were.; and then into whatever

sort of mind-thought verbal capacity of another life form. It becomes a very

important aspect of communication.           Because it obviates, essentially

neutralizes...Lshould say, the need for elaborate translation systems.

Becai+s~! a~g
            sin, it is pre-verb    is beyond the verbal aspect of thought

and mind; and yet can be recognized and then expressed in any individual

life form language. This is why often you have heard accounts of people

having experiences with people in other cultures, or perhaps even other life

formsand dogs and cats and dolphins and have had a degree of

communication; but it's not necessarily been on the level ofd           ish or

whatever language the person was born into. Because there is an aspect

of thought and mind which is transcendent to or pre-verbal. And.this pre-

verbal level is very important to recognize as an essential tool in any kind

of communication or contact protocol between humans and extra-terrestrial

life forms. This is not to say that they haven't studied us long enough to

know Inglish; I am sure that they do, or panish or s wahili, or w

you. But the point here is that's utterly unnecessary if the communication —i
                                       t
can take place on a pre-verbal level       of then can get translated back into ---♦

whatever level of origin that is relevant. And that is what accessing this

non-linear aspect of mind enables.             4ecomes a very important

component to understanding this whole question.
                                                                               151
  In closing on this concept of remove viewing, I would like to say that,

  ultimately, we are '       by our own belief in our limitations. To the

  that we believe and empower through that belief, that will, this capacityt

  exists. To thq     tent That we do not empower it, or that we do not accept

 J or de-nf affirm it,                  will not exist. Ultimately, we create our—

  own reality. And this is true not only in our individual lives, but even on

  these utters;           arr particularly on thee sort of matters we create

 our own reality.


      ode remember this quote from the
                                   i


                                   the story is)that there was a disciple by a

 body 91 water anh& as assigned the task of walking upon the water.

      Afe was going through all the logical reasons why it was impossible:

1l am heavier than the water, I will sink in the water, I'll do this, I'll do that,


 you know it just isn't possible. And wbaV:;,y master

         "Leave thyself behind, and then walk upon the water."

 Now, the lesson in this is that the individuality, andr the aspect that is
                                         4               J
 identified N
             1


 o           f what can't be, can frequently get in the way of what is possible

 and what is real.


 So, the real limitation is within us. But also the keys to freedom are within
                                                                                      152
  us. And by acknowledging first. and knowing           abut


                                                                  the aspects of mind

  which are non-local and beginning to see how it can be used ands --'

  understand how it can be used and then taking baby steps and

  experien          we will learn that this is something that is very possible, and&.J —_—

  which will open up the door to this state of   berg


                                                               a universal citizen.


                                   QUESTIONS

  And with that, I would like to stop and allow people to ask questions on this

  extremely diverse subject which we have tried to get into superficially.

  Q:     You were talking earlier when these technological applications of

  some of these principles will begin to be seen. It's likely that sometime in

  the early part of the next century, a number of these technologies will begin

  to be utilized.

' Q!                     ar    ,

  A° f   First 20 to 30 years; certainly by the end of the next century there

  will be widespread application here, as well as more linear technological

  developments. Keep in mind that we have been reverse engineering and
                                                                                  .aw
  studying these extra-terrestrial technologies for 40 to 50 years               ,here

  has been a tremendous amount of advance, not total knowledge,

  certain amount of advancement-iI       hraveling these systems:

  Q:     And who has that knowledge? The military?

  A:     The covert group dealing with this subject, which is not the military
                                                                           153
as you usually think of it.

Q:     Is it aero-space type. . .

A:     We'll talk about later what that entity is. It is none of the above and

all of the above. It's a chameleon; depending on how you look at

becomes one thing or the other. But, the point here is that it's likely that at

an opportune time a lot of this technology will be introduced. And wh             --

opportune time is known to us, but I'm not sure we want to get into it. It

essentially has to do with the period of rebuilding after a series of events.

Q:     Steve.

A:     Yes.

Q:     It would appear to me when we talked about people tbatalready had
                                                    a✓
various experiences in these things and then                     ilitary covert

groups, that those people are still only people like we are, humans like we

are; and so if we all were to give them power by saying they are doing all

these things and they are studying these things and they've gotten these

technologies going, it's kind of that polarization thing - them and us.

Certainly if organizations like that can come up with these ideas, so could

anybody. I mean, I guess sometimes out of fear that there`s already people
         G~
out there.t! of know these things and they are going to be using them for

bad purposes, which could be true. But, I would think that, since they are

only humans like us, anyone of us could have access to that information,

if indeed what you said is tru '    at we are kind of all connected to some
                                                                             154
kind of a cosmic mind where all these ideas reside and anyone of u~if we

could just figure out how to tap into it. could get at it. But I was looking at

that picture, that prism, and that's probably how we see life, as all these

bands of light and frequencies          filter it through, you call it the prison,

it could be the prism, of our mind and we end up seeing it as this skinny

little band and one little color. And that must be how life is, because that's

what we are seeing.       But, I figure, that's just our brain kind of not

interpreting things right, properly. And I was going to ask you, if you see

anybody making progress.and how we could teach ourselves on a daily life

to start seeing things differently. Because we've only been living, each one

of us, in the bodies we now have, and have been living this way our whole

lif     sb now we are probably starting to realize what I see probably isn't

all that's there at all. What could I do on a daily basis to kind of expand my

view of things?

A:     The question was how to .on a practical, daily basis to begin to

experience the non-local. And what I would say is that you do already, you

just don't recognize it. What you have to do is become aware of the fact
         //e'     `

tha synchron . ties occur, for example, that intuitive flashes occur. But it's

also important to begin to practice some type of discipline and mindfulness;

whether it's a meditative practice or prayer practice, or some type of -

discipline that enables the individual to become silent, to become reflective,

quiet and to begin to experience mind in its pure and unbounded state.
                                                                                  155
 And that is something that should occur on a daily basis. And as that

 begins to be experienced, spontaneously eople will ind that they will begin

 to have greater intuitive capabilitie-       emote viewing will start happening

                      y will have more pr cognitive and lucid dreams, etc. and
 so on. And so those things which sort-           just added to the process as a

 natural flow of evolutior         the individual begins to experience the non-

 linear and unbounded aspect of mind and reality              he apartness of that

 prison of linearity begins to break down and you find that it is easier and

 easier and more and more natural and'stataeous)o                  step outside that

 prison, or to find that it's really not there at all. ,Afid,~art of it is that you can

 also do it by mindfulness, by making yourself aware that.               . I'll give an

 example of this. One time I was in the Painted Desert on a backpacking

 trip with a friend, this was in 1988, and my wife who was back at home had-e~

                                   ett   g--ha}      because we hay

 children,     that time we had 3 or jnd was concerned if something
                                      r
                             y~
 happened coul   get hold of ê' e. And I picked that thought up when I

 was out in the Painted Desert. So that night before I went to sleep,

 a full moon, and we
                      A
a. n   hile still awake I closed     i eyes and accessed non-local mind. It was           —~

 being done out of love for my wife, which is why I think in this case it

 worked so well; because when it's motivated by love it works the best.

 Keep in mind that the highest manifestation of love is oneness. They are
                                                                           156

the same thing, really. If you love someone or something, you want to be

one with that, to be atone with that. So; when love is operating, this state

of unboundedness and non-locality is potentiated.        And hate and other

emotions have the opposite effect. In this particular case, since love was

bperating-ate# a very pure love was operating there, l thank it was very

efficient.     ,z(   ssing non-local mind, I basically was able see in our

bedroom at home. And while seeing there visited Emily and conveyed to

her that I was OK and that we could always be in touch this way and not

to be worried. And then # showed her where-we were; I showed her the

Painted Desert and the moon and everything exactly w,             were. Well,

my wife is someone who neve~h        -dreams tta            em er     But that

night, at exact)  Iiour that I conveyed this visit to her, she had a lucid
                a
dream wb&€-I'had come to her and shown her where I was and told her

that I loved her and that don't worrr)hat we can always be together this

way    Well, I didn't know that until a couple of days later when I got out of

the Painted Desert and I called,       ife and she-sa      without me saying

anything, she said spontaneously, "You wouldn't believe. I had the most

beautiful lucid dream." And then she proceeded to tell me exactly what I

had conveyed to her. Now, this is an ordinary thing. I am just an ordinary

person.      And this is nothing unusual.      Lots of people have these

experiences. Artd hut, in that case I took the initiative, and you may call

it an act of faith or I took a leap of faith to think that this would work, and
                                                                           157
so said, empowered, in a positive way, aid affirmed it and said, this will

work. And so, accessing non-local mind in a spirit of love ontacted,

communicated with my wife and she received it very clearly, even tho

normally she doesn't have these       a'of experiences      experience/ lucid

dreams. So, F4#+eiCthat's another thing to remember. It's a little bit like a

muscle. We have atrophied our inner muscles, U e-inner muscle %e inner

capacities for remote viewing, for remote sensing, for precognition, for lucid

dreams, for all of these applications of non-locality and non-linearity. We

have simply neglected them and they have atrophied like a muscle that has

been in a cast and hasn't been used for a year or two. And Q           hat has—

to be done is that they f v`eTo4og toe utilized and exercised. So, the ---

combination of some sort of a daily discipline of accessing this centered

sate and peaceful state of non-linear mind and unboundedness, coupled

with going out on a limb occasionally and practicingnd seeing if these —"

things can work for you, are very important. Bpcau j there is a dynamic

that develops. Once you experience something like that t

very clear that the non-local aspect is working or the remote view was

accurat      en that is a positive feedback to the fact that it's real; ands4'he --

doubting part of us that says, ,h, this is impossible because life is linear, I)`~'
                                    a
begins to get softened up and says ell maybe life isn't so linear. Maybe
                          1)
life actually is non-linear. And        eginto the extent that you say, yes

that is true, t                              be more and more an everyday
                                                                         158
experience. So, this positive feedback occurs, which is ver4~ery powerful

in terms of enabling you to go to the next step and the next experience.

But the foundation for all of it is' believe personally, and this is my opinion

        regular daily or several times a day times silent, even if it's
only 10, 20, 30 minutes, to reflect on inner silence and the unbounded

aspect of reality               "

0:     Steve, your comment on the recent demise of these remote viewers

is interesting to me, because I was told several years ago how some of

these remote-viewing people were chosen                    er1aQsen for their

psychic ability, but had complete ignorance that they possessed this ability.

      o, ,it~t{f~iewoulc~ be easier to train?

A:     Right. They were. They were taken. . . it's sad. . . they were really

abused. And let me just say,

0:     They were used as robots.

A:     They were trained as robots. They were taken because they had an

innate but undeveloped capacity that had been revealed through a battery

of tests.   Then they were taken and put through a very rigorous, rigid

process of training, which. while being efficacious in terms of their being

able to remote view, was disastrous for them as individuals. And this is a

very important warning. I am encouraging this man, by the way, to write a

book on this and to elucidate. . .Now, the Defense Intelligence Agency is

not amused and would rather not have this information come out. But it
                                                                                 159
 will. And I am sure that this gentleman will pursue this.

 Q:       The person [unintelligible - alleged?] did he have a change of heart

 since these things have h ip

 A:                                                         ~      e problem is4this ---

 whole program was set up with a certain mandate                a certain National •-'

 Security directive; and then to hat -the realization that, while it worked, to --

 utilize it was so damaging becomes a real problem for these peopl

  ecause they either have to completely drop something that is a very —~

 tempting intelligence gathering tool, or .tom utilize it and suffer the

 consequencesai0ft they would call "collateral damage." And it is my
                  n
 understanding that this collateral damage is still occurring. 2       -c tair~'in

 understanding is that among other places at Los Alamos they have a

 warfare unit that is operating against the extra-terrestrials, but they have

 within other Defense Intelligence structurenother groups that are utilizing
                                                             .G~
 remote viewing for more Earth-based spy purposes                       t-have    i

-Bttt-t    I think that it's quite unwise, and this gets back to

introduction of this book, the concept that information is not knowledge and

 knowledge is not wisdom. And that toiàl Wisdom requires something quite

 beyond the normal information^-gathering and even knowledge based --~

 systems that we have today.               involves being willing to look to the'—"

universal good, and then only doing that which is consistent with that good.

 Q:       Keep trying.
                                                                            160
A:        ight. We can take more questions on the concepts of remote

viewing, non-local mind, i , er-stellar civiliz.tio
                                                             ~I—       ~
                   hardly an exhaustive .s` really just .a r introductory

comments,                                             There is a lot more there.

But do you have questions, or if any of it wasn't clear because of the

abstract nature of it, ask so that we can so           to make it clear for you.

Q:     Is astral traveling just a part of non-local?

A:     No, well yes and no. The nature of our cosmology, of our own

internal life is that there is the physical body and then are a couple of subtle

bodies. One is called! generallyJthe astral body or body of light, one is

called the causal body or the pure thought body, and then, of course, there

is the non-local aspect, the universal body if you will. The remote viewing

does not require the separation of the astral from the physical body. In

other words, you simply can do it with your eyes open or closed and be

there. Now, a more primitive, in a sense) means of doing that is to actually

separate the subtle •bod ' r spirit boe " or astral body from the physical

body and to journey there.        These out-of-body experiences or astral

projections as they havebeen called have been experienced by people for

millennia and 'been very well documented by ethnographers and

anthropologists in most civilizations and most cultures. And ,hat is

something which can occur spontaneously, or one can be trained to do it.

In a sense, it is also using the non-linear aspect because it is not
                                                                           161

dependent on linear travel. In astral projection you cah enablefo go to the

other side of the Universe virtually instantaneously, just as one would in

thought. However, it's in many respects, a more cumbersome and less

sophisticated means of achieving that kind of information than, say, remote

viewing or-say a precognitive dream where you really don't have to go

anywher               ere is no need to go into the process where the subtle

body separates from the physical body, which some people find unpleasant

and which others have argued may actually weaken the connection that you

may have to your body.          S~" Che idea here being that accessing the

universal mind would obviate the need to actually separate subtle body from

gross physical body in order to go somewher- and see so ethin            Now,

..~_ : .c ■ _ :!i - .,~: -               ■ = - =,:~.    _y        is uncertain,

but it appears that a lot of lucid dreams are actually the subtle body going

places, as it were. And, an anecdotal and personal experience of that is

when my wife and I were in Costa Rica. We went down for our anniversary

        years ago. i,ah         awakened in the middle of the night and was

I ying on her side looking over at me. And I was lying on my back like I

always do, like a mummy, when I sleep. And she saw this sort of a light

body,                 -.and she never has these experiences, I must add

parenttheticall ; she's a very grounded, sit-efl karthh--mmothe   ■ - =enerafy

                    saw what looked like a ghost or sbrxof a figure sit up out

of my                                 me sit up and then fly off. Well, at that
                                                                            162
 moment I w s having a very beautiful lucid dream of flying over the Costa

 Rican for st and the Ocean, because we were              the Pacific Coast, and
                                                    o~_
 I was jusfin this state of j                      'd,eGen though it was~66
 in the morning, in the eye of the spirit it was like daylight and eciöould see

 everything with infinite det          the beautiful green fo est and the ---

 beautiful turquoise wate r - :xhen                           nee. And I turned

 over, and here her eyes were like                    oug t I had died.

,ter experience was that she didn't even want to touch me because she
 ' 'f
 thought that I had passed away              heart attack in my sleep        e4-"-.—
                                                                 If
      And so when I turned and looked at her, I said, hat's wron And she
                                                   l
                     a                    ~i
 said, f , you're OK; and I said~Øf course. So tha()apparentl many times

 when people have very lucid dreams, they are in fact doing what's usually

 described as astral projecting, but they are spontaneous events. Did that

 clarify?

 Q:     Yes, very.

 Q:     Did you do this consciously? Flying?
                                                -
 A:     Well, it depends on                     define consciously. Yeah.

 Q:     Did you do it on purpose?

 A:     Yes, I wanted, I enjoyed it. So.

 Q:     Want to know how he did it.

 A:     I mean, spontaneous, everyone does it, I am sure, when they have
                           n
 these sort of lucid, flyinggo places dreams.
                                                                              163
     Q:     A quick question connected with that, is how to access non-linear

     reality suento?

     A:     What do you mean by that. Explain the question a little better.

     Q:     Like deciding what you want to do and then doing it.

     mn-linear mind in a selective way to achieve a certain purpose. This is
a:


     something which requires training.       The first thing, though, is to have

     experiences which open up çi            he individual mind this flavor of

     unboundedness,' whether it's through meditation. Once that happens, a

     certain amount of that experience is needed to build on, so that you can

     then begin to function within this space of the placeless.      I mean, the

     language breaks down, but to be able to function on these subtle levels
                                                               /
     where then you can do specific tasks such as                visiting your

     loved one, or flying over the Costa Rican countryside. So, you know, the

     ideathat you do this after tiaeie.       ' some experien e.    You own the

     experience of what it means to be non-local.       'tfs something that's very

     much a part of you.   Aaa'      nce you acknowledge it and accept itsnd it

     becomes easily accessible to you, then, spontaneously these other things

     will be abig                 And that's how it should be evolve!    it's done

     the other way around where someone is determined to achieve some

     capacity that is non-linear capabty, it then is to the detriment        their

     overall development. A wonderful parable along these lines is the story of

     the Buddha coming across a discipl whom he had not seen in many years
                                                                          164

by the banks of a rive And; the Buddha was about to go over a bridge

  er the river and"he saw this disciple sitting by the banks andjhe turned

to the Buddha, the disciple, and said, "Look Master. I have for 30 years

been perfecting the ability to levitate across the river." And then he did it,

and he levitated across. And the Buddha turned his head sideways, walked

over the bridge to the other side and he said, "Well, you've wasted 30 years

because you could have taken this lovely bridge." The point here being that

those things should be secondary effects of moving into identifying with

universality and universal mind, and those things are best evolved in that

way. Now, with that said, so ler        th~purpose is for the higher good,

certain other abilities are worth specifically developing so long as you are

also paying attention 40 these other, to the central focus of personal

development and developing your human potential.          It is an important

question, though.    The idea of accessing non-local mind is really the

beginning point of many other wondrous experiences, because from there

you can then access these multi-potent states for gaining information4

knowledge, and for remote viewing and other similar experiences. The way

that tb f happens is to know that it is possible and do it. I know that that

sounds very simple, but once you know it is posse , t     then you just do it.

And you do it without the monkey mind of the linear prison holding you

back. You have to step outside of that paradigm and y               empower

this new understanding and then°it will occur. One of the problems in this
                                                                             165

whole field is that, I think, mystics and esoteric teachers have made it far

too complex and made it seem far too unapproachable, when it isrVf" There

is a concept that                his non-linear, unbounded state is closer to us

than our life's vein. That it is so intimate,         so much a part of simply

being an awake, sentient life form, that we don't even see it. It is almost

too close for us to see. And the only way that we begin to appreciate it is

in these states of silence and calm reflection and then it begins to dawn,

sometimes subtly, sometimes          tamatically, where it becomes obvious

that things aren't what they appear to be and what we have been told about

the nature of realit a - : that everything is linear and J flows from point A

to point B       nd that there is separation between mind and matteand
             3
objective is out there and subjective is in herBand the twain shall never

meet. All of th se optical delusions begin to fall away. $t.that dawns

gradually.               at becomes active in the awareness, ther3 it's up to the    —a

individual to          wha3the potential                   at is part of what this
                 see
discussion a       igned to en      n in people's imagination

                                                           are too numerous to

even recount; they are so vas                      ,&n fhe way to start with that
                               GrnJ
is to be open, first of all, wi t°r-them happe       but then secondly, to take --~

some sort of active measure to utilize it fof some higher good and see 1ife;t        —.

supporting and positive purpose. ,Arr<c~fhe average person will be stunned

how effective it is. I was raised a very devout atheist and my family were
                                                                               166

of the belief that if you could not put it in a test tube, it did not exist.

  rough a number of experiences, I came to realiz- that this is not an

accurate portrayal of reality,                    quite fran        One of the

experiences early on when I wa first year : '         ollege wbeH1 was in the ~

dormitory. The do             eighbors right next to us were guys who were

constantly drunk, and I really believe that they had an alcohol abuse

problem, because it was day and night,                          , ref course, this

goes on a great deal on college campuses. I did not drink at all. But it was

     worrisome, and I felt a great deal of compassion. AE           ne day I sat r~

on the little bed in      dorm room and prayed for these guysnd __. _ _.

visualized them           finding their way out of this jungle of drunkonnco         " -'

and self destruction. Well, about minutes later they come down the hall,

knock ~n my do         hey are drunka      com into the room and say and do

a complete      believable soliloquy, saying how much they regret being

drunk and they are never g ing to do it again and they hate being this way.

These are peopleAl never even had a conversation             . Th,ey didn't know

me. I mean, we were there in then dorm; b'4'                   , these were not

people in my social circI 3l will leave it this way. And, but somehow._—.

through this non-locality and this universal mind, they were          ected; and      -

they literallywithin 5 minute came and knocked on the door

completely gone through a transformation. And to my knowledg at that
    A
point they stopped drinking and really had a change. So, people need to
                                                                            167

  be willing to try these sort of things:    prayer, visualization, meditation,

  remote viewing, ~C-#~a~te-             because they are extremely effective.

  But only to the extent that you affirm that they are. And to the extent that

  you believe that they are not, they will not be affected.       is is the area

  where the empirical science begins to fall away in terms of being able to

  prove this to anyone. Beca~4é,~f it's somebody who does not think it is so,

  it will not be so; because for them, it is not so. And their own beliefs

  become their.own priso      afrd there's really not much you can do about

  that. But to those who are willing to go out on a limb and take a chance,

  the experiences f ifl not be at all disappointing\in this respel          Any

  questions about this?

  Q:     I don't know if this enters into it at all; but I've had dreams where I

  have been able to manipulate my dreams. Is that in any way connected?

  A:     Yes. That's a lucid dream. The definition of a lucid dream is when

  you are awake in your dream and then you are able to affect the outcome

  or what happens in the dream. It is related in the sense that you can go

  from that tote~+nUable to intentionally in the dreamstate visit a distant

  location, remote view a distant location. Or, for that matter, encourage a

    pre-cognitive dream where you sort of fast forward to a year from now or
.11 ` r
      years from now or the next day, and just sort of look around and see

  what's going to happen. This is something which is, again, the birthright of

  every conscious, sentient being in the Universe. Not just humans, but other
                                                                        168

conscious life form.And soJ his area is important. en ithe fact that you —

are able to do that in the dream state is :very, very significant. 8ecau-

means that you are at the point where, if you are able to have a lucid

dream and manipulate the outcome, it's one rnoi# teprto ente4i"nth these

other abilities; and so it is just a matter of yoGno}knowing this and trying

it.

Q:     It may be a little on the subject. Can you explain what the Monroe

Institute is. Any comments on that? Is that a worthwhile degree to want to

get?

A:     I'd rather not comment on that on tape. I will say, in general, that

there are many approaches or techniques that facilitate . . .

Q:     That's really my question.

A:     Getting into a state of consciousness where locality becomes less

defined and non-locality begins to emerge. Where being fixed in time/space

begins to fade away and the ability to see, perhaps dimly at first, but

through a veil of this non-local reality, this holographic univers as it has

been called, becomes a clearer and clearer experience. A          ere are a

number of techniques that help with that.       Some are technologically

mediated: tones, tapes, and lights. Others are purely mental techniques

of meditation that assist with this.    And, . 1 think, that the efficacy is r'
                                                                                  -
dependent on the Pperson~and what their belief system is.and what they

comfort level is'and wh1Fi r personality, if they are inclined towards one
                                                                                169

    type of discipline7 vey~us another. And, so, my own background is that of

    a Dantist~Evadic scholar and teacher of transcendental mgditatio
                                                                J
                      ted in transc                           practiced it for years.

    But there are certainly many approaches to accessing non-localit

    any one tradition. And, of course, everyone very chauvinistically will point

    out that their's is the best; just like every religiou    eliever`          their f`

    religion is the only way and the best. But the fact of the matter is, +`that the

    individual spirit should be able to fin

    something that works and then use it in a discipline fashion so that you

    begin to accrue some benefit. If you just go like a butterfly from the latest
                                ~7
    fad or the latest approach or auetMer~ ou may need to do that at your initial          -
                                                                                           _
(        when you are just sort of checking out what kind of discipline works for

    you. ,Beft,nce you find something that seems to work, it is important to

    stay on that.    Bee      ~ia~what builds the momentum in terms of

    developing a path to the placeless, if I can use that analogy. Basically, and

    this is a very key point, is that in the state of reflection or meditation where

    the individual is opening to this unbounded mind, the experience of it

    becomes exp9dential additive. In other words, once it's experienced, the

    second time becomes easier, and the third time even more so.

        e builds a certain momentum,                         ecomes the familiarity

    with not only the process, but the destination, whiff is a non-destination

    because it's a placeless.         And this is    —key point, an aspect of
                                                                                 170
consciousness that I would like to discuss now for just a few moments. The

nature of mind is such that when you experience non-locality or
                                  n
transcendence, you cease to be. You being the individuality. And

again, the          saying, "Leave thyself behind, and then walk upon the

water."   The idea here is )that at the point that if you have a fully

transcendental experience into non-local universal mind, by definitio you

have left individuality behind.

                               ,-   Now, eventually you becomeA              9fUioth

co-existing. .AR    6n e people have that experience from the beginning.
                                                                1
In its fullness, it is called cosmic consciousness.                 should have a

discussion somewhere                          higher states of consciousness,

because it is very relevant.         he main point is tha h     experience of this

universal state of mind in its pure former , you become that, you are that. And

the individuality and theE        f individual self ceases to exist. So
                                                        ..o~
that during experience it is that  of nothingness,   buds a wonderful —'

nothingness. r L m.e&r'4's a nothingness that's full of beauty and potential.

And the sense of time and                  of place doesn't exist. So that after

this experience of transcendence, of this sort of great oneness, you           don't

know how long that                         happene        b~ecause there is no
                                       n
measurement of time                     there's a little bit of disorientation in that --'

sense. It didn't matter   its       for one millisecond or for a thousand years, —

because there was no time. You were at the place of the placeless. And
                                                                              171
you were at a time without time. This is why it's been called eternal. It is

also why it's been called omnipresent. It is omnipresent because it is

placeless. And it's eternal because there, no time.             his state of non- —+

locality and non-linear state, the experience of it results in the individua not

havin at the iia
             time of the experienc          ny sense of self, individuality, time, --

or space. So you are asking now, wondering, what are you experiencing?

You are experiencing pure awakeness', universal                 nessJ And that

experience is a wonderful one. It has beenc Iled many things in many

different cultures. It's been called samador nirvana or various states; the —_

beatific state, I think, in Christian tradition. But, the point here is~that ice.i         5

state is when you are fully identified with the non-local, infinite, and

unbounded aspect of consciousness. And, therefore, individuality and time

and space are not operating. Now, as that                 e occurs, many people

will a     cri   c it in some lesser degree. P won't be             all that clear. ---'

Or       *ill be cxpei ier ILe .t along with some sense of individuality and, time

and space. And over a period of years, perhapsp#or some pPnp , some -f

people would say longer, you begin to be able to operate while             aware

of the unbounded while you are waking, working, sleeping, all the time.
                 ~~
                        to the unbounded aspect of reality is open at all times. ---'

That channel is there; and it's open all the time, at the same time that

you'rq involved with mundane tasks, washing dishes, or                               .--

         hat is a state that evolves gradually for most people over a period of—
~ttc


       o
                                                                              172
years of having e,etiene1has state by itself] that silent, unbounded,

peaceful state of non-locality, of not being fixed in time and sparse •at all.

It is important to recognize, though, that..           something            helps —S

us realize what we carry with us all the timend
                                             "               the fact that we are •—'

awake[And to at extent that we are conscious, intelligent, awake being

that conscious intelligence is always, even if we don't remembe

                                         always awake in an infinite way

always non-local. So, at this moment, you are awake an •fixed ' •              this

time and space into your individuality, but that awakeness is also plugged

into this unboundness, and it is operating even as you read -thff~ or hear

this. So, acknowledging that is v9ry important becau                           yen

while you are driving down the road or something' fo            n access and be

aware of non-locality and you can do certain

task-oriented events.

Q:     That was my question. Do you have to surrender all control in

those situations? And you are saying, no you don't? But do you have to

surrender control for access?

A:     Well, if the desire is to access and        ully experience unbounded —

mind in its pure state, that is the ultimate sacrifi      at is, the death of self.

That is when the individuality basically is suspended and left behind so that
                      n
this ca~in a full value)be experienced.

Q:     Can you pull back if you are experiencing something...
                                                                            173
A:       Yes of course.

Q:       So that you don't lose control.

A:       No, this is one of the big fears people have. The question is do you

lose control? Well, no, because you were just becoming what you really

are. OK. Because that state is simply the experience of what you have

right at this moment. And that is that you are awake, you are reading this,

or you are hearing this, or                    But the fact of the matter is, is

that awakeness is universal. It is non-local. Now, don't confuse it with your

individuality. Your individuality is fixed in time and space and does have a

certain bouquet. But that whereby the individuality is illuminated and is

awake, that whereby the individuality takes on conscious awareness, that

faculty, that aspect is infinite and universal. And, so, the experience of it

by itself does not mean that anything is really lost. It's a tremendous gain.

B& m~people will be concerned about that. And I think that it's the

desire to maintain control or "hold on," is, in fact, one of the big

impediments to experiencing that staYe~       that people are not willing to let
                                       L/
go of self and let go and take that plunge, as it were. And yet, there is

unfounded fear, but an understandable one, because it's about the

individuality trying to maintain control of and maintenance of its existence.

But it's going -.to, anyway;- l.. mean, it's there.   Even if the breathing is
                                              )
suspended and the heart rate goes down and.wtat-have-you, you are still

there.
                                                                           174
Q:     What occurs to me is letting go of outcome is not the same as not

taking action.

A:     Right.

Q:     [unintelligible continuation of previous question]

A:     The comment is letting go of outcomes is not the same as not taking,

I mean. . .

Q:     I take some action but I'm not committed to controlling [unintelligible]

A:     Are there other questions about this subject? We will return to this

in the Chapter on the Close Encounters of the Fifth Kind Initiative, where

we are going to talk in depth about a technique known as coherent thought

sequencing.      Andduring this segment, we will go in depth into an

explanation Qf self-6f an applied principle regarding this. But in closing, and

just as a reminder, actually, because everyone knows this innately ~h~

key to this, and to make this very clear and simple for people, is that every

sentient being in the universe is awake. And that awakeness is by its

nature unbounded. It is not to be confused with the individuality. It is that

whereby the individual can be aware of itself, himself, herself. It is not the

objects of perception. It is that whereby you are able to perceive and be

aware of the objects of perception. It is not the thoughts you have, but it

is that whereby you are able to be aware of your own thoughts. And, like

the Zen practice of not this, not that, it is often useful to say, here is what

it is not. And what you are left with when you eliminate that it is not your
                                                                                175
ego and individuality, it is not your thoughts, it is not your emotions, it is not

your fund of knowledge, it is not your perception              . . . ' is just plain, --

clear awaken~ss, consciousness without              e

               The experience of that pure consciousness is the experience

of your basic and innate non-local self, your non-linear self, the unbounded

self. And it is a very simple experience to have it. By simply being aware

of that statement and going through, n&wwilLdo this la4                meditative —

process where you becom                   f just        eness. That, it becomes

quite clear, is a state free of the usual boundaries of thought, perception,

and ego. An&11 is not a difficult thing to understand or experience, except

that we have made it so.               first step to unmaking that confusion and

unravelling that wet        t we'b@~
                                   ^ entrapped ourselves

             is to say this is an essential part of what it means to be human) .—

and it can be accessed by everyon                  Arld, in fact, is accessed by ---
                                             )
everyone, even in the                       undisciplined way that most people

experience itj in just occasional glimpses of pr cognitive dreams, or an

intuitive hunch, or telepathic experience, or an astral projection tha t`s~

spontaneo                                                can understand that this

state of mind and calmness can be accessed methodically and in a

disciplined way.        rom that~can then begin to understand what it means
                                                                          'A'
to be a universal bein•'      -- - -     fter all, that's what we are. It'~also a

very important concept in terms of establishing the foundation for oneness
                                                                                 176
 in society. l4-                         ,the mysticsnthat one,man could never

 kill another if he knew he was killing himself. Arr&4       ,tPie reality is• thaj,.J _—

 while our individualities are all unique^ fike a snowflake, no two are alikef~              ---~
                                                                             n
 the light, the consciousness, the awakeness that each individuality is

 sustained by is one. It is never divided. So you are awake, and I am

 awake; and that awakeness is one.                       are really one being, not

 individualities. Do not confuse it with individualities, individual thought

_aILtb       a are talking about this essential aspect.                can be rotated"

 very quickly to an understanding by simply doing an experiment, Ks you,

 from time to time, look              d see that they are conscious and awake.

 You can do this, also, with animals and            trees,   d wiTh the Earth and

      the sky. But start with something, you can identify tpci a little more
                                      'i
 easily           another human, and see that they are awake. And then                   -

 subtract frgm that awakeness, if you will, their thoughts, their

 personality heir individuality, their ego, their perceptions, their fund of
                                                                        14~
 knowledge, their body type; and what you are left with is awakeness.

 you do the same with yourself. A              )What you are left with is pure --•

 awakeness; and you really find that, indeed, the most essential part of our

 existence that sustains us as sentient ron eieti 'beings is the same

 amongst all of us. AQrf ftisnever divisible. It is literally one, like the —rn

 current electrifying all the lights in the city. It is all linked i     to the same —~

 source. And that is a beautiful exercise in terms of fostering and creating
                                                                            177
a sense of oneness and unity amongst diverse people; a practice from

which, I think, this planet can benefit a tremendous amount, given our

history of division and warfare.

Q:     Earlier you said you were patriotic. What does that mean to you?

A:     She asks what I meant by saying I was patriotic. What I meant by

that, because I was making some comments indicating that the military had

inappropriately used some of these abilities, and I am sure that some of

them did it for what they thought were good purpose ,nd that is trying to

advance our security, however misguided it might have been. By saying

that I'm patriotic is simply to say that I genuinely love the United States and

I love America; but my first allegiance, I think, is to the Universe, and then

to the planet, and then to the Country, and then to the State and to

have-you. But a certain moderate, sane amount of patriotic love for one's

country and motherland, I think, is appropriate and very natural; because

we were born and raised and grew up in this Country and this land even

if we were immigrants and not Native Americans. I have, of course I am a

quarter Cherokee Indian, I have a particular tie to America; it goes back to

my father's line. But, I think that everyone who was raised, whether it was

Russia or America or Costa Rica or wl~ece~aue- e*, f4H a certain natural,

innate love for i:he people and the country and the culture in which they

emerged.     Atacl sue, I consider that ~a healthy and normal degree of

patriotism. I don't think that toe-k ft4.   divisive nationalism, though, should
                                                                            178
be confused with patriotism.

Q:     Because normally it's just turned around. Everybody's country first,

then the world; so I was trying to clarify that.

A:     Yes, I think that's a paradigm that's operative on one level in

everyone. Because, after all, you are much more protective of your family

than you are of your town, and more interested in your town than you are

in your state, and much more interested in your state than you are your

country. I mean, this is just because of your personal tie. And that      a sorb-~

of more human condition, an understandable state. But we are entering

into an era where it is quite clear where we are going to need to view

ourselves as one people on this planet, and beyond that, one people in the

Universe. And4 at will be_the subject of 3 chapters -froiir ow, wl        a we

                  nceptof the fourrdatrons for interplanetary unity. What is

it mean to evolve from a Denverite or a Coloradan and an American or a

World citizen to an interplanetary citizen? A universal life form? ~rfc~that's

-4-every       rapid step. A&1pe0p1e say, dithat will takemillenniums
           n
The point is frte that you cannot judge the future by looking at the past,

because what has happened in the last hundred years eclipses. O eenturies

or maybe 20 centuries of another time. And looking into the future, the next

100 years will eclipse the next 10 years, and in all likelihood will eclipse the

past 100 years. And so we are in this expediential acceleration of change

and increasing spheres of integration and unity.        And people who are
                                                                               179

holding on to separatism and all theis         acism, nationalism,       sexism,            l

                    Blare going to find themselves in a strange land, indeed

andj are already. But                the universal flow is in the direction of —

increasing circles, like a spiral, of unity and integration. And we are at the

upswing of that spiral jeally taking off in a rapid fashion. A#At will leave ---.

some chaos in its wake, of course. There will be people, invariably, who

will hang on to the old status quo and will resist            and therein lies a --'

great deal of difficulty. But this, too, shall pass.

Q:       Well, resistance futile.      , it's like when you were saying we are

all one of us inside, but it just takes one flip of the switch to turn that on;

but you can't turn on [unintelligible]. So, that's the [unintelligible] the power;

that probably powers that being [unintelligible].

A:       Yeah. The analogies break down at a certain point, because no

matter what anyone does and no matter who they are,4h4s-i.s-wi         someone

is a beggar or a homeless person or a rocket scientist or a saintessentially -~'

all are equal on this level of existence.

~hantar tha wo                                                             T

                                                            smo        AnHtha          i-

                                                         ou wan it1Tow-t       g-+s--K.___

It   you Carl cut that-eff`
                                                                            180
person experiences an extra-terrestrial life form as it is projected t-'--'

consciousness. In other words, a spacecraft is somewhere far away; and

a probe or some sort of energy field, or simply the consciousness of the

occupants is projected into someone's room, whereupon some sort of
                                                                                           —
encounter or meeting happens. Now, contrast that with someone who

an astral being or a deceased relative 4&iHheiiY. You can see where there

might be confusion.


So, t e more esoteric,...as it wer ,/Dr the more subtle the technologies            ---~

     extra-terrestrial life forms possess and can actually apply, the more
             -th
likely it is that heywill be confused} with non-extra-terrestrial, non-physical---

manifestations, such as poltergeists~frghosts          astral beings2or rte/

           ,Because the point of intersect gets larger and larger and larger. —


     this has caused tremendous cosmological indigestion '                 ,the

research community, both in the government circles td tam aware e nd
                 /1
scientific circles~and particularly in the civilian field; because what you findf      --~

for example, you go to a UFO convention, and a woman will come up to

you and say,Mh, I had this extraordinary encounter with an extra-terrestrial;/1
                                            G+W`f.QL
and I will say please explain. And           o on to describe a classic out of

body experience and an interaction with an astral, not extra-terrestrial,
                                                                             181
conscious life form.     It's not a life form biologically; but it's intelligent,

awake, and wia:          - o, but it's on a subtle level that's non-matter, non-

physical matter, & lif
                  ~~an           astralbeing. But th eyQwilkconfuse that with

an extra-terrest-ial encounter, because there are so many points of overlap.

An&4hey=will b comi1etely confused about it.


It doesn't help the matter that the researchers in the UFO community,

generally, are very poorly versed in cosmology; and, therefore, if they hear

of something unusual, they will try to force that round peg into any square

hole they can              In other words, if you wear rose-colored glasses,

the whole world is rose- colored.


And so that these people will hear of someone having an unusual

experience; and, even though it may have nothing to do with an extra-

terrestrial spacecraft or an extra terrestrial life form, they will force it into

that understanding. Why? Because that's all they know and that's what

they are looking for, and whet you a,e4o.oking fo                                   y'

find in this life.       ,that happens more often than most people realize. J


        speaks directly to the cosmological confusion, particularly in the area

of so-called abduction research, where everyone          ho's had any kind of
                                                                            182
 "abnormal" or "paranormal" experience is seized upon as an abductee,

 because they had an out of body experience and something went bump in

  the night. end,-    'tfiere is a real problem with this cosmological scatter.--'


 Now, not to pui: too fine a point on it, but the covert heart of

—geit~~ to-gef +rte                              the whole idea has been ---.
                                                                ..J
 to intentionally muddy the waters as much as possible.          ere has --'

 been a deliberate infusion of spurious data and confusing ac~roucts into this

  area of discipline for the purpose of just completely           ople
   el-4) GtukQ-   ti)
-the other-hay$; utting off and discrediting the field to people who are more

 linear scientists.           you have both things going ory~it's been very

 effective.


      ,tfie cosmology is, in many respects, the most important thing to

 understand; because if you do not accept in your world view, -h'( your----

 paradigm, the existence of these subtle, non-biological beings, thenTany

 experience someone has y u          re go4i4to try to put it in the wro

 category7 (cause that            cosmology is incomplete. A          .neeQVoou
                                                                         ~
 cosmology is incomplete, you are going to deal with whatever you have.

   someone has an experience that doesn't seem to make any sense, but

 it's a little strange; well, let's just call it a UFO or an ET experience, even
                                                                          183
            o-C
though it wa something completely unrelated to that.


So, the need for cosmologicall lookin at this and having a very broad

framework is essential.      ~f it isn't, you are going to be confused. I liken
                                                                             a
it to someone setting sail on the ocean wit a compass, without arudder
                                                                     ? d- ~
without knowing where the North Star isr p

People who enter into this area of research                      enough study
                                                           '
and experience,.quite fran c/with these other realms and eta aspects are --♦

going to invariably misinterpret a lot of the experiences.people-h ie'and

call them something they are not.


     art of the problem has beer    gai4rying to co      se apply; oranges,

and stardus     at you have completely unrelated phenomena that are called

one phenomenon, siigul~r'' Wr en in reality, p    ple are describing multiple

phenomena. And they are related        he sense that the totality of existence
                             r
is really on6 but from the    vel of relative perception we have to be very

clear and scienti~ and say, look, there are whole_ different categories of

experie • -s that people have had that are being called something that they

  e not.


In this case, people who have had paranormal experiences           elieve that

they have had an encounter with an extra-terrestrial; when it is quite
                                                                         184
apparent to anyone who has done any in-depth research into other realms
                             A                 -~-
and other dimensional aspects hat they have^ arj encounter with an astral --+

being, or a spirit guide, or some                            very important

point; -Beca4eQ it isn't accepted,.iLh.isn't understood, then the potential -

for confusion is.s6 huge; mainly because the technology is so sophisticated.


And I return to this concept. . . 4-don't       l1'ow many of you saw the       -7

movie, "The Gods Must Be Crazy?" OK. Your plane                  and.s6you
                                2 1

throw a Coke bottle oLkta in becomes an object of tremendous power and-

conflic9nd all                      We have to be careful that we do not

behave like the tribal people who picked up the Coke bottle tossed out of

the airplane. Becaus',tfiere are aspects of extra-terrestrial technology-

which are extraordinarily confounding and confusing to our current scientific

 understanding; and the tendency would be to say, well, it's either nonsense,
                   A
-t~ it's supernatural ...when it's neither. Its simply a very advanced ----'

manifestation of a technology which we          comprehend,nyet.


And the reverse can happen.        eF~yriecause someon believes that there'"

are extra-terrestrials and UFOs,              ill have an experience with a —

spirit being, but because that person doesn't believe that exists, the

researcher or scientist will interpret that to have been an abnormal or
variant or high-tech manifestation of an extra-terrestrial,

.eitbé      So the confusion runs both ways.


I don't know if this makes any sense.           But if we begin to grasp how

important this is, we will begin to see why there has been such incredible
                                                                   L        L
confusion over this whole subject of UFOs. We have reallyunbalanced in                   '

behaving like the tribal folks who picked up the Coke bottle tossed from the

airplane. ,A'xt is understandable, and we can laugh at ourselves for —~

having done it. But, I think/the time has come for us to k4
                                                          —             move         '—=

b end that. (4s -hoped         at-thisGIipter on cosmology, although ice_-                   -

           es and you can write 14 books on it, will help_c
                                                          _r   _                Aso

th   t o     IP wi I I~$V                                      d all the diffPr      t

type       f fIëñömena that are                                                 no

confuse- th         5 es witn the star


                            QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS


Are there questions about our cosmology?

Q:         When will your book be published? When do you expect the title of

it, if you have it already?

A:         I do. It was not sure; probably within the nexti~ to 12 months is

when it should be out. Many people have asked me, what in the world
                                                                             186

does all this have to do with extra-terrestrials. But it really is a relevant

question, because we have to have a complete understanding of the

cosmos if we are going to begin to understand, not only the extra-

terrestrials, but all the ways in which they can manifest in our environment,

in our time/space reality.      And by having a firmer understanding of

ourselves and a clearer understanding of the complexities of the cosmos,

we will be able to understand just a little bit better the extra terrestrial life

forms that are visiting here.

Q:     I think it's really needed. Because so many of the books that are

available about extra-terrestrials are then channeled from that one person,

one being.

A:     1i,-e mmi sting    r I am glad you mentioned that; we will put it in the

form of a question for the purposes of the book, but for now, subjective

ways of knowing, which have been used for millennium by ancient peoples,

by other peoples, referring now to intuitive knowing, remote viewing, pre-

cognitive information, has to always be tempered with a reality check.

Because, unless it is a shared reality where multiple people experience the

same thing, you have to be very careful about holding it up as "the truth"

or "a reality." There is a very big risk here. And that is that people set

themselves up to be auricteS orw+~at-h        -yc1u.

da       as--NVIt is important to recognize that there is a middle way.

hereTT2hat one can acknowledge that non-local mind can access
                                                                                 187
  iipnformatior   t Ef it is purely accessed through consciousness sub1ectivgl

a'emotely viewed, it still needs to be confirmed                    though t e --♦

  objective ways of knowing. If it cannot be confirmed                , it can be _

  offered as tentative information and knowledge subject to later confirmation.

  Because otherwise, it is too arrogant to suggest that anyone is accurate

  and clear enough that whatever they would perceive would be absolutely

  correct.


  My own opinion is that only the major avatars, prophets, such s a Christ

  figure or Gods is capable of anything that accurate.   nd so that the — -
                         A                  4
  individual human or ETs or whoever you are)who experience that~can use r '

  it for a beginning of knowledge and not necessarily the end, except for your

  own purposes. ~n              yourself, you may be very happy with that. But

  in terms of holding it out to other people, if you wish fd it to be a shared—.-.

  reality, a knowledge that is accepted by others, it needs to          1é44o be ----~

  later confirmed or atleas#.        ~        ac[essed                    "~Ji

  people remote viewing the same thing. When=                    errrd-this is the

  value of having teams of people using subjective means of knowledge

  acquisition doing the same pa                if it comes up with a high degree

  of congruence amongsf the whole group of people, the likelihood is j.'Ihat -

  it is more accurate. But, still,       not 100 percent. It may only be 80 of-$~'~

 X 90 percent; and pa i- 10 percent in some folks. So, it may bed thrrog                 ~
                                                                        188
a glass uarV darkly.


             has to be a sense as iQ)of a tempered restraint, a certain --'

amount of humility.dF~cknowledging, on the one hand these are valid ways -- --+

of knowing. On the other hand, they cannot be held out as objective truth

unless they are independently verified and                           to your

fellow humans.          ,that's a very important point.


                 J               S    ......_--
                    One example, 'in March of 1992)9 were doing a training

in Gulf Breeze, Florida                           ohe'ent thought sequencing

and remote viewing. LVQtTç 411 this sequence I saw three or four spacecraft

coming from the northwest sky about 20° above the horizon. And at the

end of the CTS (coherent thought sequencing), I turned to the whole group
                 w
and saicLth1Well, 20 minuted later in the northwest sky, 20° above the

horizon, here came four ET craft, which we filmed. We have four video

tapes of it. IyQuthat was useful because it was a remote view, it was
                                                   n
conveyed to people,    it was independently verified and there were 50

peoplele w      wt                                            "But had 4i      '
                a                                              ~~u'`~
                                        iW
                                         t, /~.a.•~
not happene9, t                         who kn^w      h c    aybe they were


there but they weren't visible to the naked eye, etc.               But you

would have never known for sure.
                i                                                           189
            q!
Similarly,bat in a little less confirming way, but still highly suggestive of an

accurate remote view, the CSETI,RMIT, the Rapid Mobilization Investigative
                              r
     ~
Team which is our senior research team, was in Mexico in the area of the --,

volcano in February, 1993. And during an extraordinary close encounter,

~'hich-we-will-go into a little lat~-one of these very large, 600 to 800

diameter triangular craft came in, signalling to us, ar(d circled and basically

descended in a landing pattern about 300 feet in the air, very clos~',blose --•

enough that you could see the whole structure. Boom. Right there. Silent.

Well, Shari Ada miak, Barbi Taylorand      +setfwere all tFe~remote viewing ---'

the internal structure of the craft and the pilot or th         commanders or

whatever they call themselves~who is responsible for that craft.           a all

saw the same being and received essentially the same information from him

about why they were there and what they were doing. Now, we don't have

a recorded transcript from this guy; this is a remote view. So it can never

be held gout as being an absolut     o the eneral populatio        But the fact

that three people saw the same being doing the same thingcer          ived'the

same information about why they were there, etc. and so o,As highly ---~

suggestive that tl of was an accurate remote view. 9n4 hese are used

routinely on CSETI expeditions.


                     M
     ,by and large„and one of the problems with subjectively acquired
                                                        A
                                   —
information that is purely channeled As th Tthe question is,the information --'
                                      n                     ~
                                                                       190
     i
     only as accurate as the channel is pure or accuratera'nd that is never

approaching 100 percent. So, the information has to be subject to review

and confirmation, particularly if it's idiosyncratic and only comes from one

person; I don't care who he or she is.                       ne who


doesn't mean that it's not valid; it just needs to be taken within a certain

framework.


It needs to be said this is subjectively acquired, some of it rings true, it may

or may not be true, it needs to be validated                                        •--•

r y people who will say, for example, that they are channeling an extra-----
terrestrial may, in fact, be having a little trick p4ayed on them by their great-

great grandmother and the re         - . - •'     asie so-and-so who's on the

other side having a great time linking up with #heR-~great granddaughter:

             Who knows?


The other point that I make to people is that it's not as if these other life

forms, whether channeled or not, are infallible sources of information.

,y u've got another factor there]         the source that is being channeled --
                              2'haatt
may be no more accurate than wha{rf'fcnow.


Q:       Because they are dead doesn't make them smarter.
                                                                              191
A:       That's exactly right.


     ,,here is this whole question of that kind of informatio       $how it can—

be use ')but also how it can be abused.                         , because of the

commercial nature o~th~sts-a~ endeavors and the                         and

      scination that s4#-e~ follows these things, there is a lot o Eaa~r1 for
      fa
           ~i
abuse. A     ,{'eople have to reo      a reality check on these things and

put it in t#4at--kiR --&perspective. Anything that we remote view in the ---

future, for example, can only be spoken of honestly in terms of probable

futures. Because everything that we say, do, and think now impacts and

affects the future~ ..And so it is in a dynamic state of flux. Now, there are —+

certain mega ends and certain general themes that can be discerned by

remote viewing or precognitively seeing the future. But the specificity, if

someone says on this date, at this place, X is going to happen, well it

or i€'may not I 'And 3t f you have to say,          It is a probable future and —l'

not a certain one.                                       ,' certain degree of

chaos theory enters here where there are so many factors and self-

regenerating processes that can impact the future and the present, that it's

very dangerous to try to get too rigid about what might t}appen through

information that is remotely viewed about the future. S At has to be put —

into a certain framewor ; it has to have certain caveats attached to it, ---'

certain limitations. And within those parameters, t       it's very useful. But
                                                                                   192
  thatappe       'they become very un-usefut and, I think, destructive when

 people exaggerate or overstate their validity or their value without putting

 those-kind-$f'warnings and limitations on it. And that often happens, just

 because people get carried away with themselves; and it's ve             fortunate.


Any of the remotely viewed, anything that deals with accessing knowledge

 in this way can be subsequently,'tbougI            verified.

example; it can either be ruled in or ruled out. I will give you an example

now of something being ruled out. A very famous person who claims to be

a channeler of €in ET who also claims to be incredibly accurate, etc. and so

on, approaches me shortly after I formed the CSETI Project and

pronounced to me, as a medical doctor, that the genetic makeup of all

humans would yo from a double helix to a triple helix on January 1, 1992,

I think it was. Well, I said that's interesting; thank you for that information,

we'll see. So later I got an electron micrograph of DNA that was taken after

that date; and, believe it or not, it's still double helix, not triple helix. So

prediction that-w" channeled by this person was demonstrably false and

could be proven to be so.


-So thissort'f tempering of our enthusiasm is necessary in order to keep

ourselves from losing sight of the valid things which science and

investigation and objective confirmation have brought us.             And what is
                                                                          193
needed here is sort of a balancing of these two, both the objective means

of knoowing and the subjective means of knowing; and the two together in

their highest form will be a golden age of learning and knowledge. We are

in trouble if we only rely on one or the other, or one to the exclusion of the

other. And the time that we are coming into is a time of integration of a

holistic paradigm that incorporates all of the above and doesn't engage in

splitting and choosing.


                 I.
Are there que`s~ons abot cosmology? Because I don't think we have time

to kind of rea#hrough ,III this. VVhatwe might do
                                                ~i         really hit the high

points. You know, it is frustrating, becausifi t whole cosmology would be
                                 i
a fascinating book> _-BG( you know, we are trying to get a tremendous

amount in a relatively small volume; maybe 400 or 500 pages.
