{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T13:49:41Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 505744, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117003-dr-steven-greer-congratulates-clinton-on-2nd-term-nov-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "08f1f7f3502f67a46ea1ccfd36ab8105001ef95f40bf31c2f637c91976c44d08"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 433, "chars": 2615, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
15 November 1996
Dear President Clinton,
Congratulations on your historic re-election for a second term as President of the United States.
As the first president of the next millennium, you will have the opportunity and challenge of
helping to guide both America and the world into a new era of great promise. As a descendent
of people who fought in 1776 to secure the freedom of America, I believe, as they did, that
America is the great hope of the world, and that our vision and spirit - more so than even our
immense material wealth - must lead the world into a brighter future.
In the past six years, I have endeavored to discover the truth about the UFO/Extraterrestrial
matter. We have consulted some of the best minds in the world on whether - and how - this
matter should be disclosed to the public. There has been wide agreement that the time has come
for the secrecy surrounding this subject to end, and for the people of the world to know that,
indeed, life exists beyond our beautiful home, the earth.
I believe that you can leave a lasting and historic legacy, for America and the world, by
facilitating the confirmation of this fact to the public. A scientific, evidence driven and hopeful
disclosure of this information will be one of the seminal events of this century, and I feel that
your support and involvement in so weighty a matter is imperative.
We are moving forward with setting up an historic meeting at the United Nations in February to
coordinate this disclosure. We have identified substantial evidence and important government
and military witnesses to accomplish this goal. I would like to ask you to please consider a
meeting, however brief and at any time or place, where we might discuss these plans, and obtain
your advice and input. Would you consider such a meeting before the end of this year?
On a personal note, the strain of working on this project, without pay and with little logistical
support, has become great. The oldest of my four daughters, Carmel, is Chelsea's age, and will
be leaving for college next year. Having foregone nearly a million dollars in income as a doctor
over the past 6 years to work on this project, I feel that I must bring it to fruition soon. Also,
I have recently been diagnosed with metastatic malignant melanoma, and while I am doing well
currently, this episode has focused my sense that we must move forward with this disclosure as
soon as possible.
Can we work together on this, for the sake of our children, and the generations which follow?
I would be honored to meet with you and your staff, either alone, or with a small and senior

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 109, "chars": 671, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
group of astronauts and military witnesses, including Dr. Edgar Mitchell, who walked on the
moon in Apollo 14, Astronaut Gordon Cooper, and Steven Lovekin, a military aid to President
Eisenhower.
We are eager it for this disclosure to be accomplished in a manner which is cooperative with
you and the Congress, and which redounds to the benefit of all of humanity. To achieve this, I
feel we must discuss this matter at the earliest possible time.
Please be assured of my prayers for your guidance and success, and of abiding respect and
support.
Wishing you and your family the best of all worlds,
Steven M. Greer M.D.
Director of CSETI
Email:
Unlisted nome phone:
enc.
