{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T23:10:27Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 135683, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117032-the-crossing-point-1998.pdf", "source_sha256": "5f3f0aeb08d70241dd4705f55a4912f65963e1e4eb2c69016248da11902a3683"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 577, "chars": 3491, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE CROSSING POINT
Copyright 1998 Steven M. Greer M.D.
Experience and observation combined with insight often yield a new breakthrough into truth and the
nature of reality.
Science (and the pursuit of truth in general) is a coordinated blending of empirical observation with
knowledge, intellect, insight and often inspiration. And just as it is true that no problem can be solved
from the level of consciousness which created it, so too insights into reality and the great scientific
developments seldom arise from the current milieu alone but rather are born from something beyond the
current status quo. It is frequently resisted, even vilified, when first brought forward - and the current high
priests of science are little changed from the Vatican hierarchy who condemned Galileo.
In dealing with the question of extraterrestrial life, this is true in spades. Because the reality which we are
pursuing is intrinsically non-human, non-earthly and therefore outside the tidy box of current scientifi
understanding. By definition, any advanced non-human life form capable of interstellar travel will posses:
technologies which will look like magic to us. And if we view this quest through late twentieth century
anthropocentric eyes alone we are guaranteed to miss 99.9% of the truth. Because the new truth always
hovers just outside the current view finder and even the lens of this viewfinder is lamentably defective.
As we scan the heavens for intelligent life with our much vaunted billion channel BETA system at
Harvard have we paused to consider that our instruments may be akin to smoke ring detectors looking for
us? That is, if our ancestors tried to detect our civilization by looking for smoke ring signals rising from
the forests they would be rather disappointed. For we have forsaken the smoke ring signals for TV and
radio signals - but they would lack the instruments to detect these exotic things called electromagnetic
signals.
Do we really imagine that extraterrestrial life forms - who have evolved on different planets around
distant suns - would really be using twentieth century human technologies? Could it be that - between the
era of smoke rings and something else - the era of radio waves may be a very brief instant in time...a
virtual fad, a fleeting ephemera?
Win thats to le put our radar i take lync scare are an a ly
disappearing from view, what has been really interesting could not have been videotaped or photographed
- indeed the best of it perhaps could not have been measured at all.
This is because the really good stuff, if you will, has occurred just barely in what may be termed
conventional reality. Much has happened on both sides of the crossing point of light - but the most
interesting has been on the other side.
UFOs of extraterrestrial origin simply are not using our current technologies - and if we try to detect and
understand them purely from within the tidy box of current scientific knowledge, we are going to be
sorely disappointed. Indeed, we will miss 99.9% of the data, and the discovery will be hidden by the fog
in our own vision.
What will be presented in this paper will win us few friends. It will be protested as nonsense and it will
raise many more questions than find answers. It will greatly disturb the status quo and upset the
hidebound. It will be used as evidence that we have gone round the bend, as it were, and that the entire ET
matter is just so much hogwash, and so on and so forth. It has been ever thus...

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 678, "chars": 4136, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Nevertheless, while I have personally been extremely reluctant to put on paper what follows for reasons
which will be obvious, it is equally true that this information is the crux of the mystery, and quite possibly
the real lesson which the extraterrestrial phenomenon has to teach us. It is all about going to the next step
- in knowledge, in science, in truth and in personal experience.
The observations and hypothesis which follow will bring together the conventional empirical data of UFO
reports with the more bizarre 'high strangeness' experiences of many close encounters. Once a unified
theory is understood which bridges matter and mind, machine and consciousness, the physical sciences
with the emerging sciences of awareness and thought then and only then will the disparate and seemingly
contradictory ET phenomena make some sense. We are stepping off into a terrain which is our future -
and a hidden current reality, though it is largely unappreciated. Upon reading these pages one may be
confused as to whether this information is science or spirituality or both or neither or.... Choose your label
as you need it and as it makes you comfortable. Truth is always beyond labels anyway.
There is no question that there are extraterrestrial life forms which have found this planet and have been
observed for decades near or on the earth. Some think they have been around for hundreds of years, even
millennia, and still others think they have been here for millions of years. What is certain is that they are
here now. The evidence for this is overwhelming and will not be recounted here.
• Hot did they get it How does and ravil tragh fast intes lar
communicate through such vast distances in real time?
Consider: If an extraterrestrial life form is from a star system 1000 light years away (that is the distance a
beam of light travels in 1000 years while moving at a speed of 186,000 miles per second) it would take
1000 years for such a life form to get to earth traveling at the speed of light! And another 1000 years to
get home again. That is, traveling at the speed of light, it would take at least 2000 years to make a round
trip journey. This is the time which has elapsed since the birth of Christ and it is very unlikely that one
life form would live long enough to get here, never mind back home. And 1000 light years distance is in
our relatively nearby galactic neighborhood. Now let's consider communications. Using radio,
microwave, TV or any other electromagnetic signal currently en vogue now on the earth, it would take
this ET 1000 years (at the speed of light which is how fast EM signals like radio waves travel) to
communicate back home once he arrived here. And another 1000 years for the ETs' home planet to
answer back. Another 2000 years!
Obviously, any star-faring civilization, perforce, will have developed technologies which operate outside
of the current twentieth century earth gadgets in use today. Way outside, in fact. So far outside that an
entire ET craft could (probably has) hovered right above the SETI radio survey project and they never
'saw' it. Why? We were looking with the wrong instruments. We are trying to detect civilizations which
are not human with strictly 20th century current technologies. But is there another way?
By definition, as you can see from the above analysis of the time delay in 'speed of light' travel and
communications systems, any ET civilization capable of getting here from interstellar space will be using
technologies which bypass linear time/space as we know it. That is, they must drop out of linear time
space reality and actuate communication and travel using technologies - and spectra of reality - way
outside of the electromagnetic spectrum currently being used by Harvard and SETI to detect them.
Just as x-rays, gamma rays, UV radiation, infrared radiation, radio waves and the like existed before we
had instruments to accurately measure them so too do spectra of reality utilized by advanced ETs. That is,
ETs are using aspects of the physical universe which are beyond current non-covert scientific instruments
to adequately measure.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 706, "chars": 4171, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Remember, we did not invent gamma rays just because we finally developed scientific instruments to
detect them. Gamma rays existed for eons before we 'discovered' them. They existed, but since they were
outside of the visible spectrum seen by the human eye, they were not perceived.
Similarly, the ETs are here, but usually exist in spectra of energy outside of current civilian instruments to
measure them. Occasionally they pop through/into our measurable reality and end up being seen,
photographed, land and even crash (or get shot down). They then will leave traces on a radar scope, or
create a significant field flux in certain energy spectra, such as microwave, ultrasound and the like. But
then they are gone. To....where? To...what? To ...when?
Indeed, this is the real challenge. After 35 years of observing these objects at various times, I am
convinced that through frequency shifts and very high energy physics, these objects and the life forms
within them move between linear space time and other spectra of physical energy and physical
reality outside of current detection capabilities. Some have called this inter-dimensional or multi-
dimensional shifting, verbiage only useful once defined clearly. But once understood and experienced,
you find that it is other dimensional in the same way gamma rays would have been supernatural to
cavemen: in reality, all of these 'dimensions'
are not so 'other' after all, but are part and parcel of this
reality and folded away within it.
Unfortunately, some researchers have concluded that the UFOs are not extraterrestrial but are rather inter-
dimensional instead. It is quite clear to us from our own direct research that they are both.
That is, the nature of the ET reality is very much like our own -only they are using a bit of a wider
spectrum of reality for travel, communication and related tasks. This wider spectrum crosses over into
phenomena which some have termed inter-dimensional and the like, but in reality it is all present within
this reality, only it is finer, more subtle and currently unmeasurable by our scientific instruments in the
civilian arena (covert programs do have such capabilities).
To bring this discussion into focus and tangible reality, consider this account from a CSETI military
witness.
One evening I got a phone call from a gentleman who had worked in the Air Force and also with Kelly
Johnson at Lockheed Skunkworks. He had called ostensibly to offer to be one of the CSETI military
witnesses to UFO events - but his larger purpose was to get my feedback on an experience which he had
in the early to mid 1960s. At that time he was studying a tradition which helped people to have so-called
out of body or astral projection experiences. This is when the subtle or astral body leaves the physical
body and flies off somewhere. One day, his teacher told him that he was ready to have such an experience
fairly soon, and that evening he indeed had his first OBE (out of body experience). But what happened
really surprised him. After many disclaimers on his part to the effect that he was an altogether sane and
rational person, and apologizing in advance for going into something so strange and bizarre, he related the
following: As soon as he left his physical body, he shot up through the ceiling of his house, into the space
above - and then slammed into the side of an extraterrestrial spacecraft hovering somewhere high in our
atmosphere. As he did so, he literally rocked the spacecraft (remember this is in his astral body) and
popped into the craft, whereupon he saw some ETs at a console who looked over at him, saw him, and
had an expression as if to say, 'My God, why don't you watch where you are going!'
I have no doubt that this man is telling me the absolute truth about what he experienced. I have no doubt
whatsoever that he had an OBE, went out into the space above his house uncontrollably, and slammed
into an actual ET craft - which was hovering in an energy form closely akin to whatever energy form we
are in when we have an OBE or a very lucid dream.
He rocked the spacecraft with his astral body and the ETs inside saw him (and he saw them). Now

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 690, "chars": 4145, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
consider: what form of energy was this military man in and what form were the ETs in? If the ETs were
the same as an angel or a ghost or the like, why would they be in a technologically advanced spacecraft
operating a computer console? Angels do not need computers....
Now, this man - who was very timid about relating this story to me because he thought that I would
consider him a crack pot of some type - was surprised when I explained that this is a very common
experience and went further to explain the nature of ET technologies as they function beyond the crossing
point of light. That is, the spectrum or aspect of physical energy which ET craft and people are capable of
shifting in and out of approximates what the mystics and ancient traditions would call the astral field or
plane. That we cannot adequately detect and measure this component of reality is no reason to dismiss
empirical observation and experience. After all, empirical observation and experience is the mother of all
science. Remember Newton observing the apple falling from the tree.
But what is the connection between this so-called astral or etheric aspect and ET technologies? And why
are they related at all?
To understand this we have to ask the question "What is beyond the crossing point of light?". That is,
what is beyond the light barrier - what do you experience when you exceed the speed or vibration of light
and electrons and even subatomic particles? What exists when you traverse that barrier and go beyond the
speed of light and the frequency and energy of matter?
By definition any ET civilization which is here has interstellar travel and communications capabilities.
This means that they operate on the other side of the light/matter barrier as easily as we use radio signals
and fly on jets. This is their reality and world. This is their cell phone and automobile. This is their
existence technologically, theoretically and every-day practically. But it sure looks like magic to us.
Consider this: When you traverse the veil of light, what do you find? What is beyond the crossing point of'
light? How do the physics work? What is space and time like? At that level, can we measure a thought
and call it a thoughtron? Can mind and machine become integrated and operate seamlessly? What is life
like there? What is experience like? How would we know that reality?
To begin to address these issues, however briefly, we must elucidate a cosmology which can
accommodate the observed facts and experiences from both sides of the crossing point of light/matter.
Here, I must digress into my own understanding of reality, inwardly and outwardly, and will ask for your
patience in advance. This discussion will take us into areas which make many uncomfortable, especially
those with scientific backgrounds or very conventional religious backgrounds. What I share here is
admittedly from my own experience and background and so I ask your forbearance in considering the
ideas and terminology which follows.
First, let me state my bias: That God exists and is omnipresent in every way imaginable. Now, this is
quite counter to my up-bringing and training since I was raised a very devout atheist by parents who did
not believe anything existed which could not be measured in a test tube. Nevertheless, my experience has
shown otherwise and at any rate God exists whether we acknowledge Him or not...
Therefore, the cosmology which I present below factors into the equation the universal component of
mind, which some may call the impersonal aspect of God. The Great Mind, the Universal Mind, the Pre-
existent Mind, the Absolute.
As I have come to understand this cosmos, the basis of all existence - every atom, every star, every
molecule and every person - is a non-local essence which is present at every point in time and space and
yet is bound by no point in space or time or matter. This essence is awake, intelligent and knowing. It is
conscious. It is mind. It is the awakeness of awareness, the undifferentiated pure intelligence and mind of
the universe. It is present in every blade of grass and pervades the vacuum of space and the farthest

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 674, "chars": 4097, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
reaches of the universe - and yet it cannot be divided or localized to one point in space or time or matter.
That is, it is a unitive state, present always, but indivisible, and its effect is to create a oneness without the
possibility of division. Its effect also, once recognized, is to make everything non-local, that is every point
in space and time is a window, an entry point to every other point in space and time. The permeating,
integrating aspect of this intelligent essence is such that all that exists is always connected and actually
accessible through this non-local, integrated aspect of existence.
The structure of existence is that this non-local, conscious and intelligent component of existence is
unchangeable and is unaffected by relativity or changes in space, time, matter and so forth. And yet
paradoxically it is very present in every grain of sand and every galaxy - only in a form which is always
one, indivisible and whole.
Through its organizing and integrating aspects, non-locality exists at the very local level, whether one
considers the microscopic or macroscopic level of existence. That is, the cosmos is integrated in such a
fashion that there is absolute integration at every level - and so the mystics were right when they said that
one could behold the cosmos in a drop of water.
From this Pre-existent, Absolute field of intelligence and consciousness emerges all else. Again,
paradoxically, the unified field of consciousness and intelligence, while indivisible, is present at every
level, no matter how small or large. The Absolute remains the Absolute - and yet it is present in every
quark - but not bound or limited or divided by the quark.
For this wonderful Nothingness (which is the fullness of absolute awareness) to give rise to the expressed
cosmos, with all of its stars and galaxies and atoms and peoples, a creative process exists which is at once
simple and elegantly complex. That is, from the plane of the Absolute - that pervasive, ever-present and
indivisible state- creation comes forth and is maintained by what has been termed the Creator aspect of
God. The critical elements of this process are will, the sound component of thought, then the visual
component of thought and then the structural aspect of the astral world and then the matrix of the material
world, expanding and encompassing the entirety of the universe.
The Creator aspect of the Absolute, through the operation of His Will, creates the cosmos from very
subtle to very material as follows:
• The sound
component of pure idea-forms/thought give rise to the aspect (you may think
dimension if you must) of the universal which is the sound quality of the idea/thought for each
and every created thing - whether an ant or a galaxy. Evolution and change occurs around and
through the blueprint of this initial idea form of creation. The entirety of the cosmos exists as and
through this sound component of thought. The essence of non-local, omnipresent
mind/intelligence is present at this and every stage which follows. In some traditions, this
idea/sound component or form of the entire universe and everything within it is called the 'causal
or causative world'. In Biblical and other traditions I believe this is what is meant by the Word of
God, 'In the beginning there was the Word...!.
The sound/idea component of thought then gives rise to a less abstract but still very fine and subtle aspect
which some have called 'astral' but which I prefer to regard as the conscious-intelligent visual (CIV). This
aspect, which has within it the blueprint causal or idea/thought/ sound of the causal world, is more
defined and is 'seen' or visible as expressed thought-related forms. It is vast and beautiful and many lucid
dreams involve interactions with that realm or aspect. The military man who had the out of body
experience had an astral or CIV body interaction with an ET craft, which was phase shifted primarily into
this energy form or aspect (more on this later).
• Absolute, undifferentiated Mind, together with the causal idea/sound/thought form and the CIV or

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 713, "chars": 4379, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
astral form create a matrix which supports or gives rise to the so-called material universe. The
blueprint, if you will, of ideas/thought/sound and subtle CIV form actually supports and helps
create the more gross or expressed material universe. But the material universe has within it the
unitive, indivisible Absolute mind, as well as the causal and CIV aspects. Indeed, each and every
aspect of the expressed material universe which science can study and measure with current
instruments has associated with it all of these finer aspects or spectra of energy. It is incorrect to
regard, therefore, these aspects as purely distant 'other dimensions' since the warp and woof of
the material cosmos is conscious, thought form based and has an astral or CIV matrix within it (or
associated with it).
This rather brief and simple overview admittedly leaves out a number of details, best left to another
treatment. However, it should be noted that at each level described above there are many gradations and
expressions of detail. That is, the causal and CIV aspects have within them a multitude of differentiations,
expressions and laws of function much like the material cosmos has fine sub- atomic particles and vast
swirling galaxies and clusters of galaxies. Indeed, the details and laws affecting these vast realms dwarf
those of the material cosmos and it is too obtuse a matter to elucidate in this paper.
The human being (and this would include other non-homosapien higher intelligent life forms, i.e. ETs)
has every aspect (or dimension) folded within him. Human consciousness, or spirit, is always connected,
however unknowingly by the individual, to the Absolute conscious being. In fact, as mentioned earlier,
consciousness or pure mind in its essential aspect is simply that whereby we are awake - or that whereby
we are. It is a unitive state and is not divisible. It is always essentially one with the Absolute, but we are
trained to see only multiplicity and separation. Thus individuation overwhelms the unitive state - and we
think we are separate. It is a perceptual defect which the practices of all religions, in the form of rituals,
prayer and meditation, attempt to correct.
An ancient Sufi tradition attributed to Ali states "Thinkest thyself a puny form when within thee the
universe is folded?" This rhetorical question serves as a reminder of the holographic nature of mind and
the human being's potential place in the universe: Through the experience of the non-local, omnipresent
aspect of mind or consciousness, every aspect of the universe can be directly accessed and experienced.
This is because the non-local aspect of consciousness is essential to awareness itself. It is always 'there'
and need only be experienced.
This aspect or nature of mind is why people occasionally have spontaneous experiences of non-locality:
They will have a dream and the next day, or the next year, the events perceived in the dream will unfold
precisely as seen. How can this happen?
The nature of mind is that it is unitive, indivisible and present at every point in time and space - but bound
or limited by no aspect of space or time. This means that both distant points in space and time can be
accessed through this faculty. Human history is filled with such accounts, and while they are generally
dismissed as curiosities by modern day science, in fact they hold the key to understanding the next great
leap in scientific exploration: The study of consciousness and non-local reality.
In the lucid dream, the individual experiences increasing non-locality as the so-called astral or CIV aspect
of the person awakens or perceives a distant point in space and/or time. This is less mysterious once we
understand that mind or consciousness is always existing in its basic nature as a unitive state which
transcends the limits of both time and space. Through it, any point in space and time can be accessed, at
first one at a time. This should not be confused with the prerogatives and powers of God however. God,
the Absolute universal mind, knows all things at all times and at all places, all at once, all of the time. But
the individual person, through the faculties described above and by the very nature of the unitive state of
mind which is essential to his basic awareness, can experience precognition, inspiration, intuition, remote
viewing and the like.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 714, "chars": 4422, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dr. Robert Jahn at Princeton University has studied another aspect of this non-locality of consciousness
as it pertains to mechanical systems. The reader should study the results of these experiments which
demonstrate that mind and thought, directed for example at a random number generator, can affect the
outcome of the device. This can be accomplished because there is a nexus or link between awareness and
matter: the warp and woof of matter is woven in with consciousness and in fact is simply mind-stuff
expressed at a different frequency. Thus, an individual can affect his body, another person's health
through prayer and visualization or even mechanical systems via thought and consciousness.
Dr. Larry Dossey and others have collected many interesting scientific studies which demonstrate this
non-local nature of mind or of reality. The reader should study these for a fuller understanding. History is
filled with accounts of such enigmas: the person in prayer who spontaneously levitates, the adept who can
materialize or dematerialize objects or teleport objects across the room etc. While easy to dismiss as
anecdotal or superstitious tales, the history of humanity as well as recent scientific experiments clearly
establish that consciousness is non-local, can operate outside of time and space as we define it and can
clearly affect distant inanimate objects or machines.
This is easily understood once the basic cosmology is appreciated: Consciousness is never divided, is
present everywhere, is never limited by space or time and yet paradoxically is present at every point in
space and time - in every atom and throughout every galaxy. Thus, the interface between consciousness
and matter is essential, not contrived or difficult. Actuating events, then, becomes a matter of working in
this nexus.
In previous papers I have discussed some of the unusual technological manifestations of ETs in recent
times. Many of these aspects of ET activity get left out of reports or get suppressed even by main stream
UFO organizations and researchers because they are so far out of the 'box' of conventional scientific
norms. But it is precisely these unusual manifestations of ET technology which should interest us the
most: They are the ones which will open the door to new understandings of the universe which make our
current scientific knowledge look like kindergarten musings.
Back to the main problem: How are ET craft and personnel traversing the vastness of interstellar space
and time? Well, it turns out that the rigidity of that vastness of space becomes quite flexible and can be
largely bypassed once you frequency shift to the other side of the light barrier. In one quantum
movement, the ET craft and all its occupants phase shift to a finer aspect of the cosmology outlined
above, and exist then in an aspect or dimension which is more non-local than the material universe known
to modern science. That is, the observed phenomenon of these objects which often seem to disappear and
then reappear instantly at a considerable distance is due to the fact that they can phase shift in and out of
the fixed time/space material aspect to one which is inherently more non-local. (Yes, non-locality is
relatively relative.)
From what I have observed, this is done through very high energy physics and electronics which literally
phase shift, in one quantum leap, the material ET craft and all its occupants into an aspect of the
cosmology which closely approximates what was described above as astral or CIV. This is done through a
complex interaction between powerful rotating electromagnetic fields and the gravitational field and mass
inertia. When the craft is on this side of the crossing point of light, it is seen like any other material,
manufactured object, but it can maneuver in ways which appear to negate mass inertia and gravity. Once
it phase shifts onto the other side of the crossing point of light/matter, it seems to disappear. But it has
not. It is in that place beyond our SETI Beta radio wave survey - the place where our military contact
bumped into them in his astral body!
While in that form or energy spectrum (or dimension) the craft can hover, or move within the material
universe at many, many multiples of the speed of light. The velocity is non-relativistic, at least as
measured on this side of the light barrier. However, 1000 light years will not be traversed instantly

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 660, "chars": 4145, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
because there is an element of 'drag' as it moves in this aspect through the material cosmos. Put another
way, there is a component of the object which adheres to the underbelly of the material cosmos and there
is a coefficient of cosmic drag which prevents the transport from being instantaneous across vast
interstellar distances. Operating, then, in a sort of "junction' between aspects (or dimensions) the ET craft
can phase between either. Actually, it can also be partially in both.
The spacecraft then can be hovering outside the SETI Institute - and remain undetected by them unless it
pops into the material aspect fully and then only if the people in the building bother to look outside, see
the device - and honestly report it.
Similarly, ET communications systems are ones which interface with mind, thought and computerized
telemetry. For decades, people have reported having what has been dismissed as telepathic experiences
with UFOs. As soon as such accounts are admitted to, the scientific community howls and tosses out the
entire case. Alas, they have tossed out the baby and the bath water. As Dr. Jahn and Dr. Dossey and
others have demonstrated, mind and thought can interface with and affect material - even technological -
systems. What is obvious from 35 years of experience with this phenomenon is that El communication
protocols are not using AT&T microwave systems to communicate in real time through interstellar
distances. This cannot be done. They are using computerized systems which are advanced enough to
interact directly with thought and consciousness, and by so doing access non-local spectra of energy, thus
bypassing linear time and space.
Literally thousands of people have had interactions with these objects which have a thought/matter or
telepathic component to them. I feel that we dismiss such accounts at our peril, as we may be slamming
the door on the next great science: the science of consciousness and its interface with material and
technological systems.
Do not confuse these systems with current human experiments with brain wave activity and links to
computers: those are still using electromagnetic energy which only travels at the speed of light. The ET
systems referred to here operate on the other side of the crossing point of light and, while technologically
energy are being utilized. The communication systems do not have real time delays due to the coefficient
of cosmic drag mentioned above.
Essentially, there are spectra of energy which are sub-electromagnetic and sub-material - but which are
nevertheless very real and very physical. The use of the term meta-physical in relation to this area is very
incorrect and time-restricted: A hologram or a flashlight would be metaphysical or supernatural to a
human 500 years ago! This is a key point, that the energy and spectra of energy referred to here are
send be as percy ages the e origin out be outs
naturally occurring aspects of the creation. They are all around us and within us. It is not 'other'. It is not
supernatural. It is not metaphysical. It has simply not been studied and understood adequately by modern
science - and it has been by advanced ET civilizations which are interstellar competent.
There are numerous accounts, dating back for decades, of very ordinary humans seeing one of these ET
craft and directly interacting with it by thought alone. That is, the person may think 'Oh, I wish it would
move to the right' and the craft will move to the right, or as it starts to leave he may think, 'I wish it would
turn around and come back' whereupon it immediately stops, turns and comes over. A few such accounts
may be dismissed as coincidence. But there are so many of them that empirically one must reach the
assessment that these objects have telemetry capabilities which can interface with directed thought.
As I have written elsewhere, this class of ET technologies may be viewed generally as consciousness
assisted technologies (CAT) and technology assisted consciousness (TAC). That is, their technologies
utilize that nexus referred to above where mind/conscious thought interface technologically and

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 664, "chars": 4072, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
reproducibly with matter, machine, communication devices, etc. CAT is when the individual (or group)
consciousness and thought assists or interfaces with a receptive device. TAC is when a device augments,
projects or assists an individual or group's consciousness or thought.
For example, CSETI has located a former Bell Labs/Lucent Technologies scientist who, more than 35
years ago, while working on a covert research project, was given an ET communication device by a
general. This scientist was asked to study and reverse engineer the device - that is, take it apart and figure
out how it worked. Here is his story.
Upon receiving the device, which was a round object about the size of a grapefruit, dark and textured on
the surface, it began to 'speak' to him directly in his awareness with thought. He was startled by this -
especially when the device mentally told him that the people who had asked him to study the object had
malice in their hearts and that the scientist should destroy the device!
After struggling with what to do about this conundrum, the scientist 'accidentally' over-heated the device
in an experiment and it was destroyed (at least materially). But after it was destroyed, he heard one last
thought which said 'Thank you...'
I know that this sounds very strange. But the strangest things are true, and this account is one of those
very strange but true accounts. We may wish to run at light away speed from such information - and go
back to our radio signals. But the future is here and if we do not meet it wisely others -like the general
who originally provided the device - will hijack the future to places where we do not want to go.
Over the past 8 years, CSETI has gone all over the world pursuing this phenomenon and observing its
manifestations. Others are better at photography, landing traces and the like. There are dozens of day light
photographs of these devices. There is radar evidence. There are over 4000 landing traces documented by
Ted Phillips. Dr. Richard Haines has hundreds of pilot accounts of these objects.
Our purpose has been to interact with these ETs on their level. To consider what their reality is and to go
there. It is an experiment and an experience. It has been mind-blowing for all concerned.
Over these 8 years we have had experiences and seen phenomena which involve every aspect of what has
been described qualitatively in this paper. A brief listing of this phenomena follows:
RV X 2. (See CSETI training materials) Our experiment, the CE-5 Initiative, involves numerous
protocols, some obvious and practical, some very experimental and immensely controversial. One
of the controversial protocols involves group access to non-local consciousness followed by
remotely viewing (through consciousness) ET craft or persons which may be at a great distance
or which may be nearby and phase - shifted beyond the visible spectrum of human sight. Once an
object or person is 'locked on' and viewed, the process is reversed and the object or person is
directed to the CSETI research site via CIV / visual thought component vectoring. That is, the ET
object/person is shown clearly our coordinates and location via the CIV component discussed
earlier. The CSETI research experiment in this protocol attempts to RV (remote view via
consciousness) the ET object, connect to its CAT telemetry system and vector or guide the object
to our exact location. Essentially, we are doing in a dynamic, applied setting what Dr. Jahn is
doing at the Princeton PEAR lab experimentally: Connecting clearly directed conscious- visual
thought to ET communications devices and attempt to do so with adequate precision so that they
see us and we see them, and a trajectory is established for contact.
I am quite aware how ridiculous this may seem to some. But this is an experiment which not infrequently
results in an object popping in over head - or more. While using lights, lasers and radio signals to vector
and confirm contact, the core of the protocol does involve CAT (and often in response from the ETs
TAC- see below).

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 475, "chars": 3118, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Key to RV X 2 are the following components:
• Human access to the non-local component of consciousness
• Remote viewing of ET objects or persons with accuracy
• Connecting to ET CAT communication systems while in the CIV mode of awareness
• Clearly vectoring (guiding) the ET object into the research site area through sequential
and coherent visual thought which shows the site from deep space down to the specific
details of the site.
• RV'ing the response if any from the ETs prior to appearance (interactive RV mode)
The entire protocol is done with the clear intent to establish peaceful contact and relations with these life
forms.
During RV X 2 often more than one person will 'lock on' to the same object or life form and receive the
same information regarding its location and/or time and place of appearance. This information is regarded
as unconfirmed unless an actual event seen by the group confirms it.
As a result, during these experiments around the world, we have had the following general types of
experiences which demonstrate the technologies referred to earlier:
• Sudden appearance of large structured craft (discs, triangles etc) which 'pop in' and then vanish in
seconds and even a fraction of a second, but which is witnessed by multiple people
• Longer term appearance of objects, up to many minutes, which then disappear (phase shift out of
visible/material perception)
• Intelligent probes consisting of ball shaped objects, of various colors, which come over and even
within the group and which are not only intelligently controlled, but are themselves conscious and
intelligent (advance AI - artificial intelligence). Usually these are translucent to slightly opaque
red, blue, green or golden spheres ranging in size from 6 inches to 1-2 feet. They interact
consciously with the individual or group and then vanish. They are most likely demonstrations of
TAC where the consciousness and thought (even personality) of an ET on board a craft is
technologically assisted and projected in a controlled fashion into the group.
• Anomalous beeping or high pitched tones which have an omni-directional component, as if heard
from all directions at once. Often these occur after projecting over radio waves the CSETI
beeping tones which are routinely transmitted from the site.
• Anomalous electromagnetic effects (EM) on equipment, cars etc. Often, equipment will fail with
a close approach of an ET craft, as happened in Mexico in 1993 when an 800-foot diameter silent
triangle approached the group and all cameras and other electronic equipment failed. Other
manifestations include setting off radar detectors, laser detectors, car electronics dimming down
or browning out, electrostatic energy on peoples' skin or clothing. On multiple occasions my
compass has rotated counter-clockwise around the dial as a counter-clockwise rotating craft has
approached. During one CIV/Material interface case (see below) the compass changed magnetic
north to almost due south (off 160 degrees) and remained that way for nearly 3 months. It now
works perfectly fine (until the next very close encounter!)

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 716, "chars": 4414, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Fast-walker interactions. Frequently, after RV X2, the group will experience multiple objects
which initially appear to be satellites - but which interact with directed thoughts or signals. For
example, a high-flying object will, as soon as a thought command is given, stop or change
directions abruptly. Satellites do not back up, make right hand turns or descend suddenly and get
brighter while interacting with people on the ground. These types of events have been witnessed
by dozens of people during multiple CSETI research events.
• CIV/Material interface phenomena. This is a broad category of phenomena when ET objects are
just on the other side of the crossing point of light and matter - and begin to 'bleed through' to this
aspect or dimension. Frequently the team will observe sudden strobe-like light discharges all
around us. These are not retinal firings from the eye since multiple people see them at the same
instance. Subsequently, the form of an ET craft or even individual will appear faintly and then
will form - as if some type of shimmering electronic hologram. These have appeared within the
group itself or within a few feet from the group. During such very close encounters there are often
multiple phenomena occurring: RV'ing of objects along with visual perception of scintillating
craft or people, AI probes coming into the group and anomalous sounds being experienced. Not
infrequently, participants will report being touched by someone, but when they look only a faint
shimmering glow is seen. During prolonged events of this type, an unusual time/space dilation or
contraction will occur: time seems to stand still - or proceed very quickly and the space around
the group becomes more defined. These types of encounters have had durations of over 2 hours or
may be very fleeting. In England in 1998, near Alton Barnes, after first seeing a very large
circular craft on separate nights which would pop in and disappear in seconds, the group had the
same object descend around them in a scintillating, sparkling form complete with discreet areas
of ET life forms seen shimmering, spaced between each person in the group! The temperature of
the setting raised at least 10-15 degrees Fahrenheit. All participants saw the object and the life
forms. None of them were fully 'hard' material, but rather remained only partly in this dimension.
In 1997, while in England on a training expedition, my trusted colleague Shari Adamiak and I were
upstairs in a room in the manor house which we had leased. The remainder of the team, about 6 people,
were out on the manor grounds. Suddenly, I saw a blue white light or object fly through the closed
window and into the room. It hovered over by the fireplace and then expanded to become a shimmering
ET about 3 feet tall, as if a subtle electronic hologram had appeared. It was conscious and sentient. It was
just barely material and visible, but clearly so. This was an Al projection of the consciousness and
CIV/astral form of an ET which had been projected into the room. What the other team members saw
from outside (they were not initially aware that we were in that room and did not learn of our experience
until the following morning) was a blue white object swooping down from the sky and flying into the
window of the room where we were located. They all saw this object, but were unaware of the further
experiences which Shari and I had with the person. This is another good example of TAC.
• Lucid dream state interaction with ET craft and/or persons. Because the ET technological reality
allows them to move seamlessly between the CIV dimension and this material one, and since
their communications systems prefer CIV transmission modes, frequently individuals (and
sometimes more than one individual) will have a detailed interaction during the dream state.
Remember that the CIV/astral component and technologies which interface with that energy
spectrum allow for easy interface with the dream state since the lucid dream state is the activation
of the CIV/astral body or component of an individual. ETs can interface as easily with that aspect
as we pick up a phone and call New York. It is my opinion that the most common way in which
ETs have interacted with individual humans is in lucid dreams and not material contact (bodily
contact). While material contact has occurred, it is risky and unnecessary once these more subtle

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 598, "chars": 3612, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
technologies are mastered and understood. Once it is appreciated that the CIV/astral spectrum is
the preferred field through which ETs must pass for interstellar communication and travel - and
that it is the same spectrum activated or used in a lucid dream - it is easy to see why so many
people report this type of experience. The RV X 2 protocol described above is a conscious
activation of expanded awareness and CIV component to deliberately interface with ET
technologies and individuals.
• ET craft transfer through solid matter. On more that one occasion we have observed solid
appearing ET objects or craft (daytime sightings with the sun shining off the metal surface) pass
directly into a mountain without crashing. This is accomplished by a frequency shift in the
material of the craft so that it can mesh or pass through matter of traditional density without
actually affecting either. That is, a frequency phase shift allows one solid object to pass through
another without interacting. Remember that most of what we call 'solid matter' is not solid at all -
it is mostly space (or something - hint: see the cosmology outlined above). This phenomenon has
been reported for decades and has caused some to dismiss such accounts as 'ghost-like' or
poltergeist. Actually, it is only another expression of ET technologies operating on a more
profound or subtle level of existence which can alter the frequency of matter (they can also alter
time/space relationships as well through similar means). I should also point out that covert
military sources known by me personally have testified to the fact that at least by 1953 human
secret projects were materializing and dematerializing objects and transferring them across
defined spaces. If we were doing this covertly by 1953, one can only imagine what advance
interstellar ET technologies can achieve.
This list could go on much further but what is described above should give the reader a sense of how
unusual manifestations of ET technology may be. From the above, it is easy to understand why ET events
can be confused with phenomena which originate from the CIV/astral or causal level, that is are not ET
up at a church meeting in Salem Massachusetts in 1692 with a cell phone, a hologram, a satellite TV and
a Range Rover. You would be burned at the stake as a witch forthwith!
Still, it is important to keep in mind that the cosmos contains many levels of existence. There are
CIV/astral and causal worlds and beings which are not ET. And yet there are ETs which some or much of
the time interface with and utilize aspects of the physical cosmos which are in those subtle realms. (See
'Extraterrestrials and the New Cosmology' by Steven M. Greer M.D.)
It should also be remembered that not all ETs may be so advanced. Given the billions of galaxies each
with billions of stars, it is likely that some ETs are the equivalent of human cave men while others may be
at our level of evolution and yet others are millions of years more advanced than we are today. For those
at the SETI Institute, may you find those ETs which are at our level and which are primarily still using
linear radio wave technologies. Odds are, there are some out there.
But know this: ETs far advanced beyond radio signals and internal combustion engines do exist. They are
here. They may be all around us. Let us open our minds and our eyes to the extraordinary opportunity that
hovers right in front of us. For most of what is exists beyond the veil - through the crossing point of light.
And it awaits our exploration.
Steven M. Greer M.D., CSETI Director
5 November 1998,
