{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T13:38:47Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1463031, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117093-letter-to-president-clinton-from-steven-greer-july-9-2000.pdf", "source_sha256": "17458c307fde2ecc42f7d4decd62e74477fde69a8d2f8303195a1ff94e99c966"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 330, "chars": 2304, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Steven M. Greer MD
9 July 2000
•
Dear President Clinton,
At the suggestion of a mutual friend of ours, I am contacting you regarding the imminent
disclosure regarding unacknowledged projects related to so-called UFOs, extraterrestrial
intelligence and advanced energy and propulsion systems.
Our group has obtained the needed assets to effect this disclosure between now and the
end of your term of office. For this reason we feel it is important that you be properly
briefed on these developments as they will certainly impact your administration and your
legacy.
I wish to emphasize that we feel you and your administration have been victims of
excessive secrecy on these and related projects - secrecy which is so extreme that it has
escaped the constitutional oversight required by our system of government. Indeed, it is
our assessment that previous administrations since Eisenhower have similarly been
denied proper access and oversight of such programs.
Nevertheless, the upcoming disclosure will certainly bring to the fore these issues and
you and your administration will be implicated in one of two ways unless certain actions
are taken: Either you will be perceived as being complicit in the secrecy- or, perhaps
worse, not being in control of or involved with these projects and the upcoming
disclosure.
This disclosure will involve the following elements:
• The disclosure by several dozen top-secret government and government
contractor witnesses of information regarding specific events and projects
related to military, industrial and intelligence involvement with so-called
UFOs, extraterrestrial intelligence and associated exotic energy and
propulsion systems. These witnesses will be from the US, UK, former USSR,
Brazil, Italy and other countries. Many of these witnesses have deep insider
knowledge of such projects and their coming forward as whistle-blowers will
constitute a de facto government disclosure.
• The disclosure will be a news-oriented event with multi-media support and
very high profile venues used. The disclosure process will persist for several
months beginning this fall.
• The disclosures will encompass the following areas:
1. Substantial and convincing evidence, testimony, government
documents, scientific evidence, radar cases, retrieved extraterrestrial

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 419, "chars": 2958, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
devices, reconnaissance programs, intercept programs, photographic
and video evidence, hard materiel evidence, etc.
Information related to how USAPs (unacknowledged special access
projects - see attachments) connected to the subject operate, how they
are associated with certain corporations such as Lockheed/Martin,
SAIC, Raytheon and others, and how they have escaped proper
oversight and control. In short, how secrecy has been maintained for
3.
the past 50 years or so will be thoroughly disclosed.
Detailed information related to covert technologies associated with
exotic energy and propulsion systems - systems that Will enable the
earth to have an endless source of energy without pollution and for
nominal energy costs. Such technologies are already fully operational
but remain hidden within covert USAPs. Once disclosed, these
technologies will replace all sources of fossil fuels and nuclear
energy. Such a disclosure, while allowing for a long-term sustainable
civilization on earth, will also greatly alter the current industrial and
economic infrastructure and geo-political order. The implications of
such a disclosure cannot be overstated. The exposition of this matter
will explain the reasons behind secrecy. (Note that this matter is also
being discussed by us with a Senate committee chairman.)
Our purpose for making these disclosures at this time is to return these projects to proper,
lawful and constitutional control and oversight; to facilitate a peaceful use of space and
an enlightened approach to extraterrestrial civilizations; and to enable advanced energy
and propulsion technologies to be released for peaceful applications which will benefit
humanity and the earth's environment.
This disclosure will also enable the organs of democracy to properly handle the
challenges, both diplomatic and technological, related to the subject.
As the United States' President, we are especially concerned that you and your
administration may not be aware of the serious -even grave - security risks arising from
continued secrecy on this subject. Briefly, these include:
• The unacknowledged covert agenda related to the SDI/Ballistic Missile
Defense System insofar as it relates to space-based weapon systems which are
in part designed to target objects of extraterrestrial origin;
• The planned use of so-called Alien Reproduction Vehicles (ARVs) that are
manufactured by covert human programs, to stage a false extraterrestrial
attack on conventional military targets, thus providing the rationale for a race
into space with costly weapon systems;
• The near-term economic and environmental risks, including an exponential
decay in the global ecosystem, resulting from the continued withholding of
advanced energy and propulsion systems;
• Growing disparity between industrialized and third world nations which poses
a significant threat to world security and which would be greatly ameliorated
by the release of these technologies.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2381, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This disclosure, which will involve convincing and undeniable testimony and evidence
on these and related matters, will certainly affect you and your administration. At a
minimum, we feel that you should be fully briefed on these matters and on the timing and
logistics of the disclosure itself. Ideally, you would be prepared to either assist or
cooperate with these disclosures and provide reassuring leadership as these facts are
made public.
Your legacy as a two term President would be forever altered by your identification with
a disclosure which would restore democracy, restrain the abuses of the
military/intelligence/industrial complex, announce the existence of intelligent life
elsewhere in the universe and disclose technologies which will renew the fortunes of the
earth and humanity for centuries. Identification with such a disclosure would relegate the
current scandals to a mere footnote in history, rather than a central part of your historical
legacy.
Indeed,
it is our intent that this disclosure, while exposing some of the excesses of
secrecy, be primarily focused on the new and sustainable world quite within the grasp of
a long-suffering humanity. The price of continued secrecy will be a ruined ecosystem
and grave threats to world security while that of disclosure will be a sustainable and just
world civilization. This is the true legacy each of us must leave our children.
Our mutual friend mentioned that you are something of a night owl, as am I. Should you
deem it appropriate, I would welcome a telephone call at any time convenient to you.
Also, we live outside of Charlottesville VA and keep a small coop in DC and I would
certainly be willing to discuss these issues with you in person at your convenience.
I have voted for you twice- and would vote for you a third time if that were possible. It is
my sincere desire that the upcoming events redound to your legacy as a great world
leader who arose to the truly significant challenges of our time to do the right and just
thing. I hope we can work together to make that a reality.
Respectfully,
Steven M. Greer MD
Director of CSETI
enclosures, Bufep Doc/Book/Urtee Video /DUP Annancut
Phone: XX
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
(I am currently doing research in Europe and will be back in the United States starting the
evening of August 4, 2000 and can be reached at those numbers.)
xXXXX
XXXXXX*
