{"created_utc": "2026-09-04T07:24:30Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 45339, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304086903686182, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117034-ddt-decoy-distract-trash-2002.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540629040000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/117034-ddt-decoy-distract-trash-2002.pdf", "source_sha256": "cd99a74e1167d866aea6a6be3f7d6fbda403cb11f35e465e4f314974cb811ccb"}

This paper may be sent to all email lists and posted on all web sites, without restriction.


                                                   DDT
                                    (Decoy, Distract and Trash)

                                                      by

                                        Steven M. Greer M.D.
                                    Director, The Disclosure Project

                                              Copyright 2002


A former high official at the NSA (National Security Agency) told me about a protocol
informally dubbed DDT - that old poisonous chemical long-banned in much of the world. In
this application, it stands for Decoy, Distract and Trash - which is what sophisticated
intelligence operatives use to set up some person or group, take them off the trail of
something real and important, and trash the person or the subject.

This pretty much sums up the lion's share of all things UFOlogical, with the latest example
being the much-hyped Sci-Fi channel roll-out of Spielberg's mini-series, 'Taken'.

Late last spring or early summer, I was contacted by the PR firm responsible for the ramp-
up to 'Taken' and was informed that they wanted to link it to Disclosure. I was told that
those rolling out 'Taken' are "joined at the hip with the main stream media" and that they
were going to spend a very large sum of money moving the UFO subject front-stage and
center to empower Disclosure as sort of a sophisticated 'P and A' (entertainment industry
jargon for Prints and Advertising that promotes a film or product).

DDT. By linking Disclosure and ensnaring Disclosure witnesses and evidence in a
commercial undertaking like 'Taken' (on the Sci-Fi channel nonetheless) the ultimate DDT
program can be achieved. It is not just the hijacking and trashing of serious witnesses and
evidence into the silly season of 'Honey, I just had sex with aliens' routine. It is the
association of important evidence, scientists and witnesses with a xenophobic titled science
fiction product like 'Taken' and the entire abduction industry that can empower fear in the
minds of the masses regarding all things extraterrestrial.

You will recall that no less a figure than Wernher Von Braun warned to his personal
spokesperson Dr. Carol Rosin in 1974 that after the cold war, those operating behind the
scenes would roll out global terrorism and then, finally, a hoaxed alien threat from outer
space. Dr. Rosin gave this testimony before 9/11, by the way.

Why? Well, a xenophobic and hysterical take on visitors from space (so well represented by
military hoaxed abductions made to look 'alien') would have something for everyone who
enjoy secret power and control:

      For the military-industrial-laboratory-intelligence-corporate complex, there would be
trillions of dollars in lucrative spending for Star Wars - now with a REAL enemy to fight! As
they said in the movie Independence Day, "Lets kick alien butt..."
     For schemers wishing to unite the world in militarism and control through fear (as
opposed to our common humanity and peace...) what better way to attain this goal than to
roll out serious UFO evidence and link it to a body of hoaxed faux-alien encounters
contained within the abduction sub-culture? People are easily herded and controlled through
fear, and can there be anything more scary than evil 'aliens' floating poor, innocent humans
onto UFOs to torture and sexually abuse them? Right.

    For misguided religious fanatics and secret religious cults, who pine for the long-awaited
end-of-the-world, Armageddon scenario, what better fulfillment of their misinterpreted
prophecy than a Final Great Battle in space?

Well, there is just something for everyone, if you can get people to buy it. But how?

All good disinformation has some real, true information contained within it. The mixing of
truth with lies makes the lies believable. So by hoaxing a scary alien abduction scenario
with serious data, evidence, documents and witnesses, the lie goes down so much more
smoothly...

Those inside the multi-million dollar abduction industry have for years told me of
suppressed testimony from abductees who recall human military operatives running the
show - essentially controlling the event. Dr. Helmut Lammer and others have documented
this hideous abuse of civilians by rogue covert operations. And most importantly, we have
interviewed military and corporate insiders who have described in excruciating detail how
they have hoaxed these 'alien abductions' - and why.

The truth is hidden in plain sight, but it is wrapped in so much deception that it is seldom
seen.

One such military operative explained to me how his team had abducted key military people
at one point so that they would "learn to hate the aliens" and get on board the covert Star
Wars juggernaut.

When you have billions of black-budget dollars at your disposal, reverse-engineered Alien
Reproduction Vehicles (see the testimony of Mark McCandlish in the book 'Disclosure'
available at http://www.DisclosureProject.org/shop.htm) biological creatures made on Earth
that look 'alien' and sophisticated mind-altering psychotronic weapon systems, hoaxing an
'alien abduction' is like taking candy from a baby.

And you know, the truth is so much more bizarre than fiction (even Sci-Fi channel fiction)
that who will believe it?

Well, we tried. I explained all this to Mr. Spielberg's representatives at the Sci-Fi channel
and PR firm, and that I would say as much if included in any of their programs. An invitation
has not been forthcoming. What a surprise!

By using Mr. Podesta, President Clinton's Chief of Staff, and other notables (including, alas,
some Disclosure Project witnesses) this DDT operation is attempting to jump start Von
Braun's long-ago predicted hoaxed alien threat. For what could be more terrifying than
linking real ET and UFO evidence and serious military and government testimony, with a
xenophobic-titled science fiction product like 'Taken', along with all the other virulent and
fearsome hoaxed experiences purveyed by the abduction industry? A great DDT it is.
I do not know if Mr. Spielberg, Mr. Podesta, the Sci-Fi executives, George Washington
University, PBS' Ray Suarez, or others know of any of this. In most cases, most players in a
DDT disinformation scheme are unwitting victims themselves. Let's hope they are.

But with power comes responsibility. And Mr. Spielberg et al have money and power and
need to do their due diligence lest they be used by a DDT scheme created to ramp up Star
Wars and Armageddon.

Especially Mr. Spielberg. For I have long admired his dedication to documenting the history
of the Holocaust by recording the testimony of those who survived it. I worry now that he
is, perhaps unwittingly, being used to unleash the worst holocaust the Earth has ever seen.

Steven M. Greer MD
Director, The Disclosure Project
October 24, 2002

For more information, please refer to Dr. Greer's paper "When Disclosure Serves Secrecy"
(and other related papers at                                              ).
