{"created_utc": "2026-08-12T01:06:25Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5998923, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117035-project-starlight-book-chapter-16-pgs-883a-928.pdf", "source_sha256": "ad7fefbd14d8dae48c6aff45d5dcc014dbf38b48e1bfda44bcdaf62b1fd046ba"}

G J&-
Ch APTER TRcEN
                 f
                 lJ
                                                                              884

                THE CE-4 EXPERIENCE: Myth and Meaning

In introduction of it, I would like to quote "Enigma," [Page 283] the tape we

have listened to each evening, which says,


          "If you understand or if you don't; if you believe or if you doubt; there

          is a universal justice and the eyes of truth are always watching you."


We should be aware that the potential for maniipulating a relatively small

subculture or interest group on something as top-secret as this subject is

  g         The total number of individuals world-wide who are directly

connected and follow the subject of UFOs and extra-terrestrials number only

in th few thousands. And the number of poepole actually doing primary
      e


research and lecturing and what-have-you on it is a -vewj very small

number.


When you have that type of situation, and particularly when the subject

matter is an area of extraordinary covert operation and secrecy, the

potential for affecting the civilian interest group, in this case the UFO

community, is massive and, in fact, catastrophic. Without going through a

history of the degrees the extent to which there have been disinformation

and inflitration attempts with various organizations and individuals, etc., I

would like to share with the reader one example from an individual who is
                                                                           885

a close friend and research in the field and who is known to me and we are

close even as brothers would be close:


A few years ago, he was approached by an American covert operative who

had been following his work in a certain area related to this subject. And

-this individual ,'after a number of almost bizarre mind-game type events

(Where for example he would follow him to lectures and would stand up

and say after my friend had presented some data that he had hoaxed that

piece of evidence and then would go to another lecture and would stand up

with a different piece of evidence and stand up and say, "I've hoaxed this

one, as well."), one day called my friend and said, "We need to meet." And

my friend along with one of his research associates met with this individual,

who is an American covert operative, and after many hours of psychological

badgering, my friend's associate said, "I've had enough of this; goodbye."

My friend continued to discusss things with him, with the covert operative;

and eventually at about 2:00 in the morning was taken out into a field,

where my friend was told the following by the covert agent and he was told,

       "You will tell the public what we tell you to tell the public. If you do,

       you will never need to worry about money again for as long as you

     live. And if you do not, we will make your life hell."
                                                     c1,C-
Now, my friend was trembling physically. An~$iis individual meant

business and it was quite clear that he meant business; but he resisted and
                                                                           886

he said, "No, I will not go along with this" and broke off the conversation

and returned to his home.         Subsequently, extraordinary amount, 'of

disinformation was injected into the particular area of reasearch that he was

studying. And ever since then, that entire field has crashed in terms of it

being recognized as an area of valid research.


Now, this example is only shared as it were the tip of the iceberg of the

capabilities. And one has to question had my friend not had the integrity

and courage to say no to this agent, what might he be saying to the public

today. What subtle spin or twist on the data might have occurred?


When we being to discuss something as complex, subtle and in many ways

intrinsically bewildering as individuals having personal contact with extra-

terrestrial biological life forms, particularly those involving rather intimate

encounters where the individual is onboard a space craft, there is

tremendous potential for creating a lot of noise where there should be

sound. This is, indeed, the case today. This subject alone could contain

at least one or several volumes of books; but in the interest of brevity, it is

essential to just sumarize the forces that have been at play here.


Back in the early 6     s late 5          ere was virtually no discussion or

documentation of anything related to "abductions." Over a period of years,
                                                                          887
primarily in the 60's and oxcelerat+ng jnto the late 70's, the quetions of

extra-terrestrial abductions was moved deliberately into the forefront of

discussion, research, funding and other activities in the UFO civilian

community.     This coincided not accident~4       vith an increase in the

sophistication of operational psycho-electronic and high-tech devices

capable of simulating these types of experiences in targeted victimes.


Prior to this period, the vast majority of people who reported close

encounters were called "contactees" and by-and-large had interesting,

favorable, and in many cases mind-expanding orawe-inspiring experiences.

Those experiences continue to this day, but are overwhelmed or are burned

under a mountain of other experiences which have moved into center stage.

We know that we risk the ridicule and the anger of a number of people by

stating that hte current state-of-the-art and database is terminally defective.

And, in fact, the database is so contaminated with deliberate psycho-

electronic induced cases from covert operations as to be totally useless;

and in fact positively destructive.


This has not been an accident, but has been the fulfillment of a very

carefully orchestrated disinformation campaign and psychological warfare

campaign aimed at conditioning the public7first through the rather small

UFO civiliian community and from then, theTho the larger consciousness
                                                                         888

via the media of larger numbers of people in society to the idea that these

extra-terrestrial life forms are hostile and therefore we can be justified in

deploying space-based weapons to fight them. President Ronald Reagan

by stating that,

       "Wouldn't our job of creating world peace be easier if we had a

       common alia threat to fight,"

is the fulfillment in many respects of individuals who have unfortunately

been convinced of extra-terrestrial malevolence, when no evidence to that

effect exists at all.


The subject is so subtle and so complex, that one is reluctant to step into

these very deep and muddy waters.           But because so many people,
               !f .% Q.

whether they be in the general population or in positions of leadership in

scientific, political and military circles, have been affected by this

disinformation, it is essential that we address it.


Now, let no one misunderstand what is being conveyed here. There are

individuals who have had very close encounters with these extra-terrestrial

spacecraft, both in linear time/space as in a "physical" encounter, and also

in non-linear time/space where there have been apparent interactions in the

lucid-dream state and in other states. However, there are alp a uu         i/

and growing number of reports that indicate other types of experiences.
                                                                             889

This entire question of CE-4s or on-board intimate encounters with extra-

terrestrial life forms cannot be separated from a brief over view of an earlier

discussion on the cosmology.


The cosmos is a very big place. And there are many types otxperiences'\
                                                                   l


potential there. And they go from direct physical, linear ones to non-linear

ones, to ones that involve the intricacies of the human mind in its defective

or diseased state. When looking at this, we recall the cosmology which

allows for not only there being direct perception and experience with extra-

terrestrial life forms physically and .         n-physically in a non-linear

condition, but also the experience of non-extra-terrestrial intelligences which

are astral or subtle-body in nature.'


In addition to this, the human mind is capable of experiencing various states

of   disease   where    hallucinations,   delusions,    paranoid       delusions,

confabulation, and various states of sociological phenonmenon, such as

wannabees or fadists, appear.         Add to this already complex if not

bewildering range of possibilities, the artful and highly sophisticated

technological capabilities of covert operations which have systems capable

of entraining brain activity electronically to induce specific states and

specific experience. And by specific we mean highly specific, as in their

detail, message, and content. These so-called non-lethal technologies have
                                                                        890

been around for many, many years; in fact, have been around for decades;

and have undergone various generations of evolution, from relatively

primitive capabilities in the 50's and early 60's to extremely sophisticated

remote capabilities today. And by remote here is referenced the abilitly to

put into a helicopter, a panel truck, or on an antennae in a city devices

which can be targtetd to an individual or groups of individuals so that they

will have a certain type of altered-state experience.


This had been confirmed tfrom          more than one source who has had

personal involvement wi      s and who have been "read into" some of the

top-secret special access programs. As mentioned earlier, one of these

individuals stated to us that the technology exists so that shou;d a special

force desire it, they can induce an experience in an individual so-That they

will have a conversation with their personal god, they will believe it, and

they will pass a lie-detector test that t i#'experience happened. Acrd-thQ—

thus fu ly operational, can be-pt ito a panel truck or-a-he1ieap~r and is

v'ery-sp     :-


Another naval intelligence and former secret service individual who has ties

into this field and has had for years shared the fact that this technology is

sophisiticated to the point where it can be put on an antennae in a city and

that it can be programmed to the specific brain mapping or brain-wave
                                                                         891
activity of an individual and —eon' induce a specifc content-oriented

experience; not just an altered state, but the actual content and substance

 fcft state. Beyond this, we have members of our team who have bee              J


speeif1ea44y, targeted in the past 12 mont      fl Jái t, in the pas    or..9

months, by these types of technologies, in attempts to interfere with various

operations.


If the reader desires; they may consider this all a fantasy. But I would

encourage you to entertain the fact that you do that at your own great risk.

And the risk is this:

       That we can be manipulated through such events which need be

       only relatively small in number to reach vastly incorrect conclusions

       and assessments.        And based on those conclusions and

       assessments, to enter into certain postures in behavior and attitudes

     (towards the extra-terrestrial presence which could precipitate inter,

       planetary war.

Unfortunately, on hearing this the natural response from most would be that

this is more shocking than the fact that extra-terrestrial life forms are

landing on terra firma, and to that I would agree.


The other is to simply reject it out of hand and say that it is nonsense. But

before the reader takes that step, we would encourage them to read Mark
                                                                          892
Cannon's work the title of which I'll. . . Martin Cannon's work, as well as a

number of other works that deal with mind control, MK Ultra, and other

more advanced systems of psi-warfare and psychological mind control

which have been evolved over the past 30 to 40 years. And then add to
                                                                 f,
that this important factor: That the extra-terrestrial question) as early as

1950 was the most top-secret question in our military-industrial complexar4'

rated and was more tightly held than the development of(tk hydrogen

bomb. Now, combining htese two factors and the ease with which the UFO

civilian community can be manipulated and infiltrated, we see that there is

a tremendous risk here.


Essentially, experiences which are reported as "extra-terrestrial" or "alien"

abductions are actually a number of different phenomena, plural; not one

phenomenon, singular. And they fall into the following broad categories:

       1.     Genuine extra-terrestrial human interaction where at times,

              although rarely, humans are taken o       oard extra-terrestrial

              spacecraft.

       2.     Interactions with non-extra-terrestrial,     subtle conscious

              entities, such as astral or causal entities, which the precipient

              misinterprets as an extra-terrestrial encounter. This is an

              extremely large number of current encounter reports and a

              significant percentage thereof. These experiences may be
                                                                  893

positive, negative; maybe understood or misunderstood. But

they have nothing to do with extra-terrestrial life forms and

have a great deal to do with the larger cosmos. If you wish

to think of it, the larger, astral cosmos can be viewed as a hot

air balloon in its size and in   its
                                       likeness and the Earth could be

likened to the solid basked hanging underneath it:              much

smaller and more compact. The cosmos being so vast and

large is therefore open tornany points ofconfusion as the

previous Chapter on cosmological confusion points out.

These experienceswith non-physical, non-extra-terrestrial but,

nevertheless, intelligent conscious beings, whether they be

higher or lower astral beings, angels spirit guides and what-

have-you, are very real to people who have them even though

they may be considered paranormal by traditional science and

psychology.      More than one person has reported, for

example, a non-human life form appearing in their bedroom.

But not all such t        are extra-terrestrial life forms. And in

fact, the vast majority of such accounts have to do with what

may be commonly called ghosts or astral beings or spirit

beings or other types of non-extra-terrestrial, non-biological

physical beings. But they are nevertheless conscious and

very real and are perceived as real by the experiencer.
                                                                    894

3.   A third category of experience which gets frequently mixed up

     in this whole discussion are experiences which are non-

     experiences.     And by that are meant people who see a

     certain interest developing and a certain amount of celebrity

     and prestige orn           a sociated with something and who

     then jump on board that train as a wannabee or someone

     who sees it as a fad, and therefore then conscioiusly or

     unconsciously confabulate experiences. Now, many so-called

     abduction researchers would be appalled at this statement.

     But the fact of the matter is, whether it is this subject or any

     other, in America in particular, there is a tendancy to have

     copy-cat eventsaoccur. Irhe recent experience with there
                   r#t
     being reporte4 poisoning of a can of Pepse, where then

     subsequently multiple cans were found to be tampered with

     as copy-caJpeople around the country immitated the event is

     an excellent example. On a subject this powerful and this

     much given to the imagination and imagery a~ i were contact

     with extra-terrestrial life forms, it is understandable that certain

     individuals seeking either attention or needing a sense of

     belonging or wishing to in a grandiose way associate with

     such a subject could              atd such encounters. This is

     also a significant section which people who research the
                                                                         895

              subject do not take into account as carefully as they should,

              Ol in asj'sophisticated way as they should.


The two previous categories, the experience of non-extra-terrestrial, astral

beings and the ones who are simply could be called wannabees or imitators

are particularly prone to being put into a database'o             who have

actually had a CE-4. The reason for that is that so much of the research

methodology is centerted on regressive hypnosis, which far from being a

truth serum actually increases the likelihood of confabulafibn and of some

degree of adjustment of the facts of the experience to fit the expectations

of the one who is therapist who ts"tloing the hypnosis.


For example, an individual who has a paranormal experience and awakens

with some kind of entity in their bedroom has very few places to turn to in

terms of receiving information and counseling about such an experience.
              n
And given the r~vta'ty of the abduction aFa' may very well be referred to

an abduction researcher, who by definition of the interest that that -"

researcher has and the fact that the experiencer is being referred to that

researcher, will begin to view his or her experience in the light of an alien

abduction, when in fact it may not have been that at all.


Add to that risk the added factor of being placed under hypnosis, where one
                                                               896
                                                   1 --
 wants to please the therapist, because you are in4somewhat passive
                                       vr.
 condition and are prone to sGR       Ulation o'r to adding or changing detail.

 And so, an experience can evolve very rapidly into something that it wasn't

 and can get reported as an ET encounter experience. This happens very

 frequently.


 One of the most celebrated cases of a so-called "ET abduction" is that of

 a woman who we have interviewed who had an experience with an entity
                            .
                       L)
 in her bedroom, which i&very unusual and surprising to her. In discussing

 carefully whI tbut hypnosis'ttjhe detail~of that eveo.t/(Notwithstanding the fact

 that she had been previously hypnotized and    eer~ reported in a very
                                                      n
 popular book as having been essentially raped by ETs>and had a baby

 stolen from her and it was floating in space and had had eggs stolen from

 her, etc.), her experience came down to the following: That a non-physical

 or astral life form, conscious being, but not physical being, was in the room;

 and she subsequently had an experience with this life form which resulted

 in an out-of-body event, or what may be called an astral projection. And

AFom that a number of other details evolved. Btitby the time she had been

 referred to and then subsequently hypnotized by an abducttn researcher,

 the story came out that she had an extra-terrestrial visitor in her bedroom

 who took her onto a spacecraft and inserted a needle into her abdomen to

 extract ova, etc. and so on.
                                                                             897

In discussion this situation, she in the early stages of the interview, hiked

up and - by the way this was when she came up to me at a conference with

many people around - inappropriately hiked up her skirt and proceeded to

show me a place on her abdomen where she alledges the needle had been

inserted to extract the egg, the ova, from her ovary. What she showed me

was a simple cherry hymageoma, which almost everyone has somewhere

on their body which is an out-pocketing of blood vessels, small capillaries

that makes a little red circle. And it was no where in any way in the correct

place for extracting an ova from the ovary.         Arid the     tire case was

reported to the public and to the UFO community as something it absolutely

was not.


This was when a large, red flag went up in my mind concerning the

accuracy of many of these very interesting accounts and what they might

actually be, as opposed to what people may wish them to be or assume

them to be. S    -many of these events are the placing of a round peg into

a square hole, or vice-versa. Because the actual predilection ofd UFO

research community, particularly if they do not have in their differential

diagnosis or list of possibilities of experience items that fall into this larger

cosmology, is to take all such paranormal experiences and force them into

the mold of some type of ET encounter. Here we can now begin to see the

extent to which there can be cosmological confusion on this particular area.
                                                                  898


4.   Now, the fourth category involves another state or condition,

     which a competent psychologist or psychiatrist should be able

     to detect. And it is not just the state of being a wannabee,

     but someone who has some mental defect and has delusional

     syste s; delusions of grandeur, paranoid ideation, or frank

     hallucinations related to various states, and particularly the

     use of psychotropic drugs and to the condition known as

     schizophrenia.    This also must be factore       i    into any

     differential diagnosis of what type of expe ence someone is
                                                     ;mac:
     having and in a very careful way'              çthese type of

     delusional systems may be present without being tied to any

     frank state of severe mental illness, such a   izophrenia. Or,

     it may be associated with a previously undiagnosed

     schzophrenic state.

     In the case of people who either currently or in the past have

     used LSD and other powerful hallucinogens, there is the risk

     of them    having     had   experiences   completely    of    an

     hallucinatory nature being reported as an ET encounter or
                   ~                 ,yam
     some type o~experience.        ve know of cases where this

     has happened, but which have not been reported as that.
                                                                 899

5.   Now we come to the fifth area)e4-~h%ne which has been

     previously mentioned, and that is individuals who have been

     targeted by covert groups to have a abduction-like experience

     mediated through electronic technology. The question is, how
                                      —~
     prevalent is this? Not, if it ocQuret<   ,o(jr assessment is

     that it is much more prevalent than people would imagine.

            ,fr'om another area, that of so-called cattle mutilations,

     we know from the chief scientific and medical researcher of

     that phenomenon that somewhere between 80 and 95 percent

     or more of all of those are in fact covert, human, military,

     para-military adventures utilizing black, unmarked helicopters

     at all hours of the day and night and are designed to do two

     separate things: 1) i.     'create an overwhelming number of

     cases that play the role of decoy cases to put the researcher

     off the path of the actual cases, and theft 2) t~-~reate an

     effect and consciousness and fear as it becomes perceived

     that this type of negative and harmful encounter is wide

     spread or prevalent. Classic disinformation.

-    Because in doing this, you immitate a real process and skew

     it in a certain direction.Ai ,hfy    ng enough characteristics

     that it immitates the actual one, it becomes very difficult to

     determine the one from the other, and so you get this fool's
                                                                        900

               gold phenomenon where you dump a mountain of fool's gold

               on top of the real gold and then the relative unfunded and

               part-time civilian community is at a loss of discerning one

               from the other.

               This is also occu~g in the field of so-called abductions. The

               entire name beit      a manufactured disinformation term

               designed to cause a certain psychological effect.

Let us look at this for just a moment.     An abduction, if you get out a

dictionary, is an act of violence where an individual is taken against their

will for criminal and malevolent purposes. It is not the same thing as

picking your child up from kindergarten against its will because you need

to take i~ho    to feed it. Nor is it the same as when the mental health

community needs to intervene in an emergent way if somebody is frankly

psychotic and about to commitsuicide or homicide or harm themselves or

others and are taken and ark treated against their will. That is not an

abduction.


Now, the term abduction, having been bandied about and emblazoned in

the consciousness of not only the UFO community but also civilian leaders

with whom we have spoken and civilian population through the media, has

a triggering effect. And that is it sets up an expectation of malevolence,

a    f is a highly prejudicial term. Let us not underestimate the power of
                                                                          901

words.     Words are encapsulations of thought.      And thoughts are--
                                                      /     t  ^    i
manifestations of mind and intention and meaning. An these wo  which --

have been ereat     'mutilation, abduction,       alie even as applied to this

sub4j t, are combined in such a way as to create a subtle and almost

subconscious effect of trepedatione~t'and revulsion. This            a classic

psychological warfare tool, particularly in times of either before or during

warfare when a covert operations wish to condition a population to accept

the hard realities of conflict and to demonize the enemy, as was done with

World War II, on both sides of the conflict, I should add.


The risks of this are tremendous, not only of the cosmological confusion,

but then added to that the deliberate driving of experience by

disinformation, active disinformation.     Because once you have enough

cases that are characterized as malevolent, hostile, harmful, painful

                     whether they are true or not, individuals who
abductions, no matt>2J

subseqently have a geneuine extra-terrestrial encounter will begin to see it

in   that light,   because   they   have      been similarly   preconditioned

psychologically through books, through" video tapes, through the media,

through the common discourse in society on the subject.


People who think that this is not well-known should simply go on the street

and ask if people have heard of UFO abductions and theralmost all have.
                                                                           902

 Q ~there has been a subtle and pervasive effect this whole disinformation
campaign has had on the consciousness of people.


The tragic events here are that not only is the truth being lost amidst all the

cacophony and confusion of this cosmology, but that individuals who have

had experiences with extra-terrestrial life forms which do not fit this pattern
                                                       I
and mold are considered the dues whoha öUd an actual experience.

This is a complete skew of the situation; a complete alteration of reality in

an extremely subtle and profound way so that individuals will either see

their experience in light of this paradign of victimization and conflict or they

will be unacceptable to the data       , because the database is so totally
skewed in that direction.


Now, this is not a theorectical consideration. We have intereviewed several

members of so-called abductee support groups who appear to have had
              n
genuine CE-4s~who as soon as they started sharing the true nature of the -

experience not as a victim but as something that was quite wonderful or

positive, they were told to shut up, that they were being deceived by the evil

aliens, and that if they did not cease and desist this type of talking, they

would be thrown out of the support group. This from a very well-known
                L
researcher. Tt' is widespread and is very unethical.
                                                                            903

This, then, results in an internal selection process, where unless someone

views their experience in a certain framework of victom-hood and abductee

and all this sort of paranoid ideation, they are unacceptable to the only

civilian community that they can connect with for discourse and sharing of

experience. Beyond that, they begin to hear of experiences which confuse

them even more, because they encounter people who have been victims,

genuine victims of human psycho-electronic adventures and experiments,

and they begin to question whether their experience was the gold or was

it the fool's gold; was it real or was it Memorex? This has been a powerful,

overwhelming effect within the civilian community as it perceives UFOs,

extra-terrestrials, and the whole question of ET contact or CE-4s.           Its

escalation during hte 70's and 80's and the degree to which it has been

supported through various covert processes is a history of this entire field

which someday will need to be told.


We have learned that as long ago as 10 to 15 years ago, that within the

civilian community a clustering of these type of experiences has existed

within military families and near military installations. And that this fact has

been covered up by the civilian UFO community itself, because it portends

such severe concern or it brings up such challenging issues. Moreover, the

rather gullible way in which many researachers havae aaccepted such

accounts without questioning what type of experience it may be, or even if
t         f
    A4-C44 #ts
           am


                 dfix-k 'K'~

dAt


L4)
                                                                        904

it was an experience that was "real" versus one that was hoaxed or induced

by a covert interest, has caused             no checks and balances within

that entire system. And this, of course, we have to take responsible for in

the civilian community.


The effect of this is very, very serious. Because what•+H        ne-fs1 at it

has captured the entire civilian debate on the extra-terrestrial presence and

placed it within a paradigm of malevolent, frightening abduction

experiences. Even in discussing these things wiht the Director of Central

Intelligence. the Chief Operating Officer of the National Academny of

Sciences, and t        etary General               Tnited Nations they have

brought up, these concern 7 an              :"heard about the abduction

phenomenon and were worried about it. This disinformation has been

profound.


In addition to that, we have learned of a~4-star general who's daughter

apparently was targeted with these psycho-electronic devices and was

"abducted," so that it would influence her father to hate the ETs. We have ~-

learned of a head of state in Europe who's brother was targeted and was

"abducted," for the purpose of influencing him in this direction. And this

individual has subsequently become a large funder and supporter of the

abduction research community. We have learned of other covert operatives
                                                                        905

who have shunted money or directed money from benefactors away from

other valid areas of research purely into the abduction phenomenon, for the

purpose of getting out to the publ'yee paradigm of abductionis


                                            1
This is extremely alarming and dangerous Because it has an effect of

couching the entire subject in a way that is inherently emotional and

frightening. Speaking to the very basic level of human fear, what could be

more powerful from the tribal mind or instinct of humans of a foreign invader

coming and abducting our women and children and raping our women.

What more powerful, psychological~but~buld be hit, and what a master

stroke of disinformation.


Do not be deceived.


Certainly this information will not be welcome in many quarters, neither in

the covert community nor in the high-tech, secret electronics community,

and particularly not in the civilian UFO community where tremendous

investment in funds, careers, prestige have been put into this whole

question of abduction. But our interest here really should be not those

issues, but how can be begin to discern the sound from the noise.


How can we begin to find in an area so overwhelmed with disinformation
                                                                        906

                         ents are and what they mean? It is for this
and fear what the actual ev

reason that we counsel that leaders of the society as well as the general

public should not use the abduction scenario as it is currently portrayed as

a reason for jumping to unwarr~ted conclusions and making conflict-

oriented assessments [End of Tape 18, Side A ]
                                                                          908

TAPE 18, SIDE B:

                                     d assessments about these visitors.

Because it appears that that is the express intent of the current status quo

and of the current operations in the covert world.


Now, this is not to say, and let no one construe this as saying, that

individuals who have had genuine extra-terrestrial encounters have not

been frightened. My God. What could be more bizarre to someone who

does not think life exists in outer space to come across an extra-terrestrial

spacecraft and have an encounter with one of the life forms? To some

people it is an awe-inspirin)end exciting,and positive event. And to others,

the very same sequence of events invokes terror-and-fe~i; and those

people need our compassion~afour concern and our help in adjusting to

this new reality.


But an individual, psychological reaction to a stimulus says nothing about

the motivating source, the sourc@fthe motive behind the stimulus. It simply

speaks to their own reaction. And we must           ur own emotions and our

ovdF reactions to events and not use them as a reason to come to

conclusions about the motives of the visitors.


Ultimately sorting this thing out is going to be the most complex and difficult
                                                                           909

part of the entire phenomenon; because there has been so much

cosmological confusion, so much deliberate manipulation of events and

experiences, and so little care taken to discern the real from the Memorex,

the fool's gold from the gold.


Ultimately, then, what we have found is that there are people who have had

CE-4 experiences, encounters with these life forms, and even on-board

experiences. However, there is no indication that they have been harmful,

that it indicates hostility on the parts of these life forms, or that it is

something that should lead us in any way to a conclusion that causes fear

in us.


It simply says more research is needed, that we need to have a more open

and direct connection between humans and these life forms. And it speaks

all the more to the need for the CE-5 initiative, so that this is taken out of

the anecdotal and the subjective to a shared reality by teams of people

connecting with these life forms. How else will we even know the truth,

given the muddi2'd caters that are being stirred and muddied every day,

more and more?


Now, ultimately whether you believe that these extra-terrestrial life forms are

kind or whether they are insensitive, whether you believe they are here for
                                                                             910

the good or for not, none of this at this point can be definitively proven.

And what is needed is for the international and global community to say the

following:

       D Extra-terrestrial life forms are here.

       DT       are under intelligent control, hese spacecraft

       D They have indicated through our prototype experiment that they

       will stop and interact with a research team.

       E     And, therefore, we need as a planetary civilization to come

       together and institute a program of diplomatic contact and

       communication.

And all the rest is speculation, ultimately,, at this stage of thii~s' What is

dangerous is that the assumptions, which are being am de based on two

primary sources of information are misinterpretations,-aF leading us into a

conflict-oriented path which is extremely dangerous and which must be

averted.


The first source of this misunderstanding is the military in its covert activities

encountering actions from these extra-terrestrial life forms, which they have

misunderstood. This has been previously discussed: ET incursions over

nuclear silos, they are limiting our exploration of space until we evolve into

a peaceful civilization, etc. It is easy to understand why a military or NASA

planner would interpret such events in an unfriendly way, even though they
                                                                          911
may not be motivated by unfriendly intentions at all.

                                                                 r~

And in the civilian sector we see another phenomenon,tbin~s which are

more available to civilian researchers. An~,tha
                                              t t s~the experiencers of

various phenomenon all being called abductees and lumped into a category

which is inherently xenophobic and     #efer c      r-based. And

therefore, trending towards a predilection toward'conflict.


We need to be very careful, lest we slide down this slippery slope much

further. And we would urge caution and restraint on the part of society:

both the general public, the media, which has been inordinately

irresponsible in this regard, and in our leaders who could be easily deceived

and led into tragic decisions involving conflict with these visitors. All based

on misinterpretation of events or completely hoaxed events by covert

military forces.


Now, of the residua of cases which appear to be genuine extra-terrestrial

contact events, they appear to be motivated by a number of varying

interests:

              The first being an increasing number of humans having some
                                                                    912

type of direct knowledge and relationship with these extra-terrestrial

life forms. In light of the fact that this subject has been relegated to

the dust heap of fantasy by the majority of society for 50 years or

has been controlled and`simultaneously has been controlled by a

covert faction, we might understand that the extra-terrestrials would

take the desire to establish some degree of contact with humanity

through an alternate form. In other words, if we as a people aren't

willing to come together globally and say hello to these visitors in

some sort of sane fashion, it can be understood that they may take

their need to begin some degree of conditioning to the fact that they

are there .directly to the people of the planet. And for this reason, it

appears that that may be one of the over-arching reasons behind

these kin       vents, which otherwise frequently seem to make no

sense at all unless you understand it within the framework of their

desire to simply let humans know that they are there and that we are

not alone.   Because the rest of society ac         he official society

(scientists, leaders, doctors, scientific associations) are either

completely ignorant of the subject or when they find out about it,

dismiss it out of hand.

       Aside from that over-arching and general purpose behind

these sort of events, we can discern some more specific ones. They

seem to have an interest in communicating to these type of
                                                                 913

experiencers information about the risks of nuclear proliferation and

damage to the environment and of the rather imminent nature of the

transitions which the planet is in the process of undergoing. This is

a theme which runs through many different experiences.

      Beyond that, there appears to be an interest, somewhat of a

biological and genetic nature in humans, that is related to their

monitoring our genetic damage in the post-nuclear and post-chemical

age. The advent of hundreds of thousands of chemicals, which in

their combining effect are having all types of deleterious

consequences, plus the world-wide presence of ionizing radiation

from nuclear testing and nuclear power and other sources of the

nuclear industry is very clear and well-documented mentioned

before, the increasing rates of cancer world-wide, the decreasing

sperm counts, not only in humans but in other mammalian and non-

mammalian animals.       It is not, therefore, too far fetched to

understand that they would want to monitor this because they have

some degree of great concern that if trends were to continue in the

current fashion, that we could do irreparable damage to the human

genome world-wide, the entire genetic makeup of humanity.

      And in addition to this, an aspect of the entire ET CE-4 event
                                            A_
which is seldom talked about and frequently)n fact is covered up by

the civilian research community, is their profound interest in the
                                                                        914

      human spirit and in the degree to which humans can experience

      non-linear reality and therefore are capable of communicating with

      them, since they are frequently accessing through technology and

      innate states, non-linear mind.

      We know of one individual who had a significant CE-4 experience

      followed by a prolonged period of meditation, which was associated

      with a clear experience of this non-local, non-linear, universal mind.

      Arid this was then later conveyed to this exr eriencer from the extra-

      terrestrials that they were extremely interested in humans

      experiencing that state; ar~d~s        why they actually ended up

      having an interaction with this individual. There are many accounts

      like this, which do not get reported, simply because it is not linear
                                                                         .I
      it makes no sense to people who are reductionistic and linear, and-

      therefore is tossed out of the database. We should be very careful,

      however, in the kinds of things we toss-out of the database, because

      it may be an indicator to the key that will lead us to the

      understanding of not only this phenomenon, but of ourselves and of

      our future. (Ho      4-


In summary, it's extremely important that we view CE-4 experiences in a

very broad context, that we back off from the xenophobic language and the

xenopho& cassessments that are being bandied about, and that we look
                                                                            915

critically at the database and the experiences to discern whether the report

falls into the category of an extra-terrestrial encounter, an encounter with
                                                '    s


a non-extra-terrestrial astral being, a c&nfatr aatierrj.hallucination, or the

result of the individual being a victim of paramilitary, psycho-electronic

attacks, particularly in light of the fact that we have on-going psychic

warfare units involved in various and nefarious, aioi        efa      activities.


And the stakes of our not facing this challenge, no matter how bewildering

and complex it may seem at first glance, is that we may all be manipulated

or fooled or self-deceived into making assessments that will lead us down

the path of inter-planetary conflict, w#~er~1n reality we are living.ifrat a time

when the potential for peaceful inter-planetary relations is reaching its

summit.


And how great a loss this would be to trade on the one hand a future

involving peaceful inter-planetary relations where so much benefit could

come to our planet for a future of armed, protracted, and devastatingly

expensive space-based extra-terrestrial conflict. Indeed, the future of Earth

is in the balance. And it will take many clear-thinking people and great

restraint to steer the course away from a catastrophe and towards a future

that is filled with hope.
                                                                           916

A    th           ions? [Tape stops s arts.


. . . would another category of experience be people who claim that that

they are channeling ET life forms?

Q:        And also remote-viewing.

A:        And remote-viewing ET life forms.      And the answer to that is

absolutely yes. Because, since they are by nature subjective and therefore

cannot be verified by shared reality from other individuals, there is great risk

of misinterpretation. And one has to ask, is someone claiming to be a

channel of these ET life forms.ha          of an extra-terrestrial or a channel

f~r'a deceased grandmother 'or-a chann            some other astral entity or

picking up aspects of their own imagination and fantasyo~connecting with

an aspect of non-linear human technology that is putting out into the non-

linear sub-space as it were disinformation through psychic warfare

techniques. There are many possibilities. And so, you should approach

this type of source with very great caution and restraint.               [Tape

stops/starts.]


     question is about people with scoop marks and genitalia effects as well

as implants. The public should know, as has been documented in other

places or referenced at the notes at the end of the Chapter, the technology        7

extant for many years on this planet related to implants. And th t stemmo-)
                                                                            917

receivers, which are small and which can be introduced to the transphenoid

part of the nose, have been around for a very long time; and can be carried

out through a very brief, neuro-surgical procedure. Here I am referring to

small devices of human manufacture, I should say, which can be introduced

into the brain and which can receive electronic signals and then can

stimulate parts of the brain in specific ways. These so-calledCstemmo-

receivers have been around for decades and have been tested on other

mammals, on primates, and we believe on humans.


So, none of that type of evidence would indicate that it's necessarily extra-

terrestrial. In fact, it is so rc ude and clumsy that it makes one think that it

may, indeed, be humanj'Let us remember (That didn't come out the way

I meant it to. It's a Freudian, I'll leave it in.) The fact of the matter is, the

large percentage of so-called abductees report nose bleeds, report implant-

type behavior, increasingly under hypnosis will recall there being military or

paramilitary personnel in attendance, and moreover will report black

helicopters before or after the event orwith subsequent encounters after the

event. Well, the extra-terrestrial life forms do not utilize black, unmarked

covert helicopters, they do not need to have pars-military uniformed officers

in tow, and I seriously doubt that they need physical implants that result in

nosebleeds.
                                                                          918

All of this would   ore point to a covert human project which is intended to

introduce a certain element of disinformation, particularly that in the

direction of fear and conflict. Yes, sir.


Q:    \DyyJiave suggestions [Tape sto`pslstarts.]


The question is, individuals wishing to do CE-5 Initiative research, how can

they protect themselves from covert interference. For the most part that         t -


does not occur,: that they particularly enjoy targeting people who are not so

knowledgeable in the field and who are therefore     more


                                                            intrinsically more

easily manipulated. However, with that said, there is always a risk of covert

interference in the form of this type of active disinformation. And we would

encourage people to carefully understand how it might manifest and how

to identify it.


Frequently, for example, there will be an element of paralysis or psycho-

motor suspension, an inability to willfully make your body move during

electronic human covert military electronic attacks. And these are unlikely

to occur during actual ET accounts. There is also large-scale memory loss

attending these events. And, which while this has been a hallmark, the so-

called missing time of "abductions of ET origin," they are much more likely

to occur with significant memory loss with the covert psycho-electronic
                                                                                919

attacks that interface with aspects of the brain responsible for memory.


There is overlap, however, and there are people who have ET encounters

who do have memory loss; so that's not a totally clear distinction. And

keep in mind that the best disinformation is one which imitates the real

thing. In other words, if you wished to do the best disinformation, you

would learn the details of actual ET encounters and then simulate them, but

then add a different message. And that is exactly what we are seeing. So

the degree of overlap can be substantial.


This is a key point which must be considered: That if you are really good

at the disinformation game, you take a certain disinformation intent and

sugar coat it so it will be swallowed by elements of a true event; and

thereby insure that it will be accepted into the intended target, whether it's

a community of researchers or the civilian population or what-have-you.

That indeed is what is happening here.


                                                                   6


So there are points of overlap, and this is why it make        o       beguiling and

so extremely confounding and confusing.           Ultimately, though, the best

protection for all of this is the ability to at will and rather easily access non-

linear mind and thought. Because if you can access that point, you can

basically cut off the circuitry of these entraining psycho-electronic devices.
                                                                          920

It knd-~ -terminates that technology. So-t#e-ab4l+t : . .


Q:-   -Can-yeu-say mere--aboat4hat; -specifically?

A:     Specifically, the ability to access unbounded mind shuts off the linear

technology and the linear brain-wave activity that results in entrainment and

psycho-electronic attacks.     So, for example, if one thinks that that is

occurring, the best thing to do is not to fight it, but to simply transcend it.

And to center oneself in this non-local, non-linear aspect of reality and

thereby terminate the effect of the psycho-electronic device.

Q:     Prg'ss the escape ladder, or
                              eject.

A:     Dies-that answer [Tape stops/starts.]


  . . to access non-local mind. And if you become proficient at that, whether
   .4J
it_b through a meditation technique, through prayer, through your ability to

connect with cosmic mind, whatever. Ttiaf if you can do that centering and

th& ery quickly, you can terminate this effect, even if you awaken at night

and find that it is occurring. Arfd,tis has happened to members of our

team, unfortunately. At this point, those events have stopped, and we think

that these covert groups are leaving us alone. '      ? -fFape stopslstartsr


The question is, if there are people who appear to be here on Earth who

are the result of some type of genetic manipulation from extra-terrestrials?
                                                                         921

I find the evidence for that wanting and unlikely. [Tape stops/starts.]


The question is concerning alleged underground extra-terrestrial bases

where ET babies are being developed and incubated. Once again, the

evidence is v9ff   very scant. QAo'ne of the people who has been noted

to be spreading that type of information was overheard by me personally

saying that it was all a joke and something he was having a great deal of

fun with. [Tape stops/starts.]


. . . information is so easily placed into civilian community when people are

willing to accept every kind of wild story without a scintilla of evidence to

back it up and which cannot be verified. I think that there are places on the

planet where there are extra-terrestrial holding facilities or underwater

facilities y
           whe   ht ey operate # o* -'There may be underground facilities, as

well.   Most of the underground facilities referred to are, in fact, covert
                                                            atJ~—
human facilities where there are various genetic experiments going on,

genetic and biological warfare techniques being developed, remote-viewing

think tanks and training facilities that are underground in various

southwestern states th        are aware of etc. P   ",t(ie stories are cover

stories to try to hide the other activities that are going on that are human--

and in many cases have nothing to do with extra-terrestrial intelligence at

all.
                                                                          922

This subject is a mother-lode of disinformation material that can be put out

to a media and a public which is willing to very gullibly accept a great deal

       tioned


Q:    /Then why am I (Tape stops/starts.]

A:     which is./. the point

Q:          want to [Tape stops/starts.]

A:     The question is whether or not the ET encounters may involve a

degree of hybridization of genetic material and if they are able to take blood

samples from humans, might they be also to go the other direction and

introduce different elements into the human genome.         Once again, the

evidence for that is extremely anecdotal. The idea that they are doing that

is interesting, but unconfirmed. I would think it very unlikely. I've seen

nothing to suggest that by the way. I have had ep ople come to me and tell

me all types of anomalies genetically that are in certain people or that are

occurring in the entire human genome, which)ooked at scientificallylwhich

we are able to do, simply isn't there and it's all on the level of fantasy and

rumor and what-have-you. So, it's not that this is an impossible scenario,

just that there is no evidence to support it.


Q:     But until it's exposed to you, who I guess, is [Tape stops/starts.]

A:     I'm just sharing you what I know. I mean, I can't confirm something
                                                                            923

l.. have no evidence
 Q:      Or scientific. . .

 A:      Well, it's not that we haven't looked into this question. It still comes

 up pretty much a blank. If you have evidence to convince me, I'd love to

 see it. Butt~J1aven't seen it.       So, you know, I'm not saying that it's

 impossible; you asked me a question if it is going on, and I respond that I

 don't see any of it.

 Q:      I discussed This withne-ofyour comrades [loaded term!], and they

 h 've    ape stopslstarts.]

 A:      . . . many dill ent,pinions and

 Q:      To the affimativ
                i
 A:      Right.

 Q:      And they were affiliated with this.

 A:      Yeah,+know —Yeah---And-they; I mean, this is a free world; they are

 entitled to their opinions and I am entitled to mine. That's all I'm saying.

  just don't see any evidence for it, even though it's a fascinating theory.


—N0W'4nere is evidence there are people who have been taken on board

 craft and have had certain physiological effects afterwards,, where they

 seem to have had disease conditions or problems wh+cfi have rather

 extraordinarily been reversed. Dr. Saulter is one such example; and there

 are others. But that's different from say, introducing totally new genetic
                                                                           924

material between one species and another. And, while I know that that's

a popular idea, we just simply can't confirm it, yet. And it may be going on;

I am not saying it isn't; I just don't see the evidence to say that it is. So it

goes into the gray basket, no pun intended.


Q:     Again, we have_ no-ehance to[Tapes o                tsJ-

A:     What we are trying to do is convey a balance and sane perspective

on this. There is much about the ET/human connection which is totally

mysterious, and we don't have the answers to it. It needs more research.

But there are other areas where I think there is clear disinformation and

confusion, and which need to be clarified desperately before we jump off

the precipice into all kinds of wild assumptions, which can't be nailed down

and confirmed, whether they be positive, negative, or indifferent. And I

think we have to just be somewhat restrained on that until we can confirm

it. Thank-y     good suggestion. [Tape stops/starts.]


  • . question is whether there are certain devices that can provide a

protective role against these psycho-electronic devices. That is outside my

area of expertise. I will share with you what a Ph.D. naval intelligence

physicist told me: He says carry three magnets with you and put them in

three places on your body. For example, one in your breast pocket and

one in each hind pocket; or put three under your bed, and it will. . . they
                                                                         925
don't have to be large magnets; small magnets. That it completely disrupts

the subtle capacity of these psycho-electronic devices.


Q:      Positive ornegative magnets? [Tap_ _s        s/s_ .]

A:      I said magnets, and I presume that they would be three of the same.

Q.       u         mean each magnet has{s-[                 s/starts.]

A:       . .polar, north-seeking pole of the magnet should be against the

body.

Q:      Its~Jittle [Tape stops/starts repeatedly.]


Yes, well, I mean there have been a lot of brain-wave studies on brain-

wave activity during transcendence, as-it-w       or during this sort of state

where ther       4e wave activity changes and alpha wave verses the beta,
                                  LL
which falls off, and the corpus coloss'um-- or the connection between the

two hemispheres becomes synchronized so that the activity of the two

hemisphere~of the brain become very harmonious and synchronous. Yes,

those have been very well documented. And in fact, in some experiments

where people have had profound abilities to access non-linear mind, they

have found 4hat the suspension of the electro-cardiographic activity, in other

words, the heart beat and the breathing, you become in a sort of

suspended state physiologically.     And there have actually been some

studies where they have tested ery adeptpeople in this who are very deep
                                                                           926

state, and they find that that is true. So, yes, there are electro-physiological

effects.


Q:     Is there specific [Tape stops/starts.]

A:     . . . that added some information and not too much confusion. This

is certainly a vast subject. There many details                could discuss it

forev , a   , hat's not the intent. We just really want to touch on the big

themes and the types of experiences and the meaning as well as the myth

behind the whole question of these kind of close encounters.


We have been played like a harp, let me tell you that.           There is not

question that the civilian             nd particularly the UFO community

has been played like a harp. And let us remind ourselves of something

-    ,very basic. Is that if you wanted to be sure that disinformation had its

highest effect you would target the small group of civilian interest groups

and researchers dealing with that subject. And sj           fortunately, to the

extent somebody is involved theoretically and fromok-learning point of

view in this field,      that exi f they are confused and have been

disinformed.


And to the extent that they have some sort of honest and clear connection

to it, particularly that which can be shared in groups and consensual reality,
                                                                        927

to that extent they will grow in their true knowledge. Because the amount

of disinformation so far outweighs the real information that being very well-

versed in the literature frequently means that you are extremely well versed

in the disinformation. Unfortunately, this is the case. [End of Tape 18,

Side B]
