{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T01:46:30Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 244552, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117033-cseti-project-starlight-1-02-97.pdf", "source_sha256": "ddad0f6feaa896b1c27f44af54fc4fe86c083d243746696c3878c112e05f86a6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2494, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Filedenta
(congress.)
2 January 1997
Dear Concerned Citizen,
The CSETI Project Starlight program, which has been working to effect a credible disclosure on
the existence of extraterrestrial intelligence, has reached a critical point in its strategy. We now
have the ability to establish publicly that the world is being visited by advanced extraterrestrial
life forms, and we need your help to set the stage for this historic event.
As you may know, we have been working for several years to implement a strategy for collecting
the best available evidence on this subject, and to brief various world leaders. This has been
accomplished. Significantly, several dozen credible government, intelligence and military
witnesses have been identified who have first hand knowledge of the UFO/ETI matter. It is
critical for their testimony to be shared with the world at the highest and best venue.
These heros of our country, and of the world, are willing to come forward to testify at OPEN
Congressional hearings. We need for you to write your congressman and senators today and ask
that they support and co-sponsor an open hearing process where both the scientific data and this
important witness testimony can be provided
Please write to your congressman and senators, as well as to the Chairman of the Senate
Intelligence Committee, asking that they sponsor an open hearing this spring or summer where
these witnesses may safely testify. Explain to them that there are vast and profound implications
of this matter, and that in a democracy, it is imperative that matters of this importance be openly
discussed and known by the people.
Additionally, CSETI will be hosting a confidential briefing for members of Congress and other
government leaders in the coming weeks. If you or someone you know has a personal connection
to members of congress and would like to assist in seeing that they get to this special briefing,
please contact me immediately.
Finally, you can further assist us in this process by locating even more excellent first hand
government witnesses who may be willing to come forward to testify. If you can help in funding
these events, which will cost in excess of $100,000, please do so by making your tax-deductible
donation to CSETI today.
By working together, we are certain that the truth about the reality of UFOs and extraterrestrial
intelligence will be known by the people of the world in 1997. Thank you for your help!
Sincerely,
Steven M. Greer M.D. Director of CSETI
