{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T11:32:40Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 15, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1378904, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117013-center-for-the-study-of-extraterrestrial-intelligence-project-introduction.pdf", "source_sha256": "2db9ae185e404e5ad7cab8f640345d70a38f0c5f9b3dcd4b774a1d2348100f83"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 16, "chars": 134, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The CSETI Project:
An Introduction
Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence
Steven M. Greer, M.D. International Director

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 130, "chars": 1013, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI is non-profit tax-exempt research and educational organization incorporated in the
state of North Carolina, with members worldwide. CSETI is funded through charitable
donations and memberships and has an all-volunteer staff. Its primary goais are to:
*Establish a real-time diplomatic and research initiative to contact
extraterrestrial civilizations, leading to a sustainable, peaceful and
mutually beneficial relationship;
*Educate all sectors of human society about this subject in a credible
and non-harmful manner.
The CSETI project currently has 25 Working Groups woridwide which are conducting
research, and is guided by a 10-member Executive Council and an International Director,
Steven M. Greer, M.D. A senior diplomatic and research team known as the Rapid
Mobilization
Investigative
Team (RMIT)
responds
to areas of significant apparent
extraterrestrial activity and has
successfully established contact with extraterrestrial
spacecraft in the United States, Mexico, England, and Belgium.
...
1

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 192, "chars": 1429, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI IS ADVANCING IN THREE PHASES:
Phase I
Establishing research teams and RMIT, with resulting low-level to moderate contact events.
I'nitiating early public education efforts on this subject.
Developing basic organizational structure and infrastructure.
Phase I has been completed (1993).
Phase II
Collecting the best available evidence on this subject, with subsequent high-level briefings to
leaders in society, world governments and international leadership.
Continuing RMIT and Working Group development with
increasingly significant
extraterrestrial contact.
Furthering organizational development with the securing of adequate funding commensurate
with the scope and significance of the CSETI project.
Conducting a public announcement on this subject after leadership briefings are completed.
Initiating worldwide public education via major media after public announcement is made.
Phase Il is in progress and advancing rapidly.
Phase M
Following the heightening of world awareness on this subject, we anticipate a significant
augmentation of more direct and formal contact between CSETI teams and extraterrestria
civilizations.
The successful completion of Phase Il in a controiled and non-harmful fashion is essential to
more open and formal contact between humans and extraterrestrial peoples.
It is anticipated that a full landing and boarding sequence will occur in this phase within the
next two to five years.
2
•

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2316, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
---
The evidence that earth is being visited by at least one extraterrestrial civilization is extensive
both in scope and detail. in its totality, it comprises a body of evidence which at the very
least supports the general assessment that extraterrestrial life has been detected, and that a
vigorous program of research and serious diplomatic initiatives is warranted.
Consider the following overview of facts:
*There are numerous daytime and nighttime photographs and videotapes of clearly non-
human spacecraft from all over the world; these films and videotapes have been evaluated
and deemed authentic by competent experts.
*There are over 3500 military and commercial aircraft pilot reports of encounters
worldwide;
many cases have corroborating radar documentation and multiple witnesses
both on the ground and in the air.
*There are over 4000 landings with resulting physical traces around the world.
*There are hundreds of cases where spacecraft have been observed by police, miltary
personnel and civilians to affect car engines, radios, and other electric
devices electromagnetically.
*There are over 100 first- and second-hand witnesses to the retrieval of an extraterrestrial
spacecraft and at least four extraterrestrial bodies from a crash which occurred in July
1947, 75 miles northwest of Roswell, New Mexico. Written and videotaped testimony from
several first-hand witnesses who are respected military officers has been obtained.
*There are hundreds of credible reports, many with multiple witnesses, of humanoids in
association with landed spacecraft.
*CSETI has in the past 18 months succeeded in intentionally establishing contact with
extraterrestrial spacecraft, on two occasions at very close range, and with multiple
witnesses present.
*Various polls have indicated that approximately 10% of Americans (25 million people) have
seen these objects, and that about half this number (12-13 million people have seen them
at close range so that details of the structure of the object can be discerned.
Numerous U.S. Government documents exist which indicate that these objects are real anc
have been involved with observing earth for several decades.
*The U.S. Government possesses several extraterrestrials (ETs) and the deceased bodies of
several extraterrestrial biological entities (EBEs).
3

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 184, "chars": 1377, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
--.-
Recent worldwide trends of increasing extraterrestrial activity, coupled with significant
advancement in CSETI research results, suggest that imminent extraterrestrial events and
SETI initiatives will soon overtake current government policy on this issue. It is
ecommended that governments worldwide review and change existing policy to on
of increasing openness, disclosure and cooperation with civilian research teams.
Consider the following information:
*Some UFOs are extraterrestrial spacecraft (ETS) which are piloted by
extraterrestrial biological entities (EBES) who originate on another planet,
and most likely another star system.
*More than one extraterrestrial civilization is represented in the current
activities involving earth.
*These extraterrestrial civilizations are working in concert and not competitively,
although there is some specialization in function and activities for the various
groups. This indicates that there exists either an emerging or well-established
organization for these groups.
*These beings have bases within this solar system and may maintain temporary
bases on earth, particularly underwater and underground.
*The variety in sizes and shapes of ETS observed is due to (a) varying civilizations
of origin, and more importantly, (b) specialization of function, which include
and initiation of planetary first contact programs.
4

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 312, "chars": 2230, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
---
*ETS energy and "propulsion" systems utilize principles and laws of the physical universe
not yer fully appreciated by human science, and may include:
(a) gravity/anti-gravity and electromagnetic/gravity technology;
(b) space energy and so-called hyperdimensional energy systems;
(c) matter-energy interchangeable technologies;
(d) possible Consciousness Assisted Technology (CAT) and Technology Assisted
Consciousness (TAC).
T
Sudden and fully open contact with human civilization has been avoided because of a number
of interrelated factors, including:
(a) the need to avoid an untimely disruption of earth civilization including military,
political, geopolitical, cultural, economic, technological and religious upheaval;
(b) risks to their own civilization and "people" as well as overall mission, given
human xenophobia and tendencies towards violent armed reactions;
(c) up to this time, such massive and open contact has not been necessary, and has
not been consonant with their overall long-term mission and purpose.
A plan is in place to allow for gradually broader and deeper contact with human society and
individuals so that humans may become accustomed to the reality of other intelligent beings in
the universe, and so that needed research and observation may take place on both sides. Limited
but increasing opportunities for bilateral and human initiated contact will occur in the reasonably
near future.
*Sudden and large scale contact will occur only in the event of a significant
worldwide emergency (man-made or natural).
*While ET observation and interaction with earth is probably an ancient as
opposed to purely modern phenomenon, the marked increase in activity
coinciding with World War Il and the dawning of the "nuclear age" indicate
that extraterrestrial entities (ETis) are quite concerned about this transitional stage
*Extraterrestrial intelligence (ETI) technology is strictly guarded by both ETI and
uman governmental agencies because of its potential for military application:
vhich would greatly threaten world security. It is imperative that this technolog)
not find significant human applications until such time as the earth attains
international peace and an effective world government.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 466, "chars": 3065, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The US government, at least at the level of a highly compartmentalized top secret group, has
known about the reality of these ETS and their occupants since 1947. A strict secrecy has been
maintained due lo:
(a) a fear of public panic and social disruption;
(b) security issues surrounding possible military and technological application of
ETI technology, especially in the setting of a world beset with Cold War
tensions and competing interests;
(c) uncertainty and mistrust regarding ETI motives and ultimate intentions;
(d) embarrassment and consternation over human military inability to secure world
air space from repeated penetrations by ETS.
The nature of "reality" of these craft and these beings has been incorrectly characterized by some
as belonging to "another dimension and reality" different from this dimension. Unfortunately, these
statements are made without fully considering what "this reality" is. A more correct understanding of
this is that the Full Spectrum of Reality is a singular, integrated one which may be perceived
wholly or in any of its various aspects, such as perception being entirely dependent on the level
of consciousness of the perceiver. The various aspects of "dimensions" of this reality, which
are limitless in number, are not restricted to or by time and space as we know it commonly.
These beings and their craft belong to the same Reality as humans; however, their advancement
in the realms of physical science and the science of consciousness has given them competence in
a broader aspect of the Full Spectrum of Reality than is usually experienced by humans.
The difference, then, is one of degree rather than fundamental reality, since humans potentially
have access to all aspects of the Full Spectrum of Reality just as extraterrestrial beings do.
These differences are not insurmountable, nor are they truiy fundamental; in fact they are
relative and only temporary. While these beings are utilizing and experiencing a broader aspect
of the Full Spectrum of Reality, so too can and will humans, ior we are as
"inter-dimensional"
by nature as they.
Some, if nol all, EBEs have advanced mental capabilities which include telepathy, precognition,
remore viewing and others, indicating that they have developed the "science of consciousness" to
a degree which parallels or surpasses their advanced physical technologies. Humans also possess
(hese capabilities, but these remain largely undeveloped by most humans.
EBEs are more developed or advanced than humans in a number of respects, but are not superior
to humans as beings. Our point of unity and equality with EBEs is in our mutual existence as
conscious, intelligent beings. While these various EBEs may have values and priorities which are
difterent from those of some 20th century humans, their motives and ultimate intentions are non-
hostile and do not include the acquisition or subjugation of the earth and its peoples.
Establishing a lasting world peace and a just and effective world government is essential
to the long-term ETI-Human relationship.
6

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 525, "chars": 3388, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE FOUNDATIONS OF INTER-PLANETARY UNITY
by Steven M. Greer, M.D.
The time has arrived for a serious and open international dialogue regarding the possibility of
future inter-planetary relations. In no other area of human experience has so much evidence
existed for so long.
and yet been attended by such a paucity of serious research and
analysis--at least in the civilian domain. I was once asked at a conference what was the most
astounding aspect of this subject, and I replied that, while the subject matter itself is
extraordinary, it is the absence of a serious human response to it that is most
extraordinary.
Indeed, the true barriers to the furtherance of this field of study are neither scientific nor
evidential, rather they are political, psychological. social, spiritual and 'paradigmatic.'
Admictedly, it takes real courage for a person, otherwise respected in his or her profession
and community, to stand up and speak the truth about a subject which has been the stuff of
sensational tabloid claims, crackpots, and the 'cottage industry' in the UFO subcuiture. The
social stigma and opprobrium associated with this subject is a formidable barrier to the
serious treatment it deserves. If only a 10% probability exists that we have detected
extraterrestrial life which is already visiting earth--this being one of the most profound
discoveries in human history--we must find the inner fortitude to go forward.
To the sincere person who remains skeptical, consider this:
Absolute proof is not needed before serious research begins on a subject. In no other field of
human endeavor is proof required before serious study and research begins; on the contrary,
proof is the result of this research. In this regard, the subject of extraterrestrial studies is
being held to an irrational requirement of proof before serious research can begin, on the one
hand, and denounced as an area of spurious interest because no proof exists, on the other!
This, then, is not a function of scientific reason or evidence, but is the result of a political,
social and psychological reaction to a subject which causes most serious scientists to blush.
Our collective temerity is driven in part by fear of the unknown, in part by fear of ridicule,
and in part by faint-heartedness. The evidence, however, is so profound, the implications so
vast, and the consequences of doing nothing so dire that we have reached the point where we
must find the fortitude to respond to this subject in a mature and responsible way.
To any impartial observer, the evidence which exists certainly supports a greater than 10%
probability that we are being visited by advanced extraterrestrial civilizations. Indeed, to
most people who have seen the data in its entirety, the probability is in excess of 90%.
Having spoken to several government officials who have held Top Secret ciearances on this
subject, and who have confirmed to me that the U.S. Government has in its possession
several objects and bodies of extraterrestrial origin, my own personal assessment approaches
certainty. Beyond this, I have personally been present when these spacecraft have approached
the CSET! research teams within a few hundred feet, and have then signaled repeatediy to us.
Frankly, there is very little doubt in my mind that we are dealing with at least one
extraterrestrial civilization, and that they are non-hostile.
7

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 480, "chars": 3155, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
However, for argument's sake, let us state that all of the evidence available to us in the
civilian domain constitutes only a 10% probability of contact with extraterrestrial intelligence.
Does this not constiture adequate evidence to initiate a serious scientific and diplomatic
mission?
Certainiy in medicine a 10% probability of finding a cure for cancer would warrant an all-out
effort in the cancer research community. For it is generally true that when the stakes are
very high, the probability of success need not be, prior to initiating a research project.
Without question, the stakes are so high in this area that even a 10% probability is adequate
to mount one of the most extensive worid-wide research initiatives in history.
This question is not limited to the realm of science alone. As soon as one makes the
assessment, however tentative, that we are being visited by advanced extra-terrestrial life
forms, the larger question of inter-planetary (and inter-species) relations becomes pre-
eminent. This is, then, the ultimate diplomatic challenge. To find our common ground with
intelligent life forms which are not even human may prove to be the most extraordinary task
humanity has ever faced.
Witness how difficult it has been for humanity to come together in peace among the diverse
peoples of the world. Notwithstanding the fact that we are all human, living on the one
homeland called earth, wars, prejudices and enmity have repeatedly submerged the world into
chaos and destruction. As the world moves,
civilization, and the peoples of the world increasingly realize their essential unity as humans,
the potential for increasingly open contact between humans and other intelligent life-forms is
likely to increase exponentially.
Before we can entertain this concept, we must first ask ourselves some basic questions:
*What global developments must occur before full open contact can take place?
*How will communication occur, and what should be communicated?
*Prior to full, open contact, what form of contact and communication is possible,
in a pioneering or preliminary framework?
*And most importantly, what are the fundamental points of unity between humans and
other intelligent life forms in the universe? What is our universal common ground?
Regarding the last question, we cannot assume that extraterrestrial life forms who are
thinking, sentient beings, and who by definition have evolved under conditions different from
those on earth, are likely to be much like humans, at least superficially. Their level of
intelligence, fund of knowledge, emotional nature, social and political structures, ethical,
moral and religious systems--and more--are likely to be quite different from those of
humans. We must therefore find a deeper point of unity, what I call our highest common
denominator.
This consideration, however abstract it may seem to some, is really central to establishing a
sense of common ground between intelligent species. And without common ground, we can
have no relationship. I hold that this common ground is so obvious, and yet hidden, so near
and yet so overlooked, that it is easily missed altogether.
8

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 447, "chars": 3126, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pure 'awakeness' or conscious intelligence is what every conscious, sentient being in the
universe is, in its essential nature. The universal--or non-anthropocentric--aspect of human
consciousness is
that highest common denominator on which a sustainable relationship
between diverse life forms can be based. As humans, we are conscious, awake: other higher
life forms are conscious and awake. We may share very little else in common, but this
universal constant is shared, by definition, by all intelligent, conscious beings, whether
human or extraterrestrial. Consciousness, or universal conscious intelligence, is
the first
cornerstone of the foundation of inter-planetary unity.
Having realized the essential oneness which all intelligent higher life forms share, we are then
raced with the practical challenge of formulating an approach to inter-planetary and inter-
species relations which is peaceful, sustainable and mutually beneficial. Here are a few of the
principles
which appear
to be
essential to the successful, sustained engagement of
extraterrestrial civilizations:
"Any successful approach will incorporate a global perspective, and not one
driven by nationalistic or strictly national security imperatives. The motive
behind any attempt at contact and communications should clearly be globally
t the worid
into a true global civilization will certainly facilitate this type of relationship.
This entire matter, then, should be the focus of the international community.
One of the hallmarks of the maturation of the human race is the attainment
of a true world civilization and the establishing of a just and representative
world government, which would be empowered to respond to the challenge
of inter-planetary relations. Until such a body is effectively functioning, any
group attempting such contact should be operating within this global
perspective.
*While the precise motives for current extraterrestrial involvement with this planet
may not be fully known, there is no evidence that they are motivated by any
net hostile intentions. Until proven otherwise, therefore, it should be assumed
that any such visitors are non-hostile and approachable.
*The attainment of a healthy and appropriate collective self-esteem for humans is
essential for an appropriate relationship to evolve berween humans and any
other extraterrestrial species. Individuals and organizations involved with inter-
lanetary contact should avoid the common tendency to swing between viewin
dvanced technological beings as intrinsically superior or inferior. It is mor
sustainable to view such variations as simply differences which are the product
of diverse evolutionary paths, and that on the level of conscious intelligence,
ness.
*It should be realized that until the world achieves the leyei of maturity described
above, that any direct contact and relationship which develops may be limited,
preliminary and by nature pioneering. Given recent CSET! successes in this
regard, we can make the initial assessment that such contact is likely, and wil
progress as the world becomes increasingly a genuine globai civilization.
9

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 221, "chars": 1451, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*The knowledge of any contaci and evolving relationship should be shared with
all the peoples of the world to the fullest extent possible. and in a timely
fashion. Secret or covert contact should be viewed as intrinsically dysfunctional
and should be avoided to the fullest extent possible.
*A multi-disciplinary and multi-cuitural approach to any contact, relationship,
or exchange should be used. Communication itseif may proceed verbally,
electronically, 'symbolically/archetypically,' or even telepathically.
*A very broad view must be maintained in evaluating the manifestations of
an advanced extraterrestrial civilization, since their technological development
may be thousands to hundreds of thousands--and conceivably millions--of
years more advanced than earth's. The manifestations of such an advanced
technology may appear magical to humans, even as a hologram. TV, or laser
would appear magical to people of the 17th century. The tendency to pronounce
such manifestations as 'supernatural' or magical should be avoided.
to our small part of the galaxy? The best available evidence suggests that, no, we are
not alone, and yes, they have already found us. The real question at this point may be
nay hang in the balance. If we are wrong, and all of the existing evidence points t
ome other phenomenon it may. prove extremely enlightening. But if we are correct i
change the world as we know it.
IN EITHER CASE, THE TIME HAS COME TO ACT.
10

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 2545, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE IMPERATIVE OF CONSCIOUSNESS
When we speak of interacting with ETI, we are, after all, talking about reaching out to
advanced conscious intelligent beings, and not the mere observation of some natural
phenomenon or biological process. For this reason, careful consideration must be given to
not only our view of ETI's intentions, but more importantly, to our own intentions and
attitudes. The human tendency—-well evidenced by both military and civilian reactions to
ETS--for xenophobic, violent and even paranoid reactions to the new or unknown must be
addressed and rectified. The human predisposition to view anything which we do not
understand or control as intrinsically hostile and threatening must be overcome. The blind
quest for personal gain, profiteering and an inclination towards viewing ETS/ETI in a
predominantly "acquisition" framework need to be altered. If we are motivated by a desire to
"outsmart" ETI and acquire their technology and energy source, then our efforts will fail. If
we approach ETI with greed, fear, assumed hostility and suspicion, then we shall expend our
efforts in vain. There is no doubt that we are dealing with beings who are capable of reading,
by both telepathic and conventional means, our true intentions and motivations, and who can
sense the "spirit of our endeavor." Success requires that the spirit of our endeavor be one of
scientific openness, the search for truth, altruism, selflessness, harmlessness and non-
covetousness. A desire for the peaceful furtherance of the ETI-Human relationship is
paramount. For these reasons, "purity of motive" on the part of human researchers and
investigators is a primary prerequisite, while specific skills, expertise, and technology are
important but secondary considerations. The breadth and clarity of our consciousness is
imperative and transcends all other considerations. Our obsession with technology and
outward things tends to obscure the Big Picture of the ETI-Human relationship, and all that
it entails. While competence and knowledge cannot be slighted, we must insist on the primary
importance of consciousness. In this regard, it is likely that a novice possessed of noble
intentions and equipped with only a flashlight would meet (has met?) with greater success
than a governmental agency motivated by lesser intentions, even though it has advanced
technology, personnel and billions of dollars at its disposal. Indeed, an aboriginal with only a
bonfire may go further in the establishment of communication and the discovery of truth!

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 353, "chars": 2296, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
--_--
CSETI RESEARCH RESULTS SUMMARY
•
Mexico January 30. 1993:
On January 30, 1993, the RMIT was activated and sent to the volcanic zone outside of
Mexico City, Mexico. Just before 12:30 a.m., local time, on January 31, 1993, while
engaging in CSETI protocols to vector extraterrestrial spacecraft into the site, the entire
team was briefly engulfed in a beam of amber light, which originated in the northwest sky.
No conventional source for this beam was found. Later, on February I, 1993, the team was
able to vector into the site a large triangular craft, measuring 300-800 feet in diameter (one
to three football field lengths). This craft responded to the team's signals, circled the area,
and descended with its leading edge fully illuminated in what appeared to be a landing
attempt. This triangular craft was approximately 300 feet in elevation and under 5000 feet
from the research site. It had a brilliant light at each corner of the triangle, and a red
pulsating light in the center. It was accompanied by a small red-orange probe or scout craft.
As the craft left the area, it repeatedly returned signals from the team, and then dipped
below a ridge and was not seen again that night. This contact lasted about ten minutes. On
February 2, 1993, the same type craft returned, this time under 200 feet, and again signaled
in an interactive manner with the team. During the last 24 hours the team was in Mexico, it
encountered during daylight hours brilliant, shiny metallic discs which hovered or flew near
the team members. Four such discs on four separate occasions were encountered by the team
on February 3 and 4, 1993.
England July 27. 1992:
At approximately 12:20 a.m. on July 27, 1992, on an 1800 acre farm near Alton Barnes,
brillianty lie, discshaped, somed rat maasuring 80-150 in iomeer. This craft was sirene.
This craft was silent
and less than 400 yards away, and came within 10-30 feet of the ground. It was, in fact, in
the same wheat field in which the RMIT was located. This craft signaled repeatedly to the
vent up into the clouds.
the compass so that the needle rotated counterclockwise 360 degrees around the compass
dial. This near-landing event concluded with the craft receding to the mist and out of visible
range after 10-15 minutes of signaling the team.
12

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 210, "chars": 1441, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Florida March 14, 1992:
On March 14, 1992, at 8:24 p.m., CST, on a beach near Pensacola, Florida, over 40 people
present for a CSETI research team training exercise were able to vector into the area four
silent, hovering craft, which signaled repeatedly to the group, and changed formation in
response to the group's light signaling. This event was observed from six locations, and
videotapes and photographic evidence were obtained. These objects were under intelligent
control and moved towards the group while exchanging light signaling with the team. This
event lasted for 10-15 minutes.
Belgium February 5. 1992:
Having learned of a significant UFO wave in Belgium, the CSETI RMIT, consisting of four
people, departed for Brussels on February 5, 1992. On the night of February 9-10, the team
conducted research under unfavorable weather conditions near the town of Eupan, Belgium.
At 12:30 a.m. on the 10th the team saw at low elevation four objects approximately 300 feet
away, brightly lit, which vanished suddenly after about five minutes of observation. The team
returned the next morning to the site, and no explanation for the objects was found.
On the night of February 10, 1992, the team proceeded to a high ridge near Henri-Chapelle,
and at 12:45 a.m. on the 1ith successfully vectored into the site a large triangular, silent
craft which dipped below the low cloud cover to reveal a brilliantly lit apex of the triangle.
13
*

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1966, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HOW YOU CAN ASSIST
The scope of what we are attempting is immense. Financial support is essentiai to the success
of our projects. Membership or a contribution of any amount will help.
The "Best
Available Evidence" project is currently seeking the most recent verifiable
evidence of ETI encounters on the planet. This information will be used in the presentations
to world leaders. Encounters verifiable by multiple witnesses, multiple video or still
photography images, physical evidence, etc. are needed.
Members with high level contacts in government or the private sector, either in the United
States or abroad will be essential to the rapid networking and dissemination of data as Phase
Il progresses. Some of the people you know may be helpful in the collection and distribution
of information.
Member media contacts in print and/or broadcast networks will be needed. Regional
information centers will be established around the world to assist in collecting and processing
information and answering questions which will resuit from formal public announcement.
Funding for "Rapid Mobilization Investigative Team" (RMIT) field research is essential. The
ongoing successes with recent human initiated contacts (CE's) must continue.
We need people to help execute these goals. Do you have any other skills, contacts or
information which might be helpful to the CSETI mission? We can make it happen. Contact
us please. We need your help!
Friend of CSETI:
Contributor:
Sustaining Member:
Benefactor:
Starlight Member:
Research Founder:
$40-$59/year
$60-$100/year
$101-$500/year
$501-$2000/year
$2001-$10,000 Lifetime Member
Over $10,000 Lifetime Member and lifetime complimentary
conference status.
Corporate or Organization Membership: $60/year minimum
Name
Street Address
City
Phone
_ State
_ Occupation
Zip
Enclose additional information as necessary.
SETI membership includes: information packet and membership card, SETI newsletters,
and information updates.
14
