{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T23:37:10Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 22, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 881191, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117045-center-for-the-study-of-extraterrestrial-intelligence-earth-and-near-earth-extraterrestrial-survey.pdf", "source_sha256": "1845743c7392dd958f6de3117102d4515d5837fbfb2aaee284ff6a3c75cae24c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 543, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CŞEİI Barl/ncar Earth Extraterrstrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
A RESEARCH PROPOSAL ENTITLED:
•
THE CSETI" EARTH AND NEAR EARTH
EXTRATERRESTRIAL SURVEY
* Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence
Principal Investigator:
Dr. Steven MI. Greer M.D., Director
Phone:
Email:
Co-Principal Investigator: Dr. Theodore C. Loder III
Institute for the Study of Earth, Oceans, and Space
Morse Hall
Phone:
Email:
Submitted to:
Total Amount Requested: 59,429,702 '
Date Submitted:
Funding Period: 3 Years from the time of receipt of funding
•
•

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 2987, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Eartl/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
THE CSETI CARTH/NEAR EARTH EXTRATERRESTRIAL SURVEY
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Extraterrestrial civiliations which may be thousands of years ahead of us technologically
Therefore, an alternative approach to searching the radio frequency (RF) spectrum for
intelligent signals elsewhere in the universe must be considered. Central to this hypothesis is
the concept that any sufficiently advanced civilizations attempting interstellar communication
and travel will, perforce, develop "transluminal" (faster than light) technologies, which permit
real time communication and travel beyond the speed of light (EM) barrier. The CSETI
documents and reported landing trace cases suggests that a phenomenon exists in near Earth
proximity which could constitute extraterrestrial monitoring and reconnaissance of Earth.
CSETI proposes a two-phase, three-year scientific research project which would conduct a
global real time survey of this phenomenon and, for the first time, scientifically attempt to
measure it.
INTRODUCTION AND BACKGROUND
Recent scientific research has verified the existence of a number of star systems with planetary
bodies.
The discovery of these extrasolar planets has increased dramatically within the past
several years, so that now nearly 40 confirmed planets have been discovered. Over 500
scientific papers and reports on extrasolar planets and extraterrestrial life issues have been
listed on the extrasolar planets web site just since 1998 (Extrasolar 1999). This research has
also been the subject of many scientific articles in the popular press (Begley 1998; Lemonick
1996). In addition to planets, the existence of organic molecules in space which may provide
the essential components necessary for life have also been reported.
According to the Drake formula (Drake 1963), it is likely that thousands of intelligent life
forms have evolved within our own galaxy alone, which is only one of billions of such
galaxies. The question then presents itself of whether or not intelligent life actually exists
outside of Earth and, if so, how such life might manifest itself. This topic has been the subject
of intense speculation over the years in both the scientific literature (Goldsmith and Owen
1980; Deardorff 1986; Tough 1999) and the popular scientific press. It is a commonly held
view that somewhere, in a universe containing billions of galaxies each with billions of star
systems, higher intelligent life forms are likely to have evolved.
The SETI project (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) has focused on surveying space for
non-Earth originating electromagnetic (EM) signals using radio telescopes and a billion-
channel computerized monitoring system. The assumption used by SETI is that intelligent,
artificial and repeating EM signals originating from outside of Earth or human derived near
Earth technologies would be evidence of other intelligent life in the universe. While the SETI
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 479, "chars": 3204, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Earth/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
effort represents one rational approach to the question of discovering intelligent life in the
universe, there are additional strategies which are herein presented which will augment the
SETI project and test a number of hypotheses which are related to, but separate from, those
of SETI.
In the consideration of the evolution of higher intelligent life forms, frequently omitted are
questions of how such life forms might utilize laws of physics not currently known to
twentieth century Earth scientists, and how such a utilization may appear to humans that
encounter such technologies. While it is possible that EM signals may be detected from
civilizations using those technologies, it is equally likely that such technologies of
extraterrestrial origin may be utilized in a manner very foreign to humans. Moreover, it is
possible, if not likely, that there are communication and transportation technologies which
utilize laws of the universe, physics and applied technologies which altogether transcend
S041
current human understanding. Deardorff (1987) discusses the implications of some of these
ideas.
In this regard, it is important to consider that the universe (as we currently understand it) is
15-20 billion years old. In a universe so vast and ancient it is likely that, if there are intelligent
life forms outside of the Earth, they are at points of technological and social evolution
different from our own. Moreover, once a civilization reaches a certain point in social and
technological evolution it is likely that their further development becomes virtually quantum in
nature.
Considering how rapidly society and technology have changed and evolved since the human
scientific revolution, and extrapolating such exponential growth into the future 10,000 years,
one can see that the technology of that future time would seem virtually like magic to humans
of today. Thus, as we consider the likelihood of extraterrestrial intelligent life, it is important
to avoid an overly anthropocentric view of such life, and to remember how quickly
technologies beyond our comprehension.
This then brings us to a fundamental dilemma - advanced extraterrestrial life forms may very
well utilize laws of physics and technologies which are completely bevond the known EM
spectrum. Hence, if we are looking only within that spectrum, as SETI is doing, we are likely
to altogether miss the existence of such civilizations.
In summary then, it may be that as intelligent civilizations evolve technologically, other
spectra are discovered, mastered and utilized which altogether bypass (or transcend) the
currently known EM spectrum, It is possible - if not likely - that the current human use of the
EM spectrum is a technological phase of relatively short duration (like the use of fossil fuels
for energy), and that within a few hundred years other spectra will be utilized for
communications. Our searching for advanced extraterrestrial civilizations in the EM spectrum
could be the equivalent of a civilization at the evolutionary level of cavemen looking for our
civilization by trying to detect smoke rings rising from the jungle.
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 495, "chars": 3379, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Earth/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
PROJECT RATIONALE
Extraterrestrial civilizations which may be thousands to hundreds of thousand of years ahead
of us technologically will, by definition, not be using twentieth century Earth technologies.
Today's scientists insist that the speed of light cannot be exceeded, but we must remember
that only a few decades ago the technology that could enable an aircraft to exceed the sound
barrier did not exist. Perhaps advanced extraterrestrial civilizations capable of interstellar
communication and travel have evolved technologies which can exceed the speed of light or
effectively work around it. While this may seem impossible to us today, the world of today
would seem impossible to someone a brief 200 years ago.
Muse Ore considered tr steis in y scared inteli life war in the nigers.
extraterrestrial life forms may be capable of interstellar travel and communications at multiples
of the speed of light, or in altogether non-linear modes, which simple EM monitoring will
never detect.
Central to this hypothesis is the concept that any sufficiently advanced civilizations attempting
interstellar communication and travel will, perforce, develop "transluminal" (faster than light)
technologies which permit real time communication and travel beyond the speed of light (or
EM) barrier. As many scientists have pointed out, interstellar space is so vast that even the
speed of light is too slow to accommodate communication and travel across it. A hundred
light years is virtually in our galactic neighborhood, and yet at the speed ot light, a round-trip
conversation needed for communication will take 200 years; that is, one would be deceased
before the 'conversation' could be completed.
The real dilemma is the limitation of current human technologies. If we cannot project
communications at multiples of the speed of light, nor receive them, then there is a low
probability of detecting ET civilizations using current technologies. This dilemma is in part
rooted in the arbitrary assumption that, should extraterrestrial civilizations exist, they are only
'out there'. However, it is also possible that they are also already 'here'.
The hypothesis that we are not alone and, in fact, may already be receiving visits from
advanced extraterrestrial civilizations cannot be dismissed out of hand. Human civilization
could be visited by advanced ET life forms and be missing the events due to anthropocentric
views of technology and scientific prejudices regarding what may not be possible in terms of
"tranșluminal" space travel and communications. Human history, and that of modern science
in particular, is rife with examples of such myopia. A review of scientific, military and
intelligence cases dealing with extraordinary aerial phenomena would suggest that a near
Earth survey may be of more value than electromagnetically scanning the distant galaxies.
The CSETI retrospective review of scientific cases, photographs, video tapes, top secret
government documents and reported landing trace cases would suggest that a phenomenon
exists in near Earth proximity which could constitute extraterrestrial monitoring and
reconnaissance of the Earth (see Appendix A). Moreover, the identification and interviews by
CSETI of over 100 government, military, intelligence and aerospace employees, with high
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2637, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Earth/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
level security clearances and have worked in the "black world" of super secret projects,
strongly suggests that there is an ongoing extraterrestrial phenomenon albeit bizarre in terms
of its technological manifestations (see Appendix B).
While many such reports which exist in the general culture certainly represent
misidentifications of prosaic atmospheric, man-made or celestial phenomenon - if not outright
hoaxes - there is a residua of very convincing data which the objective scientist cannot ignore.
Included in this body of eviderice are nearly 500,000 cases in the so-called UFOCAT
computerized system, over 4000 landing trace cases in which unexplained craft have landed
and left physical trace evidence, over 3500 military and civilian pilot reports. Many of the
cases include corroborating radar confirmation and hundreds of pages of unambiguous
government documents. It is important to note that this evidence comes from all over the
world, not just advanced countries. There are also dozens of scientifically analyzed
photographs and videotapes which show objects which cannot be explained by conventional
phenomenon or human-made craft (see Appendix C).
While the interpretation of the data may be debated, there is no question that a real,
scientifically measurable aerial and near Earth phenomenon exists which may constitute
extraterrestrial activity.
Recently a team of scientists lead by Dr. Peter Sturrock of Stanford University, formed a
panel to review the physical evidence reports of UFO phenomenon and concluded with great
publicity that there was enough evidence to warrant further scientific study (Sturrock et al
1998; Sturrock 1999). Unfortunately, due to the sensationalizing and subsequent dismissing
of the subject en toto, no global scientific, civilian, independent survey of this phenomenon
has ever been conducted.
In light of the substantial body of scientific evidence which
now exists, the time has come for a serious scientific global survey of this unexplained
Earth/near Earth activity to begin. Even if all of the current data only suggests a 10%
likelihood of extraterrestrial activity, the implications of near Earth ET activity are so
profound that a serious independent (non-governmental) scientific survey is warranted.
Due to the well-documented history of official and covert governmental machinations related
to this subject, it is necessary that this global Earth/near Earth extraterrestrial survey occur
independent of government, military or government aerospace contractor control or influence
(see Appendix D).
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 312, "chars": 2156, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Eartl/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
PROPOSED EFFORT
CSETI (a 501-C-3 scientific research organization) proposes a two phase, three-year
initial scientific research project which would conduct a global real time survey of
Earth/near Earth extraterrestrial activity and, for the first time, scientifically attempt to
measure it. For background information on CSETI see Appendix E. Research would occur
in passive/observation and active (interactive) modes as described below.
PHASE I - GLOBAL SCIENTIFIC SYMPOSIUM
i!
Phase I of this proposal is to convene a Global Scientific Symposium to formally collect and
present in one place all of the best, credible retrospective data on the subject currently
proceed with maximum data on past events plus the identification of areas of ongoing
anomalous aerial activity which may be extraterrestrial in nature. (For a Summary of Phase I
see Appendix F).
PHASE I - REAL TIME RESEARCH
The identification of credible areas of anomalous aerial activity which are either acutely or
chronically persistent would allow for the most promising setting for real time, serious
scientific research and observation.
Unexplained phenomena and craft near to the Earth have been reported for over 100 years.
An analysis of these phenomena results in several patterns of events that have been repeating
throughout much of the twentieth century. These events are described and classified as
follows:
1. Aerial objects observed transiently by multiple credible observers. These objects have
been seen at close range and are variably described as discs, spheres, triangles, etc.,
and invariably maneuver in non-aerodynamic ways. An object seen within 500 feet is
termed a close encounter of the first kind (CE-1).
2. Objects or craft that have landed or have been very near the ground hovering and
which have left physical trace evidence (a landing area that is indented, burned, etc.) or
electromagnetic anomalies. This is termed a close encounter of the second kind
(CE-2).
3. Objects or craft at which humanoid life forms have been observed. This is termed a
close encounter of the third kind (CE-3).
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2774, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Earth/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
4. Events during which observers claim to have been onboard such objects. This is
termed a close encounter of the fourth kind (CE-4).
Interactive events with craft or objects which involve voluntary human signaling
followed by deliberate communicative response from the object. This is termed a close
• encounter of the fifth kind (CE-5). Although a CE-5 event may sound just too bizarre
to some, Dr. Richard Haines, a former NASA scientist, has just published an analysis
of several 100 of such events (Haines 1999).
Importantly, any combination of the above may occur in a given geographic region
persistently over a period of time, in what has been called a 'wave' of sightings. For example,
persistent waves of anomalous aerial activity have been reported during the 1990s in Belgium,
Mexico, parts of the USA, Brazil, Russia, Japan and the United Kingdom (see Appendix G).
An informal network of organizations and individuals studying the subject exists which allows
for the rapid identification of an ongoing wave of events to which a scientific team could be
deployed. Over the past 7 years, CSEST has observed that at any given time there are areas of
anomalous aerial activity being reported by credible observers, pilots, the military and others
to which a properly equipped scientific team could be deployed. These areas of chronic
and/or acute activity, which may persist for days to weeks to years, are prime targets for
scientific research and real time observation.
The following nine research components are required for an effective real time survey of
potential extraterrestrial activity in near Earth proximity:
1: Effective global monitoring of anomalous aerial events (AAE) followed by
2. Rigorous analysis of AAE to eliminate conventional explanations (misperception of
celestial activity, experimental military aircraft, hoaxes, natural aerial phenomenon.
etc.) resulting in
3. Determination of genuine anomalous aerial events which are persisting, followed by
4. Deployment of a Rapid Response Team (KRT) to the area, with fully portable
scientific detection, measurement and recording equipment and personnel trained in
observation and interactive protocol, talevie be, materials and event, followed by
Determination of validity of RRT evidence and events:
7. IF events are deemed likely extraterrestrial in nature, then further analysis of data,
evidence and events will be done by a separate, independent and impartial Scientific
Review Panel (SP).
8. IF events and data are confirmed by the SRP, then there will be notification of
appropriate scientific and governmental authorities, followed by
9. Full scientific media briefing and release of data and findings to the public.
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2394, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Earth/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
Each of the above research components are described below.
1. Global Monitoring of AAE - Currently, there are no non-covert, professionally funded
and staffed entities monitoring AAE globally. However, a network of reliable
researchers, scientists and organizations who monitor the phenomenon have been
identified, which could be linked to a central data center. In addition, the Internet
increasingly allows for rapid reporting of such events.
• The proposed Global AAE Data Center would monitor current AAE around the world
via a substantial network of volunteer researchers and organizations and would also
create reporting networks with the following:
• NORAD, NRO and NSA
Air Traffic Control Centers (globally)
Select Military points of contact
Civilian Airline Pilots
NASA
• Local and regional police forces
• News media (both passive scanning of the media for reports and requests to media
for active reporting of events)
* Others to be identified
ri
The Global AAE Data Center will be staffed with personnel who will collect reports,
analyze and prioritize validity of reports, further investigate raw data as needed and
identify events which warrant close scrutiny for possible RRT deployment.
This analysis phase of collected data and reports is key since the assessment of AAE
• from these reports will determine whether or not the RRT is deployed. A scientific
staff with expertise in the following will be needed to make this determination:
Atmospheric Physics
Astronomy
• Data analysis and imaging analysis (photographs, videotapes, satellite images, etc.)
• Experimental military aircraft and covert military capabilities
Aerospace/Orbiting debris and reentry phenomenon
Other
Reports of current AAE will be analyzed and assigned a rank-order classification,
which lists the event in a fashion that allows for rapid determination of the quality of
the event. Events which have multiple credible witnesses (military, pilots, police,
scientists, etc) and for which other corroborating evidence exists, such as landing
traces, photographs, radar confirmation or material evidence, will have the highest
ranking.
Once an AAE is analyzed, verified and authenticated, a determination will be made as
to whether the event was transient and non-repeating or part of a larger pattern of
ongoing and persistent activity.
8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 311, "chars": 2112, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Eartl/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
4.
For example, an AAE of high quality may be part of a chronic background pattern of
activity in the general geographic area and could indicate an intensification of the
phenomenon. If so, the RRT may then be considered for deployment to the site for
real time research.
Ranking of these events, then, will be twofold: by quality of the event itself on a 1-10
basis (1 indicating the weakest supporting evidence and 10 the highest) and by degree
of persistence of the phenomenon in that region. Persistence ranking will be as
CP = chronic, persisting phenomenon (that is an event which is part of an historical
area of chronic, background activity and reports of AAE); and SAP = AAE which are
persistent but intermediate between chronic and acute waves of activity.
The determination of the validity of the report, its relative rank and persistence factor
will determine whether or not the RRT is deployed.
Deployment of the Rapid Response Team (RRT) will be decided on the above factors,
plus the feasibility of getting a team rapidly into the geographic region in question.
This will be decided by the Project Director in consultation with the Science Director,
RRT members and members of the Scientific Review Panel when appropriate.
Given current AAE activity, it is likely that multiple RRTs will be needed for multiple,
simultaneous research projects in varying geographic areas.
Each RRT will need the following specialists:
• Team Coordinator/Director
* Logistics/Travel Coordinator
Five Field Documentation Specialists including:
1) Equipment and technical specialist for equipment set-up and maintenance
2) Imaging specialists) for photographic, videotape, film and other imaging
tasks
3) AAE identification specialists trained in early detection and observation of
AAE
4) Extraterrestrial communication specialist proficient in high-level contact
protocols.
5) Other specialties as need arises. There will be significant cross training of
the needed field specialties so rapid substitutions can occur in the field as
events unfold.
9

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 317, "chars": 2381, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Earth/near Eartlı Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
Equipment used on-site for the RRT:
• Magnetometers
• Spectral radiometers
• GPS
• Night-vision equipment (third generation)
• Regular, infrared, ultraviolet and starlight-scope cameras, video cameras and film
• Portable DAT (digital audio tape) recording equipment
* Electronic sensors for laser, microwave and other energy forms
• Data acquisition and transmission equipment
* Communications equipment
• Radio-transmitters for anomalous tone projection (see below)
. • TV transmitters for projection of data to AAE (see below)
• Data, landing trace and material evidence collection and storage equipment
• Portable Radar Unit
• High powered light and laser signaling equipment
• Landing configuration strobes and markers
• Other items will be added based on field experience and on recommendations of
the SRP
Activities of the RRT include:
* General observation and reconnaissance of the AAE area.
• Collection of information from local sources regarding times, places of recent AAE
events.
* Obtaining optimal research site which is secure and in center of AAE.
• Passive observation and scientific measurement and recording of any AAEs.
• Active, peaceful engagement of AAE once it is determined that the AAE is a
presumptive extraterrestrial object under intelligent control.
• Communication with extraterrestrial object and / or occupants if possible using
Contact Protocols.
* Full recording of all passive and active / interactive events and collection of
scientific measurements.
* Collection and safeguarding of any objects/materials of extraterrestrial origin.
Extensive preliminary field research during global SETI CE-5 experiments over the
past 8 years has enabled CSETI to develop protocols for signaling to and engaging
AAE/presumptive extraterrestrial objects. While these experiments to date have been
unfunded and lacked professional scientific equipment or staff, as preliminary events
they have afforded CSETI remarkable opportunities for experimenting with
engagement and contact protocols (see Appendix I, CSETI CE-5 experiences 1991-
1997).
Since a component of the hypothesis to be tested is that these objects are under
ntelligent control by advanced intelligent life forms, it is important to note tha
n addition to passive observation and recording, protocols will be used for activ
10

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 305, "chars": 2076, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Earth/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
engagement, active vectoring of AAE to the research site and interactive
communication, should events evolve to that point.
rectoisy retrial ring this (se pendid, high u, prosited be ping ones
and ground landing strobes:
In the event an object approaches at close range and engages the RRT in active
signaling and/or communication, the event will continue to be recorded, if possible,
and the RRT will advance to protocols for higher level contact with presumptive
extraterrestrial life forms and/or objects. Since an event theoretically could evolve to
the point of open contact and communication with non-human life forms, it is
necessary that the RRT be fully cross trained in diplomatic and communication
protocols so that such an event may proceed optimally.
For this reason no weapons, or objects which could be construed as weaponry, will be
allowed during any RRT activation.
For classification purposes, the following Levels of Contact with AAE/Presumptive
Extraterrestrial Objects will be used:
Level I Contact:
Level II Contact:
Level Ill Contact:
Level IV Contact:
• Level V Contact:
Level VI Contact:
Clear and confirmed contact, which lasts less than 60 seconds.
Clear and confirmed contact which lasts more than 60 seconds
and which is clearly interactive (responding to RRT interactive
protocols).
Near Landing or Landing event during which object approaches
at less than 500 ft and under 100 feet AGL (above ground level)
altitude.
Landing/near landing event with signaling or substantive
communication lasting more than 60 seconds.
Prolonged landing and interactive event lasting over 60
seconds.
Prolonged landing and interactive event lasting over 60 seconds
with subsequent contact with or communication with observed
extraterrestrial life forms.
Level VII Contact:
Event which results in one or more members of the RRT
entering presumed extraterrestrial object.
Level VIII Contact: Event which results in RRT members) departing with
presumed extraterrestrial object and/or life forms.
11

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2616, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Earth/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
Level IX Contact:
Return of RRT members from Level VIII Contact above with
substantive information and evidence, OR exchange of
substantive information, evidence and technologies.
Every effort will be made to conduct full scientific measurements, recording and
retrieval of data at every level of contact. Manual recording (still and motion picture
cameras) which is not dependent on electrical or electronic energy systems will be also
used since past experience with the phenomenon by CSETI CE-5 teams indicates that
anomalous EM interference may render electronic devices inoperable.
Should a Level VI Contact or higher event transpire, communication of this fact will
5.
Processing and analysis of data resulting from RRT events.
Depending on the degree of contact and type of evidence recovered, a
multidisciplinary team of scientists will be utilized for analysis of the event. The data
from regular, infrared, ultraviolet and starlight cameras and videotape as well as
electronic data will be processed and analyzed by scientists specializing in those areas.
Should materials be retrieved which are of presumptive extraterrestrial origin, these
will be secured and then analyzed by experts in metallurgy, biology, histology, etc. as
warranted. Should a landing/near landing occur, the landing site will be secured and
thoroughly studied and analyzed, and soil and vegetation samples will be retrieved for
later laboratory analysis.
6.
At the completion of the analysis of the event and all evidence, a determination will be
made regarding the nature of the event and the validity and usefulness of the evidence.
This final in-house determination will be made by an Event Determination Team
(EDT) made up of the project directors and members of all the RRTs. If the event is
regarded as extraterrestrial or very likely extraterrestrial in nature. it will be referred to
scientists independent from the project.
7.
The Scientific Review Panel (SRP) will consist of impartial scientists from multiple
disciplines who will review all evidence, materials, recordings, measurements, etc. and
perform independent analysis of it. The SRP will be asked to make an independent
determination regarding the events) in question.
Should the SRP make a
determination, which differs, from the in-house scientific team's, a third analysis will be
performed by another separate scientific panel. Should the event continue to be
regarded as indeterminate by this team, the event will be reported publicly in a manner
which reflects the differing assessments.
12

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 157, "chars": 1073, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Earth/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
8. Should the SRP concur with the SETI EDT regarding the validity of the event and
make an assessment that it was likely or definitely extraterrestrial in nature, CSETI and
the SRP will jointly notify appropriate scientific and governmental authorities. Entities
to be notified include:
• The UN Secretary General and UN Security Council
• The International Astronomical Union
• The UN Office of Outer Space Affairs
•
The US National Academy of Sciences
The National Science Foundation (US)
• The Russian Academy of Sciences
• NASA
• Other nations' academic institutes
* The Executive Office of the President (US) and the Science Advisor to the
President
9. A full scientific media briefing will be conducted, after an appropriate interval to allow
or review by the above authorities, at which the data and findings will be released tr
he public. A reputable and competent media relations firm will be engaged t
• coordinate the media briefing and subsequent media inquiries, which would be
substantial.
13

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1949, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Earth/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
BUDGET AND BUDGET RATIONAL
Phase I period of performance and cost: 1 Year; $80,000
Phase II period of performance and cost: 3 Years; $9,349,702
Personnel
Office Team Members
Because of the nature of the project, some of the members of the Office team may also
participate in field work now and then in order to understand that aspect of the project and
fill in if personnel are unable to participate.
Director - Responsible for:
• Overall project vision and goals.
* Outreach to different national/international scientific and governmental agencies
• Raising money.
• Synthesis of results in conjunction with the Science Director and other members of
the project.
Science Director
• Works closely with the Director with regards to experimental design, field
collection of data, and analyses of it.
• Consults with a number of outside experts (consultants), since the range of
phenomena is typically beyond the scientific scope of any individual.
• Stands in for the Director at meetings and public presentations as needed
Project Manager/Financial Officer
• Works with the directors and staff to coordinate details of the field logistics and
office management issues.
• In charge of all the financial issues regarding the project including oversight on
spending, setting up the accounting system, and reporting needs to the funding
agency.
Secretary and bookkeeper
Shared duties between the secretary and the bookkeeper will include
• Equipment and supplies ordering.
• Travel arrangement planning for the staff and teams in conjunction with each team
coordinator.
• Routine book keeping.#
Answering telephones and routine office filing, etc.
AAE Scientist and Data Archivist
• Involved in the collection and scientific analysis of AAE information obtained
from all over the world.
Works directly with team members to develop methods for collection and storage
of the field data.
14

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 2099, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Earth/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
Field Team Members
Each Rapid Response Team (RRT) will consist of seven members: the Team Director,
a Field Logistics Travel Coordinator, and 5 Field Documentation Specialists. When the
team members are not in the field they will be back at the main office, analyzing and
synthesizing their field data. They will also aid in the collection, analysis and
interpretation of AAE data from around the world.
• The Team Director will have overall responsibility of the scientific direction, site
selection and personnel responsibilities during the fieldwork.
• The Field Logistics Travel Coordinator will make all arrangements for travel and
housing during the field deployment and will often precede the team to the site to
make these arrangements.
• The Field Documentation Specialists will each be in charge of various
observational equipment used to collect data and will have their own specialties.
Phase-in of the field component. - Because of the potential difficulty of finding and
training an adequate number of field personnel, there will only be 2 field teams during
the startup year (year I) and the 3rd team will be added during the second year.
Benefits Costs
Benefits costs are based on a percentage of the salary costs and include social security,
insurance, health benefits, and retirement contributions.
Supplies and Office Rent
Supplies - Supplies include all things that are disposable or not equipment including:
monthly costs for office needs including communications (phone, FAX, Internet
access, AOL or equivalent accounts for field team Internet access), copier rental and
copy costs, office supplies (paper, pens, disks, tapes, etc.). Estimated cost of field
supplies is $500 per field trip week, including batteries, film, recording tapes,
computers, disks, etc. for seven team members.
Office Rent - Rented office space must be large enough to house all the project
personnel, computers, and equipment needed to run the project. The project's central
offices will be based in the Charlottesville area of VA
15

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 447, "chars": 2722, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Eartl/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
Equipment
Iwo types of equipment are listed: office and field. The office equipment includes mainly
computers (desktops for personnel staying at home, staff, AAE data archiving, etc.) and office
furniture. There are some extra desktop computers to be used by some of the field team
personnel when at home.
Laptop computers will be available for all the field personnel and will be usually used
by them when they are in the office. Extra laptops are included, since office people
will need them for traveling and extras will be needed for data collection in the field.
In year 3 the cost of 7 new laptops has been added to replace or upgrade those
purchased in year 1.
Field equipment is divided into two main categories (Team personnel items and
Team Items). Personnel items are those assigned to each field person. One to several
extra of each of the personnel items per team have been included to replace lost,
stolen, or broken items while in the field. The team items are those required by the
whole team to collect field data and are almost entirely commercially produced
reducing the need for equipment development.
The costs given on the list are
estimates. Lastly, one 4WD vehicle per team is necessary, to be outfitted with
electronics and used for experimental work and field work on the North American
continent. The second vehicle is expected to be rented at the site for the regional
work. The teams will have to rent both vehicles in foreign countries.
A 10% repair and replacement cost for equipment for the life of the project has been added
to cover breakage or losses.
'Travel Costs
Team travel - Travel costs are based on an average 2 to 4 week field trip per team, 7
times per year, with 2 teams deployed during year 1, and 3 teams during years 2 and 3.
Each team is expected to be in the field for approximately 20 weeks per year. Airline
ticket costs are estimated at a high level since the teams will often travel rapidly in
response to reports of major sightings around the world and thus do not have the
option of purchasing tickets well in advance. Lodging and food expenses represent an
average of high costs in parts of the US, Europe and Japan and lower costs in many of
the third world countries.
Administrative travel - This reflects the following costs:
•
•
Travel by Director or the Science Director to meetings either to make
arrangements or present study results at scientific meetings throughout the
world.
• Travel by Director or the Science Director to periodically visit the field teams.
• Annual Scientific Advisory Panel meeting to review the results of the year's
work and make recommendations for future work.
16

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 144, "chars": 1008, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETT Eartl/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
Consultants
Because of the broad scope of the scientific nature of the phenomena being observed, no
single individual has all the expertise needed to understand what is being observed with the
AAE phenomena. Consultants or advisors are expected to be hired, especially during the first
year, to help design the electronic monitoring systems. This is especially true in this field since
much the expertise and knowledge is tied up in covert projects not readily available in the
normal scientific literature.
Global Scientific Symposium (Phase I)
Cost estimates for the Global Scientific Symposium include approximately 40 invited speakers
it an average of $1500 each (room, board, and travel) for a 4 day meeting plus 10 CSET
staff members.
This totals about 50 people or about $75,000 cost for the attendees
Estimated funding for organizational expenses (room, taping, and proceedings) is $5000. The
total funding for Phase I is $80,000.
17

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 231, "chars": 1906, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Eartl/near Eartl Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
REFERENCES CITED
Begley, S. 1998.
Deardorff, J. 1986.
Deardorff, J. 1987.
How planets are born. Newsweek (May 4, 1998). p. 54-60.
Possible extraterrestrial strategy for Earth. Quarterly Journal of the
Royal Astronomical Society. 27:94-101.
Extraterrestrial communications. Journal of Communication.
37:181-184
Drake, F. D. 1963.
How can we detect radio transmissions from distant planetary
systems?, p: 165-175. In A. G. W. Cameron (ed.), The search for
extraterrestrial life, W.A. Benjamin, Inc., New York.
Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaedia website. 1999. http://cfa-www.harvard.edu/planets/
Goldsmith, D. and T. Owen. 1980. The search for life in the universe. The
Benjamin/Cummings Publishing Co. Inc., Menlo Park.
Haines, R. 1999.
CE-S Close Encounters of the Fifth Kind. Sourcebooks, Inc.,
Naperville, IL. 435 p.
Lemonick, M. D. 1996. Searching for other worlds. Time (February 5, 1996). p. 52-57.
Sturrock, P. A. and 21 others. 1998. Physical evidence related to UFO reports: The
proceedings of a workshop held at the Pocantico Conference Center,
Tarrytown, New York, September 29-October 4, 1997. Journal of
Scientific Exploration. 12:179-229.
Sturrock, P. A. 1999. The UFO Enigma: A New Review of the Physical Evidence. Warner
Books. 416pp.
Tough, A. 1999.
Fresh SETI strategies. Journal of the British Interplanetary Society.
52: 286-289.
LIST OF ACRONYMS
AAE
Anomalous Aerial Events
CE-1
Close Encounter of the First Kind
CE-2
Close Encounter of the Second Kind
CE-3
Close Encounter of the Third Kind
CE-4
Close Encounter of the Fourth Kind
CE-5
Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind
CSETI
Center for the Study of
Extraterrestrial Intelligence
DAT
EDT
EM
RF
RRT
SETI
SRP
Digital Audio Tape
Event Determination Team
Electromagnetic
Radio Frequency
Rapid Response Team
Search for Extraterrestrial
Intelligence
Scientific Review Panel
18

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 189, "chars": 1496, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Earth/near Earth Extraterrestrial Survey Proposal, 12/14/99
LIST OF APPENDICES
Appendix A. The CSETI retrospective review of scientific cases, photographs, video tapes,
top secret government documents and reported landing trace cases
Appendix B.
Description of CSETI government, military, intelligence and aerospace
employees, with top secret security clearances, who are witnesses to
extraterrestrial phenomenon
Appendix C.
List of scientifically analyzed photographs and videotapes which show objects
which cannot be explained by conventional phenomenon or human-made craft.
Appendix D. Background to the history of official and covert governmental machinations
related to the subject of unidentified flying objects and extraterrestrial issues.
Appendix E.
Description and History of CSETI - The Center for the Study of
Extraterrestrial Intelligence.
Appendix F.
Phase 1: A Global Scientific Symposium to formally collect and present in one
place all of the best, credible retrospective data on the subject currently
available.
Appendix G. List and descriptions of recent persistent 'waves' of anomalous aerial activity.
Appendix H. Project organizational structure and Scientific Advisory Panel.
Appendix I.
List and descriptions of CSETI CE-5 experiences from 1991-1997.
Appendix J.
Vectoring protocols successfully used by CSETI.
Appendix K. List of potential members of the Scientific Advisory Panel
Appendix L. Letters of support
Appendix M. Review of SETI monitoring strategies.
19

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 77, "chars": 1127, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
.... - -
CSETI BUDGET SUMMARY
Personnel (#)
Management (4)
Office Support staff (2)
AAE Staff (1)
Field Teams (2 or 3)
Budget reflects # of field teams
Total Personnel Salary Costs
Boc-Sec. health insurance, retirement benefis, etc.) 35%
Supplies and Rent
Office Equipment and Computers
Field Equipment (Yr. 3 inc. 10% replace)
Team Travel and Field costs
Administrative Travel costs
Consultants
Global Scientific Symposium
TOTAL COSTS
Contingency (5% of all expènses except equip.)
Yearly Costs & TOTAL PROPOSED BUDGET
CSETI Proposal Budget DRAFT 11/3/1999
Year 1
365,000
60,000
• 50,000
610,000
1,085,000
379,750
186,500
126,000
227,640
499,600
52,000
75,000
80,000
2,631,490
131,575
2,763,065
Year 2
383,250
63,000
52,500
960,750
1,459,500
510,825
207,075
27,000
113,820
749,400
52,000
50,000
3,169,620
158,481
3,328,101
Budget Page 1
Year 3 Project Totals
402,413
66,150
55,125
1,008,788
1,532,475
536,366
215,554
21,000
22,764
749,400
52,000
50,000
1,150,663
189,150
157,625
2,579,538
4,076,975
3,179,559
158,978
3,338,537$
1,426,941
-- 609,129
174,000
364,224
1,998,400
156,000
175,000
80,000
8,980,669
449,033
9,429,702

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 577, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Proposal Budget DRAFT 11/3/1999
Breakdown of Supplies and Rent Costs
Office Rent plus utilities (elect., heat, water)
Communications (Phone, FAX, Internet access, AOL)
Copier rental + copying
Office Supplies
Field Supplies (film, batteries, tapes, etc.)
Cost per field team week in field times weeks/team
-_Equipment and liability insurance for field work
TOTAL SUPPLIES (including rental costs)
500
20
120,000
24,000
7,500
10,000
126,000
25,200
7,875
10,500
20,000
30,000
5,000
- .. _ 7,500
186,500
207,075
Budget Page 3
i32,300
26,460
8,269
11,025
30,000
7,500
215,554

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 125, "chars": 1259, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI Proposal Budget CONFIDENTIAL DRAFT 11/3/1999
Radar/laser detectors w/ recording output
Radio Frequency Spectrum Analyzer
Portable radar system w/recording output
Portable DAT (digital audio tape) recorders
Communications equipment(Walkie talkies)
Radio transmitters for tone projection
Landing strobes and markers
TV Transmitters for data to AAE (costs uncertain)
Psychotronic detection devices (costs uncertain)
Team Light Imaging Items
Video camera 1 - w/ nightscope
Video camera - / wide angel aty ens
Windup movie camera
35mm mech. cameras w/ assort. lenses (Older Nikon or equiv.)
Digital still cameras
35mm quality aim/shoot cameras
Stabilizing binoculars high power (Cannon15x45 IS)
Spotting scopes (1 visual, 1 video)-Televue
Tripods for cameras
Other Team Items
Power inverters (12v to 120v)
Shipping Boxes (various sizes)-(Hardigg)
Battery chargers
4WD electronics vehicles for US field work
500
25000
5000
500
500
500
25
2000
50000
10000
2000
5000
2000
300
Budget Page 5
1000
25000
5000
1000
2500
1000
150
4000
: 4000 -
4000
500
1000
1000
350
1400
800
125
600
300
30,000
Iotal Field Equip.
8000
8000
2800
3200
1500
1200
3000
800
60000
227,640
4000
4000--
500
2000
1000
700
1400
1600
750
600
1500
400
30000 "
Year 3
10% Replace
113,820
22.764
