{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T01:15:11Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 940605, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117077-project-starlight-cseti-initiative.pdf", "source_sha256": "2ef587c45a3526decdeeb05c8aff70e8980dde3d48dab9988293f3d646ba8c5c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 422, "chars": 2940, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI
PROJECT STARLIGHT
The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI) Project Starlight is a global
effort designed to effect a definitive disclosure on the detection of extraterrestrial intelligence
(ETI). Begun in 1993, the Project now encompasses a world-wide network of researchers,
government liaisons, military and intelligence personnel, media leaders, leaders in society
generally and important official witnesses to covert operations dealing with the UFO/ETI subject.
Substantial evidence has been collected dealing with the existence of ETI in proximity to the
arth, including video tape footage, movie footage, photographs, government documents, cas
eports, pilot encounters, landing trace events and witness testimony. It is the intent of Projec
Starlight to convene a disclosure event where the best of this collected evidence, data and
testimony will be presented to the world's population.
The over-arching philosophy of the Project is that the time has come for this information to be
presented in a scientific and credible manner to the public, and that this must be done in a
manner which is non-threatening, hopeful and, to the extent possible, not destabilizing to society
generally. The end of the Cold War presents a window of opportunity for this disclosure, and
the world community has reached the point generally so that such a disclosure could not only
be assimilated, but could prove beneficial in a number of areas, including:
>Geopolitics, insofar as such a disclosure would cause people and governments around the world
to realize that we are not alone and that the earth is the basic homeland of all the peoples of the
world.
>The environment, since a disclosure would set in place the eventual public application of
advanced extraterrestrial technologies, which are non-polluting.
>Global economic development, since these advanced technologies mentioned above would
remove the world from the current relative scarcity of energy, which fundamentally drives
economic development world wide.
>Government integrity, since a disclosure would return the most important covert project of the
twentieth century to the national and international community, hence ending the destructive and
erosive effects which extreme secrecy exerts in constitutional democracies.
Key to this process is an integrated multiphasic strategy which includes evidence and witness
testimony collection, preliminary briefings to world leaders and leaders of society, a world-
encompassing disclosure event, and the management of the post-disclosure era so that maximum
benefit to humanity would occur. Ultimately, this will enable the world to develop the capacity
to enter into intentional communication with extraterrestrial civilizations and the advent of the
early stages of inter-planetary relations in the next century.
Since actual deceased ET bodies and retrieved ET spacecraft are not available to the Project

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 328, "chars": 2226, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Starlight briefing team, special emphasis is being placed on the identification of credible first
hand witnesses to covert programs dealing with this subject. We have identified a significant
number of such witnesses and are obtaining their testimony. Their testimony before Congress,
the UN or other suitable body is currently being actively sought.
As of June of 1996, SETI Project Starlight has successfully completed the initial evidence and
witness testimony gathering phase, and has briefed a number of world leaders, including
important US government leaders in the Clinton Administration, members of Congress, senior
military and CIA officials, senior UN figures, and leaders in Europe and Japan, among others.
There is widespread agreement among these figures that the time has come for the truth to come
out regarding the UFO/ETI subject, although none of these officials, no matter how senior, have
had direct involvement with the covert programs dealing with matter. This is because the
management of this subject has been so-called "black' in nature and operates as an
unacknowledged special access project, the existence of which is not disclosed to any one outside
the project, no matter how senior the person is in the chain of command.
Assistance to CSETI Project Starlight is invited from the public in the following areas:
>Obtaining new and important credible evidence
Identifying important new witnesses from the government, military, intelligence or
corporate sector who have first hand knowledge of projects (current or past) dealing with the
UFO/ETI subject. An effective strategy protecting such witnesses is in place.
>Networking with various sectors of society to gain support for such a disclosure and for
arranging preliminary briefings to various leaders.
> Identification of funding sources, since at this point the main impediment to completing
the project's goals is a lack of significant funding. ( CSETI is a 501-c3 nonprofit scientific and
educational organization, and donations are tax-deductible to the extent allowed by law.)
CSETI Project Starlight welcomes your input, involvement and assistance. For further
information contact:
CSETI Project Starlight
Steven M. Greer M.D. Director
