{"created_utc": "2026-08-15T20:46:50Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7594603, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117054-project-starlight-book-chapter-10-pgs-515-567.pdf", "source_sha256": "ab40c528b0309cb934384d4aff7d36b4859b10782177c50747a3b2402f7ca927"}

515

TAPE 11, SIDE A: OVERVIEW OF PROJECT STARLIGHT

We have mentioned on several occasions a-pct-called'Project Starlight.'

And it occurred to us that we should have a session where we really

addressed that in one place; so we will do that now.


                             CHAPTER TEN

                         PROJECT STARLIGHT


In the summer of 1993 it occurred to several people working with CSETI

leadership that prior to a significant, open, high-level encounter between

civilian research teams and extra-terrestrial life forms, that it would be

useful and compassionate to launch a substantial international educational

program to inform the world of the fact that we were not alone, this had

been known for 40 to 50 years, and that we were working towards a

definitive event opening up formal contact with these extra-terrestrial life

forms. The sense was that unless this was done in a thought-out way                 / '

very well strategized, comprehensive manner that it would occur under one
         i1

of several and equally unfortunate scenarios:          First,       that       an

                                                       undeniable         extra-

                                                       terrestrial        event

                                                       would        eventually

                                                       o   c    c     u    r
                                                                516

                                              notwithstanding the

                                              secrecy surrounding

                                              the   issue,     which

                                              would    be    known

                                              def in i t ivel      y

                                              throughout        the

                                              world;   but     which

                                              would be received

                                              within the vacuum of

                                              the current status-

                                              quo of denial and

                                              disinformation    and

                                              misconception. And

                                              that this could play

                                              very badly in terms

                                              of world stability and

                                              the reaction in the

                                              public domain.

Or that, secondly, a CSETI research team would be more successful

than had been anticipated resulting in basically a disclosure that

would also be undeniable; but which, again, would be entered into

this vacuum of public denial or public misunderstanding on the
                                                                          517

       subject.

        et -      ' 'worse scenario was that the covert entity th

       responsible for maintaining the secrecy on this subject would,

       themselves, launch a disclosure process that would be deliberately
                            i


       geared towards creating an extra-terrestrial threat, however false,

       that could be convincing; and which would then lead the world into

       a new era of rather than international tensionTnter-planetary

       tensions.


And so, it was felt that the only responsible thing to do prior to these events

occurring, was to launch a serious attempt to gather together the best

evidence on this subject and to begin to brief, first, world leadership and

then, secondly, the public at large concerning the detection and confirmed

communications with extra-terrestrial civilizations. Initially, it was thought

there could be some degree of cooperation from the legal executive branch

officers, cabinet-level people, White House, on this subject; since it was

hoped that some, if not many, of these would have been 'read into' the

project that the covert group had been working on and would be informed

about it and would be willing to cooperate with releasing some of the

information to the public.


The initial meeting on this took place in the foothills of Virginia in July of
                                                                           518

1993. Acrd         eve people met to discuss how we might               uch a

strategy.   id,as we worked through this entire question, it became clear

that most of the other nations in the world were looking (if they knew

anyt ing about the subject at all) to the United States for leadership. And-
     ng~
th tvGithin the United States' governmental structure batthe Congressional

branch knew virtually nothing of it and had no access to the

compartmentalized, black, very top-secret and covert operations which have

been handling this matter.      And- tI I',tt e Judicial branch, similarly, had

virtually no jurisdiction over the subject.


This left us, then, with the Executive branch of the United States

government, which, of course, not only has the office of the President, bit —--

the military is under the command of the President as well as the

intelligence offices and departments, including the Central Intelligence

Agency, the National Security Agency, Defense Intelligence Agency, the

National Reconnaissance Office, etc. and soon. For that reason, we began

a process of developing liaison to various aspects of the Executive branch

of the United States government with a-mir I-4o creating- a cooperative

atmosphere, where a civilian coalition in conjunction with various aspects

of the United States government would facilitate a disclosure and a

confirmed announcement on the detection of extra-terrestrial life forms.
                                                                          519

The strategy which evolved conceived of, first, collecting the best evidence

possible on this subject, with or without a covert group cooperation. And

then using this evidence to create a briefing document which we ldhe used

to inform heads of state, chief members of the military who were not

informed on the subject, the United Nations, foreign powers,~select foreign

governments and heads of state, leaders in religion such as the Pope, Dalai

Lama, Billy Graham, and other religious leaders, leaders in the scientific

and technological community, business leaders, cultural leaders and opinion

makers and members of the media and certain select media pundits, as

they are called. This would then e followed by, rather rapidly, a public

announcement which initially conceived of as being an international process

with the cooperation of certain governments and governmental agencies.


As soon as we identified this as a goal, a number of things began to

happen. One of the members of our strategy team, at my request, used his

military position to request that a meeting be set up between members of

our strategy team and the foreign aero-space and science technology

center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio, where the initial remains

of the crashed extra-terrestrial craft from Rosalyn, New Mexico, as well as

the deceased extra-terrestrial life forms had been sent back in the 1947 era.

[See page 79] VVhile we did not believe that these items were still at this

facility, we knew that historically that in any disclosure process that people
                                                                         520

would turn to that facility and to those officers and would require some

answers.


Now, getting into this area, which, of course, deals with some very sensitive

material, notably the reverse engineering [Page 62, 154, 208, 233, 397] of.

and analysis of a foreign technology which could be a threat to the national

security of the United States, in particular former Soviet Union technology

as well as other technology, we knew that this would be something that

would require a certain amount of effort and persuasion to enable this

meetinn to c t forward. Our military liaison, [Page 203] who I would rather

not name on this tape4inek through his association in the military the

Director of Intelligence for the Joint Chiefs of Staff (what is known as J-2)
                                             LJ
who at that time was Adm. Michael Cramer w~was responsible for

briefing the President and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs and the other

members of the Joint Chiefs on matters involving military intelligence.


An interesting anecdote to this is that our military liaison went to meet,with
                                                                a IL)
Adm. Cramer and after some polite exchange of conversation stated that

he was working with a group that would like to meet with some of the folks

out at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base with the FASAST Division (Foreign

Air and Space and Science Technology Division). [on Pg 79: "FASIC

(Foreign Air, Space and Technology Center) which was previously the
                                                                      521

FTD (Foreign Technology Division)"]         d Adm. Cramer reared back in -
his chair and said, _

       "Are these people serious?"

And our military liaison said,


And then said

       "Are they credible?"

He said

       "Oh, yes; very."

He says,

       "Fine. I'll do it."


  `Adm. Cramer picked up the phone and subsequently, working through

channels, requested that we have this meeting. Now, this was initially --

resisted, as might be imagined. But he ended up talking to the head of Air

Force Intelligence, a general, and said,

       "You will have this base and this division meet with these people." "


And so they did.


In September of 1993 we theWhad th         meeting at Wright-Patterson Air

Force Base, the purpose of which was not to obtain any information from
                                                                           522

them; but, rather,                                                         day

b.efc to provide a 'heads up' for them and indicate to them that we were
    r


planning a massive and high-level public disclosure on this subject, and that

 ey should be aware, because it would flow back to their doorstep since

they had an historical connection to the subject. It was a very interesting

meetin '         t       ,the beginning of a series of liaisons to folks in the
        n


military an6 intelligence and the Executive Branch and in other world

powers to attempt to put together a coalition and a consensus that this was

the time for this to move forward.


Now, around this same time period, I was invited to Laurance Rockefeller's

ranch, the JY ranch in the Grand Tetons, for a meeting with a number of -

people to discuss this issue in general. It was not necessarily related to

Project Starlight. And what we found very quickly wai'hat there were

some people #er      o     were interested in this and were willing to help. We

felt that it was critically important that the left hand know what the right

hand was doing on this subject, at least from a civilian coalition point of

view. Arid-      "/ e moved to include the nurn-bef--6the people who were
            rI
there into this coalition. In addition to Laurance Rockefeller being there,

there were a number of other people with international diplomatic ties,

including Mrs. Evan (Marie) Galbraith, who is the wife of former

Ambassador to France Evan                                         of significant
                                                                                523

 connections in world government and the United Nations and elsewhere

 and who then also offered to help with this project.


 In the following couple of mqnths, this network widened and the strategy

 became more clarified.              n October of 1993, after giving a lecture at the

 International Association for New Science in Fort Collins, a gentleman

(1itroduced himself to me by the name of John Petersorj This individual

 (who had been on the National Security Council staff under Reagan, and

 who had-beeWone of two people being considered for secretary of the Navy

 under Clinton) offered his help, because I mentioned in my speech that we

 were planning to put together such a coalition. -An     e indicated that he
                                                             i
 knew a few folks, as he put it, who might be helpful. And I asked who that

 might be. And he said,

           "Well, I'm friends with the Director of Central Intelligence Jame

           Woolsey."

 I said,    ell, that's a nice sta    And a number of other people in the milit

 and in the intelligence field and in the political arena.       V  ~1b       o work --

 also with him and his folks on widening this effort.


 Should - be doing this?

 (Female voice,, V        can.always take it out.)

 We can always take it out? I'           going to do it.
                                                                       524

Subsequently, through a number of discussions, it was planned that we

should have a meeting with the Director of Central Intelligence. This took

place on December 13 in 1993 in a townhouse in the Washington area.

[Pg 203] There were six people at this meeting: myself and my wife, Emily,

John Peterson/nd his wif        DCI (Director of Central Intelligence Jim

Woolsey (    d his wif)L(who is chief operating officer of the National

Academy of Sciences).


This is when a lot of the strategy and the thinking on this project took a

significant turn. -Bed    oc uple of days prior to the meeting, I received

a FedEx from John Peterson indicating that the Director of Central

Intelligence could not find out anything on this subject and knew nothing of

it. I was astonished on one level. On another level I suspected or feared

in a worse-case scenario that something like this could be true. People

need to understand; we are talking about a Cabinet level person who has

relevant Constitutional authority over the entire intelligence-gathering

system of the United States, who is completely out of the loop 1 year,

almost a year, into his term of office.


And so, it came and dawned on me that I would have to be the first person
                                                 A           A
to brief the Director of Central Intelligence and through him~the President

of the United States on a subject of this magnitude. Andthis was anxiety
                                                                            525

 provoking in some respects; humbling in others; but above all, disturbing.

 Why should a country doctor from North Carolina be the first person to brief

 the Director of Central Intelligence on something of this significance?

 Particularly, since we knew of current operations going on under covert

 programs dealing with the extra-terrestrial question. Luckily, this was not

 a hard-sell in so far as the Director of Central Intelligence and his wife in

'The late 1960's in New Hampshire\h        had a sighting of a UFO. And so,

 it seems the Universe conspired to have the right person in the right place

 as far as that position was concerned. The meeting was interesting and
                                                            a,
 lasted nearly 3' hours, which is remarkable considering th evel at which

 this person operates and i Qesponsibility.


 A briefing of summary points regarding Project Starlight were given to the

 Director of Central Intelligence on that dat                 designed forth

   inton Administrati9j? _ It was a strictly confidential document which

 outlined our intentions to pull together the best evidence and witnesses and

 to launch a disclosure process that would involve a number of the world's

 government!         he best evidence vailable in the civilian domain and to

 the extent that we couldJrom covert sources. Bead t#We felt that the

 President of the United States needed to do, at the minimum, have a role

 that would not obstruct this process and optimally. 'ould)facilitate it.
                                                                               526

 I will not go through this document. But, at this point, it would be

    appropriate that this document be inserted into this part of the book.

    This is the document, hand-glvef to the Director of Central Intelligence. It

    had effects far beyond our wildest imaginatio         '    •   out. .t LaW/rthe

    Director of Central Intelligenc)was'in some respects quite stunned by this --

    information, repeatedly said,

           "Oh, my God. Wow. What are we going to do."

    Because I brought with me a number of clear, daylight photographs of these

    spacecraft, numerous clips of clear video-tape footage, a number of

    government documents which were smoking guns on the subject, and a list

    of potential witnesses that could be brought forward in a press conference

    or disclosure conferenc           e understood the significance of this.


    Mr. Woolsey is a very bright man.        An1JLwaf ~ a rapid succession of

    questions, and which I answered. He did not take long to learn before we

    would move on to another subject.            e were able to fully brief him on

    the subject of extra-terrestrial intelligence, the CSETI Projectand'our CE-5

    Initiative and its successes up to this date, and our intention to facilitate an

    eventual daylight landing monitored by live television that would be beamed

    into every country in the world via CNN.


C
~-I-think at this           was-som haLbewildere1at vary clear/ *                1'e
                                                                           527

offered to look into the subject and ask that we provide him with leads as

to where he should be looking for documents and evidence. To the best

of our knowledge, he was never 'read into' this project. However, he did tell

us thy, that the Executive Branch of the United States government and the

CIA would not resist our disclosure effort. Nor would they resist witnesses

coming forward, even though they would be violating National Security

oaths by doing so. Additionally, he was able to look into some documents

and substantiate for us that theon s-we knew existed were not where they

should be, and had been taken into a special access program and were not

available, apparently, even to the Director of the CIA.


It was also interesting that his wife, who is the chief operating officer of the

National Academy of Sciences, was optimistic about the scientific

community receiving this information, so long as it could be well presented

and scientifically verified,, and suggested that a scientific panel be put

together to review it and _ti~iput their stamp of approval on it. I thought this

was a remarkable comment, coming from someone of that position.


The Project Starlight effort at this point continued to spread in terms of the

network that was being built.       In the following weeks_ in early 1994,

approximately a year ago, we were able to meet with the Secretary General

of the United Nations's wife, Mrs. Boutros Boutros-Ghali, a number of other
                                                                        528

senior members of the United Nations community, senior members of the

media, as well as important figures in the military arena and heads of state

in Europe. We were also able to meet with a delegation from the Japanese

government, who were working with a cabinet level officer     r. Ito)with the

M inistry of cience andechnology, a very important and powerful ministry

in the Japanese government; and to brief.them on our intentions, and to ask

for their cooperation when the time came for a disclosure. It was also at

this meeting that we learned that the Japanese were planning to build a 60-

million dollar, government-funded museum to educate their people about

the UFO question. This was an interesting development, because we felt
   y
thaf if that went forward it could, if done properly, amount to a mini-

disclosure in and of itself.


The discussion with these Japanese officials was interesting. Because

when I asked them if they would take some of their evidence (which we

knew they had in the way of documents, photos, and other things) public

unilaterally, they were shocked and almost blanched and said,~ah, no, the

United States must do this first, the United States must, the United States

must. . . Because they are acutely aware that the United States provides

the defense, a nuclear umbrella for their protection, and they do not want

to anger the United States in something this sensitive.
                                                                        529

And ,s or_earch-govmment that we vi     t l,~we fotr~-et~t-fFrdffPley iere~ll

looking to thénttETStates='t                     firs
                                                   t`           is reaffirmed

what we had suspected onl~ onths earlier when we speculated that this

would be the response when other governments were approached. Initially,

it was hoped that by mid-.-994 -to late-1994 a disclosure could have been

orchestrated. But, inTci ar as the entire Executive Brand, legal Executive

Branch of the United States government was found to be out of the loop on

this question, it made things much more complicated.


I referred earlier to a meeting in July of 1994 in New York City with the

reigning PrincJf Liechtenstein and head of state jHans Adam which

disclosed to us that during the 1989 period that President Bush, Gorbachev,

Perez de Cuellar and others were planning a disclosure on the subject.
                          tL 2-~
However, it apparently had bedterminated through an event which may

have been an active disinformation campaign, wF         he Secretary General

of the United Nations was taken on board an ET craft and told not to go

forward. We do not believe that it was actually an ET craft,         as    a

psycho-electronic ruse that was extreme)Y convincing.
                                                   9        ~p arentlY.~this

blew up in the Bush White Housed so that disclosure process was

terminated.                        ~Y


But another piece of information that came to us through this meeting was
                                                                           530

 that this head of state, as well as other people in high places in government

 and religious circles, had been provided disinformation, deliberate false

 information, to convince them that the extra-terrestrial presence was a

 hostile threat to our planet and that if this subject is disclosed at all, it

 should be disciosured in such a way thas made clear to the people of the

 world that there is a hostile extra-terrestrial threat which the world should

 unite against and fight. At this point, from a personal point of view, I nearly

 pulled the plug on the entire operation. .Because aside from the mounting

 act of interference with our operation which was going on from the covert

 croup, it became clear that we had a massive task ahead of us. Becaus .—"

                  t any of these world leaders knew about the subject, they

,.Jew disinformation only. And,b4fôr the most part they had no control

 over it and were utterly and completely out of the loop.


 Never thciless, we continued to work on this project and by the fall of 1994

 had been able to expan5l       e network of researchers, scientists, NASA

 contacts, military contacth, UN contacts substantially. In December of 1994
                            n
 I was invited to give a talk at the United Nations, were once again I was

 able to meet for a period of time with Mrs. Boutros Boutros-Ghali and a very

 close friend of the Boutros-Ghali family, Mr. Eisama     Aflt1We discussed
                                ,cL2~
 this and the progress of jçcfd it was quite clear that the support was high

 for this type of process going forward.       AnIhey were eager, almost
                                                                       531

desperate, for this information to be disclosed to the world in a credible

way; but they, too, were out of the loop and were being provided no

information on this subject.     Interestingly, the afternoon before the

presentation, about 150 notices had been put in various UN offices about

this presentation, which was entitled, "The Foundations for Inter-Planetary

Unity." By that afternoon everyone of them had been removed by some

operation within the UN.


-As things haM??totted, we have learned that the National Security

apparatus, the Executive Branch of the government, the legal chain of

command both in the military and in the Presidential level has essentially

been closed out of this issue since at least the Kennedy era.

mentioned earlier, we have an interview from the chief steward on Air Force

            conversation with John F. Kennedy as well as a CIA document

which substantiates the fact that John F. Kennedy knew of the subject but

had no control over it~and that it was totally out of his hands. So by now,

we have come clearly to the realization that there was a breakdown in the

Constitutional chain of command in the management of this issue. And that

the only relevant role, apparently, for the United States government was to

do a couple of relatively minor actions; but at the same time, significant

ones.
         tom¢ L


7Z~~,,
                                                                         532

 Since the President apparently had not been briefed on this, we decided

 through a member of our strategy team who is friends with the President's

inner circle to provide a detailed briefing to the President and to request

amnesty for witnesses who would like to come forward but have signed

Natio al Secures oaths. T                       ~        re


                                we

_determined that it was critically important that these courageous people
 I
 whom we have identified, which include some house-hold name
                                                               NJ
  merica, heroes of our country, a ronauts who are well-I~novtid+who had

direct involvement with this issuesshould at least receive legal protection

by an executive order from the President releasing them from their National

 Security oath obligations.    This has been requested and is pending.

Luckily, there are some of these witnesseqwilling to go forward with or
                                          l
without a release from the President, essentially violating their National

Security oaths. This information has been conveyed to the President as

well as to the CIA director.


 tG-
~he whole Project Starlight effort, therefore, has become quite clear will

need to be primarily a civilian effort pulling together the best resources and

evidence possible and then making a public disclosure at a high level media

and to the world with apparently minimal official involvement, unless the
                                                                              533

status quo changes rather quickly. Now, this is as of April 9, 1995; and this

is a project +n matioj fiery rapidly in motion as we speak.


A summit is planned within the next     few
                                              weeks to pull together a number

of these high-level witnesses, so that they can form a pact or coalition to

move together in unison to disclose the information which they know and

which will be corroborated by the photographs, landing trace cases, video

tapes, movie film footage, government documents ltd other pieces of

evidence which we have collected. Naturally the wild
                                               n   y,                all of this

the covert control group on this issue

prev1oJy:


The Project Starlight effort, we feel, is a 12-hour attempt to bring the world

up to what it should have known 50 years ago had the intervening clouds

of the cold war and secrecy not prevented it. We cannot change history.

What we can do is create our own reality from this point on. And what

Project Starlight is envisioning is a compassionate disclosure and a truthful

one that will state the following:


       That this planet is being visited by extra-terrestrial civilization   khat

       there is no evidence that they are hostile or are a threat to national

       or world securitj             that the world community should come
                                                                               534

       together somewhat urgently to regain control of the subject and to

       debate, dialogue, and plan how they may build a bridge between our

       civilization and these other civilizations so that there will be a

       sustainable and peaceful relationship into the future.


This is really not asking too much.         Some people have felt that this is an

extraordinary vision. And in some respects it is. But in actuality all we are

asking is that the world know what it should have kno\A n 1950 or 1947.

Arid tI is is something wgicti    critically important tha     be done and which

we feel is an achievable goal. The complexities of it, however, not only in

terms of building a civilian coalition to pull this off to achieve this goal, but

also in terms of compensating         for    or planning for what could be a

preemptive move by           j overt control group to either disclose this

information in a xenophobic and damaging way just before our disclosure

can be commenced or after the fact to provide evidence to the world, no

matter how contrived and false, which would attempt to convince national

security and world security policy makers that there is an extra-terrestrial

threattwhich we must all unite       ain     and figh;pnd Th t these factors are

factors which, to the extent possible, must be accounted for and planned

for. It is one of the reasons why we are       sites
                                                       here, to be honest with you.

It is because the fear of        preemptive move -like th       would necessitate

the information that's going into this to be crashed and dumped into the
                                                                                   535

          public domain rapidly, as      as 30 days.


          Project Starlight plays a supporting role and continuing education effort to

          simply provide an accurate but hopeful message. We are acutely aware

          that if this subject is disclosed in any other way t4it- 'I' a scientific and

          eminently hopeful manner, that it could be extraordinarily de-stabilizing to

          the world, not only geo-politiclg; but economically, paradigmatically, to

          religious groups and others. And    so,   in order for this to be done with a

          minimum negative impact, we feel that it has to be done with a tremendous

          amount of care and wisdom.


          One of our concerns is that this could occur by simply dumping data. And

as
          has been mentioned prior, information is not knowledge, and knowledge is
     /'
          not wisdom. And this issue, which is one of the most profound questions

          of our time, cannot simply be dumped into this vacuum as pieces of data

          or information. A framework of understanding of what it means, what action

          should be taken, what(fhe implicationsZare, short-term and long-term, must

          be elucidated at the same time that this information is disclosed. For this

          reason Project Starlight is committed to not only providing the information

          but also to providing the framework of understanding of this subject, so that

          the people of the world could have some way of adapting to this new

          information, planning appropriately, and not sinking into a primitive reaction 7r
                                                                          536

 sort of, mode.


 Part of this effort has involved rnaki►~some initial liaisons with major media

 figures and media outlets so that in the event or a rapid disclosu4'or an

 uncontrolled disclosure, that we would have access to major world media

 and could provide an alternate view. As it has turned out, because we

 have learned that not only the President of the United States, but also

 members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the CIA Director, the Secretary of

 Defense, the Secretary General of the United Nations, and other world

 leaders are completely out of the loop on this and are therefore subject to

 disinformation and manipulation from the covert control group, that we have

 had to take on the additional burden of seeing that adequate briefing

 materials are made available to these very important policy-making national

 and world security bodies. This initially/was not totally anticip   I because

 we did not- at the time it was almost inconceivable that all of these bodies

 at all of these levels could be completely shut out of the loop on this'#ie -    '

/ they are.


 I think that's an adequate overview fo his. Are-the questions about it?

 [ apes pped/started.]


        Withi     e government?
                                                                           537

 A:    -We.Jail      ' abo --this ird he

 governmental, quasi-civilian international group that technically is net, it

 neither government nor civilian.      It's a hybrid.   That's the best way to

 describe it. And as a hybrid entity it is neither responsible to the private

 sector nor the public sector, and apparently is responsible only to itself.

 Q:     Is this new building that the CIA's             'that rCo one seems to

 know about somehow important?

 A:     That's the National Reconnaissance Office, NRO.

 Q:     Okay. That has nothing to do with the covert group?

 A:     Well, sure. I mean, we have to understand that the covert group

 have cells within various agencies; but they do not speak to their chain-of-

 command people, and therefore to the Constitutional government. It is very

 complex. I mean, we have strained every neuron to learn of this. And what

 we have come up with is something many times more astounding than the

 fact that extra-terrestrial life forms are landing on terra firma.

 Q:     Is it a power thing? Why the control?

 A:     Power,-mn 1 T , control; the       l crazirr~s . A     fsis potentially

 the most powerful and important subject in the history of the human race.

}u1d~vhen you add to that the fact that these covert operations have in their

 possession items of extra-terrestrial manufacture, which are extraordinarily

 advanced technologically and which could tilt the balance of power on this

 plan' ~ut als financial could have tremendous)impact and ado benefits
                                                                           538

to those who would control patents on the technology:-Big        {. Okay. So -

there is vast sums of money at stake and future patents and future

technology control at stake. And that's where the largest part of control on

this subject i -I ow.


The other part of the control factor is, quite frankly, religious. One of the

members of this PI-40 group who is known to me stated point-blank that we

should not be looking in the government as we know           i

,mod this was before4__had-beenabte to confirm this. But we should be

looking at high-tech corporations such as his own, and this individual is

someone who owns a sttp4-computing`outlet wec46vernment agencies

and private corporations run all their data tljg        these massive super

computers which he owns and controls. Hint. Hint. Subtle.--         btle~AnØ '
             u    ~
but he said took also to certain religious orders and certain religious

organizations; because they have a great deal of input on how this thing is

being discussed, and how it's being strategized, and how it might be disclosed.


Q:     I remember reading a book called Behold a Pale Horse. I don't know

if you've ever read that book, but

A:     Haven't. But I've heard of it.

Q:     Yeah. It's an extraordinary book. I don't know how

A:     Is it novel or fact?
                                                                              539

Q:     It's supposed to be a factual book. Uoget             oAhe author is/an

insider who's supposed to be spilling the beans on everything that's

happened from ,4 ) arrfi'it touches on all of these things that were

mentioned here: ;f ligion, power, old family ties going back to Hungarian

Medieval times, this long lineage leading up to Bush and other executives

in, or outside the think-tank people like the Kissingers and Rockefellers and

Gettys.

A:     [Laughter.] Well now the Rockefellers and the Gettys; so, I mean,

don't believ everyt        you read. But

Q:     But some of this could be disinformation; it's very difficult weaving

though the maze that is out there. You can go to any bookstore and find

a whole section on this stuff now, and it's very difficult to sift out what's real.

A:     Well, I have relied        only things that I've been able to confirm

through personal conversations and wh -hauy
                                   at m                 uv .fin. Sb:


Anyway , tfiat,in a nutshell is what Project Starlight is about. There are

about 250 pages of transcripts of notes from conversations, meetings,

strategy sessions that we have had that have been dictated into a micro-

cassette recorder and then typcd euhSo, that is4,cSbviously what I have

just shared is a very small, cond n ed o erview. But one that I wanted,

sort of, in this kind-~'forn~4 o the record.
                                                                                     540

 Q:        Steven,       there   ith —as1he covert group [Tape          s starts.]

 A:          exact structure of the covert control group is not known, except

 that it apparently numbers around 300; a third of who are in favor of doing

 what we are asking in terms of disclosure.                  The other two-thirds are

 indecisive or dead-set against it. It is thought that there certainly is some

—soct-Pstructure and compartmentalization to it. Exactly how it functions,

 however, is not knoW,to me or to anyone to whom I have spoken who's at                    —

 least been willing to talk on the record.               We do know it's inordinately

 powerful and that people who have had to d                   ctions on its behalf who

,have been in various intelligence and military capabilities or private,
                                                                 A
 corporate sub-contract agents                      ET technology have genuine terror

 when you bring the question up and          you'      ask them to come forward with

 their information. These people are not kidding. And the last conversation
                     n


 I had4v      -this, the man said,

        "I cannot afford to incur the wrath of this group."

 And he informed us that we were dealing with the big boys.


 [Tape stopslstarts.]. . .because anytime between tomorrow and a year or

 two from now. We would like to conclude this process before the end of

 the Clinton Administration's term and preferably before the 1996 presidential

 elections get into full swing; which would mean, of course, by the end of

 this fall. Soon.
                                                                          541
  d~
WeUAhe Project Starlight Initiative is oriented toward putting together the

best evidence and, importantly, providing a forum #e? these high-level

witnesses,t épeak. Ac 4a(gain, the whole is greater than the sum of its

parts. I've probably said that 10 times in the last3'days.             uch an

important concept br    at a given case1eFgvthIphoto         piece
               ;1
of video footage or a government document is not going to convince —

anyone. But.aU 9 if put~togethef and         the icing on the cake is to have —

Gordon Cooper~a       "a    =star general        another astronau!'an&an —

intelligence officeand a member of /FK's sta

peop1    ome together and togethe.,not one at a time scattered on back ---

channels or cowboy TV but togethe,? a high-level              anisay,,this is

the truth. Here is what we have seen.'r


Now, whether or not that convinces everyone is irrelevant.            It would

certainly establish that this is an area of consideration to be taken extremely
                                                    „                         r

seriously. And that is what we will             'snwhat we are doing. And,,.Jit

has to be kept in mind that this has never happened before. here-hb - -

,r(ever in the history of this subject1been a kocess where a civilian group -

have met with thkid.d      rrpeople ands             he cooperation free

sorts-of-peop'that we have g         n cooperation- from: This is historic. I --

don't want to overstate this, but it is extraordinarily historic and

unprecedented And as-suel lt is promising. The fact that it has gone this
                                                                         542

far without having been stopped and that there are so many people in very

senior places supporting this disclosure effort, people, well-known scientists

at NASA, well-known astronomers, Laurance Rockefeller, the head of the

United Nations, the people at the White House, the Director of Central

Intelligence. These are not, you know, members of the tabloid press or the

UFO sub-culture. These are substantial members of the world community,

as well as a number of scientists with whom we're working who are saying,

yes, this should go forward.


It is interesting that Laurance Rockefeller met with, I bel+eve-tt-w   five of

the past Secretaries of Defense and asked them individually if they felt that

the time had come for this to be disclosed. All but one of them said not

only yes, but hell, yes. And that '                  of Dick Cheney, he said

that it should have been disclosed at the end of the cold war during the

Bush Administration, but it d'not. We have since learned why it~t;               —

it got stopped cold in its tracks.


It is interesting that the only persof -bf these five Secretaries of Defense

who said no was Robert MacNamara. He said n

His connection to the Kennedy Administration, the fact that the CIA

document which we have       h h was a wire-tap of Marilyn Monroe prior to

her death whey@' she was planning to disclose the fact that John F.
                                                                                  I
 Kennedy during one of their trysts had told her about this subje

 fact that the President of the United States John F. Kennedy also stated to

 a witness who is still living and is cooperating with us that the subject was

 out of his control and out of his hands and he did not know why. And yef~=/

 we also know that;Ni       ember of 1963'when he was killed that he was ---
                                                                                  wb


 planning to issue an executive order essentially dissolving most of these

 covert operations. One wonders why Robert MacNamara would be so

 shaken and would say hell, no.      One can draw their own conclusions on

 this.


 A:      The question is what are the scenarios of the aftermath of disclosure.

 And our strategy, of course, has gone very dee into that. We have spent -

 thousands of hours gaming this, quite-      ikly, and contemplating how this

 would be. And we have a number of scenarios for this; multiple scenarios

 sin7ply because there are so many variables that cannot be anticipated.

               e cnsPriuence, of this disLtosur~, actuallyar       the subject

meta—nextChapter and itca-very good trahsitfo r of '          ~ et me say that

 the immediate consequence is wholly dependent on the wisdom prevailing

 in how it is disclosed. Because it can be disclosed either in a way that is

 hopeful and scientifically neutral and to that extent a positive event for

 humanity, or it can be done with great foreboding in a manner which is

 inducive to panic or xenophobia, and this of course could have catastrophic
                                                                           544

effects. So, as always, it's not so much what you say, it's how you say it.


0:     Related question [Tape stops/starts.]

A:     It is out intent and has been our intent, notwithstanding this book,

which may get heavily edited depending on whether or not they cooperate;

this is in part a club and a carrot. All right? So is this 250-page transcript,

which Larry King has and a bunch of other people have. And the idea here

is is that if this is allowed to go forward without the disinformation and

without the interference and with a modicum of support, then there is no

point in bringing to the forefront this pre-existing Constitutional crisis.

Elements of it may come forward, just like the scandals involving the

Department of Energy plutonium poisoning of populations and children; but

the full impact of it need not come to the fore. And I would be happy to be

muzzled on the question; and I would voluntarily muzzle myself if the

subject can be disclosed in a way that can be effective, will be a positive

event for humanity and'

[End Tape 11, Side A.]
                                                                                   545

 TAPE 11, SIDE B:

 A:         No.

  Q:        No? Why not?

  Q:        'Cuz they~on't want it to        disclosed.

 A:         Yeah. 11 some respects tt saves them, to stay ir1isible and deal with

  their reverse-engineering stuff.

  Q:        If they can continue to do wh9t they're doing.

            Well, yeah; exactly_
\".     "
 A:         -It-may be   that; the question is, is it not likely that the covert control
  group will react in some way. And the answer is t#et yes and no. They

 may.        On the other hand, they may choose to remain as invisible as

  possible and happily go about their business doing reverse-engineering.

 Now, in the initial document that went to the Director of Central Intelligence

 and the President of the United States it was our recommendation that

  current operations)and current research) and development back-engineering

  projects not be disclosed in this process; that it would get too close to some

 ace4ticky wickets and very deep waters. And that we should be content

 with, at this point, and simply historically disclosing the fact that this subject

 is real. Now, under that scenario, it could be that this covert control group

 could be cooperative or at least stay out of the picture. On the other hand,

 if they are obstructionist or, worse, actively attempting to terminate the

 project, then there is no incentive for us and for me personally to withhold
                                                                            546

 the kind of information I have been sharinc},


 Q:     But as a kind of shadow, quasi-world government they can continue

 to function as they are.

 A:     Sure. And they will.

 Q:     This is only a piece of what they are interested in.

 A:     Possibly. They are probably a specialized section.             -this is a

 very large piece, because it is such a pivotal point, not only in terms of

 technology        nance~acrd paradig      at1~"religion~and geo-politics, but in

 terms of military and industrial power.

        But adtsc10 ure doesrt't-necessarityhc i

 A:    Nat at~W' The disclosure does no dislodge this c ert control groupC~

-Recessarfl ' What it does, however, is bring the subject to the forefront of —

 the consciousness of the human race~an             the legal and democratic

 institutions)-and"government and governance on the planet. VutaergraQ~
                                                                     r then

 the people eHhe            'and the legitimate governments of the planet can —

 come together and make their own strategies and their a' 'projects related

 to this subject; rather than completely making like an ostrich with the head

 in the sand~ai 'abdicating the responsibility and, therefore, relegating it to

 these covert operations.         e feel very strongly that under any scenario
                                                                 n
 the best course of action is a       well thought out, scientific)and hopeful

 disclosure of this information to the people of this planet.             [Tape
                                                                          547

stops/starts.]


   it be done soenec-thaniaier.—Beeaase with each passing month the

likelihood of either an undeniable extra-terrestrial event or of a preemptive

disclosure by        covert control group for purposes of manipulative

purpose~re increasing. A►dis`o it is very important that this move forward

with due speed and, hopefully, within the next 12 to 24 monthsywill have its

culmination. [Tape stops/starts.]


The consequences of this disclosure are very far reaching.            In some

respect ,.=Kowever, there is a sizeable percentage of the population which

is already aware of the fact that we are probably not alone in the Universe.

Even traditional science has increasingly been talking about the fact that in

a universe at least 20 billion years old, in a galaxy with 200 billion star

systems, that it is likely that there are other advanced civilizations, even in

our own galaxy. What they have not been willing to admit is that they're

advanced enough to have technologies enabling them to travel through

inter-stellar space.~However, according to various polls that have been

take   H
       ris
         ar   pott and Gallup         around 50 percent of the population of
            n
this country and varying percentages of other countries accept the fact that

we are not alone and that at least some of these UFO reports constitute

visitation of this planet by advanced extra-terrestrial life forms.
 jUf6r this reason thafe feel that the time has come whefe' a disclosure

 can take place without it being totally shocking to the planet, so long as it

 is done with care and with compassion and with wisdom. That, of course,

 is our goal.


\ Q:    I might'say a strange- thing, but ['Tapestopsfstar

 A:     The comment has been made, won't most people say what

 difference does it make? I believe that when the implications, both for the

 good and for the ill, of such a fact are made clear that the major institutions

 of the world, the media, and the public will care a great deal. Ar ..re have

 to understand that a large percentage of people may have a hunch that this

 is true. But it's one thing to go from that to having it confirmed from very

 senior members of the scientific, military, astronautics community. And a

 confirmation of something of this importance is a lot different than someone

 believing it may be so. There is a quantum-leap difference. And so, while

 at this point in time it may appear that it might be a big sigh of 'who cares,'

 I believe that once it is actually confirmed -thaf there will be a lot of people

 who will care and that this will be the. . .undoubtedly will be at least as big

 a story as the O. J. Simpson trial. [Laughter.]


 Q:     Don'f court ter it:

 Q:     That's just because it's   a


                                       slow news day.
                                                                  549

A:    Are there any other questions or comments about ProjectStarlrght

and the effort to mount a disclosure announcement?

[End of Tape 11, Side B]
                                                                                 550

    [Start TAPE 12, Side A]

    [Secrecy, Post-Announcement period, Implications]

    Let's comment briefly on secrets and secrecy. To have a secret is to hide

    something. It is a form of control, but more than that it denotes, implies, a

    lack of trust. Secrets are held out of fear, out,4oa lack of opennes

    distrust. Wherever secrets grow, it is a sign of dysfunction' t.-%-a-

    sickness.


    If there are secrets within a family, it means that that family is ill. It means

    tha 4 ere are processes going on that are not being handled well. Arftf tti

    is true in a corporation, i.+s true in a nation, #-is-truein the world. The
                            b-4--'
    extent to which v f a.v develope&a cult of secrecy in the modern military

    industrial and intelligence complexes is a symptom of the degree of illness

    within our society. The ext~e`secrecy attached to this issue is a sign of

    extreme illness in the thinking, Jar the consciousness, of those who have

    been dealing with this`.          when the secrecy gets to the point
                                                                     ht     at         1
/
/ be{-that not only the common person whom they widely disdain, but also

    their legal bosses, the Presi nt, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Director of
                               7[ ~~ .,   Ar
    Central Intelligence, should also-a  sacr                          his is an

    extraordinary level of illness.


    Freedom does not exist where there are secrets. I live in a relationship with
              A zic   _   4i
$    F


11

                 I


               .1'             .~.~
               1


         n)
                                                                        551

my wife where we have not secrets, absolutely none, on any subject from

each other.    There is absolute trust, unconditional love.     And in that

atmosphere there can be no secrets, no matter how intimate, how personal,

how painful; everything is shared. An     his is healthy. For that reason it

has been very difficult for me personally, because it is so againstmy nature

to have to deal with secrets and to some extent to havL~to be a temporary

custodian of these secrets. I say temporary, because I certainly, unless I

have an early death, do not intend to take them to my grave.


But to see(how these secrets have been functioning                   kind of
                               A
constant deception        lying and mistrust that operates within various

institutions           the government and            itaryrand-tom industrial

complex)          intelligence community Ras
                                          been a lesson in the degree

to which there needs to be healing on our planet and within our institutions.
                           .
                       µms
Beca`La       'r~eee~'a complete transformation in the way that they think

about security, the way they think about trust, and openness_


Now, there are certainly situations in the world and in our personal lives

where confidences are necessary, the doctor/patient relationship for

example and in other areas. But when secrecy takes over an entire major

area of human concern, an area which has vast implications for the entire

human race now and into the next millennium, this is a sign that something
                                                                        552

is desperately wrong. And it will take the concerted efforts of a great many

people to put it right again.


It is our hope that over the next few months and years that the world can

evolve into a more trusting and open place and in particular the large

institutions of the democracies, such as the United States, the United
                                      Ice                     ~t4 7t            ,
Kingdo , and other countries, can keep th                 S necessary..


An~ventually thrperhaps there can be none. Because secrets are a
                 e
sign of sicknessno matter what unit, family, institution, or government unit,

it is found.


I have found that there are a significant number of people involved in this

subject who thrive on secrets. They enjoy secrets even where they are not

necessary. It is almost an addictive situation And-+Hs related to power

and to control,and to manipulation. This is an illness which needs therapy

in a very large way. Becae            cy is anathema to freedom and to an

open society.


Are there any questions from the previous session bef9rLwe-move on?

[Tape stops/starts.]

I m going to share the document that went with the meeting with the\CI

in he Clinton Administration. Is this sona   In       want to hear, or would
                                                                           553
it be boring; do we       nt     move on to implications?


Q:     [Unintelligible]
            /


A:     Just give you a glimmer of the,Sort of thing that this guy would have

been reading?

Q:     Yeah.


Thefnal comments I would like to make regarding Project Starlight involves

the significance of the post-announcement era.           The only thing more

important than the disclosure itself is the strategy which must be

implemented in the period immediately following such disclosure. This is

not the sort of thing that you just drop onto the world and then go back to

your normal activities.        To this end, we have anticipated a number of

 ra       "where the strategy team, key people in our briefing team, and

others who would be in a press pool or speakers bureau would be made

available to not only the world's media, but to key people in institutions and

governments, in universities and scientific associations, and others to

provide perspective t                white papers' or position papers on the

implications and to help steer the discussion on this subject in a way that

would be constructive Ito          prevent it from spinning our of control. The

initial concept for this, By the way, the budget for doing this properly is

around 6 million doll s          would require that immediately following the
                                                                         554

disclosure that there would b- satellite TV network that would-engaged

for a couple of weeks that woad-provide continuous programming on the
                                                                                /
subject. Additionally, individuals would be made available to the media sow

                not-_st~searcng'for sources of commentary who could

spin this in directions that would be dangerous. In addition to that, the

briefing team and other key consultants would begin to set up symposia

and conferences with key scientific, religious, governmental, business, and

other leaders to discuss the subject and to provide a forum for developing

the instit           hey thinking behind what the global response to this

subject should be.


Obviously, this is a massive undertaking and would require a large number

of people doing this with very carefully coordinated central process. We

have identified the personnel to do thisg and the logistic .w      have not

identified the funding. But the meanscfor doing_this have been evolveland

the strategies ave been evolved and have been very well thought-through.
              hh
BecausW during the post-announcement era when the world would begin to

digest the import of this and try to come to grips with what this might mean,

we feel that the expertise which our coalition has amassed should be

systematically be made available in a very effective way so that a huge

vacuum doesn t-g t"created that could be de-stabilizing.
                                                                         555

Now, ultimately, there are certain scenarios that are be    ; utterly beyond,

our control. For exampI!}n&irrfacrthere are rffariy-seer         s:


              The primary sources of dissonance in this process would be

              first and foremost the civilian UFO community.

       ;%     Secondly, the far right-wing, fringe religious groups both here

              and in the Middle-East who would attempt to place this entire

              subject and the disclosure process itself into a framework of

              either an aesthetheologicapframework or one that would

              attempt to either deify or demonize the extra-terrestrial

              presence.

              Additionally, it can be conceived that certain fundamentalist

              Islamic nations could view this as a Western plot to create

              some type of sinister new-world-order or to impose Western

              values on the entire world by focusing attention on an extra-

              terrestrial issue.

And there are others. We have come up with about 15 different scenarios

that are sub-plots, as it were, or sub-themes that could occur which are

quite predictable and which, in large part, are out of our control. But one

of the ways that this can be minimized is that prior to the announcement

and following the disclosure in the post-announcement era to systematically

meet with groups that would have these concerns. This would include, for
                                               J.                       556

example, members of the religious community bot~fnainstream and some

of the fringe elements.     It would mean, also, briefing certain national

leaders, including rogue statesf tates that have been behaving out of the

international norm     ch as.Libya, North Korea and Iran through liaisons to

them and through the United Nations; so that they would not feel likethey

were being blind-sided by this kind of disclosure and would be ferefore to

an extent)ncluded and empowered through it.


We feel that by briefing many of these sorts of groups and individuals in

advance and then staying in contact with them afterwards, that at least

some of this secondary damage and consequences could be minimized,

although not completely eliminated. Certainly, any responsible approach to

this would anticipate the types of concern in this time frame. Arf'd,ttiese

include economic institutions and for this reason we would want to meet

with key financial people as well as the Chairman of the Federal Reserve

and aiso-1 -nneet with major religious leaders. Because, while in the West

we usually look to science or government as authority figures, the large part

of the world looks to religious leadership, including the Pope, the Dalai

Lama, certain Islamic leaders, and people such as Billy Graham. These

people have tremendous influence over the thoughts and reactions of
                           C4~

billions of people.   Ai ri y briefing them in advance)and asking for their
cooperation and that they speak in a calm and "calming way about this
                                                                            557
matter, we feel that the process would be assisted tremendously. We are

fortunate in our strategy group that we have direct and reliable contact to

the Pope, toBilly Grahamand to other leaders. /end at the appropriate

time, once the final briefing, document has been assembled, these types of

individuals will be briefed' And__the+eafter the disclosure a continuing

dialogue will be maintained.


Any questi9 s about ost-announce                       T      stops/starts.]


What kind of assurances could we give these various leaders about what

the extra-terrestrial response may be or about future contact potential?

What we are prepared to say is they are here, that there is no evidence that

they are hostile, and that there is increasing extra-terrestrial extra-terrestri --"

activities in certain areas in the world, and that it is likely that they.-will

receive the information that this disclosure is happening in a very positive
                               /. r
way-*ttalso-in-a way that they would indicate that they want increasing

levels of communication to them. A         ,therefore, thatwe would ask that

these leaders contribute either their own attention or their senior

representatives to a council on inter-planetary relations or something--alertg----     —

these lines,~or an organizatin:of inaer-pfianetary relations, something along

the lines of a world-wide body to begin thinking through this subject, so that

we can begin to put together a world-wide, cogent, sane response to any
                                                                              558

further extra-terrestrial activity. .An that is certainly part of what we will be

suggesting and, in fact, have already suggested to some of these people,

including UN leadership and others.         And it has been enthusiastically
                                                                          a


embraced so far. Surprisingly. We have actually been surprised td the

extent to which this whole concept has been embraced and supported by

people who, you would think, would be uninterested or would laugh at it.

Not so. No one has laughed. No one. No one has laughed.


What is it with this staff?

Q:     Start the day and end the day with. . .

A:     Any questions concerning the post-announcement era? Excellent

question, though. You should be on our strategy team. You are asking all

the same things we've been doing and wing for a year and a half.

Excellente. Yes.

Q:     Has there been thought to even more grass-roots support? Let's

say, the analogy I can think of, hot-line or telephone centers where say

people can have specific information?

A:     Oh, yes.

Q:     As well as television programs?

A:     Oh, yes. Part of this would be to not only set up a page on the

internet, but also to have telephone lines and information centers. And

beyond that a crisis response team, so that one of the members of our
                                                                          559

strategy group has suggested and has helped us to think through the

formation of a crisis response team so that people who have problems

adjusting to this or if there are crisis that pop up with differenee kinds of

groups, that they could go in to he1frImediate and educate and get o          r
                                                                is
those sort of problems.


                                      a
As I mentioned, we anticipate around a 6 million dollar budget to do this.

Mind you, that's only one-tenth of what it costs to introduce one new brand

of cereal; butt-is -something, that when you look at that, it's a very large

sum of money. Beeau (ifi the history of the civilian UFO field there's

never been more than a few thousand dollars bandied about. And so, we

are talking orders of magnitude beyond anything that has ever been

planned or attempted. And it is a very bigy big question as to whether or

not that will happen. Now, one-of-the-things that people with whom I am

working have said that if we have to do this on $3.85, we will. It won't be

easy and it will strain every nerve in a few of our bodies because we are

really stretched quite thin already, but it is something we are determined to

d fri- theabsen     lfi   ding w~y~~.',n_efuse as an excuse for      rot-frying -

to move forward, but it will be much more difficult, of course; and it will be

a less satisfactory and complete plan.


Q:     As far as                            non-threatening visitation, what
                                                                           560

about all the abductee reports, you know, that you'd have to quell that

segment, I'd have to say believers, or is this , I mean are you ready to

accept that and still see that i a\ positive way, saying, well, there's a

reason, there's a purpose, we know there is, do you know what I'm asking,

do you think?

A:     Well, we've discussed that in other sessions, so I don't want to go

into that too much. But, simply to say, that the abduction question which

is bound to come up, and which has already come--up with meetings with

very senior officiafs, has to be put into perspective that the vast majority of

them are psycho-electronic events ,being mediated by covert military

sources and have nothing to do with UFOs or extra-terrestrial intelligence;

therefore, and this is an absolute fact at this point, and that disclosure will

silence most of that concern. The other part of it would simply be to say

that there have been some incidents where people have been taken on

board, but there is no evidence that those constitute hostile or harmful

actions. And that is what we are prepared to say, because we do believe

that t Otis the truth.


Now, as I mentioned, the biggest difficulty is going to be in the civilian UFO

community and all the fringe interest groupand-notions- and various

conspiracy and abduction groins 'andmutilation groa                   uasi-cult

perspectives, and it goes on and on. And this is going to be a very loud
                                                                           561
and noisy component in this period of disclosure and announcement. In

fact, already`t has,been a very difficult tight-rope, a very difficult balancing
          i.
act for us~on the one hand to work, obviously, with the UFO community that

is valid, but at the same time try to hold at bay the lunatic faction, which is

a very significant part of it. It has been difficult: And uflfortunately, there

are some who do not appreciate what we are doing and are not pleased

with our perspective on this, because we are not representing their agenda.

But that is not, pleasing a handful of people in the UFO sub-culture is not

what this is about. What it is about is something much larger than that.

And -so, our allegiance has to do with providing an actual, truthful

representation of the subject in a way that takes into account the needs of

the entire human race and beyond that the needs of the embryonic

relationship that is emerging between extra-terrestrial civilizations and

human civilizations.    n   hat is eally what our main concern is, and not

with placating or pleasing or otherwise compensating for every squeaky

wheel that rolls down the turnpike. But, of course, that doesn't win you

many friends in some circles. Too bad. Some of these shots have been

hard to call, and they have not been a pretty picture; but you just have to

do that.


Any other questionsor comhnents on the post-announcement era? We

have entire documents that go on. It's thick ab6iut that whole situation, we
                                                                              562

won't go into;


Dust want make a comment about it, because I realized at the break I had

not made any reference to the fact that thereyvould be any plan after the

announcemenYAnd it is critically important that there be a well-thought

through strategy in the post-announcement period. Okay. Yes?


Q:     Has there been any indic~tioins of the Roswell, you knovy - hootdown

and other sightings that any government on the Eat has ever been

friendly to exf~ra--{fir estrials? Do they have any         son to believe that we
                                                  I     i
won't shoot them down?

A:     No. The question do the extra-terrestrials have any reason to believe

that we will not shoot them down or be hostile towards them from the point

of view of various governments. We do know that there have been a

number of encounters involving other governments; and many of them have

been quite open bout Ind         relatively rational.       A very good example,

which was cited earlier, is the Belgian government, which during 1989 to

1992 not only cooperated with the civilian sector, but rationally tried to

investigate the question. They did pursue these craft with jet fighters, but

did not arm them or fire weapons at them. So, I think that they, the extra-

terrestrials, have a sense of who would-be -which governments are inclined

to behave in a rational way and which aren't. They also know, to be direct,
                                                                           563

which governments have technologies which more approximate a threat and

which don't. Mexico, for example, does not have the technology that the

military in the United States has and is no where near the threat to them,

not by orders of magnitude, litera)ly       So,. same thing with the difference
                                  )t    4


between, say, Russia and lower'$lovolia or wherever; I mean, you i ow,

Pakistan. There's just simply not -_So that is certainly factored ir1 They do

know, however, that there has been a pattern of assuming hostility until

proven otherwise; rather than assuming non-hostility, which is what we are

recommending. We are recommending restraint and the assumption of

non-hostility to give investigation and the relationship a chance, rather than

just assuming,jin a knee-jerk, !ort o', reactionary way.;.hostili. For this

reason, the response to the extra-terrestrial presence should not be a

national military response; it should be a global, diplomatic response.

Global and diplomaticy.sand-that is what we are recommending, and that is

why that message is being favorably received at various quarters. Does

that answer the question?


Q:     I am sure there's going to be plenty of interest and people hounding

you and calling and wanting more information after this has been released.

Have you got any plans on how to handle that?

A:     You mean me, personally?
                                                                          564

Q:      Or CSETI?

A:      Well, they are two questions. It depends. Certainly the coalition

dealing with this will be inundated, and in fact already is on a certain level.

Lmeafhas become vef intense. Al 4 is our hope that at that point
there would be adequate sources, resources, and funding so that there

could be a genuine center for the study of extra-terrestrial intelligence with
                                         A
an adequate staff and press corps staffan press officers and people to

answer inquiries.    At this point we would obviously be just completely

overwhelmed. We have neither the infrastructure nor the staff to handle

that.


On a personal level, my first thought when you asked the question was that

I will go into hiding somewhere in Antarctica. But we hope that that won't

be necessary. There are security issues that people have spoken to me

about in terms of our home and family and-things of thaLsorx;_bat. . . who

knows.


Q:      What can you say about what the ETs themselves might be prepared

to do, post-announcement?

A:      Well, what we have arranged with the extra-terrestrial life forms, both

through our RMIT efforts and recent, an expedition that happened abou             r--

or"6'months ago to a certain area of the south-western United States uv~
                                                                         565

to prepare them and to prepare the area for a daylight landing, which would

then be cooperatively done with the protection and permission of the United
      n
States military, the legal, Constitutional chain-of-command military. And

which would be an event of record and note; and would, in all likelihood, be

shared with the entire population. It is our information from the extra-

terrestrial that they will cooperate with that. And this is something which we

have know about            Well over 20, years; which I have known for 20

years, the main reason why I am doing all of this.


An interesting side note on that, through a series of pre- 'ognitive and lucid

dreams about 20 years ago, it was quite clear to me that this would happen

and that somehow that I would be involved in that.: And-I-h         #ar-a-Iong

time- Well I knew that that was true, because I knew that the nature ofthe

dream was one that was pre-cognitive; and it rang true, becaus/Ihis is           —~
                                                              797
something thatwhen I have ore of these, I~now what 'it is Buft was

confirmed in 1992 during a training in Palm Beach, Florida, when three

women who each had lucid dreams involving me and who had never known

who I was and mysteriously found out where we were meeting, flew in from

Europe and the Caribbean, because they had been friends, and came to

this training. One of them was an older woman, who had been one of

Mahatma Ghandi's young European girls who worked with him and with the

looms, and what-hay-ond who was quite a savant and someone who
                                                                                  566

had a tremendous spiritual connection apparentlyo this subject and I• _

add to-me somehow: Andwhat happene iwas that after this training was

over (And I mentioned earlier [Page 461] this probe that came and

[unintelligible; coughing in background]                   hen later made a check-

mark ✓ in the sky}, I was drivingin the caiback to the hoteland these three

women were -in                                Aid; the woman who was Mahatma

Ghandi's assistant did not speak verygood iigllsb, or any english, ad was

speektt          in German to the women in the back seat. And I could tell that

it was something, that they werein sort of hushed tones, wondering if they

should tell me. And so I turned back to the women who spoke english and

said,   .go     ahead and tell me what it is. And she proceeded to relate to me

word-for-word, image-for-image, the content of the lucid dream which I had
                                                                    i


had 20 years before in the mid or early 1970s. And she related this, and

she said, ;

              "You know that what I have seen is that there will be a landing in the

              south-    stern United States in an area where there is a lot of very

              light-colored sand. And that the military will be there to secure it; but

              you and another small group of people will be there, and it will be

              day-time, and a disk will land." and etc, and so on.

And my mouth dropped open and I said,

              "How did you know this?"

And she said,
                                                                       567
       "Well, this is something that I have dreamed, and I know it is real."

And I said,

       Well, I have, too."

And we shared and-it-wad's an astonishing moment. SpÀt was chilling, and

so a43~RMIT expedition, small one of three people, was sent to this area of

the United States to, on the level of non-linear preparation, make ready for
                                     n.
that event, which could be somewhat ernineI)t 1Certainly over the next 2 or

3 years, if not sooner. . An this     something which was a specific goal

of an RMIT mission that took place in October; actually, it started the day,
                                                                   l

after the LARRY KING SHOW.          I went from Las Vegas to(hereJ to

Albuquerque and then to the various sites. Are we weirded out -yet:


Q:    Have you had occasion to speak with Leif Montgomw'%

A:    No.

Q:    He's k, he's- toWashington teachingat jrape stops/starts.]
