{"created_utc": "2026-08-13T04:56:40Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 6587861, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117161-project-starlight-book-chapter-unkown-pgs-766-812.pdf", "source_sha256": "1973f79a9abbacf37225fda7b6826a4e1d3143fef9c42d65fc736f627308764c"}

766
TAPE 16, SIDE A:

I would like to start this section by opening up questions on technologic,

economic, environmental, and social and cultural implications; because we

have gone through that section and I'm sure there has been adequate

questions and answers on that. So, If anyone has any questions they'd like

to ask about the social and cultural implications of the detection of extra-

terrestrial intelligence and implications for the economy and technology and

the envirommnt, this would be a good time to ask them. Or, we shall move

on.


Q:      Steve, would you advocate conducting a poll through a section af ou -

socie    to-sse what. . .[Tape stopsls tais.j

A:      I think that's an important point. The question is, would we be in

favor of doing a poll to see how people respond to the idea of the existence

of extra-terrestrial life forms? Actually, that's been done. The Harris and

Gallup organizations over the years have done various polls in terms of just

seeing what people think UFOs are; and usually aground 50 percent feel

that they are inter-planetary spacecraft and are real. A bigger question is

how people would receive this information and how they would react to it.

I am not aware of any studies like that T~'have~1been done.


But it brings up an important point. And that is the social reaction to this
                                                                          767

subject will, to some degree, be culturally based. For example, on our

journeys to remote areas of Latin America and Mexico, we have found that

native peoples, descendants of Mayan and Aztec culture accept the

existence of these objects and these people quite readily. And it fact, they

have traditions and knowledge about these civilizations which go back a

very long time. This is also true of Peru and Chile and other parts of the

globe. And so the reluctance to accept this or shock of it would be nominal

to non-existent in those cultures.


Similarly, in the Vedic traditions and the traditions of a large percentage of

the population of India, there are explicit discussions in their ancient

teachings about the Monoth, which were ancient reports of, basically,

spacecraft that had high energetics associated with them and what-have-
       nn
you~Ant~ne finds that in those groups of people that there's not a great

deal of surprise. Atsa-the Dalaitan~1one
                                      of        our consultants has spoken

with the Dalai Lamaho did not express a tremendous amount of surprise

at this at- 1' nd was rather accepting of the existence of these objects and

these other intelligent life forms in the Universe.


                                                          2
 o, thatts an example of cultures where therea                fair amount of

understanding and a certain amount of cultural tradition involving this

subject.   In other areas, it may be more surprising to people.        It's an
                                                                           768

  important point that to the extent that people have been the object or target

  of a steady diet of disinformation on this subject, particularly as has been

  provided through the media and books. and through misinformation and

  disinformation, ta-#ha~ exter~~,,
                                ~fhey may actually have a greater degree of

  problems accepting the subject.        Becau     Tey have been, in rr ny'

 respects, manipulated in certain directions.           his is particularly true

  in the United States and Europe and other countries where there has been

 a heavy emphasis on the abductionist perspective and what-havecc1 ---

 where therebeen massive doses of disinformation injected into that area.

 And, I thin                   assn, even though those people may be aware

 of the subject, when it is finally confirmed that these are real5and are extra-

  terrestrial spacecraft, there may be some difficulty~theF    here there may
                                                       J
  not be in a "more primitive" country.


 Perhaps the                                 ere are two different groups; and

  we have discussed these in the past in a different context. And that is,
  ~G
,onically, two normally thought of as opposing or opposite ends of the

                                   -'scientists and religions. Scientists,
  spectrum in terms of society, and-that

  who esteem themselves very highly as knowing everything, which of course

  doctors and scientists frequently do, unfortunately, we often joke that MD
                                                                ~J
  in many people's minds stands for 'mighty deity' which is unfortu'ate'and

  absurd, but t#e-t--i   irhatsociety endows a scientist and doctors with that
      ~                                                                     769
                    an        hen they are confronted with information which

  challenges their whole premise of the Universe, this will be something which

  will be a very difficult thing for some sectors to accept.


  I think it would be instructive to share the story of, I think I did share it

  earlier [Page 22], of the scientist at the Cambridge University lecture I gave

  in 1993 wf}ef~:at          A,~arhiQiis a conference for the MENSA Society,

       e,4t the end of the presentation, this elderly scientist, a very well-

  esteemed and very well-known British scientist got up and was very

  agitated and stated that he was a veryy eminent scientist and had worked

  extensively with the governme~(id if any of this were true, he would have

  known about it, and in a very bombastic and arrogant way asserted the fact

  that this could not be true without him having known about it. And then, he

  went on to proclaim that he found it depressing that a person of my

  intelligence was wasting my life on such drivel, etc. and so on. ..Arf5it was

  quite an interesting, emotional outburst from this scientist.


          2(fter the presentation and then the banquet, some of his friends came

  up to me [Page 23] and apologized for his behavior. But, more importantly,

i' said something very telling. And he said that they told me that his reaction

  was out of fear.       And I was sort of surprised, because I thought my

  message quite clearly was establishing that these extra-terrestrial life forms
                                                                              770
 were not hostile and really no threat to the worl~ai        hey said, no, that's

 not what they mean. He was afraid because the information crashed his

 entire world view, that everything he knew about physics, which;-of-eaa{ eT~
 a
 he was a physicist, everything he knew about mathematics, about the

 physical laws of the Universe, about the whole perspective of non-linear

 existence as it pertains to ET technology, some of which I got into in the

 presentation, this completely crashed his view of the world. d'At also

 challenged his sense of identity, because he had always thought of himself

 as a very competent and advanced scientist, and then was confronted with

 information which might indicate that we are only one-half of one step out

 of the jungle. An    ^ is is    very difficult thing for a scientist to accept.


'-Se, -in-oeftai quaff'.        The purpose of this example is to show that

 certain aspects of society may have some greater difficulty accepting this

 than others. The man on the street actually, I think, will do quite well. But

 a very orthodox scientist, and maps v>          Fthodox religionist may equally

 have difficulty accepting this information.


 Q: "    I have two inter-relate questio       ha ha     o do    th the introduc.

     [Tape stops/starts.]

 A:      This is are-very-important questior!The first question was dealing

 with how these advanced extra-terrestrial technology , which by the-re
                                                                          771
already being reverse-engineered and studied at secret facilities, how they

would be introduced to our society and through what organizations, means,

systems, etc. This is a very sensitive question, because it really speaks to

the heart of the control point in the covert operations dealing with this

subject at this ti        4 r       at`l   in large part dr iven by a certain

proprietary interest in the technology by quasi-governmental, quasi-civilian

corporate entities which view this in extremely tight security and proprietary

frameworks. This brings up a very vast ethical question: to whom does the

ownership of technology which is the result of reverse-engineering extra-

terrestrial artifacts and devices belong? [Page 685, 687] A4      f1e answer

should be t the Universe. ,tfey belong to a long apparerTf'tradition of

evolution which has taken place apparently quite independently of Earth
                                    j.4 t,
civilization. And—fo~h      a.son, there is a certain amount of moral

repugnancy associated with certain corporate or quasi-governmental

corporate entities, or hybrid corporations as I call them, arrogating to

themselves the right of ownership and control of these type of technologies.

It would appear that the only honest and safe way of dealing with this would

be to put them into the world's knowledge in terms of basic sciences-an'tht

me explain what I mean by this. At universities and other institutes basic

scientific breakthroughs generally are not patented and are made available

and shared amongst universities, scholars, scientists, and what-have-you.

Subsequently, specific applications which may be the result of those
                                                                              772
breakthroughs because it is a unique design or unique what-have-you, end

up being patented and then have a proprietary interest.


Now, in the case where both the basic science and the actual technological

device is originating from off-planet                                    question

arises how can That system be applied her-? A'dJt 1Ahe best answer

is that it simply can't    fthouC ...ere obviously is an attempt at this point
                                 u


in time to do that. Unfortunately, this is going to require an international

conference on the legality and          hemmorality       of proprietary interests

controlling technology which really was not ttie rs to-begs- with. And which,

therefore, should be made available to the world at large in a humanitarian

manner and in a way that would redound to the benefit of every civilization

and people.


Now,Jhat    ma
                  iven the human condition towards greed, that many people

feejjmay be just too idealistic. However, the alternative is rather odious,

because it would indicate that we are willing to give to hybrid, quasi-

governmental corporate entities which have been-_gig . the

reverse-engineering this material the licensure and patent to items which

essentially were acquired from extra-terrestrial spacecraft. And this, then,
                    _                                 `


brings up                 questions. An in fact, you are really talking about

the corporate equivalent of "inventing" or owning the patent to the internal
                                                                             773

combustion engine, the light-bulb, the computer, the silicon chip, the micro-

chip, the MicroSoft programming technology and about every other major

technology you can think of and then an exponential growth beyond that by

a relative handful of corporate or hybrid-government corporate entities.


And this is no exaggeration. We are really talking about'      ni   to   the next

millennium*rillions of dollars in technological applications particularly when

you start looking at completely replacing the infra-structure of all energy-

related systems, propulsion systems, etc. This simply is not tenable. And

aside from the earlier-mentioned technological conundrum      Pandora's Box

[Page 628, 689, 690] related to how this technology may be used both for

unfortunate purposes or aggressive purposes as well as good ones, there

is this other question of proprietary ownership.


Now, less the reader think that this is something which is purely theoretical,

I would like to share the following information. A scientist, whom a very

close associate of min at NASA feels will someday receive the Nobel Prize,

who is working on essentially extra-terrestrial energy systems and what is

called free-energy or zero-point energy [Page 683] is receiving most of his

leads on this subject from his personal and intimate involvement with

reverse-engineering extra-terrestrial technology. However, this individual

does not wish that to be known and refuses to discuss his connection to it,
                                                                          774
not for security reasons, but because he wishes for people to think that

these devices and these break-throughs came out of his own ingenious

breakthroughs: So, there is an element of deception involved there that is

very worrisome.


This is, in fact, so much the case that a member of our strategy team who

is personal friends with this scientist was shaken by the idea of inviting his

involvement in the disclosure process on the extra-terrestrial issue, because

he refuses to be identified with it since it would jeopardize his apparent

ownership and proprietary interest in this technology. This is only one

example that I can give. And the name of this individual is known to me.


So, this is obviously a major problem that's well underway. Again, it is not

something that's a theoretical problem that we might face in the year 2050.
    k
It' a problem which should have been addressed about 50 years ag~5-

50 years ago, and now will have to be addressed somewhat in retrospect

and in a game of catch-up.


It seems that the only moral application of this technology assuming the

world has evolved to a peaceful world state would be that it would be made

widely available free of patent, at least for the basic technology and the
                                                                          775
basic energy system, and that it will in all likelihood take an international

tribunal of some type to establish that and enforce that. And this s only one

of many issues w~icb--donfronting the world community as it entertains

these important questions. Now, what was the second~estion?


Q:    -The impact-©n—[₹apei~ops/star4&J -

A:     The question is whether this extra-terrestrial question will impact our

economic system as it currently is envisioned as a capitalist system and

move it towards something more on the level of cooperative, sharing

situation. [See also Page 782] Ironically, because the technolecause

of the issue just mentioned, the technology morally does not belong to any
                                              RAJ
individual or corporate entity on this planet alit originated from extra-

terrestrial sources. For that reason, if it is handled properly and deployed

or made available properly, it will cause a massive shift in the current

thinking about ownership, simply because it will b viewe as something

that is shared by the whole world, but    tullyoriginated from off our planet

and therefore should only be considered community property or knowledge.

This, in and of itself, could have an extraordinary impact on how we view

the current competitive situation. It is unlikely, given human nature, that we

will have a civilization in the very near future that will be completely devoid

of a certain competitive and proprietary interest. But, it is likely that these

forces will temper-f ' hose tendenci       particularly the excesses of
                                                                          776
them and enable a much        è    orld-wide distribution of resources simply

because the current state of relative scarcity would be obviated by the

abundance related to these extraordinary technology systems.


For example, if every people in the world consumed energy, petroleum and

related energy products, at the rate Americans do, we would have an

impossible situation.    There would simply not be enough energy to go

around and the cost of it would be prohibitive. A        ',the current state of

affairs ensures a certain imbalance.


This, however, brings up another whop question: That if every village and

home can have a relatively simple device that provides virtually unlimited

energy and therefore means of communication awi transportation and

cultivation, etc. and-so- o   Page 693], then that intrinsic state of scarcity

and inequality would over a period of time evaporate and certainly would

impactin an extraordinary way~ur current global economic system and our

consciousness surrounding material wealth and the means of production of

 ealth~.


These changes are likely to occur over the next 50 years and will cause Q_-

tremendous shift in the way the world views itself, its economic systems;
                                 (2!
and its whole class structure. And this, then, brings up another whole
                                                                        777

question: If that occurs and there is adequate abundance to the point that

there is not the huge disparity amongst the classes, then people will need

to find another way of achieving identity and respect, rather than vaunting

themselves over others because they are more wealth_ car more educated

or what-have-yam Pc~Tt1i ttiis in all likelihood drive a shift from external

means of sensing one's value to a more appropriate internal measure of

one's worth and one's self. And to the extent that people become educated

on the nature of the human reality, which in fact is a universal phenomenon

of non-linear consciousness or transcendent consciousness, #$oaf ex                -

it will become quite clear to people that they are all of infinite wort from   —

that point of view. And the challenge is to what extent they can fulfill or —

mine that mother-lode of human reality and manifest in the world to the

common good and to, perhaps, their own enrichment as well, a certain

amount of enlightened self-interest.


Q.   _ This pounds Iike. . .[Tape stopstsis.]

A:    The question is whether this would have a negative effect on the

religions of the world, since many religions view themselves as having a

monopoly on spiritual issues.   dQn'tth flk theme case. You know, you

can view any of these situations as half-full or half-empty or, more

specifically perhaps, from the perspective of a zero-sum gain or one of a

continuous source of abundance.           of only material abundance, but
                                                                           778

here we are speaking of spiritual abundance. Because individual humans

beginning to experience their own true nature as in the aspect of the non-

linear or universal aspect of consciousness or spirit should serve to

enhance the meaning of religion. And religions would, nevertheless, have

a role to play in assisting people in that understanding, providing a structure

where retreats and training and other type of programs could be used to

further that experience and understanding. And beyond that - given the

human condition because no matter how evolved we get, we are always

going to have a certain aspect of ourselves which is called ego and the

animal nature which can lead us into various paths of trouble the certain

moral authority and understanding of religion, while it may undergo certain

types of redefinition, will always be a valuable component to human life.

And so, it should not be assumed that these changes would be counter to

the interests of religion. They simply will be transformative to the current

state of religion. AncLLthihfc that, in all likelihood, would be a very welcome

thing by most of the citizens of the world. Does that answer?

Q:       Um-huh --Tape s opslsta     s4


t-tbak        e effect of this will cause religions to return to their original

purpose. And the word 'religio' from which 'religion' is derived, means to

bind back or to return. Well, to return to what? To return the human

awareness from the desert of self and ego to the ocean of this unbounded
                                                                           779

consciousness which united the entire Universe and all intelligent life. And

so, in a large sense, these sort of developments could very well infuse new

meaning in religion, which in many people's minds have fallen into a set of
                          J
doctrine and dogma ant hierarchy and in many cases) hypocrisy)o_-- .

rejuvenate religion with a genuine sense of the purpose of religious pursuit,

and that is the bringing of the Divine into daily life, rather than it being the

possession of a few spiritual leaders who are frequently self-appointed.

[Tape stops/starts.]


A:       . . . cel+~rtt. The question is, there has been some discussion about

reverse-engineering attempts by covert groups with the ET technology; and

the questio       what about going directly to the extra-terrestrial life forms

for understandings of these sort of developments. And it's a o'                    --

taken.


My understanding is that the extra-terrestrial technologies which various

covert groups have been working can-t y i)g to understand, are in a

somewhat unsatisfactory state of elucidation. And this in part is,,because

it's been so tightly held and so few people have had access to understand

it; but it's also, perhaps, more fundamental. And that is, if you go back a

few thousand years and hand a caveman a simple pocket calculator, they

might eventually figure out how to push the buttons and have numbers do
                                                                          780

certain functions, but to be able to manufacture it, to be able to have the

metallurgy, the understanding of electronics, of micro-circuitry, etc. and so

on, is an order of magnitude beyond simply being able to push the buttons

and make it happen.


In this sense, some of the projects that have dealt with this subject have

been able to get the craft that they have acquired through various means,

some rather disturbing means, to get them up, fly them, and do some

certain procedure     But, this does not mean that they are at the point of

                    f y manufacture this technology or, for that matter,

understand the laws of the Universe that support their functioning.


Now, this brings up an important question. And that is, to the extent that

the world community can come together and renounce nationalistic

aggression, international conflict and inter-planetary conflict, to that extent

our world will be welcomed into an inter-planetary coalition in a more direct

way. This is the premise of the    SETI CE-5 Initiative, which is a prototype

of something larger that o&evoIve into the next century. And in the case

of a stable and peaceful world situation, we can envision that diplomatic

liaisons to these civilizations, while initially on the purpose of creating a

sense of relationship and inter-planetary community, may eventually involve

scientific exchange and groups of humans interacting with these life forms
                                                                             781
                                                                           `
  and learning of their specific scientific technologies, etc. and tee    ' i4ra~

  this would be a more honest, direct, and sustainable way of having this kind

~,. 'mutually-beneficial situation evolve, rather than the current cat-and-
                                                            2-
  mouse game where we try to shoot them down at4,).g             their technology

  and then back engineerit and etc, and so- ' It would be an infinitely more

  enlightened procedure and method.            ,Ar 4tiat is what we are
                                                  i
  recommending,,And we           r        r3dingi~ to the world community, to

  this covert group, and to our national security community.


  S ,xt is important to recognize that there is a much better way of doing this.

  And it is likely, in that event, that the terms-from     th# extra-terrestrial

  civilizations of this information being shared globally, is that it be without

  proprietary interests or nationalistic interests. In other words, there should

  not be one nation or one corporate entity on the planet that would control

  this kind of technology. Because in doing so, it sets up an extraordinary

  imbalance and would only accentuate the current problems related to the
                        'A,
  haves and the have-nots1and the disparity between the developed countries
                      e
  and the undeveloped Gs'This requires, obviously, a whole new way of

  looking at technology and economics, which is rather foreign to us at this

  point in time. And let naamistake this to say that this is suggesting anything

  like socialism or communism; it is neither capitalism nor communism. [Page

  775] It is a totally different way of seeing a shared and cooperative interest
                                                                            782

from the perspective of abundance rather than scarcity. Aad-.&Che current

ideology surrounding economics are simply moribund and not capable of

understanding this type of advancement.


I/had a thought th.t cam into my mind and -ft befo - I could. . .the mouth

is too slow. We need th~s technology where the mind and_          —    h?

Q      Is there evidence that this [Tape stops/starts.]

A:     The question is, is there any evidence that this type of more direct

exchange is going on currently in advance of a more peaceful world

situation. Let me W y yes and no.


On the level of the CSETI Initiative, we are already well down the road of

perfecting non-linear technologies that enable us to communicate wi               '

vector spacecraft into land~ituations, etc; and that's-wI tWe have been

doing for the last or 4 years                    s-r   te ur   nded, v6fi~nteer

sort of-protot   iAi    ah s been rather successful. We would hope, on

the other hand, that there is not any such direct exchange occurring at this

point in history, simply because the world situation is so unstable that the

only thing worse than our current primitive technology tI~stroying the

world is to introduce a much more advanced technology which in the

mindset of nationalistic aggression could fall into the hands of entities or

nations that could then use it to not only escalate international tensions, but
                                                                           783

could put us in a situation of inter-planetary tensions.


In fact, this is one of the real problems of the current cover handling of the

situation where certain spin-offs and advancements in technologies resulting

from back-engineering ET technology, while not complete as mentioned

earlier, are partially underway and are giving us adequate technological

capabilities to begin to be able to be,aa threat to these extra-terrestrial life

forms and has manifested so far in our being able to specifically down

some of their craft with some new generation weapons which have not

been publicly discussed or disclosed. This is very worrisome, because it

implies- well it-doesn't imply, it indicates that through a covert process

totally outside the consultation from the Executive Branch        Congress or

international community, tare          event going on that may on behalf of

the entire planet be leading   us   into the potential for inter-planetary war.

Ar -This is the worst of all worse-case scenarios, which, absolutely, must

be averted.


Q:     When you talked about the interface of thought and computers and

thought and the machineryan         p forth, what dojQu-think this development

of advance thought will have to do with creating reality by thoughts being

things and that?

A:     The question is what is the logical conclusion of technologies where
                                                                            784

one can interface thought with matter, and may this evolve into a system

where, in fact, objects could be created through the interface of thought with

matter? The answer to that is that it is likely that €    t'potential exists. And

whether or not these extra-terrestrial life forms have that fully developed or

not or all of them-~'e1is         question. It is likely that some of them do.

And that we have reports fror ''even on Earth of certain adepts being able

to manifest out of apparently thin air wholly devised objects      gems~or food?

or,wl4at41     you


And essentially what they are doi         ,-if I may digress for a moment to

explain what these abilities are: The Christian tradition would call them

'gifts' and in the East they would be called 'siddhi' or abilities is related to

          ~ei~3                  first of all the individual being able to access

the non-local aspect of mind, and then from that state of consciousness to

be able to specifically function on a very subtle level of reality where mind

can then interface with matter on this very much sub-sub-atomic basis and
                I,
th           specific outcome. This is how levitation

materialization    and    materialization ,' occurs,     transmutation o        ---

teleportatio      I of these deal with. . "Xh( basic principl

a matter of what the function is in the nexus, what I call the nexus, where

non-local mind interfaces with non-local matter. Okay? Because there is

an aspect of the book you are reading, which is, while certainly material and
                                                                            785

 physical on one level, is the warp and woof of it is in fact mind or

 consciousness.


 And so, an individual intelligent life form)by accessing that aspect of mind

 which is non-local can resonate as-it -we'or vibrate with that aspect of

 non-local matter, which is the same as non-local mind and have an effect,

 which is specific and measurable.


 We warned earlier in the book that a discussion of extra-terrestrial

 technology would bring us into areas that would make=rt' look like magic.

 But, again, let us remind ourselves that a lase            'a hologram~an 'a

 computer and a cellular phone would be utter magic to someone 150 years

 ago. So, it appears that this is closer to reality than we think, and that there

 have been accounts even in human history of certain adepts being able to

 perform these feats.


 Now, if we take that basic concept and systematize it to where, for

 example, mind can interface with a computer to do certain functions (and

 as mentioned earlier at UNLV and elsewhere these conceP

,being-practicallwexglored terhnologicalt), we could see that if that is

 possible, tha t should also be possible that thought or mind could interact

 with computers and/or raw materials or, as you want to call it, the multi-
                                                                          786
potent state of matter that is everywhere, to create what, seemingly out of

thin air, entire objects.


Odes that make          erase?

       Yes.

A:      nd really, we are~tatking. . . I have to digress for a moment, and say

that the CSETI research teams have been on site where things similar to

this have happened.         Wherrj there have been apparent effects in the

material environment that are beyond a linear understanding, such as the

creation of intelligent probes that can manifest and then apparently

disappear, or the ability to have objects that are solid go directly through

other solid objects which ostensibly should be impossible, according to our

current understanding of physics and matter. But these technologies permit

these seemingly-miraculous events to take place. 6ndith"only seem

miraculous because we don't use them eveiy.


As is often said, t     one man's miracle is another man's everyday affair

and vice-versa. And certainly if you walk back in time 500 years and just

showed somebody a flashlight, they would be astounded. I hope that this

type of discussion helps bridge from where we currently are to what we are

seeing in these extra-terrestrial spacecraft and perhaps where we will be in

50 or 100 years. And, of cour_se.Jbat is the subjett-ofthe-
                                                          ~e ~häpter.
                                                                          787

Other questions about the. . .does that answer? [Tape stopslstarts.]_


Social, environmental, technological implications.


Q:—        o he best of your knowledge how [Tape stops/starts.]

A:     The question is how many extra-terrestrial species are visiting this

planet. At leas forJ and maybe several dozen. [Page 38, 374] It is not

known for certain.                ere are so many conflicting reports that are

somewhat enigmatic and anecdotal that it's hard to get a very clear sense

of it. It is likely to be_seyei


Let us go back for a minute and understand that in the Milky Way alone,

w#i h i      ijr galaxy,)kayt" Lest ~,F+~aTh-the bcc:                  -people

get-this-conf         [Page 481]:

          '. Our sun and its planets is a 'solar system.'

           ) A collection of starsor suns, like our sun form what is called a

          'galaxy.'

           ) Our galaxy, the Milky Way, has approximately 200 billion stars.

Now, our galaxy is only one of many billions of galaxies, each with billions

of stars. But dealing just with our local galaxy, the Milky Way, there are

200 billion stars, of which. .
                                                                                 788

    Q:      I thought it was twice tt I, 400 billion.

            There are Slifferent numbers. Nobody knows               ure. It's in the

     undies - of billions.

    QJ      Billions and billions.

            Yes,


                       thank youCG.a   -And Carlett


     #e-poirt4}ere-ie-         it's estimated that 60 percent of those, anywhere from

    120 to 250 million star systems have planets around them. And of those,

    there is a significant number that are in the phase similar to our son where—'

'        believed that these planets could have life. The point being t

    within our galaxy, it is estimated that there are 10,000 to 10,000,000 (those

    are conservative figures) civilizations, planets with intelligent life on them.

—ie-e


    Now in a Universe at lease 20 billion years old, nobody knows quite how

    old it is, many billions of years_o1 /Earth civilization having been only
                   t
    around)for a matter of thousands of years as we know it, and all of life on

    Earth only existing for a couple of billion years, is it not likely that some of

    these planetary bodies may have evolved technologically a few years ahead

    of ours. And 100,000 years in cosmological time, it's a blink of an eye. But

    100,000 years in the development of technologies at its expediential growth

    we have seen in the last 100 years is phenomenal. And scr it is likely,
                                                                              789

therefore, getting to the pot#        that there are many civilizations just in
                                 -#tern;


            fr     1
our galaxy  capable   of getting from their corner of the galaxy to us. This

does not begin to discuss the question of inter-galactic travel or universal
                                                                   L-     1
travel through technologies which may be quite beyond our..kiti to even

imagine.


For this reason, it is very unlikely that there is only one or two extra-

terrestrial life forms.   And as mentioned earlier in our comprehensive

assessment, it appears that these various life' forms are working together

in some type of coalition involving this planet.


Q:     Well, the reason I asked that is th?to                media. .     [Tape

stops/starts.]

A:     The question being asked is how we look at the kind of information

currently in the popular media and the UFO subculture regarding certain

actions such as abductions and mutilations and bedroom visitations and?

what-have-        As mentioned earlier, it is likely that the majority of that is

disinformation, first of all, and does not indicate that there are any rogue

groups at all.


The rogue group that I think is operating is a covert cell that has advanced

electronic means to induce these type of experiences. The other category
                                                                             790

would be people having perfectly understandable experiences, but who are

misinterpreting them because of the d4sir~brm~tion' and the pre-

programming they have received from the disinformation and the public

media.


Now, there is always going to be an element of the unknown he re            larger

element. But that is far from us being able to make an assessment that

there are extra-terrestrial civilizations or segments of them that are

behaving outside of the confines of, say, this coalition which may have a

larger purpose. It is unlikely that that would be allowed to happen. I mean,

even on planet Earth we don't permit rogue nations, such as Iraq, to

overtake other nations; or North Korea to[pdf nuclear bombs ire i at

South Korea, etc. and—so---       - And whether you support eno            those —

policies, the fact of the matter is, it is extremely unlikely that inter-planetary

civilizations involved with the relatively primitive, emerging world civilization

such as Earth's would be running around doing things willy-nilly in an

uncoordinated fashion.       I mean, that seems - not--oniy is that highly

irrational,    e    i   I~-ertltfc~~


We would suggest that these types of perceptions and, indeed, the vast

majority of those types of experiences are the results of both humanity

individually and collectively being victimized by a covert control group which
                                                                            791

has a certain agenda dealing putting propagand~J ut i io—tkg utockf'to
                                           ,.--
prepare the world for inter-planetary conflict        it they deem necessary —

And this has been done, of course, throughout history, a     h      .been called -

the 'psychological warfare' propaganda, and we certainly have well-

documented cases of it in this century with World War l and other conflicts

where the "enemy" has been demonized.


       LJ
And'this brings up an issue that should be mentioned. And that is that one

of the modus operandi of these type of operations is to de-humanize the

enemy. Well, now, in this case they are not human to begin with, so we

don't have a good term. And the word de-personalize means something

else altogether.     So, but let us just say to '`de€et i2c'1 or make ugly

something    which    is      foreign   [negatively   stereotype?      subvert

prejudicially?} and, therefore, is the object of hatred and what-have-you

in a way of preparing people for conflict that would be acceptable to them.


An example: My father in World War II had the unfortunate experience of

being in the Japanese theater, in the Pacific theater, and of being involved

in a PT boat incident where at close range he killed a Japanese soldier.
                n .r       ,-,/,rl~                           - .le,eat—
They had somehcrb~Prac' it dealing with this person's body, saw is wallet

and--personal effects and in it was a picture of this man with his children

and h"wife. And this caused my father, who had been conditioned by the
                                                                         792
military to view the Japanesevand'the enemy and as ugly and as really sub-

human to realize the humanity of this being whom he had just killed. And

which, therefore, caused him to have a very profound adjustment problem

from that incident.


We should not be gullible or simplistic in understanding the extent to which

an extremely well-funded covert operation can infiltrate and influence a

relatively small civilian subculture or industry such as the UFO field to put

out books, videos, information, pseudo cases, hoaxed cases, psycho-

electronic abduction cases, etch 86 that world opinion and consciousness

would be shifted in a          irection to support conflict.


Now, let no one misinterpret what I am saying here. This is not to say that

no one has had an encounter with an extra-terrestrial life form. But it is to

say, that there are many of these accounts which are bogus. Just as many

of the so-called 'cattle experiments' are in fact hoaxed cases and are decoy

cased in that sense. And of the experiences which are legitimate, they

being to be forced into an understanding which is fear-b.ae and conflict -
                                                    ,z
based because of the prevailing milieu.


This is somet                somewhat insidious and complex; and some

people would feel that ould be more implausible than the extra-terrestrial
                        w
                                                                                  793


r     themselves. And, perser        i rejected any of these notions up until about

     6 months to a year ago when definitive proof of this was demonstrated to

      me, and I was able to be 'read into' some of the top-secret, special access

      non-lethal defense programs that are fully operational and which are

      capable of doing exactly what we have just described. So, in that sense,

      innocence lost; but a bit wiser for it all, I hope. Drd that answef?

      Q: Yes. [Tape stops/starts.]


      A: I guess the question is, is it not also likely that there are genuine extra-
    I
     i terrestrial life forms which are hanittg p-f•ple      on board spacecraft for

      certain purposes~~A1►d the-answer te                ope I have made very clear,

      that yes, those are occurring. And they appear to be centered around a

      number of projects, which are rather, I think, understandable given the state

      the world is in, and some of them may, in fact, be interactions with extra-

      terrestrial biological androids, in other words biological artificial life forms

      which are doing some of the work of the other extra-terrestrial original life

      forms that are not engineered, for security and other reasons.


      This is not to say that these interactions are, therefore, intrinsically evidence

      of any hostility, however. -Beca4; take for example the question of the

      degradation to our environment and the damage to the genetic material of

      mammalian systems. [Page 53, 253, 386, 476, 485, 491] It is likely that
                                                                        794

some of these experiments could be centered around mapping this damage

and perhaps even planning to compensate for it.


On the other hand, if      remotely-viewed information which we have is

even 10 percent correct, they may be undertaking scientific documentation

projects in advance of any significant global geo-physical changes or other

massive environmental catastrophes so that on the far side of those events,

Earth civilization and plant life and animal life might be restored to some

degree of normalcy. There are many complex issues going on that cannot

be accounted for by simply responding to people's emotionalistic reaction
                           ,rw
to these sa#-'events. And pane stimulus to one person might be very

pleasurable and awe-inspiring and to another one be completely terrifying.


-Fo.c example, we have heard of many accounts where people have simply

seen an ET craft hover in the road in front of them. One person will relate

this to it as being one of the most transformative and mind-expanding

                           wFief~ another person will say it was the most
experiences of their life; Ur

terrifying and unsettling experience of their life. Now, the stimulus was the

same. The reactivity, however, belongs purely to the person. A           ed
                                                                         mi

have to separate individual reactivity to a stimulus from the motive behind

the stimulus; because they are really not at all related, in many, many

cases.
                                                                               795

Without getting into a detailed discussion of the CE-4 phenomenon, and

there's really no point in splitting hairs over whether there is 10 ;percent of

them that are hoaxed covert even         .• 90 •erce.       The point is, is that

there are substantial number that are psycho-electronic covert events that

are hoaxed)       hich are designed to spin the information, the perspective,

and the reactivity to the subject in a         direction of fear and conflict.

And                       ~achich__th9 civilian community has been an
                                                                          1,
                            j                           -
extraordinary victim of and, quite frankly, has been extraordinarily gullible

about


On the other hand, the extra-terrestrial CE-4 event, on-board events which

have occurred which appear to be genuine even if they may be somewhat -
                                             ~
unsettling or frightening to someone initially is" in no way evidence of a

hostile intent on the part of these life forms. And we should back off oft his

kind of prejudicial conclusion based on purely anecdotal stories, because

there's too much muddying of the waters whieR has been done. Here are

the factors which are clouding our judgement on this subject:

       1.     Covert activity in this area where people are being deliberately

       "abducted" by covert human forces for a specific disinformation

       purpose.

       2.     The effect that thus       on the general consciousness and,

       therefore, the likely interpretation of people who have had a genuine
                                                                        796

      extra-terrestrial experience.

      3.     The confusion in the civilian community of the reactivity of an

      individual who may be frightened of a stimulus, even though it may

      not be in any way harmful, as evidence of the h                   S or


      hostility of the source of the stimulus, here being the extra-

      terrestrials.

By that I mean, if somebody has a CE-4 experience and has a very

negative emotional reaction to it, even though the conditions of the

experience were not particularly noxious, then this is something which

belongs to the reaction and tt   emotionalism and the fear of the unknown

of the individual and does not say anything about the motives of why the

event took place to begin with. For example, there could be very beneficial

reasons why some of these interactions have occurred in advance of the

sort of changes that are sweeping the planet at this time. And the sort of

environmental degradation, genetic damage, j oxogenesis, etc, which we

are seeing. And which are certainly being_tracked by th      cf of Ta          _   I


Side A
                                                                        799
TAPE 16, SIDE B:

[Further questions on the implications of the detection and the

interaction with extra-terrestrial civilizations:]

S~jthere needs to be a certain amount of balance and restraint. The

restraint here being that until such time as we have been able to confirm

dialogue with these life forms and understand more fully who they are and

why they are here, it is very dangerous given the muddied picture just

described to go into a mode of assuming hostility or making sweeping

conclusions about possible malevolence, never mod -deploying space-

based weapons which have the intent to fig1t1hese life forms. This is a

very dangerous, sort of, sequence of events and which r4-fraught with the

potential for catastrophe. l-tiTif tç almer heads need to prevail on this

question and this is not at all to say that anyone should be diminishing the

surprise or fright of people who have encountered the unknown. Or that all
                                                  -L
such encounters are bog~      tc. and soli'    RIy--t~he          degree to

which this whole subject has been infected with disinformation and a

deliberate spin is much, much greater than the average person realizes.

[Tape stops/starts.]


Q:       7some          evidence about. .

A:    Ther= s no objective evid\once     f that. I really would rather not

comm- t on that. [Tape stops/starts.]
                                                                          800

The best way to go beyond this soFt1*very anthropocentric and fear-based

reaction to the unknown is to become intimately familiar with that which is
                               Usk-cam.--
not anthropocentric in fear, and-ghat is this extraordinary state of oneness

related to non-linear or universal mind. A      t    xPeriencealon, is the -
                                                                                   "
greatest source of wisdom and transcendence beyond fe                     J    r

cannot exist where there is a state of extraordinary unity. Becat a xft       is

the highest manifestation of love. [Tape stops/starts.]


The-question is relatedb     the purpose of the crop circle phenomenon.

Actually, that phenomenon is excellent; because it embodies two big

themes.   One is the fact that extra-terrestrial intelligence is capable of

interacting in beautiful and meaningful ways that affect people~tn- theW

consciousness on a very profound level. And the other is that covert forces

are fully capable of muddying and destroying something of tremendous

beauty and clarity. By this I mean the extent to which the entire crop-circle

phenomenon has been infected with hoaxing, debunking, claims that all of

them have been hoaxed by Dave and Doug, etc. and so on.


But, the larger question is, what might be the meaning of the crop circle

phenomenon if indeed it is related to extra-terrestrial soacecraft or

technology in their gene     \a   irLwe assess, p-tey ar                  That

is our assessment. In fact, we are quite certain of that, because of our
                                                                         801

 direct observations related to that phenomenon. Many people will ask, what
                                                               / ~.
 is the meaning of this; ai4-I--t#it~# 4t' is the wrong question     wrong

...questien-bu it's coming from a place of linear     a   lthin is not where

 tI -crop circles are originating,fi=em._


 And by that I mean, the crop circles appear to be at least in their most

 profound level, the authentic ones, to be conveying certain shapes and

 certain patterns which resonate with consciousness or mind and has an

 effect on a very fundamental and activating level of awareness, almost in

 an archetypal way. And as such^ are much more profound than say an

 ancient alphabet or an extra-terrestrial alphabet, etc. and so on. Ta#',even

 if they have that secondary purpose, in my opinion, their larger purpose is

 in the4effec


 The first time that I saw one of these on a large screen, a slide which Colin

  n rews was showing,         effect it had within the heart and the mind was

 so profound and so elemental that there was a transformative effect from

 it, which was quite unexpected on my part. And~whi        dicates that these

 forms have some kind of larger message, i~--yet--will, beyond say an

 alphabet or some sort--   sign that this and that are going to happen on this

 and that date, which many people try to read into them. Now, they may

 have those meanings as well as a secondary one; but it is clear that
                                                                            802
  ,,4 }
,-gave-sew more profound effect and meaning. And; in fact, may be

 profounding the Earth,arrd"the Earth consciousness and the Earth energy

 through this type of interaction, which is something holistic, non-linear and

 very, very p


 I could go on for many hours about the crop circles. But I think that in a

 nutshell, if it made any sense to anyone, is the meaning and purpose

 behind them. , It '              it~g   at-firerxt just a ve   $undamental

-basns t        se-crap o+r~les #~ave?e:' .'y'ou can't even see them unless

 you are above the Earth looking down; except in a few cases where they

 may be on an oblique angle on a hillside. But for the most part, you could

 be right beside them and not be able to see their shape, meaning, or

 appreciate them. It's only when you go up in an airplane or up on a hill

 overlooking the field that you get the effect of it. And this in its own sort of

 enigmatic way is saying, look up. We're up here. Look skyward; look into

 the heavens, Look into space.


 I think that and the sort --b resonance effect in consciousness is an

 important component of the crop circle phenomenon and is more central

 than any other purpose behind them. It should be mentioned here that we

 have interviewed a very credible farmer who has witnessed the mechanism
                 -           -
 of action,4pparently,)of how these crop circles are formed. He and a
                                                                         803

farmhand near Alton Barnes in 1991 were out at about 4:00 in the afternoon
         ,f Q
in August and observed a black cylinder descend from the sky, just as far

as you could see into the sky, that was an apparent energy field that came

down to just above the ground into a field that had already been burned off.

      began swirling the debris and the crop around in a pattern. It then

ascended back into the sky, a               a vapor or mist effect. and then

   minutes later descended into another part of the field, as if making two

ends of a dumbbell which is a very common formation. Now,     obvious   ', t'm

cux   they were able to see that it was A) daylight and therefore being

observed by these two humans, and B) that the field was burned off and

would not actually leave a crop circle. But the point here, is that this was

a totally non-meteorological event that had energetic characteristics that

suggest that this was an energy field that had both electro-magnetic and

anti-gravity effects and which seems to be what's responsible for the actual

formation.


In addition, there are many accounts of seeing ET craft in and around crop

circle fields and small remotely-piloted objects, disks measuring just a few

inches in diameter sailing through the fields in broad daylight, which have

actually been filmed on more than one occasion. It is our assessment,

therefore, that these genuine formations are being technologically mediated

by rather advanced ET craft that are in high-Earth orbit.               [Tape
                                                                          804

stops/starts.]


      2-

.4ear to have_a intelligent component to the technology creating the

shape, or the crop circle. By this I mean that the actual, technological

devices and energy fields are imbued with conscious intelligence in their

activity. Just as some of the small, translucent spheres measuring 6 to 12

inches or so in diameter which have been observed appear to be not only

some sort of technological energy field, but are themselves intelligent. We

are now getting into the question of intelligent technology, which is an

interesting area of extra-terrestrial technology that comes into the category

of consciousness-assisted technology, where teehnote&devices and

processes are infused with consciousness, mind, and are connected to it.

Its a big Universe out there. [Tape stops/starts.]


The question is, are the extra-terrestrial involvements with the planet

monitoring primarily, or are they actively assisting in the transition from our

current state to a futures Both are going on. And both are inter-related

processes.


For example, it is quite clear that the environmental and, for that matter,

human physiological situation s~under great stress and strain at this time.
                              iis
Some of the evidence for this the soaring rates of cancer, notwithstanding
                                                                             805
advances in detection and treatment, etc end- so—.                But the actual

incidents per 100,000 population is going up worldwide and going up at an

alarming rate and an historically significant rate. This is an early leading

indicator of genetic damage, because we know that the genesis of most

cancers is a point of damage in the genetic material which causes a cell to
                                          t
turn on and replicate out of control aid form a cancer. So, that is an early

warning. . .that is the, what is it, the spa                          .the canary

in the mine shaft where it would die from the toxic fumes.         In this sense,

the soaring rates of cancer are an indicator that we are poisoning our

environment world-wide, so      sig   ,   a    ftfiat we are damaging significant

aspects of our genome, our genetic compositionso that these large

increases of cancer are seen.


In addition to that, there are studies which have been released recently

documenting that the sperm count among males, not only mammals but in

humans, has dropped significantly, in some studies 50 percent in the last

50 years or so. [Page 378] And-#              "Chis can only be explained by the

damage to the reproductive capabilities related to chemical and radiation

poisoning. In light of this, some of the extra-terrestrial experiments that

seemed genuine can be understood in terms of their interest in our genetic

material [Page 367], our physiology, in the genetic material of other animals

and of plant species which appear to be monitored. And               ndicatethat
                                                                              806
i\   they are attempting to adjust for these damages, or at least keep track of

     them to see how severe they are becoming. Besau,'efat some point, we

     could reach a threshold where a quantum change would occur that could

     result in the extinction of our species. Many people feel that we're within

     approximately 100 years of that time fXnd in fact, we may be much closer

     than that. And so, the projects involving these life forms, Page 386] even

     if they may seem somewhat bizarre and misunderstood, may have

     extremely important purposes related to our ability to adapt to this planet

     and to compensate for the damage that we have done to this planet. This

     notwithstanding other considerations, such as the likelihood of massive geo-

     physical instability in the coming decades.


     So, all of these taken in toto, one can begin to see where the implications

     of the extra-terrestrial interface with Earth civilization may be fundamental

     to our very survival, or at least to our being able to prevent a rapid

     deterioration in the quality of the human biological species and the eco-

     system of the Earth. cn     r this reason, we repeatedly caution people not

     to jump to pejorative and paranoid conclusions about why these extra-

     terrestrials may be doing certain things, even if on the face of them they

     seem bizarre and frightening. Because we life in a bizarre and frightening

     time.
                                                                         807
And it may well be that we are viewed by this extra-terrestrial coalition as

being collectively mad [Page 380], because how else might you explain a

civilization in   onally 'n 100 years poisoning its environment, raping its

ecosystem, making large numberof species~which are beneficial to Earth

and to humanity, extinct   ausing massive destruction of the biosphere

of the atmosphere and       €-tt   ozone layer.     And beyond that, the

development of weapons of mass destruction in the tens of thousands

which are aimed at opposing humans, parties          hich could render this

planet a cinder floating through space.   We can forgive them if, perhaps,

they view us as a bit bizarre and crazy. I mean, really.       Yes. [Tape

stops/starts.]


                                                                            T
We have addressed that in a number of ways in the past few days. I'll just

say to you that no one can prove one way or the other, but the evidence

would suggest that they're certainly not hostile. If they were hostile, we'd 1
                                                                            I
be cooked already and would have been thousands of years ago.


And moreover, the best way to solve that enigma is to do what we are

recommending, and that is put teams of research diplomats out there to

establish an open dialogue with them from the world community so that we

really find out what the heck's going on. Ultimately that"sfour best way of

doing it, rather than going into endless speculations and paranoid ideation
                                                                           808

   related to the subject, which is what the civilian UFO community and the
                                       Imo'
   public at large loves to do:       to endlessly speculate and involve itself

   in paranoid belief systems.


   And, unfortunately, these questions could be debated until the cows come
                                     ~yL/
   home {n      n i       edy! A 'd'the point being that the best way of
   determining many of these enigmatic aspects of the phenomenon is by

   direct observation through empirical research, through real-time research

   and by the global commuityEtl       world community coming together and

7 saying, look, this is an important issue. Let's put together teams of people

   using the best minds we can and the best technologies and the most

   expansive view of reality possible to establish a relationship and a dialogue

   and a communication system between Earth and theseother life forms.

   That will resolve many of these questions.       A 1 6therwise, things will

   forever be debate© 'ithout any conclusive proof one way or the other. We

   simply share the assessments we have made based on direct perception,

   through research of the totality of the body of evidence and sightings, and

   through a comprehensive analysis of what would seem reasonable. And

   this certainly, there are many points that could be debated and disagreed

   with; but at this point no one can question that the best way to resolve

   many of these issues is to actually establish an open communication and

   dialogue with t                that is not controlled by a covert group that
                                                                          809

may be spinning their interpretation of it for certain self-sustaining reasons.

  ,that is our recommendation to the world community, so that many of

these points of debate can be resolved. Does that make sense? [Tape

stops/starts.]


Given the history on Earth of less-developed cultures being overrun wit

more developed cultures and therefore this resulting in the eventual

annihilation of the native culture, what might happen in the event that we

enter into more open relations with these advanced extra-terrestrial

civilization? Does that mean that our culture and civilization will simply

disappear or be overrun?


There are a couple of points here. First of all, culture and social situations

are always in a state of flux. And this is true not just in the area of the

Colonial times, but there have been migrations of people, sharing of

cultures, blending of traditions, since. e~vor~d3 sto and since recorded

histo&a~a since before recorded history. [i.e. Scottish kilts and bagpipes

actually derived from Greece, where soldiers wore skirts and made

music from animal stomachs.], So, that's a given that that is going to

happen. But we need to be careful that we do not anthropocentricly project

processes that have occurred on this planet in the Colonial era, in the era

of European conquest and exploration, with the current situation.
                                                                                  810

For example, no sooner had the European powers detected that there were

other lands, than they set upon conquering them;invading them,jand in

many cases exterminating the native people.                W    '-We see no such

corollary here. The extra-terrestrial life forms have been monitoring and

observing this planet for decades and perhaps for millennia.

segment of our planet, no continent, no country, no island has been overrun

by these life forms and have been seized and turned into their image, as

it were, as European conquerors did to, say, the New World. So, we see

here,     again,     evidence   of   extraordinary      restraint    on   their   part,

notwithstanding the pejorative and paranoid ideation of the majority of

civilian thinkers on this subject. And this is actually one of the larger proofs

of the fact that these life forms intend to interact with us in as gentle a

fashion as possible. Because certainly fey havepossessegfor a very long

fl     ,the technology to completely overrun the plane              iad t#e'-q~'that

intention. An&the point is¢ti{ey do not have that intention.


         rve    hac1-they desired to insidiously overrun the planet, they could

                                       years ago
               e that probably hundred of                       ave eIecteçktiot t

This is one of the better empirical proofs of the degree of restraint and

essential non-hostility of these life forms.


     e ainly, oweve       ,our culture, such as it is                  so diverse it's
                                                                           811

hard to say what is world culture - but Earth civilization and culture in the

late twentieth century as it begins to bridge more openly with these other

life forms will be impacted and will be changed. Just as the industrial

revolution changed most societies, u t--ads the post-industrial era and the

information age is transforming the planet, we can imagine that there will

be large changes in our culture from increasing levels of contact with extra-

terrestrial life forms. But this should not be something that causes ,a great

deal of anxiety, because this is the nature of evolution an.d--t           s to

change. No        6ihsi    i90 would like to cling to some mythical pa    ~# wiIIL
                                                                                     1
be distressing.


It doesn't mean either, that certain valuable aspects of Earth civilization will

simply disappear. We have, for example, traditions from 5,000 years ago

through Vedas to\he Vedasand             Vedanta which are extraordinarily

enriching to human civilization and which have survived the English Empire

conquering India;     t--the hfferent things. So, there are aspects of our

culture and civilization and of various peoples which are extremely beautiful

and which are likely to endure these and even greater changes and, in fact,

may enrich these extra-terrestrial civilizations. So, we should view this in

a certain degree of civilization of persisting, and then other aspects of it

being radically transformed and altered. But this, after all, is the nature of

human evolution and has been since humans           alked on the Earth.
                                                                         812

Q:     Maybe that's the, you t             out the` arts and music. .[Tape

stops/starts.]


                              tkr    J
We are going to enter a time whef'e the physicist will increasingly be a

mystic, and the mystic will increasingly be a physicist, and the artist will

increasingly be a scientist, and the scientist will increasingly be an artist.

`?`oa are cnterir   ._.[Tape-stomps/starts.]


The mega-theme of the next few hundred, or say, 500,000 years is that we

are entering into the time of oneness. And that's a very good-bilge fo the

next Chapter. And it's a little after     , we'd like to take a~ak [Ta~ie —'

stops/starts.]


Welt, we --like to een#intte--wit , f there are no further questions on the

implications of the detection and the interaction with extra-terrestrial
                                                         i
civilizations, 4  tnove on to the last segment which a Chapter on,

essentially,   futurist's view of the nexT100 years.
