{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T07:21:19Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 17339397, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304100651949551, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117138-project-starlight-book-chapter-9-pg-396a-512.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540633520000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/117138-project-starlight-book-chapter-9-pg-396a-512.pdf", "source_sha256": "df9d7a542a0964010dba1f58d61d8eb9b9aba284d4940d5a281494b0f9948f4f"}

CHAPTER NINE

     CSETI PROJECT: CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE FIFTH KIND

 INITIATIVE


 This Chapter is--on the-CSETrProj
                               t         Close Encounters of the Fifth

-ini#+atv~. From the previous discussions, it should be clear by now that one

 of the great needs is for people to come together to dialogue, analyze this

 issue, and to empower themselves to find o~ he truth about the extra-

 terrestrial question.


 The most powerful to do that\most accurate way, is to do real-time
                                                                            397

research, to actually go to where these objects are being seen, to where

their bases may be located, to where they have operations on-going and

attempt to establish within a framework of inter-species communication and

peace,~elations with these life forms.) The need for this cannot be over-

estimated, since reliable information on this subject is to scarce and the

prevalence of mythology, rumors, fantasy, and deliberate disinformation is

so great. There is an acute need for people to organize themselves into

research teams that can go out into the field, establish observations of
                                                                         n
these craft, but then take it one giant step further. It is a quantum lead

Ancf'to move it into a realm beyond passive observation into one of active

dialogue and active communication.


Up until this time, at least within the civilian community, the majority of

civilian efforts have been retrospective. In other words in the parlance of

medical and scientific research, the research has been looking backwards;

it has been taking cases, it's been analyzing data, i-las-beet interviewing

witnesses, whether they be pilots or astronauts or                    . And this

retrospective research, while valuable, is very limited in its utility and in how

much we can learn from it.       Because they are, by definition, research

attempts into things that have already happened. The sighting is over; it

happened a year ago, or two years ago, or 40 years ago.
                                                                            398

And yet, the world is a living laboratory that is interfacing with these extra-

terrestrial life forms. And while we may be interested in cases that occurred

in 1947 or 1954 for their historical .value and fef-heir evidential value, the

mother-lode of knowledge is right under our nos happening in the now.

Becauset hh es extra-terrestrial life forms are visiting this planet every single
           a


day. Somewhere on the planet today, as you read this, there are extra-

terrestrial spacecraft performing maneuvers, letting populations see them

as they fly over cities, engaging in research operations, etc. Does it not

then make sense to come together and form teams of people who have the

vision and the courage and the confidence to go out to where these objects

are being seen and attempt to do something more than just watch them?

      o actually say, 'Hello.       Stop for a while, and let's have a

communication, a dialogue.'


It sounds like an incredibly simple idea. And the most astonishing thing

about this subject is that it had not been done yet, up until the CSETI effort.

The fact that people could know that these life forms are visiting this planet

for 50 years and yet not organize themselves into teams to actually go out

and do real-time research, is astonishing.


Part of the reason for this is a practical question. Going out into the field,

traveling vast distances across oceans and continents, to reach areas
                                                                               399

   where these spacecraft are active, staying out all hours of the night under

    cold, rain, sleet, exhaustion. This requires more discipline and meté"effort

    than interviewing someone who saw something 40 years agc             his is the

coming of age of the civilian effort to investigate the extra-terrestrial visitors. J

           -egtt           traordinary amount of discipline and training that is

    unlike anything that would be involved in a retrospective study of cases or

    sightings.


    But I Think; tt   has bee     omething deepe functioning. An4i ias been

    eluded to and-mentioi4~d- reviously. And that is an innate human condition

    of fear of the unknown, a reluctance to put themselves in a situa ion where
                                                         !rrc.L
    they will have to grip with some totally foreign, in fa

   world, phenomenon. And so, we have hidden in retrospective tales and

   research.


    Going out to an area where thesextra-terrestrial spacecraft are being seen

   and making observation of them is nothing new. [contradiction ofnever

                                                                There have been

    sky-watch groups engaged in this kind of activity for 40 years,i    oradical~.

            teresting thing about-this, having interviewed a number of these
                                        ur-~-
   teams and members of the teams, is       find that when they finally do see

   one of these objects, they freeze and do nothing.
                                                                           400

I once asked a Belgian researcher during the massive UFO wave during

1989 through 1992 what their team did once they actually saw one of these

objects flying by, one of these massive, silent, several hundred
                                                               feet in

diameter, triangular craft. And they said, Well, nothing. And I said, W

next time, wave! Signal with a flashlight; say hello! Jump up and down; do

something to try to let them know that you see them. And that you would

like to communicate with them.        And a stunned look came over this

person's face andnsaid,,4ou know, we've never thought of that.


This story illustrates something about the human condition. And that is

when we are confronted with something totally unknown and out of this

world, the tendency is unless we have been trained deliberately otherwise,

is to freeze, to be simply in a state of suspended shock, or to run, or to sit

with our mouths hanging open. But we generally do not take the next step,

an intelligent step towards going towards it and trying to find out what it is.


There has been a story that's circulated for many years, that when

Christopher Columbus first landed in the New World, that          natives who

were on the beach did not even see the ships, even though they were very
              1jt)
nearby.     d' t,~lecause it was so foreign to their entire idea, tit the neuro-

physiology and psychology of it was that they completely screened out,
                                                                        401

blocked out, the fact that these huge Spanish galleons were floating right

off shore. And it wasn't until Christopher Columbus and his men walked

onto the beach and actually extended a hand and shook their hand, that

they came to grips with the fact that these foreign, completely strange
                      I
appearing and foreign visitors were there. N    ,,there are those bette han

I who can explain the psychology and perhaps neuro-physiology of that.


But the point is, is that there is something within the human condition that

requires specific training to overcome that tendency. The CSETI Project

has largely been designed to address that issue, amongsf'≤thers. Because

it is our assessment that these life forms have been knocking on our front

door and our back door, an 'our attic door and our basement door and

every door that they can find for at least 50 years in an intense way, and

have been awaiting an appropriate response. The operative word here is

'appropriate.' They've had a response, but it has been wildly inappropriate.


There has been denial, There has been debunking.           There has been

secrecy. They have been shot at. They have been vilified. They have

 ée~(fantasized. They have been mythologized. But they have not had an

appropriate response from the world community.         And that is what is

urgently needed.
                                                                          402

We would propose that the world community come together to explore how

that might be done. And we share here a prototype of what has been done

by a relatively small grass-roots group throughout the world to begin that

experiment.


The extra-terrestrial civilizations which have been visiting this planet

intensely for the last 50 years have engaged during various periods in what

are called 'UFO waves,' areas where they appear virtually every night or

several times a week for months and sometimes even for years. It is

astonishing that as a community of intelligent beings thaf we have not come

together to go to those areas and attempt to establish contact with them.


We have learned that there has been a covert operation attempting to do

this for quite some time. At a meeting in 1992 a National Security Agency

operative informed me that he had been part of a group attempting to do

what CSETI has achieved for at least 12 years, which is a euphemism for

a very long time. And he proceeded to share the fact that they had not had

very good success, and he was wondering why. And it was with some

trepidation that I had to inform him of the fact that he was in a little black

box called National Security, and that his motives which were geared solely

towards the acquisition of extra-terrestrial technology for the purpose of
                                                                          403

making better bombs and bombers and weapons, was moribund and wholly

inconsistent with a favorable extra-terrestrial response. He winced. And it

was as if a dagger had gone through his heart. And he said, "I know that

you are right." This is Ed Baines.


.And what-                        wa&4    t    oi    a mutual friend that we'd

fla~that he was very disturbed that we had freedom that he did not. And"
   r                                                                        ~
so, I say to people who ai; who feel that this is an insurmountable project

that covert operations with billions of dollars at their disposal while having

certain advantages in terms of reconnaissance and intelligence gathering,

are in a certain box which precludes them from taking this relationship very
   l /c)
far Whereas civilians, citizens of this world who have peaceful intentions

and motivations which are consistent with a sustainable and mutual

relationship between humans and these other life forms, are really at an

advantage. We need to view ourselves in that way and empower ourselves

del- see the potential that awaits us as a civilian world community.


The challenge of formulating teams of people to actually establish a

relationship with these life forms is great. We do not want to diminish the

logistical, theoretical, and other issues because those will be discussed

during the course of this Chapter. But the basic premise is something very

simple. And that i   W'e are here, the extra-terrestrial life forms are there,
                                                                         404

and frequently are here as well, landing on terra firma1 does it not make

sense to move from the position of denial or passive observation into a role

of active participation attempting to engage these life forms and their

spacecraft and their occupants in some type of relationship and dialogue?


For this reason, the term 'close encounter of the fifth kind' was created to

explain an entirely new category of encounters with these extra-terrestrials.

A close encounter of the fifth kind is when humans deliberately take the

initiative to interact with or communicate with, no matter how simply, with

these life forms and their spacecraft.    It is that simple.   It may be as

rudimentary as someone driving down a road and seeing a spacecraft that

is obviously not of human manufacture, and signaling their bright lights on

and        d the object stops, comes over, and signals back in the same

sequence. There are dozens of cases of this occurring. It is a simple

exchange. It may be ridiculed by people as simplistic, but it is an important

step. Because it is an attempt by a person to reach out to these occupants,

and they stop and take the time to answer back. Doesn't matter if there

was any substance to the communication. The fact that 'hello' was said

and an answer came back is profoundly important. It is a quantum leap in

these relationships.

The other types of close encounters which have been described:
                                                                         405

          '- Close Encounter of the First Kind: is a sighting of an extra-

      terrestrial spacecraft within 500 feet.

      (      Close Encounter of the Second Kind:        is a landing trace or

      electro-magnetic trace, some sort of physical trace that is left by one

      of these objects.

            Close Encounter of the Third Kind: (as everyone knows from

      Steven Spielberg's movie) is the sighting of one of the humanoids,

      or life forms, usually in association with a spacecraft, but not always.

            Close Encounter of the Fourth Kind: is when someone is actually

      taken on board a craft, and while this is rare, there are a few cas s

      where it appears this has happened.


Then, a Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind is the first category that is not

passive. If you look at the other four, you see that they are essentially

passive categories, even a Close Encounter of the Fourth Kind, for the most

part. This is a category where the humans take the initiative and in a

cooperative spirit attempt to interact with or have an exchange with these

life forms, their spacecraft, the occupants on board.


It is an important new category, because it is a new concept. It is a new

paradigm of interaction that goes from the usual passive modality or

retrospective modality to one of real-time, proactive communication. And
                                                                           406

as such, it is a milestone in the development of the relationship. Because

it conveys to the extra-terrestrial life forms that we are reaching the point
                                                                                   _y
of maturity where we are willing to end our denial and endw2 ef5 our passive

observationnd step into a state of empowerment, where we will say, ~we

are capable of communicating with you and we wish to communicate with

you. This is a very significant statement for us to make to ourselves, and

for us to make to these life forms.      Our sense is that they have been

waiting for this statement, not at the barrel of the gun, but out of the minds

and hearts of a sincere attempt to say hello, for at least 40 or 50 year
                 J
an intense


Frequently, the question will be asked, why don't these life forms land on

the White House lawn and just get it all over with? Aside from the fact that

they would be shot down by artillery, anti-aircraft missiles that are

surrounding that facility, it's an extremely simplistic view of the question.

Because they have let the world know, even though we have denied it to

each other in terms of sharing information, that we are not alone and that

they are here. And it is our responsibility, not their's, to take the next step.

It is utterly a state of mass co-dependency to look to the extra-terrestrials

and wonder why they're not doing everything for us_ or why don't they land

on the White House lawn? The opportunity is there. They know that we

know that they are there. So it is our responsibility to take the next step
                                                                           407

and say hello back.     This is a sign of maturity, the maturation in this

embryonic relationship occurring between humans and these life forms.

And it is an important vision that the civilian population on this planet should

grasp.                  can be done with relatively simple means by groups

as small as     or_people in a rather successful, dramatic              t times

successful, fashion.    We do not need the permission from the military

industrial complex to do this. It would be preferable, of course, that the

institutions of our planet come together in a spirit of global cooperation to

achieve this goal. And it is our fervent hope that indeed they will do so at

some point in the relatively near future.      But at this time, pending the

development of such institutions and such capabilities, people who consider

themselves citizens of this world have the right to enter into what can be

called "citizens' diplomacy,"    where groups of people can take it upon

themselves to go to areas where these life forms have been observed or

spacecraft have been seen and attempt to establish some degree of

communication and contact. This cannot be done too often or by too many

people, so long as it is done in a spirit of cooperation and peace and open-

mindedness.


Indeed, it has been our experience in the last 4 years of this experiment

that the great limiting factor in all of this is the intention of the members of

the research team. The Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind Initiative is an
                                                                         408

attempt to put teams of people together to go to the field and to establish

some degree of communication and contact with these life forms. And in

order for that to happen, particularly if it is a relatively low-tech and

unfunded effort, the intentions of the group need to be extremely clear.


Is it likely, for example, that an extra-terrestrial civilization which has

traveled through dozens and perhaps hundreds of light years to take the

time from whatever mission they are engaged in, to interact with a group of

people who are a mere curiosity seekers or who would like to get

photographs to sell to the "National Enquirer" for $500,000. Or, to capture

some of their technology so that they could invent a device and patent it

and become fabulously wealthy dike the next Bill Gates? I think not. And

it is quite clear from the experiences that we have had that these life forms

are able to remotely sense what the intentions of each member of the group

is. And I think that these intentions are rather transparent.


And therefore, rather than concerning ourselves so much of why they are

here, in this Chapter we want to take a good look at why we are here and

why we might want to be on a research team to go out and establish

communications with these life forms. Because ultimately, we cannot do

too much about the fact that they are here, but w  h ve total control over
our own motives and our own ethics and ouLovfS morals. And so let us
                                                                            409

pay some attention to that.


There are sustainable and non-sustainable reasons for engaging in this kind

of research. Examples of non-sustainable motives or reasons have just

been listed. But they also include militaristic reason        reason 4iat are

totally related to selfish, personal interests, personal and exploitive financial

gain, etc.   These are moribund reasons to begin something of this

significance. After all, if you wish to have a good relationship with your

next-door neighbor, you view them not as a source of something to exploit,

but as a source of friendship and companionship and shared mutual

interests. If we wish to establish friendship and a sustainable, healthy

relationship between human civilization .and humanity and extra-terrestrial

civilizations, we need to be very clear on what our goals and purposes

should be. Not that this precludes a certain degree of enlightened self-

interest, because there should be mutual benefit from any such relationship.

But it should not be unilateral, and it must not be exploited.


It must be appalling for these extra-terrestrial life forms to see the general

state of human motives and morals in this arena. Because in the covert

world the interests have been largely, if not exclusively, centered on the

acquisition of extra-terrestrial technology so that there might be unilateral,

nationalistic, dominance both in terms of military superiority-    .wëconomic
    ZL -zt
                         ,


           v


                     T
                ja


           IL


M     - /..,
                                                                         410

superiority. These are hardly healthy basis for relationship. They are

          and are, by definition, dead on arrival.

Within .the_civilian com~munity~the tabloid approach to the question, the

 ttempt to engage in personal and financial gain and exploitation, the desire

to acquire information and technology for individual or corporate financial

gain, a mere sense of irresponsible curiosity uncoupled to any greater

vision of how important hisearly relationship may be, these are all non-

 ustainable or moribund civilian motivations. And the ones that we are left

with that appear to be sustainable from any sort of intrinsic strength

perspective, would be ones that are attempting simply establish an open

channel of communication based on universal principles of mutual benefit

and sustainability between our people and these other life forms. That

should be the first step rather than going in like the gang-busters saying,

yes, let's establish contact and immediately start coveting their technology

or trying to mine some sort of unilateral gain from the relationship. It would

be much healthiersimplyto beginjto sa      hjello; and to beght r some degree

of communication, arid some deg        -8rexchange of perspective. This is

a much more sustainable motive for entering into this relationship. But it

does not preclude, as this relationship becomes more open and more
                   n
reliably established ofh ving specific, and-I--might sâ spectacular benefits

for the world of humanity. But even those should be with an eye towards

mutual benefit and particularly towardsenefitfor the world of humanity that
                                                                        411

do not redound to only one nation or to one class or to one subculture.

Anything that would accrue in way of benefit between Earth civilization and

these other life forms, any technology, any new knowledge, must be

dedicated to the benefit of humanity in its entirety and not to unilateral,

nationalistic, or corporate benefit. It is our assessment that unless these

basic principles are followed, these extra-terrestrials will not cooperate.

They will not play ball. Nor should they. We would hope that they would

be wise enough to avoid any such communication and contact with a group

or groups which do not have these principles in place. Because otherwise,

the consequences will be that of further de-stabilization of our planet, not

of enhancing it.

(END TAPE 8, SIDE B)
                                                                       412

TAPE 9, SIDE A:

(A continuation of the Chapter on the Close Encounters of the Fifth Kind.)

The CSETI Project has been an experiment to assemble what we call

working groups or research teams centered around the premise that these

extra-terrestrial spacecraft are present in our atmosphere and can be

interacted with by teams who use a set of protocols and a set of principles

to assist them in their goals. The Project has been a grass-roots, largely

unfunded effort involving several hundred people around the world working

in various research teams for varying lengths of time on a volunteer basis.

It has been divided into two main efforts:


       © One ac- the local Working Groups, which are research teams

      based in a geographic area, such as Denver, Canada, or Mexico, a

      local region sucb4s-Los Angeles.

      ()   And then there is a senior research team called the Rapid

      Mobilization Investigative Team (RMIT), which is a type of rapid

      deployment team which, on hearing of a significant wave or series of

      sightings or encounters will assemble and go to that location. We

      have had numerous RMIT expeditions to England, Belgium, Mexico,

      and the United States.


Again, these are volunteers who have put their time and effort and their
~ ~w   ,lam-e:~
                                                                              413

funds into attempting to test a hypothesis, as it were. And that is the idea

that these life forms are here; and that if a team of humans come together

with a core of principles mentioned previously, and using a set of protocols

that can facilitate an encounter, thath    y will take the time to come over

and td at least have preliminary contact with the research team.


The basis for this research goes back a numbe~oLyea            ana 4ny personal

experiences as well as a retrospective survey of CE-5s that have occurred

over a period of about 0 or 50 year. It is not well-known to most people,

but, becai they h i not been called Close Encounters of the Fifth Kind

when they were described, that Close Encounters of the Fifth Kind have

been spontaneously occurring since certainly the 50            not before.


For example, in 1959 on June 26, Father William O'Keyer Gill at the Voenai
                                                                  4 -_„   r
                                                          -1
Mission in Papua, New Guinea, with 38 other pep e) saW1 0ver a '3-hour

period an object, flying disk, brilliantly lit, with 4 humanoids .out on a deck-

like structure outside the craft. On the following day, on thel27~th of June

at 6:02 p.m., Father Gill and others observed a large mother ship with 4

humanoids on the outside deck and two other UFOs in the distance. Father

Gill, this time, thought he would go ahead and try to initiate contact by

simply waving at the humanoids. And guess what? They waved back.

And his is a simple, but elegant and touching example of the kind of
                                                                       414

interaction that can occur.


Interestingly, it became more involved when the Missionpone of the boys
                                i
at the Mission was sent to    get a flashlight. Anc` hey began to signal in

Morse Code to the UFO. And then his elicited a response where the

humanoids were seen waving their arms in a pendulum-like motion in

response to the Morse Code signals; and this again, by manyi many

witness as well as this "Priest.   This-caused tf e UFO then to advance

towardsihe group, but-tt11Pn__Tsto_pped after about 30 seconds of moving
              ~ /~/~ ~
toward 'them. Ar*d after aboutZor      more minutes, the humanoids went

below this deck and apparently went back inside the craft. .      the UFO

stayed over the Mission for at least another hour.


Now, his report was researched by Dr. J. Allen t4é1nig and     hers. And it

was found     be credible, multiple witness, ahe     ther O'Keyer Gill was

never able to, was never proven t9-hive been fabricating any of this. And

it was a very excellent -r Ultiple-witness report under very good lighting

conditions, because it was not exactly dark when this occurred; it was late

in the afternoon.


This is a good example of what we call a Second Degree Close Encounter

of the Fifth Kind. Second Degree meaning that the UFO was already there,
                                                                           415
and someone took the initiative to interact with it. This is in distinction from

a Primary, or First Degree Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind when no UFO

is in the area; but a series of techniques are used to try to vector or guide

a spacecraft into a research site. That being a primary event; these of

course being much more rare for reasons that should be obvious.


The Second Degree CE-5s, or Secondary CE-5s, are well-established in the

literature.   And we have collected dozens of these accounts.
                                             --;.-s
ntetest otbrevity-ford               wilt-not go through thescnow;utw~~
                                                             LL   .
have t        d- iced.) lwould like to say, however; th t' 1 ey fall into three

basic categories in terms of how they have been precipitated, or what

stimulus has caused a response back from the extra-terrestrials.

         1)      The first, we just mentioned, is visual contact with light

         signaling or waving or something of this sort.      There are many

         dozens of these sort of events from all over the world, where people

         have seen one of these objects and havetaken time to signal to

         them.    And they have signalled bac~ contrary to what the

         conventional wisdom would be, that they would have no interest and

         would not take the time. In terms of First Degree Close Encounters

         of the Fifth Kind mediated by light, we find that-there are multiple

         accounts where large lasers have been in use and which have

         causedY pparently JFOs to be attracted to the area from just either
                                                                   416

curiosity or as a way of conveying-to--peo~1e that this is something

that would get their attention. It is not known exactly why it worked,

but it has been found on more than one occasion to be effective.

This has occurred at outdoor rock concerts; it has occurred at

opening of bank buildingsyit has-occurreduring other entertainment

events. (And we have several of these that have happened being

mediated by very powerful lights or by lasers. These, also, we have

written up and wall-be4n-the Chapter. The interesting thing about

this is that light is added to other modalities that have been found to

be effective.


2)     The other modality that has been found to be effective is the

use of tones, or sound.        And,the CSETI Research Team has

acquired, with the assistance of Collin Andrews from "Crop Circlè
                                                       /


research background and Lindy Tucker, a series of tones that have

been recorded under extraordinary circumstances; and which are,

apparently, of extra-terrestrial origin.
                                  -
        A) The first type of toneraie,a beeping tone which have been
                           vL
directly recorded off of spacecraft while they have been in line sight
                   ,cam
of people. And these beeping tones, which have been recorded in

Canada, United States, and elsewhere while these craft were seen,

have been analyzed by Prof. Steerman at the University of Texas,
                                                                      417

      Austin, and elsewhere and are found to not be related to any natural

      or man-made known sounds. Moreover, the pedigree for a number

      of these tones is excellent in Solar as they were recorded while one

      or more people were observing the spacecraft and r admitting
                               J
      [spacecraft emitting?] " this beeping tone.     On more than one

      occasion the beeping tone has been noted to be conducted through

      electrical circuitry inside of houses and buildings; and these tones
                                                                             e
      have subsequently been recorded. We have six cases of these                —

      beeping tones.

              B. The other type of tone is a sort of trilling sound which-w'--
            rx~i1                                                       /
      recorded inside a crop circle and has actually been recorded more --

      than onceaa                   hap oru4n southern England

      crop~circ
            cl le are s. These have been analyzed as well and are not

      thought to be any natural or manmade sound. And when they are

      reduced in tef velocity, their Speed, you can hear a dual beeping
                  7
      qualityto4 or two-tone quality to the soand;rwhich is very unusual.

      These tones along with the ones that have been recorded

      spacecraft are also used to project into space using both sound-

      wave and radio-wave signal to serve as`a sort of beacon to the ET

      craft which may be able to receive them.


The use of lights is something which has both primary and secondary value.
                                                                           418

Very high-powered lights, we feel, may attract the ET craft if they are in the

general vicinity; and the beeping tones, likewise, may serve as a beacon,

because we reason that if they pick up a tone that is of their origin being

projected from a ground site on Earth, that they will think perhaps some

Earth people are attempting to reach them by using their own tone. So, the

CSETI research protocols involved using three basic modalities: The first

being light, the second being sound, and the third being, remarkably,

thought.


              3. This third modality is the source of the greatest amount of

       confusion on this entire project and also the greatest source of

       ridicule and debunking. But, as has been previously mentioned, it

       also appears to be the most efficacious leg of the protocol. Andre--
                         A                                             A
       we have found by looking at a number of cases retrospectively that ----

       a number of people have engaged in Close Encounters of the Fifth

      Kind quite spontaneously by nothing more than thought.               For

      example, there are cases, well-documented in J. Allen Heinig`s book,

      Night Siege, where individuals who were seeing a large delta or

       triangular-shaped craft will simply think the thought that they wish

       that it would stop and come over so that they could see it better.

      And immediately the object will stop, spin on its axis .38O° and then

      come directly over to the people who have h t this thought. This
                                                                           419

         without any verbal expression or signaling or anything of the sort.

         It is quite obvious from these sorts-~f cases, as has been previously

         mentioned, that these extra-terrestrial life forms have a technological

         interface with what we call thought, whatever that is, that is very,

         very accurate. No , this may sound magical, again, to humans. But
                                                            * `
         we have to keep in mind that technology tfat'is several hundred

         thousand years advanced from ours will, in some instances, look

         magical,.if ►aot in mot The use, therefore, of coherent thought in an

         environment of non-linear consciousness is an important part of the

         CSETI research protocol, although it is not an exclusive one. The

         technique itself is called coherent thought sequencing, which we

         abbreviate CTS. And.i"coherent thought sequencing is a specific

         technique which was essentially discovered in 1973 under

         circumstances I am not sure I want to go into [Page 337], and which

         have been proven to be very useful.


Keep in mind that/(he research team, the first premise and the foundation

for t~      uccess, is to be          this as a group of people with a clear
                                                    C74 }
purpose and clear principles,metivating why they are engaging in the

research to establish peaceful relations with extra-terrestrial civilizations.
     ~~ ,, /12L'-
And th Wthe protocols themselves are used with the understanding that

their success is greatly related to the integrity of-that teal      purpose of
                                                                             420

the team, the ethics and tt      morals guiding the team members. And that

in this entire scenario,, then, we look at the whole project being a wholistic

one, where not just any given or single protocol is effective, nor just the

protocols in their totality,   it that the totality of the peoples' consciousness,

their motivations, their purpose in being there, together with the protocols

seem to be the ingredients that result in success. Here again, I am going

to return to the theme that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts,

and in this regard, the whole being the total picture of why the team is there

and the type of protocols that are being used.


Now, I would like to emphasize here that these are experimental protocols,
                                 -    L4
and they have actually gone under a number of levels of revision and
                                      AAP .L - '
evolution and innovation over the las _ or 4 years. They are very simple

in their basic premise. And that is, if a team of researchers re out in an

area where it is likely that UFO activity will be observed, that by using

lights, tones that are of extra-terrestrial origin, as well as the coherent

thought sequencing that they will increase the likelihood of being able to

guide a spacecraft into a site, and to precipitate a landing event, and

eventually an on-board encounter.


I would like to emphasize that the goal of this project is not simply to sight

a UFO~or to film on      or to photograph one. The goal is to convey to these
                                                                            421

visitors, first, a sense of welcome and a sense of a communication that is

clear that we would like to enter into some type of relationship, some type

of contact with them in a direct way; and that we would encourage them to

take the time and to respond. The project is geared very heavily in the

direction of leading i4 " o a landing and a boarding event, where a core of

researchers will go on board one of these spacecraft and have a direct

meeting with these visitors and, possibly, will leave the planet for a period

of time on a research mission with their people. To this end, there is an
                                                                 2
extensive amount of training and discussion that goes into what

things`might be expected,~the types of questions that we should initially be

engaged in, and what-have-you.


Naturally, this is an experiment and a dynamic process that we recognize
                                             C?t
is dealing with more unknowns than knowns.~Pnd for that reason, we have

a very flexible attitude towards'`what might need to be done and what kind

jif adjustments and changes would have to take place. It's a fact that any

such effort of thins       so pioneering that it will be evolving even as the

event takes place. You cannot go to the Harvard Library or the New York

Public Library and pick c         book off the shelf on establishing inter-

planetary relations and protocols for establishing extra-terrestrial contact.


It is critically important in looking at this that we understand that one of the
                                                                        422

premises of the project is that we do not want to assume too much about

how the communication or how the encounter might take place. People

may fantasize that it will be something that Steven Spielburg movie. But

then again, it may not be.     It may be something very differen{~using

technologies and principles or even laws of the Universe not yet fully

understood by Earth civilization in the late twentieth century.


The concept of communicating with these life forms is one which is complex

and which requires a very broad view ertawhat the potential types of
                                   r

communication wobØpe. And it runs the gamut from simple signalling to

the object to a full, on-board meeting to intermediate stages where extra-

terrestrial spacecraft may be hovering nearby while a team of people on the

ground are sensing 'remote-viewing of the occupants and having a

conversation or an exchange of information. The CSETI team actually has

succeeded in the latter type of very close encounter resulting in exchange

of information and views. This will be gone into subsequently.


The prejudices that we tend to have about how communication happens,

that it will be through a micro-wave or a radio wave,or a TV or through

voice conversation, needs to be tempered by the fact that these extra-

terrestrial civilizations appear to have, as mentioned earlier, technologies

that interface with consciousness or mind and thought. And that it may be
                                                                           423
more likely that they will interface in that fashion rather than through micro-

wave signals or a telephone call or a radio wave. And, for this reason, the

CSETI research teams, given the fact that there is abundant empirical

evidence that these life forms are interfacing with mind and thought,1use

this extenswe+y and are prepared to use it extensivel -'in any 1

communication that may occur, even while the object is in close proximity.


It is even more important to utilize these principles when the object is at

some remote distance in deep space and has been detected by the team.

But even when there is a close proximity and perhaps a personal

encounter, the likelihood is that the communications could take place in

ways that are, frankly, unconventional to our way of thinking or

communication.


Referring back now to the Chapter on Space, Time and Mind [Page 102,

TO BE INSERTED], it should be recognized that civilizations which have

travelled   through   inter-stellar   space   and   which,    therefore,   are

communicating back to their home planets through inter-stellar distances,

will not be using the electro-magnetic spectrum. It is too slow. No one can

afford to take 200 years to communicate back to your home base. And for
                                                                           424

this reason, it is almorequirement of star-faring civilizations that they

evolve trans-luminal technologies.      Technologies which by-pass or go

beyond the barrier of the speed of light.       Ante       most effective 'a~d—

powerful technology in that regard is consciousness or mindt because

thought is not bound by the speed of light. And, in fact, as was mentioned

earlier in the research, a bit of information can be received before it is sent,

simply because mind, on its non-local or nor -linear basis is escaping not

only the constraints of space but also the barrier of time. For this reason,

even though it is admittedly cons' .zrsial and perhaps on the cutting edge

of what is considered research protocol, the CSETI research teams are

utilizingin an active way I on-linear technologies using mind and thought

and the expanded spectrum of consciousness known as non-local nor
                    j1i i
universal mind. And these are being used both in advance of a research

expedition and during the research expedition in various ways.


                  COHERENT THOUGHT SEQUENCING

A discussion of t1te coherent thought sequencing cannot occur without the

reader having a firm grasp of the nature of the non-local or non-linear

universe. And it is important that the reader refer back to the Chapter on

that (Page 348), if there is any lack of clarity. Because what we will be

discussion text is the practical application of the non-linear paradigm.
                                                                          425

It appears that these extra-terrestrial spacecraft have on-going technological

systems able to receive communication input from thought alone..._ The,

example cited previously of individuals seeing these craft and

them and then respbnding precisely, is one example of this. But the CSETI

research project has amassed many other events that establish that this is

functioning in a very precise fashion.


                 (Team Coherent-Thought-Sequencing ?)

With this in mind, we have put together a concept of a Team Coherent-

Thought-Sequencing, wherein the entire team experiences the silent state

of mind, which has been called non-linear or non-local, and while in that

state beginning to engage in a series of coherent sequence projections to

guide a spacecraft from space or from some distant point into the research
                   ti
site. The efficacy olthis technique is wholly dependent on the ability of the

members of the research team to access this 'universal translator,' if you

will, or this non-linear aspect of mind or consciousness. Failure to be able

to access that essentially reduces the yield or effisac~of this technique to

almost zero, particularly if the goal is primary vectoring or primary CE-5

research.


Parenthetically, if the team isn't near an area where these craft are actively

maneuvering, then the requirement of non-local mind accesses~I       serious.
                                                                              426
Because if the individual is able to project a thought directly to where the

craft is, it is likely that they will be able to pick it up and respond if they are

inclined   tgs
                 jaoUas_a;they are always2ino1nedfout-if- hey-are inclined to.


But in 'primary vectoring' as we call it, the group's ability and individual's

ability to access non-local mind is verb"very important.            And for this

purpose, the team members ar encouraged to undergo extensive training

in meditation and meditative techniques that permit them to access this

state of consciousness. Once that state of consciousness is established

cfter a number of minutes of silence, the team then engages, quietly, in the

coherent thought sequencing itself.


The coherent thought sequencing actually begins once that state of non-

linear mind is accessed. The coherent thought sequencing then enables

the individual, through the faculty of non-local mind, to remote-view distant

areas in deep space. And in the event that they are able to see an extra-

terrestrial spacecraft or life form, to then convey directly to that spacecraft

and to the occupants the location of the team as follows:


       The individuals show, visually, through non-local mind, this is not a

       visualization, but an actual remote-view showing of the extra-
                                                                         427

       terrestrials the galaxy known as the Milky Way and then the Solar

       System where our Sun and our planets are located. They then
                                                        A
       project, zoom in, as it were, on the planet Earth

       continent where the research team is located, and--then the region of

       the continent, and therrthe precise area. This is most effective if it

      is not done through just visualization, but through actually remotely
                                                /


       viewing it. In other words the [each?) individual, while silently in a

       state of non-local mind, is actively viewing deep space and the

       spacecraft and._ate4iS J" then showing these spacecraft and their

      occupants exactly where on the planet           • the group is9 ace --

      located, down to a few square meters; to within a few meters of

      where the team is. This is done repeatedly over a number of hours,

      at times, while other members of the team may be using high-

      powered lights, and projecting these signals, beeping tones out into

      space both in   an   auditory and over radio signals.


It is, admittedly, an unusual approach. But, it has worked. And so what we

suggest to people is to look at this with an open mind and consider the fact

that if these life forms utilize thought as easily as we utilize micro-waves

and radio waves (and it appears that this is the case), that this type of

approach would be very effective.
                                                                       428

The coherent thought sequencing along with the use of high-powered lights

and tones have increased the yield of the RMIT expeditions to nearly 100

percent, in fact, 100 percent.       The RMIT has never been deployed

anywhere when%ht ere has not been a significant Close Encounter of the
               /7,/                                             -;
Fifth Kind. ,9r#Q,i7`
                    iis s a remarkable achievement and way~~~      the

probability of it being chance encounters because the team is in an area

where UFOs are being seen. On many of these, it is involved very close-

range, near-landing events; including repeated signaling to the craft in a
                        v

coherent way, where the team will send a signal to the craft. Say, two

flashes and off, and three flashes and off; and then the craft will respond

precisely in the same sequence, At that point, we have what we call a

'lock-on,' where both in consciousness and through light we see them and

they see us. And once that has occurred, we know that we are having a

Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind.


During some of these events, members of the team who are especially well

trained at remote viewing and remote telemetry into the spacecraft have

been able to have direct and precise conversations with the commander

[page 192], or pilot, or leader of that team on board that craft.      This

happened very distinctly in the Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind in 1993 in

Mexico near the volcanic zone, where three members of the team were

able to have a prolonged conversation through remote viewing with the
                                                                       429

occupant.


The basis for much of this success seems to be the fact that the team is

willing to, first of all, put itself into a face-to-face encounter with the

unknown without fear and with the principles mentioned above in place.

      econdly, to be able to have an open mind about how these

communications might take place. And to utilize non-linear technologies,

which while being the focus of many jokes back on Earth, appear to be -

taken very seriously by advanced extra-terrestrial life forms that are

traveling through inter-stellar distances.


During the actual coherent thought sequencing, frequently members of the

team will have a direct remote view, or 'over-ride' as it is called, of a

spacecraft or an occupant. These can be very strong and very precise.

And it is not unusual for multiple members of the team to simultaneously at

the same momet~"have a remote-view or over-ride vision of the exact same

spacecraft and the exact sefflé occupants of the craft. This has happened

on numerous occasions. And when this occurs, it appears that there is a

high degree of likelihood of a subsequent, significant Close Encounter of

the Fifth Kind within the area of the team's activity.


It would be also important to admit that prior to these research team trips
                                                                          430

or in between research expeditions, members of the team have experiences

which are non-traditional that include pre-cognitive dreams and other remote

ways of sensing information that lead the team into an area where a close

encounter occurs. In 1993, prior to the expedition to the volcanic zone of

Mexico, I had the personal experience of having,.precisely'days prior to

the major CE-5 there, a lucid pre-cognitive dream. And in this dream,'

.wb1ch was-led, fully awake within the dream, full living color, the moon

was in a certain phase. And we were in a terrain foreign to me and which

did not seem to make sense, because since I knew that we were soon

going to be going to Mexico, I had a preconceived idea of it being desert_-..

and what-not. And this was a very green area of forrest and mountain

region. As it turned out, that's precisely where we ended up going. And           -

the pre-cognitive dream was so accurate, that the phase of the moon of the

extraordinary close encounter that was seen in the dream is exactly the
                                    c~
phase of the moon and the clarity of the sky the night of this major Close

Encounter of the Fifth Kind on February 1, 1993.


Now, the likelihood that that was just a coincidence is almost zero because

of the specificity of the terrain, the timing, the moon phase, which daring the

  gYtwbtef his dream occuqedI did not know what the phase of the moori.

was the~%or what it would be when we would undertake this trip. There are

so many points of correlation, even the nature of the encounter that
                                                                        431

occurred in the pre-cognitive dream was virtually identical to what occurred

there on the site one week later.


p%iis       is not to overemphasize this particular type of obtaining

information, but simply to say that it is one form    ebtaini - information.

It may be that we hear from military or police authorities, or from civilian

press accounts that a major event is happening somewhere in a precise

location, and that is just as useful. But it's also true that.~members of the

team have repeatedly had remote-view events, pre-cognitive dreams, and

other types of/paranormal (so-called), non-linear experiences involving --

consciousness prior to a high-level Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind. Ands     —

for this reason, we take this type of information-gathering tool very

seriously. Because it appears to have a high degree of reliability.


Once again, it can only be considered presumptive until it is objectively

verified by a whole team of people. And none of these forms of gathering

information arconsidered to be completely 100 percent. But, certainly, if

multiple members of a team receive information about a close encounter in

an area through a remote sense or through a pre-cognitive dream, the

CSETI RMIT takes this very seriously and will frequently act on it, so long

as the source is considered reliable and stable.
                                                                          432
                             THE TEAM FACTOR

Getting beyond the initial phase of a close encounter, such as a fly-over or

a hover with the signalling, requires that the team s --extremely well
                 l' '<'_Q~
. unctiopdag:   nd_th1s-seetie►fi-is-going- to-be-called "The _Team_Eacfo '."


Whether people can function together well is a very important

how successful this endeavor can be.


As an emergency-room physician who works with an entire team of people
                                          7
anytime there is a true life-threatening4gtr       y 6r massive multi-system
trauma, I appreciate how important every member of the team is. Because

it doesn't matter how brilliant the physician is, if you do not have a

competent person in the form of nursing support or X-ray or laboratory or

respiratory-therapy support.    And so, the totality of-te_team and the

functioning of the team is what is very, very important. This team approach

to both problem solving and research is something which is relatively

foreign to most people's experience, but which is critically important to the

success of CSETI research efforts. There is a direct correlation to the

degree of integration, function, unity, communication within the team and

the degree to which the Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind will take place.

By this I mean, teams which seem to have a low to moderate degree of

function in terms of team coherence, usually have very little or no success
                                                                                    433

at this.      It appears that these extra-terrestrial life forms, through their

technological ability to remote view and remote sense individuals and -

groups of individuals, are unwilling to interact too intimately with a group of

people who do not have their 'stuff together. This makes sense; because

if you think of it, the risk to their own person and their own mission of

interacting with a group of people who are discordant, poorly organized,

chaotic, and perhaps to some degree out of control, is too great for them

to   risk   and will cause them to be reluctant to move forward in any sort of

dramatic way. The functioning of the CSETI research teams, then, is based

on a concept of high degree of coherence and interchange-ability of role.

And we will discuss he functions in a minute                      hat-the most essential
                                                          /


                                                    :,.


                                                              i


aspect of this is the ability of the team to function as a unit in a coherent

and consultative fashion and in a way that is well organized and without the

usual chaos that groups of people frequently emanate.


This effort, of course, is assisted by the entire group, initially on the

research side engaging in coherent thought sequencing and, prior to the

coherent thought sequencing, the experience of non-locality of mind.

Because there is a sort of wave propagation effect that takes place when

multiple people engage in that type of activity together, and the whole really

is greater than the sum of the parts. And so there is a team consciousness

that evolves.
                                                                             434

 Now, what's interesting abut this is that various reports regarding these

 extra-terrestrial life forms indicate that they frequently are in group-

 consciousness function; i.And that they function very well in teams and as
                                                                               J
 groups. Not-to say that-they--don't have individuality; they certainly do. But

 that it appears to be that they are highly functional in their team process

 and in the sense of a group mind. And s        ' the fact that research teams,
 such as what CSETI is envisioning, would also have the ability to function

 well in a group mind seems to resonate with them and result in a higher

 likelihood that they will want to interact with the team of research/diplomats.


(From
   om    functional point of vie1 notwithstanding the value that the extra-

 terrestrials may find in all of this, it is critically important that the team be

 able to work well together under potentially stressful, and even bizarre,

 circumstances. Because, what we are really asking people to do is to go

 out to remote areas in the middle of the night, frequently, and frequently

 under adverse environmental conditions in areas where there have been

 frequent close encounters with non-human extra-terrestrial life forms and
              ;L4LL. t u Svc
 spacecraft and to deliberately engage in protocols to vector or guide these

 spacecraft into a close encounter with the team. Now, this is asking a great

 deal of volunteer humans who are, quite frankly, doing this on a basis of

 experimentation and delving into the unknown. The greatest safety for the

 team, therefore, is that they are able to connect -     this degree of reliance
                                                                              435

on each other and team function. But beyond that, and perhaps more

fundamental to at; that they are able to tap into this non-linear aspect of

mind, this transcendent aspect of self, which is very calm, which--is-very

stable, very clear, and which (as has been said before by Krishna on the

battlefield with Arjuna [Page 318]) is beyond fear. To the extend that one -

can access that state, to that extent one will be able to function clearly with

what has been called 'flow consciousness' under extraordinarily difficult

situation orLunder~t least conditions that are unusual and unknown.


To illustrate this, perhaps an opposite example is useful Antl .during one

of our early RMIT expeditions to England, we had-'a member of the team,
   ,/
not-with-standing her claims to the contrary, was simply not ready for this
                      ,
type of event. And tetwJ s            g her doctorate in psychology, was

apparently not able to maintain a degree of calmness and stability during
                                                                 ,,//
a very high-level Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind.        No          uring this

particular event, there were four members of the research team on site,

_aftel` there had been a rainstorm on an 1,800-acre farm in             southern

England area near Alton Barnes. An&a number of the members of the

team had left because of the rain and it was quite late, this was around

midnight. Four members remained behind.


REFER TO THIS REPORT THAT WILL BE INCLUDED, AT LEAST PART
G~eO—' oxCJ ;J.   Gv c fl
                                                                              436

   OF IT, IN THIS CHAPTER.


   Once we were on-site just before the members of the team that were

   remaining, a member of the team which was in a car just behind me. And

   this particular team member started banging on her window, actually on my

   window, saying,

              ere is a bloody spaceship coming through the field."

   And I said, yes, and I'm Santa Claus, and rolled down the winpw,
                         ,-/.
.—looked and here was- abdtif 150='foot' diameter cpacPcra           -feetofff t

  _ground in the same field we_were in, coming towards


   Well, I was elated, excited, thrilled; but our colleague was a little less so

i4 and-was actually terrified. We signalled to this spacecraft, and it repeatedly
   signalled back to us and then started moving towards us. It came within a

   few hundred yards of our location and was unmistakable close encounter.

   Extraordinary. Now, the interesting part of this,which illustrates the question

   of an individual's ability to remain calm: This person and. to a lesser extent) }—
                                                               c,
   one other person on the team really came unglued) And to use a good

   term 'decompensated.' Ar        as so affected by this event that she took at

   least 3 weeks to recover from it, and no longer wanted to do the research.

   Now, nobody was harmed, there was nothing aggressive that took place;

   but going from an armchair position of thinking and reading about this to
                                                                            437

being out on an 1,800-acre deserted farm in southern England on a misty

cool night in July of 1992, with a 150-footer diameter, obviously extra-

terrestrial disk silently gliding towards you and signalling is quite a step.
         ~
   (c
Andwhat we have found is that it is very important for people to understand
                                             I
that this is not an armchair fantasy. Thttfiis is actually happening; and --
                                                                           I
                                                                     /
these are very real events, and very real things are at stake. And std, the

importance of an individual being able to be grounded and centered and

coherent during such an event is important. ApAit is important not only for

that person's piece of mind, but it is important for the team and for the

success of the mission.       Because in this particular case, that close

encounter stopped about the time that this person and to a lesser extent
--- _ -1-/ .
another member of the team became very anxious. It appears that these

extra-terrestrial life forms are able to sense this level of anxiety or fear, and

they will terminate a close encounter when that anxiety is going up. This

is, I think,."a very compassionate thir1~-In their part; but it's also a very

sensible hin?/ Bause some of these life forms are relatively diminutive,

light-weight body forms, with cartilaginous cranium anatomy and, as such,
                              .~.—
are somewhat fragile. And the last thing thai we would need is to have an

on-board event and then have someone then come unglued and end up
                                                                        s
doing bodily harm to one of these life forms or damage to the craft orio

themselves. And I think tha'this illustrates the need for the team to be ve
                                                                                    J
well trained and extremely proficient in the stress management area and in)4
                                                                        438

the area of accessing non-linear mind and being able to be centered in this

expansive and peaceful state. Not only is it important to our ability to

communicate with these life forms and to actually vector them into sight, but

i    s important in terms of the functioning of the team and the individual

members of the team.      Andithis, perhaps, is one of the great limiting
aspects of the team's research success.


This effort to put people together in an area to communicate with extra-

terrestrial life forms is an admittedly visionary and, to some extent, open-

ended experiment where anything could happen. And for that reason, we

ask people to think seriously about how comfortable they are with the

unknown. And to what extent they have fear operating in their lives. It is

normal for people to be excited during such an encounter, and to an extent

some degree of anxiety. But it is very deleterious to the success of the

team if the individual members of the team, ,given one~re+nber of the team,

becomes overwhelmed with fear or anxiety. Becaus .it'appears when that

occurs, the close encounter ends; and, therefore, the success of the

mission is put at risk. This is why we encourage people being trained in

this to have extensive experience in meditation and in stress management        —

and to get help if they feel that they have areas of anxiety or concern which

they need to work through.

No       me of thethings tha?help with that, because anytf+eh, being
                                                                         439      /

human, is going to feel a certain amount of excitement and anxietpPs-tire

fact that we are doing this as a team       There-fa    sense of security in

numbers, and a sense of comfort thafis created by several people doing

this. This is wh   G`d    n& recommend that one person do this, or even
                     ``     /t it

two. It's best if +t-b three to five, and perhaps up to eight people on a

team doing this type of research and diplomatic contact work. We also feel

that having a very clear protocol of not only how to vector the craft in, but

what to do after it arrives is essential. Pulling from medical experience,

there is tremendous value in being trained in something such as advanced

trauma life-support if you are involved in a massive, multi-system trauma
                                    ~ c
involving multiple people. Because when that event occurs is not the time

for you to start figuring out if you know what to do, or for you to become

emotionally unglued by the seriousness of-the---injuries or the complexities

of the injuries. For this reason, professionals who are in the medical field
                                                     I7! -   -
as well as many other fields firs                        ugh trainrtg where '—'u

protocols are in place. And while they-art not rigid, they allow for a sort of-

guide post in terms of a flow of what to do next and how to respond. And

by going through it in trial training situations over and over again with a
                                 w-
large amount of re undanc when the actual events occur such as a
                                                                    yt'
massive trauma case, then it will becomdlike second nature .ar d.if`will be

ver`ceasy to stay with that even though a part of the person, whether it be

a physician or some other professional, may be having certain reactions to
                                                                            440

what's going on. This type of training which certainly athletes, physicians,

astronauts, test pilots and others go through is a every       important part

of what CSETI recommends/ h        team        hat they go out and that they              -

practice functioning in this mode, and to an extent, even; do role-playing in

close encounter situations. And beyond that, th:t they have     a,   blueprint of   --r


what to do in the event the   a
                                  spacecraft actually lands. Because it has         --V


often been said, there is no disaster like success_ And particularly if you

are not prepared for it.    And iFiatis -meant-here is that -if a team is

successful and a craft lands, then is not the time to figure out, gee, what do

we do? And do we really want this to happen?


CSETI;-ther€fore, has a series of protoco     .-.

(END TAPE 9, SIDE A)
                                                                             441

      TAPE 9, SIDE B:

      CSETI has a series of protocols which deal with two basic functions. One

 is the actual internal functioning of the team, some of which have been

_mentioned uch as the protocols for using the lights and the tones and the

  coherent thought sequencing, which we call the 'contact trilogy.'        t-then

  there are others involving internal functioning of the team that have to do

 with various positions that team members have. The CSETI research

  diplomatic team has, therefore, a coordinatorteamwhich is a position

  of leadership on the team to helptthe functions of the entire team. There
                                       lr


  are also boarding party members that are rank-orderecij)in other words, that

are      numbered according to their level of skill and comfort at being put into

 a situation where they may be asked to go on board one of these

 spacecraft. And the reason that these are numbered is so that in the event

 that a landing occurs, and assuming that the extra-terrestrials don't have

 their own preferences as to who should,_gb on and who shouldn't, that`here

not be any sort of confusion or debate at the time of landing as to who

should(bøactually going on board and in what order. In a similar way, the

 communications are ordered in t                       whe,
                                                              there are primary,

secondary, tertiary, and quaternary communicators. And they are not to

 communicate simultaneously, but that if the primary communicator fails at

the task in communicating with the extra-terrestrials, then the secondary

one would then begin, and then the third, and then the fourth. The idea
                                                                          442

here be'i1   that you want back-up systems, but you also don't want a tower

of Babel occurring on site, where you have multiple people trying to

communicate various things to the same life form. So -here is a sense of

order and structure to this effort.


There are also people who are trained in documentation of the event. Each

member of the team is asked to have a micro-cassette recorder, so that the

entire event, from the time it starts to the time it's over, is dictated into a

micro-cassette recorder in as close to real time as possible. Also, the team

-#ave people who are asked to document n-the-way f photographic and -

video-tape and other means of documentation of the event.


If the team is large enough, we also ask that the team have a site security

person to be able to be sure that the site is secure; and, above all things,

that there are no incursions into the site that could jeopardize the team or --

risk the safety of the team from other civilians or military. We also will

frequently have people associated with the team who are in charge of the

equipment and other sort of logistical efforts.


The other internal safety feature is that the teams are asked fd have a

buddy system where the members of the team pair off into partners of two

or sometimes three people to a group~~o that if one member of the team
                                                                            443

    becomes either upset or anxious or is able no-longer to function, their

    buddy will then accompany them to an area that is considered away from

    the team and out of the ar~6f operation.        The idet (Sere is that it is --

    important for people to have someone that     ey can connect ih          ill      ----
                                                                      wh'
    stay with them if they are uncomfortable with what is occurring. But there

    is another reason, and that is just a basic safety reason. Since we are

    frequently operating in areas that are dark and areas that-ac       remote

    regions, we have found that unless there is a buddy system that frequently

    .soomebgdy will wander off for a while and the team will then not know where
/
                And, of course, there is risk of someone falling and getting „

    injured. And so, we ask that people-be-in--& buddy system so that they

    check out with somebody when they get ready to leave so that the team will

    not need-tworry about where they are and if they are OK.


    These are practical considerations, and there are a number of them that go ---

    into how the team is structured. Nov -J addition, there are protocols that

    are                          e-protocols that deal with what to do with the

    extra-terrestrial situation when it evolves into a landing or very close

    encounter. From the time that there is a sighting, a clear lock-on with

    signalling of a spacecraft>f rom that point on the team is asked to take a

    posture of possible eminent'close encounter, up to and including an on-

    board event of the entire team. Their technology certainly would allow them
                                                                          444

to, if it was desired, to suddenly have the team be put on board the craft or

for the craft to be in a landing situation within a matter- of a second or two.
        CL
M4for that reason, once there is an object in the area, the team is in a

preparatory phase for that level of event.


Th_etatire time           enter i occu   ; it should be remembered that
                                       /'r A. r'1-Q~Y
the members of the team are asked to be able to be in touch with this non-

local aspect of mind and to be remote-viewing not only the craft but the

occupants of the craft and to be communicating. So, frequently, even if

there is not a landing situation, there will be multiple members of the team

remote-viewing the occupants and communicating on that basis. And this

fCeque~tff will happen even before physical spacecraft is seen. This has

hpp     edJ    mu    ►e•-eecas   i   more times than could even be listed

here.


     Ji
    „once there is the possibility of an on-board encounter, or in the event

that communication begins remotely, there are a set of protocols which

 will not gQttirough-now, but which have been written out and which_                _

can-appear--in--this-Chapter, that go through what should be essentially

conveyed. And what`s important here are not so much the protocol itself,

but that protocol is interesting because it indicates what types of questions
                                                                          cti-tom
should be asked, what kinds of comments should be made. Because What
                                                                            445

we do not want to have happen is somebody going on board and being

completely at a loss of what to say or what to do, or launching off into some

personal agenda related to, 'I have a great-aunt that has cervical cancer,

and can you cure her,' this sort of thing. And so weiia              -protocols.

The guiding principte'or thebasic principal behind these protocols is that

the interaction should be respectful, it should be as non-invasive as

possible, meaning that the questions if at all are open-ended and very

gentle in their nature. And that out of a sense of diplomatic protocol, that

the first question that the team should ask is, "Do you have any questions

of us," since they are guests to this planet, which is our homed planet of

origin. We feel that it is proper decorum to convey to these life forms our

willingness to be of service to them and to answer questions which they

may have. This changes the dynamics, of course, of the relationship from

one where they may be concerned that we are there to try to exploit or get

information out of them or to hit them with the famous 64-question routin

and turns it into something w      ibecomes quite clear that we are there

for the purpose of saying hello, and establishing a relationship, and availing

ourselves to them should they have any questions about us or about our

people,     w1teWiavyet         And we feel that this is a very important

dynamic to establish, and it says a great deal about the team and about

why we are there and establish      -tf at to these extra-terrestrial visitors.
                                                                         446

In the event that it becomes clear that they are willing to have us ask

questions of them, the questions are deliberately designed to be open-

ended, such as, "What can you tell us about your people and your mission

here;' instead of saying; what planet ,re you from and what are you doing

in this area tonight `Those sort ofclose-ended tend to not only get less
                                                             l
information but can appear to be pointed, and intrusive andinvasive and

rude. And for that reason, we recommend that the exchange be one on a

more open-ended basis, initially. It may be that later on in the encounter

some     r ,~mor_e specific exchanges would be possible.


Above all things, the guiding principal is that of conveying to these visitors

that we desire to engage in a open and mutually-beneficial relationship with
     l
them :ate to convey to them that they are welcome here and that we ar~

willing to cooperate with them in establishing this dialogu    Artd fo

to them that we recognize our essential oneness as intelligent life form

   ,dn the basis of non-local mind or unconsciousness, that we are really

one people inhabiting the same Universe. And to cocw          to them that we

acknowledge larin a very clear way;. besa            -etove all things, it is

important to establish the quality of the relationship That is desirec ad the

very beginning in very clear terms. So, whether it is through a remote view

or whether is-         an actual face-to-face encounter with a life form, the

principal is to convey to them our essential oneness, the fact that they are
                                                                            447

welcome, and that we desire to establish an open and mutually-beneficial

and peaceful relationship with their people.


Understand, of course, that these protocols may be thrown out the

proverbial port-hole window and that the entire encounter may take place

on a non-conventional, perhaps non-linear, basis, where the team with the

occupants may simply speak together• sitting quietly and doing nothing, to
                                     /.cam
use a good Zen phrase. And so, we recognize that the nature of these

encounters, first of all, will vary from team to team and situation to situation;
                                        '6
and that they are subject to revision iwa nano-second's notice. However,

with that said, it is important to again acknowledge the value of having a set

of protocols that Gan-be--fatten back on~'Because if those are not existent,

you are going tai b% asking for chaos and you ire--ge+ng4o-be ask+ngYor a

completely disorganized encounter. And in such a case, I seriously doubt

that these life forms would even want to have anything to do with the group.

The fact that they will know that we have prdtocolsl~t_ptae('that we have

internal self-discipline in place, that--w -ha'a plan in--plac'gives, I am

certain, these life forms a degree of confidence that, A) we know what we

are doing and B) that we are serious and C) that we are not going to be

dangerous to them or to ourselves by getting out of control. And so, this
                                    flu-c~~
is extremely important.     And the,, siren    r tl`ie encounter is, the more

important it is that you have that kind of training, both in terms of your
                                                                           448

internal self-discipline by accessing non-local mind, batby the entire group

have a sense of purpose and a sense of protocol to follow.


The question was asked if the woman on the team in England had gone

through a CSETI training. And the answer was no, she had not; and at t)at

point we really did not have much of a training program in place. An      ev

to this day, the training prograrn_i.s1'n a state of evolution and flux; mainly

because of a lack of funding and infrastructure.        But, this person was

someone who warranted that she was fully prepared and had very good

skills in stress management and,,was allowed to come onto the team. And

   it turned out, it was a very big mistake. We have learned that to be able

to do this properly, people need to go through at least a 1-week intensive
                                                                     :_ )
training. And, to be quite frank with youTwhen-youare talking about having

teams of otherwise untrained civilians interacting with these extraordinarily

powerful spacecraft and their occupants, they should-at~-least-go through as
                                                          l
much training as an astronaut going to the moon does. But we do not have

the program or the training facilities in place for that; and as emphasized,

this is an experiment and sort--e~f a prototype. In the future we can certainly

envision a time where-an entire training academy would exist to train people

to do this, and in fact, CSETI has specific plans to establish such     aining

academy and center, so that people can go through an adequate course of

training and the whole array of issues and skills needed to do this properly;
                                                                           449

diplomatic skills, consciousness skills, skills at remote-viewing, accessing

non-local mind, etc., and so on.


The way that we have done this up to this point, we've really asked these

fellow travelers together with us to be a quick study and to have a very
                          A
rapid learning curve. An ,some have been able to do that and some have

not. P*eiAt is something which does concern us, but we tell people that this

is something where this is an experiment, it's a prototype of what we feel

could e soor1     a    'expanded into a very large and formal project on an

international basis.     Andat this time we are all pioneers. And that as a

pioneering effort, there are certain unknowns that are-goi        be operating

_an4-we ar~'ask        people to be very patient with that and(alsd\to have the

courage to attempt something that is obviously experimental.


Q:     You talked about training and protocol up to the point where you are

aboard, then what? What kind of preparation, and what might happen, and

what's the intent after you are there, and that whole set of issues?

A:     The question is, what about after a boarding occurs? And, as was

mentioned previously, there are a set of protocols in terms of the kind of

questions and answers that may happen. Beyond that, it is anticipated that

what is called a 'Level-5 CE-5' could take place. Level- 5 CE-5 is off

planet. Let me go through these different levels:
                                                                           450

              1. Level one CE-5 is a Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind

where there is essentially just a fly-by, perhaps with signalling.

              2. Level two is where there is a close near-landing situation

with signalling and some higher communication.

              3. Level three CE-5 is where there is a personal meeting with

the actual life forms, the extra-terrestrial life forms. And it may be on or off

the craft, but it is envisioned that in that case it would be just outside the

craft.

              4. Level Four CE-5 is when the team actually goes on board,
                                                 o
but it's still in near-Earth orbit or hovering ups-the ground~or stating on the

ground.

              5. Level Five CE-5 is when the team is on board and departs

and either goes to either a larger extra-terrestrial facility or to their home

planet for an extended period of time. This is a very big unknown. And we

often joke amongst ourselves that each time that we go out on one of these

RMITs, we may or may not return to our jobs and to our families and to life

as we know it.


This degree f uncertainty is something which, while sounding like a joke

to some people, we take actually very seriously. An      ome members of the

team have undertaken precautions and arrangements with family and work

in the event that should happen. For example, my colleagues know that I'm
                                                                           451

involved in this and that this sort of thing could occur; and certainly my

family and others do. In my own personal case, I've taken everything of

substance out of my own name and put it into my wife's name.


pl~~afV.~t's not known if in the event of a Level 5/CE-5, kihis would be

something that would last for an hour, a month, a year, or a millennium.

Nobody really knows.        And so, the question becomes, are people
                                                        .-
comfortable with this degree of uncertainty in their lives. Arid it takes a very

special sort of person willing to take on that type of open-ended and

unknown commitment.

Q:     As the qualifications, you've talked about meditation and then you

used the phrase 'stress management.'         It sure doesn't seem like your

average stress-management courses at the office that address these kinds

of fears.

A:     No. It doesn't. And this is why I qualify it by saying that there is

stress-management skills that can be universally applied; but the most

valuable stress-management training is not what's traditionally done now at

all, but is more on the level of being able to very comfortably access this

inner state that is beyond fear. That, whether you are a physician or a fire

fighter or a professional athlete, success is greatly enhanced if you are able

to center very clearly; and if, particularly, you can access this non-linear

state of mind and still be functional, then you will not have any experience
                                                                          452

of fear. So the transcendence of fear and, as it were, the short-circuiting

of the limbic system, the fight-or-flight in the limbic system, is something
                          C7   -
that can be done and,4can be trained to do. Under extraordinarily stressful

circumstances you can still function. An this is something which we do

train people in"   ery
                         extensively. We have convened on several occasions,

prolonged periods, retreats, a week or so at a time, where people can come

together to do that and also to discuss these issues. Ultimately, the best

training is hands-on. And in medicine, it's often said, 'See one; do one;

teach one.' And we have in our prototype project, this CSETI experiment

with the Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind Initiative, utilized that to a very

large extent. That we will literally do a training, and immediately that night

go out and exercise the protocols.            pn more than one occasion, have

had extraordinary and spectacular close encounter that have happened;

sometimes witnessed by 70 people 'at--a ti?ne>t No , they have not been

landings where people have gone on board; but they have been things that
             i


have been unmistakable and quite interesting. An'that kind of training, we

feel, is very important.           In fact, what we have sensed is a sort of

collaboration between our research teams and these extra-terrestrial life

forms, who seem to be de-sensitizing the teams by sequentially taking them

from one level of close encounter, to a more intense level, to a more

intense level, to a more intense level over a period of time. And so, as we

said-ihe laboratory of the world and the sort of hands-on, real-time
                                                                         453

experience we feel is the absolute best training. But there is preparation

that can be done in advance of actual field work related to consciousness

and just walking through these protocols and knowing what to do. There
              (_.                             i
is-a great deal of security that people get by just knowing what's going to

happen next, whatjir~we going to do next. But at the same time, there

are no assurances. We cannot guarantee to people what would actually
                     Zi; e l e   Yom.
occur. It may be that they-will be there, and one millisecond later they will

all be on board a spacecraft 500 miles above the planet; technology exists

to where I am certain that could happen. So we-don!t we do not warrant

anyone sort of a clear picture of what can happen. We say, here's what our

experience has been and as far as what potentially could happen, the sky's

not even the limit; the space is the limit; the Universe is the limit. And so,

that's something that people have to know going into this.


 /2) v-t-
Bd1 the combination of being able to access non-linear mind and this state

of universal mind, as well as the sense of having a team concept with

known protocols and trust with each other, is something which goes a long

way. And if you add to that experience out in the field, where night after

night people actually practice this; then a comfort level builds and a sense

of dynamic synchronisity within the team builds. And that is very useful

over a period of time. The RMIT team is particularly constituted, to the

extent that we calfwith unpaid, volunteer people being asked to fly all over
                                                                          454

 the world, with people who are able to function well together and are able

J,)in   our opinion, t~'withstand unusual and, perhaps even, bizarre

 encounters without Davin'difficulty.


 Q:     Would you care to elaborate a little bit more on what you called

 'strange encounters' or just elaborate more on anything less than a Level

 5/CE-5. In other words, typical experiences that have happened already.

 A:     The question is what are the types of experiences that have

 occurred. If we wrote a 500-page book on this, it would not contain the
                                                             cJ
 number and diversity of things that have happened.         no this is not an

 overstatement. But I will give you one example:


 During a training exercise in Palm Beach in 1992, we were on a beach; and? --~

 it_was'r-ig -area   sunset. And a(he group was going out on the beac~i            r~

 and walking up the beach to a more remote section of this state parbc:)v~e       v---


 had settled into where we were going to be; and an aquamarine-blue probe

 came down out of the sky - this is in broad daylight, the sun is not quite set

 - ea   -into the group, hovered along a person's back; and then sped off

 back into space. Now, this is unusual. And some people would find this

 very disconcerting. We found it fascinating. What's interesting, at 3:00 in

 the morning at the end of this training exercise, during which no other

 sightings occurred, this same beautiful blue probe, which was obviously
                                                                       455

under intelligent control, re-appeared in the sky and made sort of a check-

mark (✓) in the sky and sped off. And there were rati~many witnesses

to this.


So, that sort of thing can happen.       There are other things that are

physiological. For example:


In England in 1992, all the members of the team that were there in close

proximity to this spacecraft, which wa ii the same field in which we were

located, had an electro-magnetic sensation on their bocy;wherehere was

tingling and literally hair standing on end, sort of what's called medically

piloerection taking place. And in addition to that, the compass which we~~

hed wIiich_Yvas a. new, Swedish compassycould not locate magnetic North

and was changing counter-clockwise around the dial in the same fashion

that this spacecraft was spinning. Now this was unusual.


Other-things-that have happened have been, group. . . In rnultipIeDf these
               i
events where the group has been out in an area where there-ha' -bed

multiple, what.-appear.~a..   <Nke strobe or flashlights that g -of darious

colors, that obviously are not retinal discharges because everyone in the

group sees them at the same time. And they witr build in intensity.        I

remember one particular evening in Alton Barnes while we were in one of
                                                                               456

    these projects, that we stopped counting them at 48 or 50 after just a short

    amount of time. And this was then followed by a sighting of one of these

    craft at not too far distance.


    So, the point her is that t
                             ngs       can happen that arevery unpredictable.

    One of the interesting encounters that occurred in I-believe--it-we      two or

    three nights prior to the near-landing at Alton Barnes in '92, was that while

    the sun was still, at-hadset but the sky was still somewhat illuminated and

    light, of course-you were-very far north in-England in-July, I was lying on my

    back in the field with the whole team present. An .it was crystal-clear ski;/

    absolutely crystal clear: and across the zenith of the sky come'       is flying

    discatapulting and over end and spinning with these brilliant lights, like the

+      talmost like carnival lights spinning anic             I~cst~              It

    had a tremendous velocity and was seen for just a couple of seconds and

    then was gone into the wild blue. It was exactly the same shape, color,

    light formation, and spinning craft that came into the field a few nights later

               ainstor ~.Q - - - rred. Now, what happened prior to that is that-this

    rainstorm appeared to be artificial; because it occurred only over the farm, !, -'- --

•                UFOs #mat%were seen that came into the clouds and were

    shining a light down on top of the clouds in a counter-clockwise wa)an .—"

    then suddenly it started raining cats-n-dogs.
                                                                         457

Now, these are strange things. They strain credulity even to recount these

sort-of -stories    , ann tliaVLs part of the problem with this. Is that the

reality is much stranger than any fiction that you will ever pick up and read.

SAnd so, we tell people that they should be prepared for any number of

unusual manifestations, technologically and otherwise.
              :r E~
Other experiences that people have had that are-unusual', ar~being in the

coherent thought sequencing and suddenly having a very clear 'over-ride'

or vision, remote-view of the spacecraft and the occupants. Many people

are not prepared for that, because it is not something that they have

imagined or concocted; but it's a crystal-clear experience. Well, that kind

of lock-on through the non-linear aspect of mind is something which is quite

astounding to people, and initially cart be disorienting to them as far as

breaking down their Vtsioh- of what reality is and how the Universe is

constructed.


Those are a few examples. I don't know if that's what you were. . .

Q:     Exactly what we were.

A:     If you read the full reports on all of these RMIT expeditions, and

can assure you that the reports only have probably 10 percent of the thfngs

that happened in them, they are just one thing after the other.

really extraordinary.

Q:     You had mentioned before that there are tones that we've never
                                                                               458

heard before; have you seen colors that you've never seen before?

A:     We've certainly seen some unusual hues and colors, the lights.

Q:     Laser can maybe come close.

A:     Some of the laser light. The energy characteristics are also unusual.

For example, the massive triangular spacecraft measuring up to 800 feet

in diameter, almost 3 football fields in diameter, which we have encountered

both in Mexico and in Belgium have lights at each apex of the triangle. And

then in the center is a very unusual, cherry-orange-red energy source that

has this sort of throbbing quality to it. It is not a normal light source; it's like

nothing I have ever seen on this planet. Also, in that particular event in

Mexico, there was a small, red-orange probe that was following o'with this

huge spacecraft, but which was completely unattached to it a                "would

move around independent'           ' Viand stayed with it the whole time this

encounter was going oA—lt was monitoring its systems or us or something.

It was extraordinary, amazing.


The other sort of unusual things that have -been-seen, have been the, just

the sheer power of these craft but also their silence. It's hard to express in

words the stunning effect of being on an 8,000-foot plain at the base of an

18,000-foot volcano under a crystal-clear sky and a nearly full moon, and

having something the size of several 747s move in and come and only 3~

orbhundred feet in the air, signalling with you, but no sound. Utterly silent.
                                                                                459

It is as if you were in a dream. Butyou're not. But it seems so other-

worldly. That, see, some of these things, because it's so far out of our

expectations causes some degree of amazement and, in some people,

shock. Because it s
                  ply
                    im       is not what people expect. You don't normally

see objects that are the size of 2 or 3 football fields hovering, turning

silently in the sky, making no sound. I mean, this is unusual.             And it

certainly wasn't a member of the Mexican air force.

Q:     One other question. Have you found that, to some extent, people

who are taking part actively in the research have had their own kinds of

personal encounters, whether in a dream state or a visual encounter?

A:     A large percentage have.

Q:     Did you interview people for that?           Do you illicit that specific

information?

A:     Yes, it is asked. It is not particularly relevant. I will say this, that the

best, some of the very best researchers and members of our team have
                                                                            I

been people who have had no prior connection to this field. an the reason
                                                                c
for that is that to the extent that one has been em®rsed in the knowledge

in this field, to t)iat extent they have been filled     l_   disinformation and
                                7 Qyc,`_ Z~
                            ii
false notions.!Jnd what you end up having to do is re-wind the tape all the

way back to a blank point, because they have been filled with all kinds of

superstitious notions, all kinds-off deliberate disinformation, all kinds-et '---

unwarranted fears that have been placed in their heads by disinformation
                                                                        460

specialists who have attempted to convince people that they are going to

be abducted and raped or what-have-you. And so,          ~n up having this

tremendous amount of baggage, enough that you -eeuf           probably fill a   -~

freight train, from people who have had an extensive amount of knowledge,,

in this field. It was recently said to me at a New York meeting that so-and-

so person was perfect for doing this because they had read every book on

the subject.   And I said, oh, my God; that's a worse-case scenario.

Because, in fact, what they have done isabsorbed and incorporated into

their belief system a huge amount of spurious informatioh and, I might add,

deliberate disinformation. So, it's not always that simple We have found

on balance that the man on the street, the average person, you know, Joe

Smith in Peoria, Illinois, has a better understanding of this, is less

contaminated with false notions, and is actually more open-minded and
                                                                   ji
ready for doing this research than many of the UFO enthusiasts., Simpl

because thehave been so severely and extremely prejudiced already. ----

Q:     Follow up to that: In part of the training, do you do any type of your

own sort of de-sensitization with people? Or do you rely on . . .

A:     Well, we do some, from time-to-time we will do role-model playing.

We certainly do visualization where we encourage people tooartake in that.      --

An actually, during the coherent thought sequencing, what we find is that

quite a few people, people who have never had a remote-view experience

will remote-view a craft or an occupant. And that in and of itself, even
                                                                        461

though it's in the state of non-locality of mind as opposed to seeing it

visually, is something which has a profound effect on people and is a very

good de-sensitization tool.


Ultimately, thougfh~ you know, in an ideal world we would have an extensive

training center, where we could: simulate Wititholograms and very good

simulating technologies a close encounteI la landing, an encounter with a

non-human life forms, and have people really experience that. However,

we do not have to©se sort of resources at this time. We would certainly
                                           `j
recommend that in the coming years that1the international community take

this seriously and institute such a training program and facility,

Q:     We envision having a semi going around with virtual-reality

simulators; wouldn't that be great.

A:     Sure. Exactly. Or excellent virtual-reality programs and other similar

simulation programs that could be used for training people in this regard

and which we would like to be able to someday implement.

Q:    Another question: Have you tried taking a team out where there has

not particularly been sightings and trying to vector them in?

A:     Oh, yes. We do this all the time.

Q:     Is that successful?

A:     Yes. It depends, again, on the team and the circumstance and what

have-you. We have done this on numerous occasions. And sometimes,
                                                                             462

if)t=s~a training situation that will be successful, and other times it won't be.

It's really dependent on a number of factors: ;And-heoher-thing-is-thatwe

have to maintain a sense of humility on all this. It's not as if the extra-

terrestrial life forms that have come here from such vast distances have

nothing to do but to come and interact with our teams. We appreciate the

fact that anytime they break away from whatever purpose they are here for
                                                                  i, r
to do that, that that's a gift; and it's greatly appreciated. ArI
                                                                1  t is not at all

assumed that that will happen.

       1

And; in addition, we are always looking for ways of increasing our success
                             ??
                                         ~    l
rate at this. There-"rn'any things that' nave been suggested, some of

which are inordinately expensive and some of which are just logistically

difficult when you are dealing with going into areas without power supply
                                                      J
and what-not. .86 we do   welcome   people to sugges4o4s   other ways that

these protocolS could be-rade-more efficacious and where the success

rate could be increased. [to Steve: what about 'prayer teams' off-site

praying for each individual member and the successful contact and

fruition of the hello/dialogue/peace plan for each RMIT/CTS? M.]


Do we need to take a break?

Q:     My question that I raised, really, had to do with if our real purpose

here is learning to suspend the limbic system as well as letting go of fear
                                                                         463

and etc.

A:       Yes. The question is about what one of the larger lessons of all this

is. And I think t at it very much is about transcending fear. Anq.the useful

ita+r~   aboutthis state of oneness or this non-linear state of mind, this

universal consciousness, is that it is a state of perfect oneness and

integration. Andithe highest manifestation of love is oneness. Qrt if you

love someone, you want to be one with them.            And so, this state of

oneness and this state of beautiful, peaceful, calm oneness is really a state

of tremendous love, as welly And that overcomes all fear. And so, perhaps

one of the great lessons and benefits of doing this type of research and

diplomatic outreach to the unknown, is that it requires us to be able to do

it well, both from an operational point of view with non-local, non-linear

technologies, but also from the point of view of our own sense of

transcending anxiety and fear. To enter into a state that, of, really is a

perfect state of oneness and peace and thereby allows us to go beyond

fear. There can be no fear when that state is operating. And, certainly, it

enables someone to relate to a universalaspect of themselves, which is the

universal aspect of other life forms and enables them, therefore, to be

qualified to enter into relation with a non-human extra-terrestrial being. And

that resonance with that universal aspect of ourselves, that pure, silent,

conscious wakefulness is such a powerful point of preparation for being

able to relate to extra-terrestrial beings on the level where they, too, are
              I4        M


_


    e.


         S 1-f izpatn
                                                                           464

universal and awakt~and quietly awake.           And so, that becomes, as

mentioned previously, a foundation, a very strong foundation, for dialogue

and relationship with these other beings.

Q:       It can be looked at, too, as a profound,~religious experience, I would

think.

A:       Well, the entire experiment is a profound spiritual journey. Because,

in a sense, because- both the technological sophistication of the extra-

terrestrials using non-locality and the training and the ability for the working

groups and the research teams to experience non-linear, non-local mind,

that4tbrings with it a certain spiritual value, but is, above all things, an

extraordinary journey.      This journey into unbounded mind and also

unbounded potential in the Universe is one of the most exciting and

gratifying experiences that, I think~sp_ eaking_foLmas                    bav_e

ever had.      And it's really just the beginning)      Because the CSETI

experiment up to this timeAèSfen though there have been some virtually

unbelievable, by normal standards, events that have taken place,

extraordinary, high-level close encounter) it

we are at just the inception of this, of the potential for inter-species

communications and journeying through the Universe and learning of other
                            f
intelligent life forms and the knowledge which that would bring and the

expansion of our horizons which that would bring           we tell people that,

on the one hand, there has been a tremendous amount of progress and, on
                                                                                465

    the other, we are really just beginning on the first step of this journey, taking

    the long view. And, in that sense, this has been a prototype experiment.

    It has been a group of brass-roots, world citizens who have gathered

    together and who-haveformed a couple of dozen teams around the world
                       r

    over the past 4 years; and who have engaged in RMIT expeditions on half
                      ~.,                       r
    a dozen te-a-dozes occasions. nd;is such, it is an experiment where we

    are learning about not only the extra-terrestrial people, but also about

    ourselves and what might be required of us and what kind of training we

    may n eWhat we would like to offer to the world community is to open

    that up into a truly international effort that would be appropriately supported

    with the correct resources to bring our experiences to the world community

    and say, this is what we have learned in this preliminary prototype

    experiment. And look at the kind of potential that must be there if this has
                                                              n
    been achieved by a handful of people, virtually unfunded with volunteer

    effort and labor over a short period of time. What might be the potential in

    terms of establishing open and sustainable relations with these life forms

    if there were appropriate resources, logistics, and support from the

    international community from the world at large. And,-we-feeftf t this

    something which has really just begun as _ajJL.expertmnt The extra-

    terrestrial life forms seem to be giving us feedback with a rebounding 'yes.'

,   if usomeone had told us that 2 or 3'years into starting - this type of

    experiment, without any professional funding, without any professional, full-
     o   i


             .


                 -( B   a   L7        -c


kw


                            t    L


                                 ci
                                                                            466

time staff, that we would have been able to have had multiple, close-range,

near landing events with full signalling but also full remote-view

communication with the occupants of these spacecraft I don't believe that

 e would have believed i       I .done- think-hat we would have believeditiy

1991 or ear-ly in '92`    li e potential for this is really limited by the degree

to which humanity can come together and decide that this is worth

pursuing.


It is interesting, because I recently saw a news report that stated that to         -

introduce one new brand of cereal costs approximately 50 million dollars.

We learned that the motor company;Porsche to do an advertising

campaign on one model of their line th~t-'had been redesigned they

going to spendrift o
                  North America a on
                                 Imo+ 20 million d II
                                                  oars, 'Several i
                                                                billion

dol lars a year are spent in the United States alone, just on bass_fishi~l /-

recreational bass fishing. And when you start IooRcing at these things you
                                                      pct,
see that we really do create our own reality. ,~ i6hich is more important?

Introducing a new brand of cereal or establishing a sustainable relationship

between Earth civilization and extra-terrestrial civilizations which are visiting

here. It is quite obvious that we need a re-ordering of priorities on this

plane-in-any regard. But this sort of accentuates, githat need of when

you put it into that sort of perspective.
                                                                           467

We have a tremendous potential, simply because on this planet as humans,

 eeea6e-we are willing to learn and be creative. But at some point we also

have to learn to prioritize where we are putting our resources and our

efforts. The 500 million dollars or so spent on one B-2 bomber could fund

in perpetuity an entire international team of people working full-time to

establish peaceful, sustainable, and mutually-beneficial relations between

human civilization and extra-terrestrial civilizations. What would be the

potential pay-off of such a feat? It cannot beeven estimated. Certainly, it

is incalculable.


And so, this is something which we suggest to the world community that

they take seriously. And over the next few years move decisively in the

direction of making a commitment to this type of effort, whether or not the
                                         haft
exact CSETI protocols are utilized. _Bu             e concept that extra-

terrestrial life forms are there and that we are here and that something

needs to be done to build a bridge on a firm foundatiorY.Tas mentioned

earlier It is essential that we begin this process soon in the world

community, after       all, that is really what the CE-5 Initiative is about. It

is about building a bridge between peoples and establishing a foundation

for a healthy relationship.        that is something which deserves the

support and attention of people who are interested in promoting universal

peace.   Because, notwithstanding all the despair in the world today, it
                                                                         468

appears that we are on the threshold of the advent of universal peace and

of relations amongst various planetary societies. Ar      we move into that
                                                         sCJ

era, the world and our understanding of the Universe will be transformed.


Q:     Do you have any reason to believe [Tape stops/starts]

A:     The question has been asked if we have reason to believe that our

physical bodies would be able      be'sustained on board their spacecraft

during space travel. One of the premises, and I am very glad that this

question was asked, of our entire project is that they know a great deal

more about us than we do about them.          And we have to put this in

perspective. We are trying to build a bridge; but we have to understand

that the relationship should be likened to that of two partners dancing and

they are the lead partner in terms of this dance.° Simply because, they have

been observing us for decades, if not centuries. And know a great deal

more about us than we know about them. Many people will mistake the

degree of information we have to be indications that we know everything

about these life forms. We do not. We are at the very beginning of our

understanding and knowledge of these people and their cultures and their

life. And so, it is safe to say, that in that dynamic, that should they agree

to an on-board and then off-planet event, that adequate preparations would

have been taken by them. And this we will simply take on a matter of

assumed trust; because it would be irrational to think that if they have been
`~ tic
                                                                           469

visiting and doing as much research as they have on this planet, that they

would do that and then not account for the physical, bodily, and other --

logistical needs of their guests.   ohere is no way for us to check that out

in advance, except to say that there are people who have been, who have

had close encounters and have been on board; and who apparently have

had off-planet experiences who-have returned in quite good shape. Ate; '

so, our sense is that, yes, that is something that has been accounted for

and would be taken care of in the event of a CE-5/Level 5.


Parentheticall , m    own personal experiences says, yes; there is ri

problem there. We know that.


Those sortof logistics, though, do bring up the other question or ail feel

this is very important for the reader who may wish to form a team on their

own to do this sort of work that we do not recommend people involved in

this type of research taking actions which appear to be rash or sudden. For

example, during the near landing at Alton Barnes in         British researcher
                                                                                  I
                                                    ~.
the next day during a debriefing, his-individual not being present at the time

of the event, said, 'Well, why didn't you run through the field and try to grab

the thing and jump on?''r{--c t remember who-this-was:) And, of course,

after the initial laughter, I pointed out that a manoeuvering extra-terrestrial

spacecraft using technologies which are inscrutable to us, should not be
                                                                                 470

approached in that kind of sudden and rash manner. Because the risk is

that you could come in direct line of the equivalent of their 747 engine

thrusters that would blow you to smithereens. And you don't know what the

equivalent of the 747 jet engine thrusters are on one of these spacecraft.

And so;?dur protocols which have been developed     -
                                                        ask   that people during

a high-level Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind not approach the craft until

there is some clear indication that they want you to approach it. And-that

once they see you, and they are in an object that's easily maneuverable,

that it should really be up to them to position themselves where they should

be.


Now, with that said, because one of our requirements is that these teams

check out the site where the research is, we will usually put out a series of

landing strobes to indicate a safe area for them to land if that is what they

would like to do.   So that, in Mexico for example) when the craft was

approaching and descending in an apparent landing manoeuver, we did put

out three of these bright, strobing lights to indicate an area that would be

suitable, although that's a suggested area and certainly nothing we would

require. But it does indicate, also, to them that we are ready for that kind

of landing event; because they know observing Earth civilization what     thou


landing strobes are that are seed at airports and other landing strips. —
                                                                    471
So, the idea here being, above all things to observe common-sense safety

precautions. Unfortunately, common sense is one of the                --

(END TAPE 9, SIDE B)
                                                                           475

TAPE 10, SIDE A:            (NOTE:         MOVE QUESTIONS ON COVERT

ABDUCTION EXPERIENCES TO THE APPROPRIATE CHAPTER)

and common sense is a relatively uncommon kind of commodity. And as

such, we recommend that people think through how they should behave.

In a similar fashion, we do not presume to know what sort of bio-hazards

may be present in the environment of the spacecraft or in the person of the

biological life form. An J foAhis_reason, we instruct our research teams to

avoid physical contact with these life forms, unless it is first initiated by

them. If it is first initiated by them, there is reasonable assurance that they

have factored1 that risk in.        But, short of that, we would certainly not

recommend that someone       goer     n up to one and shake their hand or hug

them or do anything inappropriate like that. Because not only could it result

in bodily harm to them, but it could also result in contamination or bodily

harm to the human researcher.


There are a number of logistical things like this that we have identified and

worked through in our protocols, but the basis premise is to look to their

actions as sort of a leading indicator of what we should be doing, since it

is safe to assume that they know far more about us than we do about them.

Q:     Steven, do you think Travis Walton and the "Fire In The Sky" movie

was an example who walked into the energy field?

A:     Yes. The question was asked was Travis Walton's experience an
                                                                           476

    example of someone who walked into the energy field or the equivalent of

    the 747 jet engine thruster. And the answer to that is yes. I really would

    like to share this analysis:


    It is interesting that, and it gives an example of what was_ mentioned IIthe

    previous Chapter-~' Ar d--that=         Thave to be very careful about the     `

    assumptions that we make based on just the observable phenomena. The
                                                                               wAJ
    Travis Walton case is a case where a young logger was in the Sitgreaves --i

    National Forest in Arizona and came uponJn the early evening hour, a

    large disk-shaped craft hovering in the woods in a clearing. It was moist

    conditions. They were stunned to see this and they stopped the truck, it
                                       -

    was_a whole truck load of4        ecs- One of these loggers, named Travis._---

    Walton, got out of the truck and went underneath, directly underneath'ti

    object. Whereupon an energy discharge from the underside of the craft

    occurred, striking him on the shoulder and knocking about 15 feet.

,    hat happened from that point on is that his colleagues)still in the pick-up

    truck panicked, race off down the road, and then only after collecting their

    wits about them returned to find Travis Walton and the spacecraft gone.

    Well, what happened next is that he was on board the craft for

    approximately 5 days, but recalled only about 20 minutes of that. Part of

    the time that he was on there, which he recalls, he actually became

    agitated, got up off of some type of couch or bed, an       picked up and
                                                                           477

instrument and tried to attack the extra-terrestrial life forms, whereupon he

was sedated and calmed down.           And then was later, after he was

apparertQ'In a more composed state, taken on a tour of the spacecraft,

which apparently at this point was in space and had docked with a larger

ship, nmet another race of extra-terrestrials that looked much more

human. The initial ones Ic      g~short and with large heads and long limbs.

And he was given not only a tour of the craft, but was allowed to sit in a

seat that apparently had a navigational control of the craft and was allowed
                                                                    ,-
to experiment. Now, this is all that he remembered. Later, thenie was
                                              A   L
returned o& the outskirts of his hometown 5 days later, somewhat

disoriented, etc. What's interesting is that the hysteria in the civilian media

and UFO community surrounding this case sensationalized it to the point

where it was claimed that a laser beam attacked Travis Walton, striking

him, whereupon he was abducted on board the craft, and was subject to all

manner of tortuous things, none of which was true. The movie "Fire in The

Sky" was a deliberate distortion of what actually happened to Travis Walton

on board the spacecraftAand the producer of the movie confided in me and

said that the Hollywood studio, in an effort to try to make it more

sensational, deliberately showed all sorts of torture scenes and a sort o ~`

Marquis de Sade scenario on board the craft, which actually never

happened, but was a complete fabrication on the part of the production

team.
              .w   r/


                        -a_
                              t    i ,W -

_


    o    c_


        tLw        L          °l
                                                                             478

W  hat appears to have happened is that Travis Walton became suddenly,

 they came across this craft, perhaps surprised it as much as they were, ran

 underneath it, and what appears to have happened since we know these

(craft put out mega-watts of electrical energy, had an electrical discharge

 from the underside of the craft, striking him, and causing him to be knocked

 several feet as one would in an electrocution. What's interesting is that the

 amount of time that he was on board the craft is not inconsistent with what

 we would do medically in terms of stabilizing someone in a coronary care

 unit and also being sure that their kidney functions were not injured

 because of skeletal muscle damage with the release of protein into the

 kidney which would cause the kidneys to fail. And the amount of time that

 he was observed and the way that he was treated would indicate that they

 had probably saved his life.


 What actually happened, in all likelihood, is that he foolishly went

 underneath U        &aft, ended up              electrocuted; h1s colleagues

 deserted him, the extra-terrestrials took him on board, probably had to

 defibrillate or stabilize his heart rhythm which usually is affected by that kind

 of an electrical energy discharge; and then continued to monitor and watch

 him for a few days until they were sure he was out-of-the-woods medically,
                f               /

 and-then f?urne11im back to his hometown. And so, what was quite likely

 an inadvertent accident, whereby a man was electrocuted, resulted in a
                                                                             479

compassionate intervention on the part of the extra-terrestrials, has been

portrayed in the media and the civilian UFO sub-culture as an act of

violence perpetrated against this innocent logger, who was then

subsequently tortured on board a spacecraft.


Now, this is just one example of two things:          First of all, the need for

restraint in approaching these craft at close rang~eE,jbut also it illustrates how

easy it is for events to be misinterpreted, exaggerated, embellished, and

from that exaggeration and misinterpretation begin to draw conclusions

which are utterly at variance with the truth; but which would lead people

to make assessments of fear, hostility and conflict with these life forms. It

is our assessment that this has happened repeatedly within the military

community, where events have happened which they have misinterpreted,

which have caused t~em4o do aggressive actionsn wh.ich
                                                      -ry
other counter-actions which they have again/ misinterpreted And this has

escalated to the point of. olarized situatio           4s extremely dangerous.


This is why the CE-5 Initiative as a citizens' diplomatic effort is so critically

important. It is so important that" people empower themselves as citizens

of this planet to try to convey to the extra-terrestrial life forms that we are

willing to communicate with them; but also for us to learn directly and first-

hand about their culture, about their people, aboJ their mission here to this
                                                                       480

planet, so that we do not have to rely on the distorted, exaggerated,

embellished accounts that may come out of second and third-hand stories,

or out of the secret projects dealing with the government. This should be

obvious that the best way of knowing about this is by direct teams going

into contact with these life forms and finding out whathe truth is.

is one of the great values of this sort of approach, as opposed to other

types of retrospective projects. [Tape stops/starts.]


The question is have our teams been able to remotely view their [ETs?]

eith~home planets or their centers of operation. And the answer to that

is yes, in various ways and forms. There is a deep space center that is

known to us and which we have been able to remote viewr and
                                                          w-
                                                             also to

remotely enter and view the various species that ar          ce   There are

multiple planetary systems represented we have been able to see this

facility and to establish a fair amount of contact communication. But it has

been on the remotely-viewed level, and so it's preliminary and cannot be

proven. However, it's been consistent and quite accurate amongst various

remote viewers within our network.


Q:     What evidence is there that they are working with other planets as

well as the third? Maybe some planets that are less, or more primitive than

we are, or?
                                                                          481

A:     Hard to imagine, isn't it? No.

Q:     Has anyone remote viewed anything like that also?

A:     Actually, that has not been a focus of any remote viewing     thatll am
familiar with.   We do know that there are multiple extra-terrestrial

civilizations from various planetary systems working together and in a very

cooperative way. Whether or not they have similar projects with other

planets in the Universe is not definitely known. But we could certainly

assume that they are. Keep in mind that there are approximately 200 billion

star systems in the Milky Way alone. The Milky Way is one of billions of

galaxies; 200 billion star systems      jus


                                              in this one galaxy.   And it is

estimated that around 60 percent of those have planetary systems around

them. So now you are over 100 billion planetary systems, just in the Milky

Way, OK? And if only a tiny percentage of them have in their planetary

structure and their solar systems have planets such as Earth that could

sustain life, you are talking about probably millions of intelligent life forms

in this one galaxy,, which-is one galaxy of billions. [To Steve: from 'Keep

in mind' to here would be great intro to that other piece I thought

would be great first about assuming there are ETs visiting this planet;

lends more probability to presumption. M.J And so, it is quite likely t hat

there are projects dealing with other civilizations that are in various states

of evolution. There is no doubt that the intense interest at this point in our

history w     this planet is because it is at such a pivotal point in its
                                                                             482

development, where it is transitioning from a low-tech nation-state situation

to a globally-integrated high-technology world civilization. And: all the pitfalls

and all the problems that attend that transition are being, I am certain,

monitored. And contingency plan(n place in the event of a worse-case

scenario.


Q:     Can they block our non-local viewing and our...? When you are on

a spaceship with them or craft with them, is it with their permission or are

we, like, just showing up there?

A:     No. It is always with their permission. The question is) ara these

efforts at remote viewing consensual, with their permission. The answer is

absolutely yes. One of the things that we feel is very, vei 'important is that

anything that we do be with mutual consent for the purpose of mutual

benefit with the concept of peaceful relations developing from those efforts.

So that, if a spacecraft is seen, there is a sense of gently asking permission

or sensing if it would be OK to then go within it or within a               deep

space complex to have a more personal view of the life forms and what

they might be thinking or doing. It is extremely important that that sense of

courtesy and decorum and lack of invasiveness be always present.

Because what we do not want to do is to repeat what some of these covert

groups have done, where they have forcibly engaged in not only remote

viewing; but then have subsequently used that knowledge to engage in not
                                                                            483

only psychic warfare efforts, but in military actions to try to obtain their

materiel or craft or technology. And we are certain that that experience of

the extra-terrestrials with humans, even if they are a small group of covert

operatives, would cause them to be extremely cautious in anything that they

would do with people in general. In some sense we have to make a special

effort to establish to them that we are not in the same mindset, and we do

not have the same agenda, as this covert group which has been operating

for 40 or 50 years doing various projects. So that we need to distinguish

this kind of effort in a clear way from those covert, quasi-military and

intelligence efforts. And, certainly, one way to do that is in our behavior

towards these extra-terrestrial life forms, the courtesy that we show, the

motives that are animating the group, the integrity of the process and the

generally altruistic purpose behind the entire project.


Q:     Can they block it if they choose to? Because you are saying that the

covert operations have gotten in, and I'm sure it wouldn't be with their

consent.

A:     I think that it is unknown; but it is likely that they have systems where

they can, to an extent, block that type of remote viewing. Certainly, if there

is a technological interface that facilitates remote viewing, that the reverse

could be applied where it could essentially jam that ability. So, while this

certainly cannot be proven, and we've never had that experience simply
                                                                    G
                                                                        !
                                                                        p
                                                                            484

because I don't think they've ever felt that we were a threat needed to be

jammed. But it is likely they could jam or could introduce into that non-

linear nexus false information to foil the covert attempts and beat them at

their own game. Again, I think th       are playing a very dangerous game

which they are unlikely to be able to win; and that it would be much wiser

for them to totally recreate their perspective on this. One_of the things that

we have done is to have discussions with members of these types of teams

and people and to encourage them to approach this in a radically different

fashion than how they have in the past. I do not believe that that has fallen

totally on deaf ears.


Q:       Steven, would you speak to some of the issues about how psycho-

electronics are used to simulate abduction?

A:       The question was asked about the psycho-electronic devices and

their simulation of abduction experiences.         We can put this in the

appropriate chapter. I have asked this question to be asked, so that I could

address it, because I failed to earlier. And thank you for remembering to

do so.


A discussion of disinformation would be useful here, and it has been

mentioned prior. The most effective disinformation is information that has

parts of truth in it, but then has a large part of false information attached to
                                                                      4855
 it. In that sense it becomes like the sugar-coated poison pill; because1t --

 becomes something that people will swallow, because it does have an

 element of truth to it. This is true of a great deal of disinformation, not only

 as it applies to the extra-terrestrial issue, but to other issues as well.


 In the case of the so-called abduction phenomenon and the covert military

 attachment to it, what appears to have been done is that they observed

 some cases where people were actually taken on board. In other words,

 genuine human extra-terrestrial encounters where people were on board.

IACtere able to then back t hat up, sort of take théf apart and put the

 components e4ttogether and-then ad to it their own message and their

 own spin _ and then by utilizing electronic devices and certain types of ---

 electronic waves to precipitate an experience in people, that while being

 totally contrived and false, would have elements of the real thing in it so

 that they would not be able to tell if it was fool's gold or real gold.


 It also ensures that civilian researchers who are tying to get to the bottom

 of this sort of thing will be able to put into their data base all these false

 cases, which ultimately will bury the real ones. Because we estimate that

 for every genuine on-board case, there are approximately 10 and maybe as

 many as 100 cases that are false ones that have been artificially induced.
   •
       !~ Ci
~Pnd,then the question becomes, how do you find that piece of gold that is
                                                                            486

buried under a mountain of fool's gold. And it becnmes a very difficult

question. In a similar fashion, the so-called cattle mutilations which have

been hoaxed deliberatelyjby the military have been copy-cat type events
                 /\
that approximate )but are not exactly the same as some of the genuine

extra-terrestrial experiments that are being done for probably very legitimate

scientific purposes. But by burying the real ones and also creating decoy

cases in the way of all these false ones at a ratio of approximately 10 to 1;

it is very difficult to identify the genuine cases, and the primary physician,

pathologist, who has been studying this for over 25 years, concurs that the

genuine cases are like a needle in a haystack. Andthey have been buried

under a mountain of false cases that are extremely similar; and therefore

would be easily confused, even by a skeptical, well-trained professional

scientist as real ones.


I return to a comment that an a`r.fdrce office of special:rnvestigations' officer

stated to me. And that is,

       "You are dealing with the big boys here."

Or as Mr. D'Amato with the Senate Appropriations Committee said,

       "This is the Varsity Team."

These people know what they are doing. They've got the resources, the

technology, the logistics, the strategy to do massive disinformation. And

this is why the truth on this subject is so difficult to discern amidst all the
                                                                         487

deception. And also why the general understanding of this subject is, in all

likelihood, approximately 180° off of true.   Just flipped right over. The

portrayal of these extra-terrestrials, as doing these things for the purposes

of convincing the world of a hostile alien threat (to use Ronald Reagan's

quote), is a deceptioaja grand deception of the first order of magnitude and

of the most severe consequence. Arid what it is probably stating to us is

that if you really want to know the truth of this, look 180° in the other

direction. And in all likelihood, these extra-terrestrial life forms are very

concerned about our hostility and aggression. And moreover, would like to

help us make this transition from out nation-state disfunction to a peaceful

global civilization.


But there are certain institutions that are going to lose if there is world

peace. You don't need a trillion dollars being spent on defense when you

have world peace.      There are a lot of institutions, corporations, entire

sectors of our society that stand to los should, heaven forbid, peace break

out. And so, when you look at this type of disinformation, you have to hin fc ---

what might be the real motive.


Now, in the case of these psycho-electronic abduction events, Mark Cannon --

and others have done extensive research documenting that the technology

has existed as far back as the 30's and 40's to simulate certain elements
                                                           ~•—             488

of these certain so-called abduction experiences. j31        e#aif1y `since the

60's when most of these accounts have been reported, there have been

fully operational systems of significant sophistication to be able to induce

abduction-like states and suggestive states.


It is interesting that there is a phenomenon that is know as the 'black

helicopter phenomenon, -            t,i5" associated with abductees.   And, of

course, these people think that they have been abducted by extra-

terrestrials and that these black helicopters are just mysteriously there

because the government knows that happened and are monitoring them.

In reality, these unmarked, black helicopters which are assigned to this

covert operation are jammed full of electronic capability so that they can

induce these abduction experiences. It is 100 percent opposite of what the

civilian researchers have assumed. This is a stunning disclosure, which is

not going to be very welcome.           Because there are people who have

invested not only their reputations and careers, but tremendous numbers

of years of their life basically chronicling and disseminating to the public the

deception and the disinformation of the covert control group, although they

are not aware of it. They are victims, also.


Q:     What about the people? They are not going to like it, either, the

ones who left in    e white raft.
                                                      7L1-
                                                                            489

A:      Yes, of course. And the people who have been the targeted victims

of this will be the most outraged. But we have to remember, as unseemly

and impossible as this may appear, we_musLrecall that in the not-so-distant

future fast?], covert operations within the United States government were

sprinkling plutonium on children's oatmeal as part of an experiment. This

now has been released from the Department of Energy, and it's a proven

fact.   So, it is an unpleasant thing to come to grips with this sort of

information but it's nevertheless important that we do. Because otherwise,        r

we allow ourselves to swallow hook, line, and sinker this disinformation,

poison pill that's been sugar-coated, and will therefore incorporate into our

belief system or our prejudicial system of assumption concerning the extra-

terrestrial life forms and why they may be here. We have to be extremely

careful of this. And no one is immune from this; whether it's the President

of the United States, the head of the CIA, heads of states elsewhere, Joint

Chiefs of Staff, all of these people are subject to being manipulated with

this kind of disinformation and "evidence" which is really pseudo-evidence

which has been internally generated by the covert group controlling this

question.


Q:      This is all in the mind? It takes place all in the mind, or do they act

it out somehow?

A:      The question is, is this all in the mind or is it acted out. In some
                                                                          490

cases they are all purely psycho-electronic stories that are induced; and at

other times people actually have been put into an altered state, have been

physically abducted by these paramilitary forces; and in fact some of them

have actually recalled being in the presence of military and paramilitary

forcesj and have recalled~h~at%And this has caused a lot of

confusion, because people will say, `.gee, it's supposed to be a UFO

encounter and here they are standing with a bunch of military people
                    0-   1c.U_d - ,
around.             this has caused people to make another wild leap of

assumptions, and that-4s that the extra-terrestrials' civilizations are in

cahoots with these covert forces and are doing things together. When in

reality, it is the mixing of a memory of encountering some of these covert

black operations with the programmed abduction memory. It's quite clear

to us that no, there probably has never been an extra-terrestrial abduction.

      have been human abductions carried out by covert operations, and
Three
th2ffthe ET encounters have been on-board encounters which do not have

the quality or flavor of an abduction at all.


             <<<.
But, ag ir~i~t's return to a very important concept. Words are powerful.

The choice of word 'abduction,' the choice of word 'mutilation,' the choice —' J

of word 'alien,' the choice ofrword 'unidentified flying object' whe they know __._f

they are extra-terrestrial vehicles, all of these are attempts to influence the

psychology surrounding the whole subject. And so, I have been frequently
                                                                                  491

asked, what do I think abut extra-terrestrial abductions, and my response

is I don't believe there has ever been one. I believe there have been extra-

terrestrial encounters, where people have been taken on board craft for

reasons which we may or may not fully understand; but that the really

violation-type experiences appear to be primarily, if not exclusively, human

covert operations. [Tape stops/starts.]


Q:     [garbled] You know it seems directed towards the general

population.

A:     The question is could the extra-terrestrials countermand or counteract

these covert efforts and essentially resolve the issue. The answer is that

yes, that is possible. But at the same time, so long as the public;tI   s   bae


up-   The whole purpose of this question is how to open dialogue and

communication between Earth civilization and these other life forms. If
                     c✓                           /
Earth civilization, if our psyche and consciousness,is poisoned by what our

own people are doing to each other, then that becomes a very large hurdle

to the establishment of this kind of relationship. And, to a large extent/4t

appears that the extra-terrestrial life forms and their civilizations are

expecting us to resolve that ourselves. This is a human problem which the

humans need to confront and resolve. And so, that is something which we

should expecf,,,we_shoW'assume responsibility for, collectively.
                                                                          492

Now, there are things, clearly, that the extra-terrestrial civilizations are

doing. Isn't it interesting that the sort of intense, prolonged, close-range,

well-documented waves of events over the last couple of decades have

almost exclusively been based in countries outside the United States?

Latin America. Peru)       Chili Mexico.   Belgium, which has had a very

favorable and open-minded response to the extra-terrestrial events. This

cannot be a coincidence. Then are-even-making a_statem_ent
                                                                      ~         \,
[To Steve: and crop circles? are they an innocuous attempt to catch

our attention_l-
              and,test our desire to communicate by de i her? M] We
  ~"tt            t4   l   /YC 1              _       C.C   -c 'Lt

don't fine hat Mexico City with I 5(4D 20 million people, wedei1d the LA

basin, with 14 million people having nearly daily over-flights in broad

daylight or night-time events occurring where the national news media are            ;

filming relatively low-level flying disks being_ pursuedby_planes and hate
                                                                                     )
bave=yau.' Why are those intense events not occurring there? Or, instead

ofvin Brussels, why did those events not occur outside of Washington, DC?

There is a statement associated with this; that the extra-terrestrial

civilizations appear to be making.


They are doing things to countermand it in the sense that they are

continuing to allow various peoples in the world to see that they are here

and they appear to be continuing a dialogue on sometimes subtle, but other

times not-so-subtle .ways with various individuals on this planet. So, it's
                                                                          493

correct to say that this covert operation in a sense only has as much power

as we want to give to it. Because the world's a very large place] .And there

are 5.5 billion people on this planet. And the extra-terrestrial life forms are
                                                     v~
multiple. They have multiple bases near Earth, (Jnder certain bodies of

water; they are Ftai(ly willing; we have proven through the CE-5

experiment, willinto interact with groups. And so this whole question in

terms of the effect of these covert operations are only as powerful as we

wish to abdicate responsibility and allow them toe-      erful. [Steve: Same

thing with political crisis in US; citizens making sound-bite decisions

to elect talking heads in order to abdicate personal responsibility and

education and decision making on issues. . . seems natural that other

would follow, unless you can ring a very big wake-up bell & cause

citizens to ". . ask what you can do for your country (planet)" M] And

so, this is a call for people to say, we can pull together and change this and

create our own reality on this planet and not be passive victims asi were

of a cult of secrecy, which,is'apparently run out of control.


Q:     A related question.    Has to do with the authenticity or the non-

authentic nature or disinformation nature of channeled events, so called

channeled events having to do with [Tape stops/starts]

A:     The question is regarding the channeled information about various

ET races and what-have-you.          I -think it was mentioned yesterd ,
                                                                         494
                                   I   ~.

channeledanfonaatfa~ tr~caas,lce all other remotely-viewed or channeled

or subjectively-acquired information, is only as good as the vehicle, as the

channel,tias to be viewed with at once open-minded but not gullible

perspective. My own opinion is that I am extremely skeptical of channeled

information .An    articularly if the channel charges for the information; and

particularly IV/ there is great celebrity attached t' that information; or if

information is proffered consistently which can never be objectively verified.

Because, then in that case, you can claim anything; and who's to dispute

it? So, unless it's information that can be a shared reality that people can

experience and confirm and objectively verify, it may be true; it may be

untrue. It may be a fantasy and a nice story; you will never know. And so,

I find it to be in most cases unhelpful.


Now, with that said, this does not preclude that type of information if it's

offered in an honest way, being used in scenarios where it can then be

checked. But, for the most part, it seems to be an inefficient way of gaining
                        i
information; becauseIf you understand the nature of non-local mind and

therefore can remote-view directly, why do you need to go through a

channel?   Because, there are, in other words, there are two points of

potential error there. You have the individual uman who claims to be the

channel, who may be injecting a lot of their own perspective and information

subconsciously or unconsciously into the information. But then, you have
                                                                               495

this source of channel material, which may be some entity that         -is
                                                                             simply

playing a trick on everybody; or who has information that is no more

accurate than what you or I might be able to find. ?So you have two

sources of possible error. It seems to be more helpful to be able to directly

through non-local mind remote-view the situation and then directly perceive

it. And even that has to be cautioned; should 1viewed--as-9rnething that

  ou        viewed in an open-minded way, but requires verification and

subsequent confirmation in a shared reality. BecauSéotherwise, it's a

slippery slope and people can slide into sort of an inner land of unreality

with all manner of imaginary material that can never be confirmed or

denied. And that is one of the dangers of the subjective realm.


The dangers of the objective ways of knowing is that it objectifies and

separates everything into pieces and parts. And you have a loss of holism.

But it also has some strengths. Because it creates a system scientifically

where things can be verified and reproduced.           On the other hand, the

subjective means of gaining information, remote viewing, has the ability of

doing so in a holistic way and a way that breaks down the barriers of

time/space and which more accurately portrays the nature of reality as a

non-local, non-linear entity. But it has the risk that if it's abused, or if it is

accepted too easily and without adequate humility, that every bit of

information which may be real or imaginary will be put out to people as the
                                                                          496
"truth" when in fact it may not be.


And    , .What is called for is moderation and balance, so that both the

objective and the subjective means of acquiring knowledge and information

are brought into some degree of harmony and a truly comprehensive and

holistic system of knowing the Universe is evo'Ived. In the coming years

and millennia, that will be firmly enshrined as the model for knowing. It will

not be either/or; it will not be a question of are only external medical

interventions useful, or are mental and meditative means useful. It will be

both) •AncLthe same thing in this sor of-question, in terms of gaining

information and knowledge. There will :b' 'a balance thatwill take place.

And while there will always abe a dynamic tension between the two, they •          .

will more and more~bej harmonized and understood

Unfortunately, we live in times of extremes; where the pendulum,goes either

wadfar on       y or way far the otl~,° where you will have'people who will       --.

reject everything related to the scientific method in the pursuit of more non-
                               7r
traditional approaches, or you wiU, ave rigid, reductionist scientists who will

reject everything that is of the subjective nature or of the spiritual

component, and accept only that which can be directly measured. And they

are both--equally wrong. The bad news is that they are both equally in

error. And so, what is required is a balancing of this. And so, when you

begin to look at any of these systems of subjective knowing, whether it be
                                                                            497

remote viewing, pre-cognitive dreams, intuitive knowledge, or such things

as channeling, you have to be very cautious in not overstating its efficacy.

At the same time, you have to be cautious noi: to dismiss it out of hand.           .

SoJ~there has to be a sense of balance and wisdom that comes tq play

here.   And this is something which largely gets lost in the hype and

emotionalism surrounding these sores'debates. People want it to be

simple, simplistic, all-or-nothing situation. And life, the Universe is not like

that.   Does that answer?


Q:      [garbled] economi impact of peace; is           t a part of this Chapter?

A:      Yeah/ *ell, it's part of, i o, it's [tape stoipslstarts]


On the question of the Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind Initiative, we

genuinely hope that people will help add to that knowledge and that

approach to establishing relations with extra-terrestrial civilizations,and

invite input from people. It is a pioneering effort, which certainly must be

imperfect, but which appears to be meetirg with some spectacular

successes. And the successes in and of themselves are not important.

What is really important is what that says abut the potential for such an

effort and what it says about the extra-terrestrial life forms and their

willingness to step into an increasingly open relationship with civilian

citizens of this planet who are doing this with a set of principles which seem
                                                                          498

to have a correct proportion of practical and ethical considerations to them.

It has been in many of our minds a confirmation of what we had hoped.

And thatisL_that if a group of people, no matter how small and ad hoc, came

together to say to these life forms, a are here and we are willing to open
                                   n
                                l
up a communication with you~that they would respond favorably and say,
                                  ~~    -                    „~ i
yes, we think that this is time For these life forms -.and if you will allow us

to indulge some remotely-viewed information on this -Jon numerous

occasions during, before, and after these Close Encounters of the Fifth Kind

we have been able to remote view not only the occupants of the craft, but

this central, deep-space complex where apparently their operations are

directed frortr and have seen tremendous happiness and joy and

gratification that a group of people have finally come together without

motive of greed, without-matwe-of militaristic dom inance, without motive of

exploitation to simply come together, no matter how humbly and how ad
              tl
hoc, and say, we are willing to extend a hand of welcome to you and to---

affirm that this is a relationship worth pursuing. That this has been, in fact .—

there have been times when it has been almost overwhelming the extent

to which these life forms have felt not only joy, but gratitude that this has

been initiated.    And we can't prove that, except that it has been seen by

multiple people on the team over and-over-again. And"we are rather4ertam --

that"that's the case.
                                                                           499

Q:     Celebration.

A:     It is a celebration. And beyond that, it is a sense also, '..ne feedback   --

by their even taking the time to do what they have done,           sometime;

probable risk to themselves, indicates that they are very excited about the

potential for this. And what they are asking us to do is to not only continue
                                                                             rj


that process, but having had that level of experience over the last 4 years,

to go to the world community and say, look, it's time for us to pull our heads

out of the sand and recognize that these life forms are hereand that we

need to find a way of communicating
                                  9 and bridging
                                            9 9 to them. An one of the

things that is urgently needed prior to any more dramatic Close Encounters

of the Fifth Kind is to begin to bring the world community up to speed, so

that this whole subject can be a topic of international dialogue and

consultation and no longer can be controlled by a very small and covert

group. jThe need for thq 1iere is a ynamic process And that is to the

extent that the world community is informed and educated as opposed to

mis-educated on this subject to that extent the extra-terrestrial life forms

will be more than willing to interact with us in an open way. An
                                                                   1 reason
for this is because they recognize that there are risks with a precipitous

disclosure. And so, this is why the Project Starlight effort is an important

complement to the Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind Initiative and the RMIT

effort, because it is a dynamic process; and they are mutually benefiting.

There's a certain synchrornity or symbiotic relationship there, where the
                                                                         500

one supports the other. And this just makes sense; that if we are doing this

for a purpose of opening this up for the whole world, then there can't be a

vacuum that exists forever in the worldwhere it is not known that these life

forms are here, or whether there is a vacuum that is continually being filled
                                            l   r
with disinformation and fear-mongering. So the correction of that imbalance

is a critically important step to take prior to a more open level and a more

dramatic level of Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind from these various

teams. And that is why we have put as much effort as we have into the

Project Starlight process over the last year and a half.


Ultimately, however, if the world does not want to know about this because

either out of apathy or odtjt"disinformation, we are confident that over the

next few years than       unmistakable extra-terrestrial event will occur,

whether it is with the CSETI team or not. And that it will be known to the

entire planet, simultaneously; because it will be an unmistakable and
                                    •


undeniable event that will notbe able to bra shut downy ,Because the world

is wired now to global communication systems. And what we are warning

this covert group about as well as the White House and the UN+is that we

had better do a pro-active educational program for our people on this planet    `?

before that time comes. Because otherwise, it will be too much of a shock            -

and too sudden. And it is totally avoidable" W are responsible for that.

Humanity is responsible for educating ourselves on this issue1_Xnd that is
                                                                           501

something which we cannot abdicate to any other group.


To the extent that that is successful, it will show the extra-terrestrial

civilizations that we are at a point of maturity and are willing to acknowledge

as a global community}that they are there. And, I think, at that point there

will be a tremendous increase in the intensity and the closeness of these

encounters.


So, it is a dynamic process where there is reinforcement. As the world is

educated properly, the extra-terrestrial life forms will increasingly be willing

to be more and more open. And it is clear to us that they are gauging this,

measuring this almost on a daily basis.


Q:     Is Canada as much in the dark as our Country?

A:     Yes, essentially.

Q:     Are we still in the 5th dimension or whatever?

A:     Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind? Yes, we are.

Q:     Have you ever touched another life form?

A:     Well, I've had one touch me. Yeah.

Q:     OK. What did it feel like?

A:     It was very interesting. Every hair on my head stood on end. I was

18 when one of those events happened.
                                                                          502

Q:     What's like the sensation? Is it, like, cool, hot, clammy, whatever?

A:     The question was asked if I personally - You know, I don't know how

far to get into any personal material for this book - I guess I could put it in

Q:     The tape is going to click off pretty. . .

A:     It's going to click off pretty soon. You know, the reason that I'm

interested in this field is because of personal knowledge that dates back to

childhood, certainly 8 or 9 years of age. And I had a sighting and also had
                                                       -/L4 -
several encounters with these life forms

years of             was fascinated with all of this mad everything; got

everything that I could; as a little kid, 8, 9, 10 years of age.


And then when I was 18 I was on a mountaintop meditating outside of a

college town where I was going to college up in the Blue Ridge Mountains

and around sunset saw one of these disks. [Also on page 168, 338] And

it kind of winked out. And I said, oh, that was a UFO; how neat. And then

 I sat and began to meditate. Well, it got dark and then the stars came out;
                                             /
~     it was an October day in 1973; and  II
                                          i       rystal clear, beautiful. You

could see every star in the Milky Way. And as I looked up to the sky, a
                                                               /t
very clear thought (but it didn't seem to be my own) said, behold what a

beautiful Universe God has made. And I had this extraordinary cosmic

consciousness experience, where I was in completely unbounded mind but

was also in waking state and was functioning. It was beautiful. And I
y26 w   `'
                  7 1
   (tire aJ   /


G& tiL6A,,T(z

    4
                                                                          503

turned to walk down from this fire tower which was at the top of this

mountain, down the road to the bottom. Ands I started down this gravel

road that was blocked at the bottom, because it was only open to the fire

service trucks, and now by this point it was pitch black, no moon; on my

right1felt someone standing on my right and looked down,

ski jacket on, to see a finger touch me on my right shoulder. And it was a

small extra-tArrAstrial life form   And my whole, of course I had long hair

then, this-mss bask-in-h     t mean literally it was like an electrical
                                              ca
my response because I wlas an 18 year old kid that was sort of freaked out
                                                             i
    the    ot,-k the side- - -tJ~ ad where there's s ' 6f like, not a-'

gut#~r,-but•just-sert-Ofa ditch on the edge of the gravel jeep trail, and god

into a fetal position., And I remember lying there looking at this creature

with these big eyes, who was really very benign and sweet, and was

thinking, what does this strange animal want with me? It was a very

childish thing to do. But that was my reaction, beQ use I meant, and I

subsequently had a protracted, about 2.5 hour on-board experience.


Q:     At that time?

A:     Yeah. And off planet. And it was very remarkable. And was not my

only

END TAPE 10, SIDE A
              to tA   GL~M,


               r1.


~. -~                 ,jJ -^J
        aJti-'- ►
                       /1   A
                                                                               504

TAPE 10, SIDE B:                                                                         0


        . was solely related to this young human experiencing universal mind and

what potential that might have for bridging our two people.


Q:          Did you get yourself out of the ditch and follow the ET to the craft?

Or?

A:          I was floated into the craft.


And when I got back to my dorm, it was; I should have been back by 8:30

or 9:00. It was close to midnight. So I wa

sense of time,
                                                    -wagone, I didn't have any

                       was gone for' 2 or 3 hours. And it was then that the
                                                                                     1
coherent thought sequencing was, kind of, co-invented between these extra-

terrestrials and me. And I started practicing it. A        thy; every night that .

I did it, a craft was seen in the area,

                             erned, ffrfght
                                        n


                                      ond_bellef. And so, I slopped-di ng it

 wrn.
            every night when I would lie down to go to bed, I would, because I

 as meditating, .I would,/l just would get into that state of non-local mind

and then expand consciousness to deep space and connect with the extra-

terrestrial life forms and have a great time conversing with them. And then

would guide them right to this little college town. And every time I would do

that through this coherent thought sequencing, they would appear. It was
       httn-    Gu-   -'~


(97S                  ~J

                            J


                 A ',~'
         'IL2
                                                                            505

even in the newspapers. I mean, it was a very,. big wave, sort of a micro-

wave that started up when I saw, at first I thought this had to be a

coincidence, and then I thought it wasn't. And when I realized it wasn't, I

freaked out and said, that's it; I'm stopping this right now. So, atxet I did not

do it for another 2 years. And then in '75 when I was training to be a

teacher of TM over in Yssingeaux, France, in the Maritimes Alps, there was'

a . . . I decided to do this one morning and see if it would work. So I did

it aftej of course we were mediating 61è hours a day, so it was very easy

to access this non-local state'      went out after lunch with several friends

(a couple of whom live he         n the Denver area who will attest to this

event). And we went-o       and here was thisLin a crystal-blue Alpine sky,,a

huge tetra-hedral shaped spacecraft,sij,       that came floating right towards

us and hovered there. And I sort of acknowledged it, smiled, and giggled;

and they were going,,oh, my god! You know, because one of them is an

Italian-American from New Jersey and was just like, unglued; it was
                    ~JI     zt           /,`
fantastic. And she's lone of my closest friends in Denver and she-- dLisf

It was just a wonderful, wonderful experience.


But what that said to me is that that was still apparently an operational

system. And so; -and ;it worked. And then 2 years later, in 1977, I tried it

one more time. And this time I was living up in a little resort area called

Blowing Rock, North Carolina, up in the Blue Ridge Mountains,-a            ad a
                                                                            506
friend. And we were in different rooms. And-one=          the rooms ,       bc      ~

.taQll~a( his bedroom and mine, were separated by a wall; and there was a,

window sort of above his bed and one above mine. And before I went to

sleep hi~~        accessed non-local mind, sort-bfuniversal mind, and then

did this coherent thought sequencing. But in my sort of, of course nF' (I — --
        ura-°~
guess I erfi 22 years old or something at that point. the Iate F21! or early

December of '77; and I say,

        "This is Steve," I convey to them, "and I'm from Charlotte, North

        Carolina, and I was born in this hospital."

And I showed them all this. And I showed them where the larger city iS;

where'Charlotte, North Carolina, is; and then I showed them how to go from

there up to the Blue Ridge Mountains in Blowing Rock. Well, a few hours

later, I wake up; and there is this non-human intelligence projected into the

room. I don't see anything, I just sense it's there. And I look out, and

here's this huge disk, brilliantly-lit disk hovering no more than 100 feet in the
                                                                  -     `~
air above our windows. Well, I instantly wake up arty go, oh, my go

Jump up, run out into the living room; Roger wakes up, sees this; jumps up,

runs out to the living room and he said, ,do you see that and I said do you

see that. And it came around the front of the house, in front of where

Grandfather Mountain is, and sort of made a sweeping arch and then sped

away.
                                                                               507

Now, the next day we learned that it was all in the news that two of these
                                 r
spacecraft were sever Charlotte, were pursued by the snoopy-2 police

helicopteQas well as on radar at Charlotte Airpor             ~the part of town that

they were seen in was the part that I had shown them) wer'e I was born arid

grew up. Now, they could have come directly to Blowing Rock, but they did

that to show the specificity of this technique. The high specificity-of-this.

A1d /It was fascinating, becatts   it was on radar and we have the FAA

Tower tape, plus an interview with the police helicopter pilot, and it was

reported in the media. Well, I didn't know that until the next day; when I
                  ~1 A-
heard that I went, oh, my god; this is            unbelievable. And so after

that I never did it again, until CSETI was formed in late 1990.


Q:     When you were with them, did you feel the oneness and the love?

A:    Yes. Oh, yes. Always.


One of the reasons why I am so skeptical about all these other sto?'(you

know, shortly after CSETI was formed and we had a major event in Gulf

Breeze, Florida in 1992, I was invited to give a talk at a conference in

Atlanta, the TREAT Conference which had a large number of, Welly hh L'!
                                              L   ---'   --
can we say, covert operatives who were at thisgnference✓iad, u?n, t
                                                         )
wanted me to talk about what had happened `ecause they had heard

about it and they were just stunned. Because it was a major CE-5 that
                                                                            508
happened in Gulf Breeze, Florida; which has since been utterly debunked

and discredited. But it was unbelievable, the psychological warfare and the

attacks that have followed us since we've been doing this work.             Not

surprising, but tt's-be rdisturbing.


\ Ihat_happened w     1          the banquet speech and all this sort ofthf g, ,

Maj. Gen. Albert Stubblebind (the former head of Army Intelligence, of

course who would have been based at Fort Huachuca, Arizona, where

la      another source teN t`fs,1the bodies and the crafts hate       rf stored
as well as a National Security Agency operative and a colonel at Los
                                                                  i


Alamos in charge of non-lethal defense there and i4-sham the psychic

warfare unit against ETs, and several other people, a couple of whom were

intelligence agents, sent me to a hotel room and said, "We'd like to talk with

you."


And I said, OK. I guess this was probably around ten o'clock or something.

And until 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning we sat and there were 64 questions.

And, essentially, they wanted to know what in the hell we were doing and

how far were we willing to take it. And I said we are willing to take this t its

ultimate conclusion, and that our intentions were to precipitate a significant

ET event and to educate the entire planet about this in due course. And if

necessary, to carry it live on CNN into every country.
                                                                         509
Well, one of them turned white. And they knew that we had the capacity

to do this, because they knew what had happened in Gulf Breeze was real,

notwithstanding all the disinformation they subsequently put out about it to
       V
try and to convince people it wasn't. There were 50 witnesses and we have

5 video tapes of it. So, I meant it's ridiculaus-#iaLtk eytry-fo +scredit it.

But_ttLeyI~ave_ t-t1 ve been__call   everything bUt a-whiQEhris n; horrible.


                                     ~v
Well, the upshot of this talk was~M,At one point they asked. . .they asked —!
      I
uI' ' .Qer-taan questions had made'it-seem that. . Ihat that was

'Well, what would you do if this happened to stop what you were' and blah,

blah, blah. And I wanted to be very clear, because I knew who I was with.

I mean, I was with a whole bunch of folks who-        'covert people J ad an

interest in-this-and-ham-had a connection to it for years, decades in some

cases. And I turned to them and I said,


       "Well, I had a near-death experience when I was 17, so I am not

afraid of dying. So there is nothing that can be done to stop me on that

level. I am not rich, but I am wealthy enough that you can't buy me off.

And thirdly, I have had direct, first-hand contact with these spacecraft and

their occupants; and so you won't be able to confuse me about who they

are and why they are here."
                                                                           510
 And Maj. Gen. Stubblebind was sitting sort of to my left like this and was —'

 going [pause] just like that; nodding his head thinking, we know exactly

 who this son-of-a-bitch is. A1tt it was a very intense evening_       It went-

 probably LI 2 —:b 00-in the mornhf1. And wh -wafaknat

 that, is tht I felt that I needed to establish to these guys that we couldn't

 be bought, that we couldn't be frightened off, and we couldn't be deceived

 about what's really going on, because we have the means and the prior

 history of direct knowledge of these life forms. Bec             have gotten

 a very easy ride. People have either been afraid; or they have been able

-to ~   compromised by being bought off (keep in mind that there is a

 member of this PI-40 control group who told'         told me directly, that

 general who was in charge of black operations shared (the--day-fihahe drd,-

.i fac4he died of a heart attack-the- day that-he shared-this) that they had

 spent ov€r- tha year the had paid 10,0OO people, at least 10,000 people,

 one million dollars apiecebr more:to buy their silence. Now, that's only 10

 billion dollars; and as you know, in the military the say a billion here and a

 billion there, and pretty soon you are talking about real money. But the

 point here is that over the years that they have done that. So, what they

 were seeing here was someone who wasn't afraid of death and the threats

 of death; was not afraid of, could not be bought off, because as a physician

 I could earn enough to do OK and I have enough assets; I am not that

worried, anyway, about money. And thirdly, that the other thitii~-t~~I they 'r—
                                                                                           rm~


                                                                             511
always relied on was the fact that people really didn't know what they were

doing.   Most of these researchers and leaders of most of the civilian

organizations have never even seen a UFO. They have never seen-one,

ever;-never    'ad bad_aaymore direcLconnection to it. And so, the result

of that w 1 - fiat the field was very easily manipulated. And what I was

conveying to them was that I didn't fall into those categories; and I would

not be deterred. And if nothing else, we persevere.


So, it was a very interesting exchange. And, of course, subsequently what

happened is that they tried to co-op the entire CSETI operation into their

operation. My wife and I were actually courted repeatedly, attempting to get

us to amalgamate, formally and legally amalgamate, into their operation.

And I said not only no, but hell no; politely first, and then firmly later. And

that was in May of '92; and by June of '92, Katie bar the door, the entire

civilian network was filled with people providing disinformation about what

we were doing and what4 a e-~ou. And it continues to this day.


So--those ale very predictable things. So, yes And I think that's        r    IJyzL

an important point. It's not something that I like to share publicly so much,

because I can't prove it.      Now, some of these things were multiple

witnesses, too; the ones in Yssingeaux, France, the ones-u i             North

Carolina. But a lot ofJhe things were things thatfiappened just alone; and            —J
                                                                      512

so, I don't expect anyone to believe them necessarily, because it's purely

anecdotal. But that's certainly why I am coming from where I am; it's

something I've had a connection to and interest in since I was very young,

and which doesn't seem to want to let go. Lmar , it soft-of-continues.

END TAPE 10-B
