{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T05:56:32Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1134247, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117166-disclosure-an-expose-of-the-greatest-secret-of-the-20th-century-1999.pdf", "source_sha256": "4875a8479e947d2e5ec82b645b20f075cd0a3ceecfe960158559bf8c3c21217e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 285, "chars": 1904, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE
AN EXPOSE OF THE GREATEST SECRET OF THE 20th CENTURY
copyright © 1999 Steven M. Greer
A BRIEF OVERVIEW OF THE SERIES:
Unden lal proof the existry an extra costil terms ra regat and that
the matter for over fifty years!
Indeed, the recently acquired evidence is so compelling - and the number of
deep- cover government and military witnesses willing to come forward so
definitive- that this documentary series will constitute a de facto government
disclosure.
Based on the research and findings of Dr. Steven Greer, the founder and
director of the non-profit Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial
Intelligence (SETI) this documentary will include only the best, most
credible and verified evidence related to UFOs and extraterrestrial
intelligence (ETI).
Dr. Greer, who has been identifying such top-secret witnesses and evidence
since 1990, has personally brieted such world leaders as sitting CIA
Director James Woolsey, tamily of UN Secretary General Boutros Ghali,
former Ministry of Defense head and five star admiral Lord Hill-Norton,
various European leaders and royalty, senior Joint Chiefs of Staff and
Pentagon officials (Admiral and General rank) numerous members of the US
Senate and House of Representatives, including committee chairs, among
others.
Virtually all such officials have 'green-lighted' this Disclosure, but are
intimidated by the prospect of doing so themselves. Hence the privatization
ot such a disclosure.
This documentary must not be confused with other productions done in the
normally tabloid UFO genre. "Disclosure" will look and feel a great deal
more like a '60 Minutes' or 'Nova' episode than anything which has been
done on the subject heretofore.
Only the finest, verified and vetted evidence and government and military
witnesses will be featured in the series, and high-end research and real
investigative reporting will be the core of the project.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1850, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE EVIDENCE:
Evidence to be featured in this historiç series includes:
The best of the nearly 200 top-secret military, government,
astronaut, cosmonaut and aerospace contractors who have been first-.
hand witnesses to unambiguous top-secret UFO/ET events and.
projects (see witness summary attachment). These witnesses, ranging
from astronaut and cosmonaut heroes of the Us and former soviet
Union, to military officers involved with landed and/or crashed ET
objects, to scientists and technicians who have actually worked on
reverse-engineering ET technologies for deep-cover black' projects;
will make a definitive and irrefutable case for the reality of the subject.
•The world's best, scientifically confirmed photos, videotapes and
movie footage of UFOs and EȚ craft.
An expose of the nearly 2000 pages of government documents
ieceived by Dr. Greer after his briefing with the CIA Director in
December of 1993. These documents are smoking gun evidence, are
and have a pedigree based on a direct release resulting from a FOLA
(Freedom of Information Act) request
The best of nearly 3500 commercial and military aircraft pilot
encounters, many with multiple witnesses, radar tape footage and
both radar and visual confirmation.
The best of physical evidence, physical trace cases from landed
and/or crashed UFOs and quite likely actual materia. ot
extraterrestrial origin retrieved from landed or crashed UFO events.
This and additional evidence will be woven into a compelling story which
includes the following inter-locking themes:
•
•
The evidence and phenomenon itself
An overview and history of the subject
An exclusive expose of how secrecy has been maintained and the
legal, constitutional and social implications of such super-secret
'black' projects - projects which remain outside the reach of elected
and appointed world leaders.
•
•

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 283, "chars": 1858, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A thorough expose of the nature of the extraterrestrial
technology systems, how the UFOs appear to operate and why such
knowledge has been guarded so strictly for over 50 years. This expose
will show that the reverse - engineering of UFO/ET craft led to major
technological breakthroughs beginning in the late 1940s and early
1950s -and that such knowledge, once revealed, will replace every
known form of energy (oil, coal, gas, nuclear) currently used on earth.
Once the above technologies, are described, the viewer will then be
shown the raison d'etre of UFO Secrecy: Why the secrecy was imposed to
begin with - and why it is still being enforced today.
This includes:
The implications of Disclosure: how every aspect of life on earth
will be changed and how a sustainable civilization may be possible
through these revolutionary technologies. The documentary series
will show how the environment, the economy and other aspects of
society will benefit long-term by the eventual disclosure and
application of those now technologies, From scionce and tochnology,
to the economy and the earth's strained ecosystem, a multi-
disciplinary approach will address the question of what happens
when the matter is tully revealed?'.
The emerging and embryonic relationship with humans and
extraterrestrial peoples, and how this relationship has been mis-
managed and neglected by the exclusive control of the subject within
oft-budget black projects, will be investigated and analyzed
'Disclosure' will look at the risks of current covert management as well
futures' will open the door to the possibility of humanity evolving
into a truly cosmic civilization - if we can survive the challenges
These and other themes will be melded into a comprehensive, credible and
sweeping look at a subject previously the domain of ridicule, denial or
tabloid media treatments.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 2096, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE LOOK AND FEEL OF 'DISCLOSURE':
Key to the success of this documentary series is the quality of what.is
included - and the rigorous process of excluding the anecdotal,
sensationalistic and bogus. In the past, a typical hour of documentary
treatment of this subject has contained pérhaps 10-15 minutes of
substantive information. The remainder usually consists of speculation,
anecdotal accounts, sensational subject matter lacking supporting evidence
and the like.
In "Disclosure", such material and subjects such as alleged abductions,
mutilations, exaggerated claims and theories will be assiduously avoided. A
strict. filtering system will eliminate such material so that any reasonably
intelligent person viewing the series will come away, at a minimum, :
quesționing the status quo of denial.
The entire series will be oriented to an intelligent, main-stream audience
and will have both production and content standards such that scientists,
main-stream news media, policy makers and academics will sit up and take
notice.
The evidence, top-secret witnesses and investigations are so extraordinary
that avoiding any sensationalizing will make the series quite sensational.
In an understated way. The gravitas of the matter will come through by the
discipline of the production team - by strict standards of what is in and
what is out - but also by a milieu of seriousness and credibility. This
production will contain no re-enactment's, no tabloid spacey or scary music
or images. The material itself will be compelling enough. To embellish it
would only diminish its extraordinary importance.
This is not to say that " Disclosure" will be hide-bound and boring. On the
contrary, it will be fast paced, dramatic and compelling. But sensationalizing
the matter will be strictly avoided.
In short, "Disclosure" will be one of the most important and news-worthy
documentaries in the history of the medium. Done properly, it may very
well lead to the long-awaited Congressional and UN inquiries promised
decades ago. "Disclosure has the very real potential of changing the course
of history.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 180, "chars": 1126, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MARKETING THE SERIES:
The documentary is intended to air following a national press conference
(including fifty of the best witnesses) currently being organized by Dr. Greer.
Additionally, numerous radio appearances are being planned to launch the
event.
Here is a brief list of marketable venues in which Dr. Greer has appeared and
has a track record with:
Larry King Live
Heironimus and Co. in DC
Sunday Times of London
NHK TV Japan
NTV Japan
BBC TV
BBC Radio
UPN Network
Armstrong Williams
Sightings on the Radio
Yoga Journal
New Age Journal
Sedona Journal of Emergence
UFO Magazine
UFO Magazine UK (much larger than the US version and not related around
100k circulation and very supportive of SETT's work)
UFO - Italy magazine (very large distribution - big supporters of his work)
New Frontiers Magazine
OMNI Magazine
Potential investors should also note that Dr. Greer is a favorite guest on the
'Art Bell' radio show and has the ear of millions of fans. Domestic home
video sales alone of this documentary series should exceed the initial
investment by five to ten fold.
For all additional information please contact;

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 440, "chars": 2775, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Witness Summary Attachment
The following is a brief summary list of some of the top-secret witnesses
identified by Dr. Greer who are willing to be interviewed in the expose.
Approximately 200 such military and government witnesses to UFO/ETI
events currently exist.
Witness A: Captain of a navy contract vessel in charge of retrieving ICBM test
missiles in the south Atlantic, August 1963. During one evening, UFO seen
on radar and then abruptly disappeared. Following morning, the captain
was vectored to the place where the UFO vanished and they found an
ejection pod, approximately 6 feet by 6 feet, containing 3 extraterrestrial
• biological entities (EBEs): Each ET was clad in a one piece flight suit, was
about 40 inches tall, olive-complexion, 4 digits, etc. This witness handled
the EBEs and has detailed information concerning their morphology, how
they were taken off of his ship by a navy nuclear submarine and how the
ET ejection pod was transierred to another surtace ship.
Witness B: MSM; a naval worker at Atlantic Command, Norfolk, with a
top-secret, SCI (Special Compartmentalized Intelligence) clearance, October
1981. Present during a prolonged encounter off the eastern US seaboard of a
300 foot UFO, disc shaped, which came in from space, and was monitored
on radar (multiple) and KH-11 spy satellites. This witness was in the control
room at Atlantic Command during the entire event. The UFO was confirmed
(by hotline ) to be neither Soviet nor US. Admiral X (known to us) then gave
the order to force down or destroy the object, and military jets were
scrambled from land and sea-based carriers in the Atlantic. The UFO
propulsion was so extraordinary that in ONE sweep of the radar screen, the
disc would move from ofi the coast of Newioundland, to the area of
Jacksonville Florida. One jet briefly got close enough to photograph the
object (clear conditions, unlimited visibility). This photograph was later *
enlarged and shown on large screen in the Atlantic Command for Admiral
X. This witness was present throughout the encounter and chase, and
subsequently saw the photograph of the huge metallic disc.
Witness C: Major GF, Air Force Intelligence (21st Air Force Intel) at
McGuire Air Force Base NJ, November 1978, came in to work one morning
and found the control room in chaos. He was informed that a UFO had
violated the perimeter of the base the previous night, and that an ET was
shot and killed outside on the tarmac. He was informed that he was to brief
the general of the base that morning. Major GF collected information on the
event and prepared to brief the general, but subsequently 'Blue Berets"
from Wright-Patterson AFB in Dayton Ohio flew in and took over the
operation. An Air Force C-141 transport camé and took the ET body

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 2960, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(deceased) to Wright-Patterson AFB. Witness D is an MP who guarded the
ET body prior to disposition and stood near the body (Witness I is NO1
known to Witness C).
Witness E: Edwards Air Force Base Air Traffic Controller, present during
long and detailed encounter with up to 7 UFOs over the Edwards facility in
1965. Controller had UFOs on radar for over FOUR HOURS and had jets
scrambled to pursue. Each time 'lock-on' occurred with on-board jet radar,
the UFOs would disappear and instantly reappear in another area of the sky.
Also noted landing event of UFO at one point. We have located and possess
the previously scrambled tape recording of the air traffic control
conversations with jet pilots and others about the encounter. The tape
recording corroborates the account of this important witness.
Witness F: Soviet Cosmonaut PP, most decorated Soviet cosmonaut, has had
multiple UFO encounters and sightings as both a pilot and cosmonaut. He is
willing to describe these in detail.
Witness G: Sandia National Laboratories Engineer who directly worked
with and knew of programs studying extraterrestrial materials and
technologies for reverse-engineering tasks. This witness also has knowledge
of security surrounding such ET technology transier projects and specitics
of types of devices studied with applications.
Witness H: Captain GB, a navy pilot and captain who in 1951 was flying a
group ot Navy VIls across the north Atlantic when he and his co-pilot saw
what looked like a small city in the middle of the ocean. They contacted
Gander radar which confirmed the object on radar. The UFO moved in 1-2
seconds from a distance of 25 miles to directly in front of the plane.
Auto-pilot was disengaged to avoid a collision. Object tlew along beside
them and them took off at extraordinary speed and was out of range very
quickly. Substantial electromagnetic effects from the craft occurred,
including gyroscope spinning wildly out of control when the UFO was very
near. Estimated size about 300 feet diameter. Corroborating official
government documents and report of the events have been obtained by the
pilot and are now in our possession.
Witness I and Witness J: Two separate witnesses, unknown to each other,
who at different times and at different places, saw NASA photographs with
UFO oI ET tacilities (moon). Witness 1 was present at Johnson Space Center,
working under contract with Ford Aerospace, and directly saw clear day
time photograph from a satellite with a disc shaped UFO, which cast a
shadow on the earth beneath it. When she asked what they would do with
the photo (she wrongly assumed it would be released to the public) she was
told that it, like others, would be altered and the UFO would be removed
from the image prior to release to non-secure NASA or other agency use.
Witness I saw strips of film showing extensive artificial structures on the
dark side of the moon which were there result of the Lunar Orbiter
overflights.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2537, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Witness K: Major SL, a respected lawyer, was an Army cryptographer in the
Pentagon 1959-61. He was shown metal samples of debris from the crash of
an extraterrestrial craft in New Mexico in the late 1940s, and it was
demonstrated to him the extraordinary properties of the material. He saw .
the ET writing on the debris and was told it was being studied by Army•
cryptographers, but that they had not (in 1959) broken the code. He also
had confirmed to him then President Eisennower's interest in the subject,
that he knew of the subject, but that he was being left out of substantial
information dealing with El technology programs. Major Su had a top-
secret clearance and continues to possess a top secret clearance as an Army
reserve Major.
Witness L: Counter-Intelligence Corp (CIC) officer from the 1940s who was
directly at the site of a crashed extraterrestrial device and who directly
saw the device and the EBEs which had died at the site of the event.
Witness M: DD, Air Force Office of Special Investigations, very decorated
officer with detailed knowledge of recent covert programs related to the
subject of UFOs and who has been in an underground storage facility at Fort
Huachuca AZ (Army Intelligence Headquarters) where he has personally
seen multiple retrieved extraterrestrial craft and ET bodies in storage. He has
knowledge of the nature of the ultra-secret group which manages the UFO
matter. Witness M is a very credible witness who is seriously afraid of
being identified and whose identity will need to remain secret (disguised),
Witness N: Lt. Col. JW, a highly respected Air Force officer and public
relations official, present at NE air force base in 1969 during a prolonged
encounter with large, silent triangular UFOs which over-flew area of base
with strategic nuclear assets. Was on base radar and seen by others in the
area. As public information officer, has knowledge of how such events
were/are denied, covered up and 'spun'.
Witness O: Cosmonaut MP, USSR, highly decorated test pilot and
cosmonaut with multiple unmistakable sightings and encounters while
working as a test pilot and cosmonaut.
Witness P: Air Force Colonel PC, involved with covert programs related to
retrieval and study of crashed ET crait, including extensive knowledge of
applications of reverse-engineered extraterrestrial technologies and covert
management and disinformation on the subject. Also had assignments with
the National Security Council and other intelligence and military programs,
and has impeccable credentials.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2190, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Witness Q: KS, US Air Force career air traffic controller and radar
operator with top secret clearance, present at Minot ND Strategic Air
Command (ICBM) base who had multiple extraordinary encounters with
UFOs on radar.and documented maneuverability of shocking proportions
, such as instant vertica. accelerations to >5000 miles per hour straight up,
against the force of gravity, etc.
Witness R: Mercury Astronaut and American hero Gordon Cooper, had
clear sighting of disc shaped UFO 1950s and also had his squadron film a
landed UFO at Edwards Air Force Base. Film was flown on the general's
plane to the Pentagon and was never seen again.
Witness S: Admiral LHN (five star admiral) and head of British Ministry of
Defense (MOD) and MI-5, MI-6, is an inverse witness. That is, he is willing
to go on record that he knows the subject is ieal but that as MOD head he
was kept in the dark about projects related to the subject, even though he
knows now that they were on-going during his term in office. This inverse
witness provides extraordinary insight into the depth of secrecy
surrounding the subject. As one of the most decorated military officers of
the 20th century, his insights are historic and compelling and expose the
unprecedented level of secrecy related to this subject.
Witness T: MS, USAF Radar operator and air traffic control officer present
during multiple UFO craft over-flights at the Klamath Falls OR Keno site in
1972; contirms that NORAD at Cheyenne Mountain CO would hand-off the
UFOs routinely and provide a 'heads up' warning that they were coming,
and ask that military traffic be routed around the path of the speeding UFOs.
Also later present at a very low altitude event, on radar, in Ohio, which
resulted in police car chase of the UFO through the countryside.
NOTE: There are multiple additional witnesses equal to those listed above,
but we have listed these as they represent various military and intelligence
operations over a wide span of time and place. All witnesses are willing to
sign statements that their information is truthful and that they would be
willing to testify under oath before Congress regarding these events and
programs. (
•is.
•
