{"created_utc": "2026-08-12T11:19:04Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 6222712, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117186-project-starlight-book-chapter-8-pg-355-396.pdf", "source_sha256": "1916d4f9ab0d4d841b18116c1e83b843ee8d194083252f5e00d48efa4b5a983f"}

tVt'CA_øt £4*.L I   tYtk 4 _..
                             ..   -
                                                                        355

TAPE 8, SIDE A:

(Note: Continued from Chapter 5)

                             CHAPTER EIGHT

            FOUNDATIONS FOR INTER-PLANETARY UNITY

                          (Continued Discussion)

This is a continuation on the discussion on the Foundations for Inter-

Planetary Unity.


A fundamental requirement of stepping into the possibility of relations with

other non-human life forms which have found their way to our corner of the

galaxy, is to be very careful about the assumptions that are made regarding

the intentions of these life forms. This is a particularly difficult task for

humans, who as mentioned previously have a long and grotesque history

of exploitation of one another and of prejudice and of inter-Nicene warfare

and hatred. It is a particularly acute problem in dealing with the unknown.

Because in this case we are not only not dealing with humans who ar . .         ~ /1

 (funny sound interrupts)


The tendency ef-hamats to engage in xenophobic assumptions about the

unknown are very well documented and this has become a problem not

only with differing peoples on this planet, but has already become an acute

problem in dealing with the extra-terrestrial and UFO question. Anxieties
                                                                             356

 related to fear of the unknown, in all likelihood, trace back to the limbic

 system development in the primal brain of mammalian species and of

--Finn-s. And in the human experience to the days when there was an

 acute fear of one tribe or an invading people coming in and with foreign
                        A
 customs and behaviors,,attacking a village, raping the women, stealing the

 goods, and otherwise conquering.


 The activities which we have seen in human evolution that speak to this

 tendency not for warfare but also for a distinct fear of different types of

 people and fear of the unknown has resulted today in the widespread

 racism and animosities that exist amongst people. The world at this time

 is attempting to break out of a long history of tribalism and warfare as it

 gropes its way towards a global society. And .on the heels of that, and

 actually contemporaneously with this process, is the challenge of reaching

 to extra-terrestrial life forms and attempting to keep those primal instincts

 of fear of the unknown and rejection of intelligent life forms that are different

from us~in check. So far both in the civilian UFO subculture and apparently

in the covert control group, these tendencies have predominated and the

 basic primal instinct to reject the unknown and to fear the unknown has

            Eed~


This is a profoundly important question as we look at establishing diplomatic
                                                                           357

inter-planetary relations. Becaus4f we have difficulty as people relating to

fellow humans because of relatively minor differences in beliefs or skin color

or what     ve-yoQ; - how are we going to deal with life forms which, by           --

definition, will have different body types,#> td of knowledge, and-seas

mentioned previously.      This tendency towards xenophobia and of the

rejection and fear of the unknown is something which can only be

transcended by a deliberate attempt by people to analyze their feelings and

their assumptions and to exercise tremendous restraint.


The -restraint that`s-required here is tremendous.       Beca            risk of

misinterpreting extra-terrestrial actions and jumping to utterly false and

misleading conclusions are very, very great. Some examples of these have

been shared previously, such as assumptions about the intentions of extra-

terrestrial life forms and their fforts to contain space exploration activities.

We have learned for example, '            ast week to two weeks, that there

are entire areas of space that have been blinded, essentially, to our

satellites and to our space probes; because the extra-terrestrials have

facili~ies in that area and do not wish to be fired upon.


Now, this control of those areas of space could be misinterpreted as

evidence of hostility. In reality, it's a response to a long and well-

documented history of bot14US and Chinese and Russian forces pursuing
                                                                          358

these spacecraft and firing on them in attempts to down the spacecraft.

These sort of tensions which develop are avoidable, but only if people use

tremendous restraint in jumping to conclusions and making assumptions.


To relate this a little more to the human condition, I would like to step back

in our own history and look at how interiactions occurred between Native

American: and European settlers. And_what-acc                             ,the

Native American peoples who were, of course, to a large extent being

invaded by European settlers, had varying customs and beliefs. Ahd'tfiese

differences caused the European settlers to hold them in not only low

esteem, but also with some degree of fear and trepidation. Many conflicts

occurred because of wrong assumptions that were made, false

assumptions, prejudices which ensued, and the result of course is now

history with the virtual destructiO'r6f the Native American peoples in North

America, etc. Similar histories can be recounted between various tribes,

various religions, and amongerthe race relations between Europeans and

Africans.


We have a responsibility if we are going to step into the arena of inter-
                           A
planetary communicationsto be very conscious and very aware of the need

for restraint in this regard. And to also be aware of the subconscious or
                                                                          359

unconscious fears which humanity has:which could come-to-tturface and

cookl lead to actions that in response could develop a scenario of inter-

planetary conflict.


     A
No       many of the problems that occur in the civilian mind on thi~have been

deliberate attempts at disinformation. And       r policy makers and military

people have been affected by these deliberate disinformation attempts from

the covert group. A very good example of this is the predominance of the

so-called abduction phenomenon in the UFO sub-culture and in the
                    i
literature as wel5in popular books, magazines, video tapes, and movies.


I would like to share one example of how things can be distorted and lead

to creating an entire body of anxiety within the human condition. Look at

the response that anyone would have to the idea of an invading non-human

force abducting people. This speaks to the most primal fear of humans in
                                                                    A
their tribal mind. In the tribal brain, evolutionary brain, of humans,the idea

of other peoples coming and taking women and children,ortakis members

of the tribe is one of the fundamental fears that is left in the consciousness

of humanity. Is it a coincidence that we have found strong evidence that

a covert cell of the control group on this subject have developed and
             4iL
deployed - hy~electronic and other devices to induce abduction

experiences in certain members of the public, and then have steered these
                                                                           360

experiencers to UFO support groups and researchers so that their accounts

would be known publicly and we become the foci of books, movies,

magazine articles, and so forth. It does not take a rocket scientist to figure

out what the intended effect of thattype of active disinformation would be

and, in fact, has been. Itsatastrophically positioned the subject in the

area of space invaders coming and snatching woman and child alike from

bedroom for the purpose of exploitation.


Now, not withstanding the irrational premise of such an assessment, this

has become the mythology and the accepted belief system of a vast

majority of people involved in looking into this subject in the civilian sector.

And so much so, that one of the first questions asked of me in a briefing

with the Director of Central Intelligence was, "What about these

abductions?" Because he had not been 'read into' the programand he,

like everyone else, had been a victim of the disinformatior the Director of --

Central Intelligence. Similarly, the Secretary General of the United Nations

has had similar concerns; as have other people that we have been briefing.


The insidious effect of this type of active disinformation has to be brought

to light. And then humanity must consciously step back from the precipice

of the hysteria and the fear which has been engendered by this type of

manipulation. Because it has brought us to the brink of preparation for
                                                                            361

inter-planetary war. The intended purpose of this campaign has been to

condition humanity in their mass consciousness towards the premise that

extra-terrestrial life forms are hostile and require a military defensive, if not

offensive) response.


Such attempts are well documented through other times of war, qw          rl'the

enemy has been demonized, exaggerated, and                    eve=y8t( We all
know of Hitler's attempts to demonize Jewish people. Less known are the

attempts during World War II to portray all Japanese and Orientals as

demonic and deranged and dangerous. It is also in all likelihood not a

coincidence that one of the first members of the control group on this
                       W
                           1k-
subject was General Biddel Smith, who during World War II was the head

and chief architect of all psychological warfare for the World War II period.


If this is not a chilling scenario for people reading this, it should be.

Because what it means is that the mass consciousness of people through

media, through deliberate disinformation campaigns, through active

disinformation techniques such as psycho-electronic targeting and the

creation of so-called abduction victims and cattle mutilations, which too are

covert military actions      `the most part, are all designed to create a

psychological response in preparation so that during any disclosure process
                                                                           362

the world could be told the extra-terrestrials are dangerous and we need to

defend against them, and the world will believe it.


Do not be deceived. This is a warning that if we do not look at this and rely

on more reproducible means of gaining information on this subject than

subjectively remembered abduction reports, then we will be doomed to be

manipulated and played like a harp. And the song will not be a sweet one,

but is one that will lead us into a protracted period of expenditures for

space-based weapons to fight extra-terrestrial life forms.


It has been asked what would be the motive of such activities. Artfi..eh Y

fall into the usual categories of greed, the support of the military industrial

complex. Because here we're not talking about the expenditure of a few

hundred billion dollars on a space-based weapons system. But over a

decade or two the expenditure of several trillion, probably as many as 5

trillion dollars, from not just the United States; but from every country on the

planet on space-based defense systems.           The obvious enrichment of

certain corporate entities and high-tech entities should be obvious to

anyone analyzing this. And it also has been done to support perhaps a

genuine, heart-felt fear which the military would necessarily have; but which

may be totally irrational.
                                                                          363

For example, we may recognize air space over a country as sovereign.

Extra-terrestrial life forms may not. They may view the entire Universe as

open borders, just like the United States: you go from one state to another

with impunity and wi h freedom. They may not recognize or share our

values concernnationalism or even alleged sovereignty of one planet over

another or one planet's air space. Now, the military, on the other hand,

views incursions into air space over its territory by foreign, even if extra-

terrestrial groups, as an act of war, or at least a violation of accepted

protocol, and therefore may be led to assume hostility in an unwarranted

way. Moreover the monitoring nd to an extent interference/ ith. at times

ICBMs and other nuclear facilities by these extra-terrestrial life forms could

be misinterpreted as hostile actions, when in reality they were attempting

to convey a message concernir4g' their concern for our policy of mutually-

assured destruction during the cold war.


These types of misinterpretations, some of which are culturally based and

some of which are based on misunderstanding actions have apparently led
                                                     1 7 I C)
to a posture of assumed hostility ffetmthe military. r fhey have taken

dramatic actions using missile systems and star wars type systems, many

of which are not known to the public in terms of their capabilities, to create

a space-based weapons system aimed towards the extra-terrestrial

civilizations.
                                                                          364

The public, meanwhile, has been continuously bombarded with negative

images and stereotypes of this question. Even the language which is used

is not only irrational, but inaccurate.     For example, the term 'cattle

mutilation' is an inaccurate depiction of some of the apparent experiments

which have occurred that do seem to be extra-terrestrial related. On rare

occasion, there appears to have been ET craft which have taken certain

animal species, particularlyoj1         are in areas where there has been

nuclear testing or down-wind from nuclear storage areas, and we suspect

this is due to their interest in the damage to the genetic material and the

transformation of the genome in certain mammalian systems increasingly

supporting the development of cancers. This research, while being quite

understandable, has not at all been a mutilation. People wishing to see a

mutilation should visit the emergency department where I work and observe

the mutilations which we take care of, which are dramatic and violent. And

yet the term 'mutilation' has been coined and in addition to that the

incidents of these experiments have been exaggerated, ten-fold at least, by

deliberate military covert exercises to simulate ET events so that people

would have a sense of dread and fear. Because add to the concept of

abduction, which is intrinsically terrifying, even the name is terrifying, the

concep1hostile alien forces coming to mutilate animals on the planet. To

this grotesque manipulation of information and disinformation, add the latest

wrinkle in this, and that is the evidence which has been put forth of
                                                                         365

unusually shaped ET craft in the Amazon basin and in areas of Brazil that

are now mutilating humans and are attacking humans. This has made its

way into UFO lore and into the subculture; and now, at virtually all of the

conferences, there is quite a talk and buzz about the fact that the extra-

terrestrials are moving from abductions and mutilations of cattle to

mutilating humans. However, there is not a scintilla of evidence that this is

actually occurring. And to the extent that there is evidence that such things

have happened, they appear to be, in all likelihood, experiments with star

wars type weapons trained on humans. Now, the people who say such a

thing could not happentbetcave never spoken to people in special forces,

who will tell you that they can go behind borders, incinerate an entire

village, and move out, and the exercise never happened.          In fact, as

recently as 2 months ago I had a conversation with someone undergoing

psychological treatment because of his involvement in a special forces

operation that did precisely that. And the world to this day does not know

that this event occurred. We should be very careful, in other words, at
                    1
accepting evidence.E     stories
                               acid
                                      tales and assessments which lead us

to a conclusion based in fear and assumed hostility.           Because the

overwhelming pattern which we have uncovered is that this is primarily a

deception designed specifically to create a response, not only in the

masses of people who would need to support large-scale expenditures for

space-based weapons, but also to affect the psychological nature of our
                                                                          366

leaders and their belief systems. Because the information on this subject

which has made its way into the minds and hearts of the majority of people

has beer in the last 15 years        tic Ian   especially fear-based, tawdry,

titillating, -negative, and in many cases, frankly terrifying.


Without naming the source, I would like to sharejust--as an exanl'ple-af-tt°r   -
             ~tt1~
an approximately2our conversation I had with a head of state in 1994.

This individual who has an interest in the subject and who has a family

member who apparently had been targeted for one of these abduction

experiment       er discussion on a number of otherrelateQ issues related

to Project Starlight and our disclosure effortsapounced to me that the

extra-terrestrials were evil forces from space which are responsible for

every war and every setback, every conflict humanity has experienced since

the Garden of Eden. Now_.ynu_4augh. And it seemed ludicrous. And in

fact, had such a person come in and told me this, telling the emergency

department, they might have been committed to the state mental hospital.

However, this person was serious as a heart attack and was deeply shaken
                 t
and had been go        n--ta- by people who were feeding him data and
information and scenarios which were designed to get this response from

thts-tndivd1aL In addition to this, he had bridged that information into a

conservative religious belief system and had gone one step further and had
         ,Lz)v
proclaimethat not only were these extra-terrestrial life forms responsible
„_ ~yLe~,c-w
                                                                           367

for all the setbacks in human history, but they were in fact the chief agents

of Satan.


Any sane person reading this should at this point be extraordinarily alarmed

at the degree to which people can be manipulated and disinformed in order

to achieve a certain response. Nothing less than the future of our planet

is at stake here. Particularly as we become increasingly a global civilization
                                                    r Ic.vcJ
with the capability of space exploration. Bcause the tendency to put

ourselves on a footing of conflict is something which can be manipulated
                 'S                  .1 C
easily because ,as mentioned earlieri he basis instincts of humanity to fear

the unknown, and particularly to fear unknown groups of people. If you add

10-t{ithis type of information, it is like throwing gasoline on a fire which is

already smoldering.Anwe need to be very aware of these processes that

have been going or For this reason, the majority of information in this

subcultur       UFO subculture, and therefore      the media        e UFO and

extra-terrestrial question4`has to be taken with a large grain of salt

particularly information which is sensational and negative and fearful.

Because who are you to believe on these questions once it has been

determined that the technologies exist within covert cells to simulate hostile

                           Or, to deliberately target, particularly in the areas

around military facilities and high-tech centers, victims of so-called

abduction. Now, this is not to say that there have been no people who
                                                                                368

    have had on-board or close encounters with extra-terrestrial life forms.

    There are, but they are much smaller in number than people have been led

    to believe.   And they simply do not have the characteristics of these

    abductions. An abduction is a criminal, violent act. If somebody abducts

    your child, they forcibly and violently take that child against its will and

    against the will of its parents for some criminal purpose.         There is no

    evidence that such events are taking place that are of a genuine extra-

    terrestrial nature. And yet the public, even officials with whom we have

    been meeting, have been convinced that it is commonplace.


    Leaving these arguments aside for a moment, let's look at a larger question,

    (including why we have t      live on the planet. . . . laughter ar}d r     ark~_

       arding         eird noise,off.and on in background)


(     e ' our consideration of this/need to take a couple of steps backwards
                                         J

    and begin to ask ourselves rationally,'if these extra-terrestrial life forms have

    been involved in monitoring our planet for at least half a century and

    perhaps several thousand years, what would be their purpose in engaging

    in hostile acts at this point in time. I would suggest to you that advanced

inter-stellar civilizations which have passed the threshold of global

integration and global disarmament, which we are facing at this time, would

have evolved a way of interacting with one another and with other life forms
                                                                         369

that would preclude the possibility of open hostilities. The reason for this

is somewhat obvious, but seldom discussed. Humanity, which has sine

uncovered the secrets of the atom and has made other weapons in addition

to the atomic weapon of mass destruction, is at the point of making a

choice of either living together in peace and renouncing warfare at least on

an international and massive basis, or of simply destroying the planet.

Because the proliferation of nuclear weapons and weapons of mass

destruction, chemical agents and others, is such that unless that conscious

step is made, it is unlikely that we will survive another 100 years.


Now, civilizations which possess technologies capable of inter-stellar travel

and travelling beyond the speed of light and of bending space/time have

technologies which would make atomic weapons look like Tinker Toys. Had

they not themselves evolved to the point of renouncing open hostilities, they

would have destroyed themselves before they could ever have evolved long

enough to find their way to Earth.


I have chosen to call this the 'evolutionary selection of non-hostility in

intelligent species.' And this is a theory that says that as an intelligent

species develops and crosses the nuclear threshold and from there the

trans-luminal threshold, the ability to go beyond the speed of light, that the

power of the technologies that would be developed and discovered are so
~i(~c~~-tee-d ..~ 7~c~-~ .~p~~-~
7h~fz~
             Gcrc-z~.      ~       ~


      ,p 7
~! p~o-~~-
                                       t
                                                                         370

great that unless that species renounces aggression and hostility, they will

destroy themselves before they are able to escape their star system into

someone else's corner of the Universe. If you look at the history of
                     /
humanity, we are at that point of making that choice. And these other

extra-terrestrial civilization have passed this way many, many years before.


Another, more disturbing, question is,unless an extra-terrestrial civilization

made such a choice, why would they need to pick on an evolving, emerging
                          1
civilization such as Earth? Would they rather not plu      era planet which
                                                                /


       similar technological capability and which. were t          inter-
                                        '
                 and therefore destroy th   elves as We[ The likelihood,

therefore ,that there~r 4 oor-57Jiter-planetary races, at leas (ha n b4r'

working cooperativel      1 aproject with this planet which have hostile

intentions towards it is very remote if not infinitesimal. ► t is much more

likely that their actions, which have been misinterpreted as hostile, have to

deal with their great concern for our capacity for hostilit~ n rwarfare and —

mass destruction being coupled with the early capacity for space

exploration.   And that these actions have been misinterpreted by our

military and because of the covert nature of the subject and the lack of

public dialogue, this has been allowed to fester like a boil and has over

taken the minds of the military thinkers who are dealing with this question.
                                                                              371

This speaks to the urgent need for the end of secrecy on this subject and

the opening of a dialogue.


In many respects what we are saying here is a plea for some sanity; on
                                                                   the

questio    nd for som&estraint,           cif would be useful for humanity to

come together to discuss this question and to begin to enter into an era of

direct communication and contact with these life forms before we go off

half-cocked making plans to shoot them down out of space with our star

wars weapons. The history of humanity bringing itself to the brink of ruin
                                      A
through a series of misinterpretations pn missteps,and assumed hostili

on the part of an adversary or an imagined adversary or legion sand while

we have gotten away with it so far on this planet without utterly destroying

ourselves, we cannot continue to behave in this pattern as we entertain the

idea of contact with inter-planetary civilizations.


1 eEeed for trremendous restrainL.40r a vision that allows for a non-

anthropocentric view on this is urgentlyneeded. Beca        Afl order to begin

to understand these life forms, we are not only going to have to go beyond

thinking as ourselves as Americans         s Russians, but we will have to go

beyond thinking of ourselves even as Earthlings. We will begin to     haves


think of ourselves a    think in a mindset that is inter-planetary and inter-.

species. And this is a whole new challenge to humanity.
                                                                            372

The extra-terrestrial civilizations which are visiting here, from the best of our

analysis and research, do not have any hostile intentions towards this

planet. And yet the predominant view in mythology in the public mind is the

opposite. And even if it is unspoken, there is increasing anxiety in that

direction because of the public disinformation campaign.             We must,

therefore, deliberately pull back from that type of thinking and, using a high

degree of rationality, detachment, and vision, attempt to see what has

actually been happening and why we might be in a position or have been

led)to believe what we currently.l


This type of restraint and discipline is actually asking a great deal of

humanity, because we have a very poor track record of doing this. And yet

unless it is done, and done in a concerted way world-wide, we may be led

into the a$~ of inter-planetary war.


Extra-terrestrial life forms which have been monitoring this planet for so

many years would certainly have had found a better opportunity for

conquering the planet 5Q~~nee~agd or 100 years ago or 1,000 years ago.

The question has to arise to those who believe that they are hostile, why

wait? What time are they waiting for? For us to develop technologies

equivalent to their own? This is irrational. There is no evidence what-so-

ever that these life forms are hostile. And yet the belief system amongst
                                                                              373

 scientists that I have spoken with at NASA, amongst military people, the

 €ea               tic-at large, is so far down the path of assuming hostility that

 it is a frightening thing to see.


 Returning to the head of state, who shared with me his assessment of the

 extra-terrestrial presence and the fact that they have been the deceptive

 forces that have manipulated the world into every set-back and war since

 the Adam and Eve eve e          did not sleep well for a week or so after that

 encounter. Because I peered into the heart of a world leader and saw the

 extent to which this sort of            manipulation has been effective and

 thought, my God, what           ll=enge we nave ahead of us to inject some sort

 of rational discourse on this question. And how easily we are as ai             s-

~o-be manipulated into fear and into hatred and into hysteria Every peace-

 loving person on this planet must be urgently concerned with this issue.

       ,/the foundations of inter-planetary unity need to be built now, because

 unless they are attended to and we will abdicate to other forces which

 prefer war and conflict and the world cannot afford that. I wad to-revt*i i .

-rny_aates-#or-amomerrt;if yuu don't-mind. (Tape stops & starts.)


 I would like to share .just a list of things which could have neutral or even

 positive ET motivations but which could be misinterpreted as negative ones

 by certain segments of Earth's population.
                                                                     374

   First of all, as mentioned earlier, extra-terrestrial attempts to limit

the nuclear contamination of space.

   Secondly, ET efforts to limit or contain space exploration, pending

human evolution to a state of world cooperation, unity and non-

aggression, as opposed to attempts to conquer space in a

nationalistic fashion.

C) ET efforts to protect non-Earth civilization from human aggression

and weapons of mass destruction. Here I am referring to the fact

that, while the super powers were engaged in mutually-assured

destruction, their populations were less than 20 percent of the

world's total population; and yet had a full nuclear exchanged

occurred or should one occur in the future, since many of these

weapons still exist, the entire planet of 5.5 billion people would be

terminated as a viable venue for living, for surviving in an intelligent

way. Could it be that they are looking at the world as a whole?

(F) Another area that makes a great deal of sense, but which could

be interpreted as frightening to humans, is extra-terrestrial research

into human genetic changes and attempts to document and perhaps

preserve the human genome as it is exposed to increasing levels of

radiation and chemical toxins.      We have to remember here the

research which has been forthcoming indicating that the average

sperm count of males is believed to have dropped 50 percent in the
                                                                       375

last - during this century. And this well-known that various other

species, mammalian as well as reptile and bird species, have had

significant losses in their ability-t0 -be fertile arid particularly that of

spermatogenesis, or development of sperm. Who knows how many

other processes have been unleaded by the modern chemical and

nuclear era that are having affec{ resulting in the ascending rates

of cancer, for example. And is this an early warning to potential

catastrophic damage to the human genome, to the genetic material

of humans?

Some of the research that would be undertaking therefore'by extra-

terrestrial civilization monitoring this rapid decay in our environment

over the last 100 years could be very understandable and even

beneficial. However, to someone observing it occur, whether it's an
                                  %         ✓l
encounter with cattle or         "plant life,. "a landing someplace or

even an interaction with a human, this could be interpreted as very

frightenin

© And, lastly, a certain amount of extra-terrestrial self-enlightenment

and enlightened self-interest may be at stake.              Because the

exponential growth in technological capabilities on this planet,

coupled with an unabated hostility and aggressive behavior, could

cause these extra-terrestrial civilizations working together to be very

worried about our capacity for getting to their corner of the galaxy
                                                                   376

some day and wreaking havoc on their home planet. This is not an

irrational concern. Because;;let us step for a minute into deep space

and look at our planet. And'you see, you are looking through the

eyes of ET now, and you see this planet evolve in 100 years from

horse and buggies to spacecraft, and from muskets and rifles to

thermo-nuclear weapons and chemical agents. You see the most

sophisticate and technologically advanced civilizations on the planet

aiming 40,000 nuclear warhead at each other in a stated policy of

mutually-assured destruction. Might they be forgiven about being a

little concerned about our own sanity? Maybe we are viewed as

collectively insane as a species at this time in our history. And

perhaps actions are taken to involuntarily commit us to some type of

restraint, just as a psychotic person has to be involuntarily committed

and restrained at time to protect ti        es or to protect others. It

is entirely possible. Now, this assessment may not be flattering to

humans, but, to be honest, how can we look at our behavior over the

last 100 years, the genocide, the nuclear proliferation me destruction

wiIIy iuIlóf the environment, the elimination of species which have

evolved over millions of years in a matter of decades? How could

this not be observed by extra-terrestrial life forms and not be a cause

of tremendous worry and concern and perhaps even alarm.
                                                                             377

I would suggest that we are viewed as a civilization in crisis. And that, in

fact, we are in a world-wide emergency. We do not perceive it so much,

because like the frog that's been thrown into a pot of water that's slowly

turned up in temperature, it doesn't notice it until it's actually boiling, and at

that point it's too late, it's cookedWe are probably viewed, therefore, in a

state of genuine world emergency.          And I suspect that certain extra-

terrestrial actions have been taken, to not only monitor the damage we are

doing to our biosphere, but also to send messages to the military industrial

complex and to the world's governments encouraging us to disarm nuclear

weapons and to contain us in our forays in space until such time as we

become sane. Because we are not behaving in a sane fashion And have

not been during the better part of this century, and in fact, for the better part

of our entire human evolution. The difference is, in prior ages we did not

possess the capacity to explore space and the capacity to destroy entire

worlds with advanced technology and nuclear weapons as we do today.


It should be clear, then, that the real need is to look at this in a very

comprehensive ways not only in a global way, but also in an inter-planetary

way looking at many planetary civilizations and what their concerns might

be as well as our own, and to avoid jumping to irrational conclusions. And
                  i, L::=
at all costs j. protect ourselves from being manipulated into a certain belief

system about unknown life forms whichat best would create anxiety in
                                                                           378

many people, and which in this case, is creating a great del of hysteria

because of deliberate manipulation.


We would call on all people concerned with universal peace to begin to

impress upon their friends and colleagues and particularly on people in the

media and peop1éin positions of shaping public opinion to exercise a high
                                                -lam-ate-
degree of social responsibility;,t~be'conscious of the implications of the

kind of hysteria and fear mongering which has been going on and the

degree to which this can damage that very promising era of inter-planetary

relations. Because unless this is attended to, we will leave this process to

those who would have us go into war, and we will leave        therefore, to the

lowest common denominator. I think_t$et'_humanity can do better if it's _-

educated.   And I appeal toLparticularlyjpolicy makers, public opinion

shapers and the media to begin to exercise responsibility in this area, to

exercise restraint and to speak to this issue in a calm and in an honest

fashion that consciously resists the pitfalls of fear and of xenophobia.


      [Steve, I think this following part would be a VERY good starting

      point to initiating discussion on the whole subject, especially if it were

       prefaced with something like 'For discussion purposes, let us assume

       that ETs are visiting our planet. With that as a premise, consider the

      following:' This as an introductory discussion is very palatable from
                                                                         379

       that perspective; the ideas given are introduced in a way that is

       easily understood and related to, appealing to the higher good with

       reason prevailing. Then the harder pills to swallow of covert groups

       and trillions of dollars and mass deception and government mind

       interference and one mind/space-time travel could be made easier

       to go down. It would present a point of reference from which to view

       the whole picture with a more open mind. Your BAE would then

       follow up (in a second book?) the view to lock it into reality.- M.]


On a more fundamental issue, it is often bee asked of us, what if one or

more of these extra-terrestrial life forms do not have our best interest at

heart out of a deliberate degree of hostility, or because of just ignorance in

not knowing what might be best for Planet Earth. And the answer to them

and to such questions is thi ) You have diplomatic relations with nations

and peoples with whom you hav si
                              rained te _o~ more than you do with
                                     rela ti

neighbors that you are already on good footing-with.           The need for

diplomacy between the former Soviet Union and the United States was

much greater than that between the United States and Canada. And the

answer, at any rate, is to enter into direct communication with these life

forms so that we may find out for ourselves and not be told by a covert

group1which is answerable to no one) about the purpose of the extra-

terrestrial mission. As Gorbachev liked to say, "Trust, but verify." And in
                                                                         380

this case, I'm not sure how far I would even trust a covert group that has

been providing information to policy makers and t6 the public through

deliberate disinformation. We must verify for ourselves~as a people on this

planet who these extra-terrestrials are, why they may be here, and begin

to explore what our common ground is and what actions could be taken to

create a mutually-beneficial and sustainable relationship into the next

millennium.


The hallmark of relations with other species is a willingness to be open-

minded. This is one of the very first requirements. And we cannot be open—

minded if we have already been severely prejudiced in the direction of

hostility. We must therefore wipe the slate clean and start anew in an open

process devoid of the cult of secrecy.       And as a world community

deliberately attempt to say hello to these extra-terrestrial visitors.   And

should one or more of them      \not understood by us, let us refrain from

jumping to conclusions and to assuming the worst. But let us give peace

a chance, and let us give dialogue a chance, an understanding chance;

because stakes are so high, that to do otherwise is criminal.


In the event that it is found through such an open process that one or more

of these extra-terrestrial life forms needs to have some degree of tempering

of their purposes and mission, then let this be done through dialogue and
10
                                                                          381

diplomacy and through consultation and through communication. Because(
                                /
it is unlikely thadown t#cough the barrel of a gun an extra-terrestrralTife '

form capable of inter-stellar travel is going t9     jesponsive. "The outcome

of that type of behavior can only be further estrangement and

misunderstanding.


So, whether you believe that all of these extra-terrestrial life forms are

neutral. or potentially benevolent or partially or even totally malevolent, the

path of safety and the path of wisdom is to establish a world-wide effort at

inter-planetary communication and diplomacy. And to do that, we must

come together as a people and discuss this issue free of the disinformation;V~

free---of--aur" prejudices, and restrainin         ourselves from jumping to ----

conclusions which are unwarranted.


A simple example of how easy it is for humans to do this can be used. As

a physician I frequently see children who are injured, and even adults who

are injured, who may be intoxicated and not in their right mind. And at

times we have to perform procedures that are frightening and perhaps

painful. Now, someone just observing thft, not knowing why we are doing

it, ,the physicians and the nurses and ,the trauma tea     could be viewed as

the Marquis de Sade, as monsters -When tbear real motivation is to save

the person's life.
                                                                                  382

    We are famous for reaching wrong conclusions based on an emotional

    reaction to a stimulus. And so a basic principle here is that we cannot

    judge the motive of these extra-terrestrial life forms by simply reacting to

    their actions. A reactionary mode is completely unreliable and dangerous.

    If we react to thei[ation in an emotional fashion, it will preclude the ability

A -to-ente?-Ifto any further dialogue that could really uncover why they are
    engaging in a certain behavior.


    For example, let us say that someone is taken on board an extra-terrestrial

    spacecraft and is examined .and a blood sample is taken. Could it be

    possible that that life form, or-   'civilization, or perhaps a coalition of extra-

    terrestrial planets are trying to document the extent to which we are

    damaging our genetic material through radiation and chemical poisoning of

    our atmosphere and are making contingency plans to reverse that damage

    in the event it reaches a point of no return? Now, someone might observe

    this extra-terrestrial action and hysterically proclaim . . .

    (END OF TAPE 8, SIDE A)
                                                                           383

TAPE 8, SIDE B:

. . that the hysterically proclaimed extra-terrestrials are coming from space

to snatch us. When in reality they could be doing a project that could be

of great benefit to us in the future.


Now, I present this as a hypothetical scenario, but we have reason to

believe that it is very accurate and in point of fact, is very close to what's

going on. And yet, the tendency in the civilian sector, fed by throwing

gasoline on these smoldering information by disinformation sector, is to fear

these extra-terrestrials and to jump to conclusions that are based in

assumptions of hostility.


This is perhaps the biggest question and the greatest impediment to

civilians entering into research teanis-.diplomatic teams, to establish

preliminary contact with extra-terrestrial life forms. And that is our tendency

to jump to conclusions, to harbor prejudices, to have unconscious fears,

and added to this the fund of knowledge and the images which the media,

the UFO subculture, and the disinformation specialists have been feeding

to us for 40 or 50 years. We must therefore in a sense consciously detach

ourselves from what we have heard and seen, because if we do not we are

destined to reach the wrong conclusions. The global community must seize

this issue and must neutralize the effect of the covert secret efforts going
                                                                          384

on at this time on the planet. Because if we do not, we are going to be

forced into conclusions which are dangerous and which will lead to conflict,

where in reality there may be great promise. And what greater loss would

there be than this, that as we emerge into a global civilization that we would

be able to have the initial openings of contact with advanced extra-

terrestrial civilizations who possess knowledge and technologies and

perspectives which could enrich our planet and perhaps we hay things-

which could enrich theirs. There is certainly common ground that can be
                                                                         A
found. But it can only be found if we are open-mindedand free of prejudice

and are willing to take the risks of stepping out and meeting the unknown.

This requires a certain amount of courage and restraint, but certainly it is

no more daunting than those who explored new worlds, those who have

tested new jet fighter planes at the risk of them crashing, astronauts who

have gone into space not knowing if they are going to return, certainly

humanity has within it the capacity and the courage and the vision to reach

out to these life forms and to begin the early stages of an open relationship

and dialogue. It is urgently needed and it holds great promise.


Are there any questions ab9thi        éctfonNbefore we move into the, e'E-5

Initiative?
  r
       You must hay 'had better experiences with the medi han I've had.

       No.
                                                                          385

Q:     When you're talking about the star wars situation on people being

tested, I heard a strange rumor, that I don't know it was kind of floating; we

had our little encounter down in Panama and there were about 200 civilians

injured by laser-type facilities that were ours and was pretty much brushed

out. I don't know if you heard . . .

A:     The question was asked if I had heard that during the Panama

Invasion that there were about 200 civilians that were injured or killed

during a US laser event trained on the population. I actually have not heard

of that specific case. I have heard of others. And I do know that we have

the technical capability of such an event.


And for that reason what I suggest to policy makers and to the public is that

they be extremely skeptical. You know you can be open minded but still

skeptical. And so I suggest that people be open minded, but they be very

skeptical about the kind of information they hear regarding the extra-

terrestrial issue. Because the vast majority of these people who are pundits

and experts on this in the civilian sector have never seen a UFO.


I was on an international television show in the past few months with a

panel of four people who were all.wof -supposedly) world experts on this

question in the civilian arena. And in the limousine out to the television

site, I learned that there was only one person on the show who had ever
                                                                         386

seen a UFO, and that was me.         And the question arose in my mind,

because I am a very practical person, in many ways because I'm an

emergency-room doctor, a very hands-on, empirical sort of guy; and I
                                    how_can you be an expert on something
thought to myself(Mother of May,
                                                                  e
which you have never seen, touched, been there, or á4hi         -!And so the

standards for expert status on this is extremely weak. In other words,

anyone who's read a few books and has gabbed to a few people who claim

to have seen something, can set themselves up as an expert on extra-

terrestrial intelligence or UFOs. It's a completely ridiculous situation. It's

a fraud on the people.


Q:   —Mighf bean     xpGr[in any~Nn , jufdeclare~Ptat-you -are —

A:     And the problem r`~ba~ you have this situation since there are no

standards of first-hand learning and experience in this areas-thalfit becomes

something where rumors, and rumors of rumors, and rumors of rumors of

rumors become fact. And so you have to take the information whidf'you

receive with a very large grain of salt. Ar                      this the fact

that you have active disinformation teams that are providing wild scenarios

and crazy stories to the media and are actively causing people to have

abduction hallucination-type experiences and are actively engaging in cattle

mutilations to create a frightening scenario in the minds of the public and

to create decoy cases away from the real experimen
                                                                              387

   have all this going on Md y'e'there is very little effort in an open way to

   actually find out what is true about the extra-terrestrial life forms. This is

   the importance of the prototype project which we call the CE-5 Initiative, the

   Close Encounters of the Fifth Kind Initiative with CSETI.          A               'f

   becau ode are saying the proof of the pudding is in the eating.           these ~--

   wild stories, all the disinformation, all the subjectively remembered stuff that

   comes out of hypnotic sessions which may or may not be tainted with

   confabulation or the result of covert targeting of peoples' psyche.


w'-
,g.,A1l of the rumors that occur1and'the fantasies and the wannabees, we put

   all that aside.      we        et's go out to where these objects are being

   seen and observe them for ourselves, attempt to establish communication

   with them and learn about it from a first-hand, open-minded perspective.

   Empirical observation is the mother of all science and the mother of all

   learning. And we cannot neglect that any further. It is extremely dangerous

   for people to sit in armchairs and read horror stories put out there by a

   mixture of second-hand research and disinformation, whether it be passive

   or active abduction victimization through psycho-electronic means, and

   reach all kinds of conclusions. It is extraordinary, as someone who has

   really .onI been involved in this field for only4'or/ ~years) to have gone to

   various meetings and hear the sort of firm and fixed belief systems about

   how many ET races there are, which kind is good and which kind is bad,
                                                                           388

and which kind is doing this and which kind is doing that. And you speak

to these people, they've never seen a UFO. But they have an entire belief

system and mythology which has been created. How has this happened?

This is ridiculous. And it has created a very dangerous situation in the

world, which we need to back off from very quickly. And so, anyone looking

at this critically will have to ask themselves, what is my responsibility here.

And the responsibility of each citizen of this planet is to seek the truth and

to be able to confirm it. And until it can be, to hold it with great restraint

before it becomes something that you factor into your assessment and into

your conclusions about the extra-terrestrial presence.        Because to do

otherwise, is simply to be manipulated by either the folly of the civilian

community and the media or by deliberate disinformation. And we, each of

us, have the responsibility to maintain that degree of integrity. And no one

can do that for us.


Q:     Two questions kind of related to this covert group.        I know you

discussed this to some degree yesterday. First, is this a kind of an actual

organization or are you referring to misinformation just in general? And

second, if il ls a specific group, do you have any concept as to how big it

is?

A:    _Yeahr-we_did_disci.iss that yesterday; so maybe at the teakT It is.

The covert group is a poorly-defined, but very specific, group which is
                                                                           389

extraordinarily powerful and is certainly a force to be reckoned with.

Q:     In discussing the possibilities of ET motivation, would you consider

the fact of the failure of the latest probe to Mars or the malfunctioning of the

Hubble Telescope as possible evidence of attempting to limit our space

exploration?

A:     The question is whether the failure of the Mars Observer or the

problem they had with the Hubble Telescope were related to any extra-

terrestrial attempts to limit our space exploration. The answer to that isn't
                                                               GcA           3v~
known. It is thought _my many people      in the  Soviet Union  th~t~we have
             st
spoke wiT-tf t the Phobos Observer from Russia was destroyed by an ET

craft; but, interestingly, it was apparently hit as it was about to turn a laser

on the surface of the moon Phobos, which some people believe is actually

a hollow, artificial body, in other words satellite; large, 16-mile diameter (I

believe) satellite. And again, this gives a prime example of how things

could be misinterpreted. It's also known that there are extra-terrestrial

facilities or bases on the Moon, on the areas around Mars, and in certain

areas in space around Earth; and it would make sense that if our military

covert operations without any dialogue with our policy makers or with the

public at large, have begun already to shoot at these objects, that they
                                      d
LETS?] would create black-out areas " h re we would not be allowed to turn

either our reconnaissance satellites or our probes into those sectors

space. This would not be a proof at all of their hostility, but simply of their
                                                                           390

need for self preservation and to be able to monitor what we were doing

and how we were evolving our technologies.


There is4~definite tension whii'has evolved, and I would like to address

that for a moment. The tension that has eva++eti has evolved within the

vacuum of covert world in the cult of secrecy. And it is probably largely

could have been avoided, had there been any more open dialogue on this.

The urgent need, therefore, is the opening up of this subject and the

reduction of the cult-covert and secret elements in this issue.


Whether the Hubble Telescope and the Mars Observer had any sort of

demise related to extra-terrestrials is questionable.         Given the poor

workmanship which has gone into certain projects such as the Challenger

shuttle explosion and-this-so#-ef--thfng, it is entirely likely that it was just

poor workmansk     -ar4 shoddy workmanship, both on the part of the Mars

Observer and on the part of the Hubble Telescope. •And /I am reluctant to

read too much into those things.               he Hubble Telescope, it is well

known that the lens was not appropriately manufactured and had an

incorrect refraction capability. I doubt that had anything to do with extra-

terrestrials. Whether the Mars Observer had a catastrophic failure due to

ETs neutralizing it so that it could not monitor their activities on the surface

of Mars, is another question. Nobody will ever know the answer to that,
                                                                          391

unless there were clear pictures or signals that were received by Mission

Control at the time of it's disappearance.


Q:     Are you referring to the Phobos incident, its credence to the

possibility that it's them, except there are not hard clear facts, as you say,

evidence.

A:     Right. And it is important to keep in mind that the military could trot

out evidence that this jet fighter and this probe were lost or destroyed at the

hands of ETs. And that would not at all mean that it was a hostile act. It

could have been that the jet fighter was pursuing a craft and was about

ready to fire on it; and, in the case of some of our excursions into space,

they may have been trying to limit our advancement into space until such

time as we had become a functional global society that had disarmed itself

and was willing to work together with each other and also with other

planetary societies in peace. And it is important to recognize that given our

track record, we would necessarily be viewed as a hostile planet. It is

unlikely that anyone coming to this planet in the last few thousand years,

never mind the last 100 years,. could view us in any context other than that

of a hostile planet. So we should not delude ourselves in terms of how we

might be viewed.

Q:     So, of all the ships that you remote-viewed or whatever, have you

seen their weapons for defense? Are all the craft equipped to do battle?
                                            t                       392

 A:        tu U* t    t   not-a,~,ree th + .J have ever observed of any

 weapons systems at all on the part of these objects. None. And what's

 interesting is that there are believed to be some sort of energy fields or

 beams that have been observed at times that could be used for defensive

 purposes. But by and large, it's amazingly rare. For example, a very good

 example of the kind of restraint that these life forms have exercised, which

 would indicate that they are anything but hostile, the fact that they are

 extremely peace-loving, was an e}cent that took place, t'Il haveto-

--fecords, I believe it wá 1976 outside Tehran where a large UFO was

 picked up on radar and Iranian jets were sent up to pursue them. And one

 of the jet fighters was going to arm his missile system as they closed in,

 and rather than knocking that jet fighter out of the sky, the extra-terrestrials,

 about the time that he thought to arm his system (which also shows that

 they have the inner link with thought and machine, which we have

 discussed previously) neutralized his entire control panel. So he had no

 control. He had no ability to arm those missiles.

 Q:     So how does the military even think they can win a war with ETs?

 A:     The question is how does our military think that they can even win

 a war with ETs. Ate                    t's; I think that's beside the point. The

 point here is the technology which we have, some of which is being spun

 off from reverse-engineering projects dealing with ET technology, is much

 more advanced than the public realizes. And I pointed out to people that
                                                                          393

you can throw a spear enough times into the rotors of a helicopter and

make it crash. So, it is not as if our technology is inconsequential. Now,

if the goal is not to necessarily win a war, but to simply seal the planet from
                                L
             able .tnjcii ( here, then the technology may be increasingly

competent to do that. But I believe the question begs another subject

altogether. And -that is the issue is not whether or not we could win an

armed conflict, the issue is whether or not the military industrial complex

would be supported to the tune of a few trillion dollars by attempting to do

so. This is really nothing to do with any sort of retion   J mean, I think we

are real stepping into the area of what     i st sheer human control, greed,

and power. And I think it has much less to do with any sort of rational

objectives than it-o-tb do with that question. And in fact, many covert

decisions and processes have to do with those sorf=of issues, rather than

any so1-of sustainable or rational objective. And this is the problem with

the covert worlyf~.. `,that things can take place, they can run amok,'      ~--
                                                                    Cc.tSz—
very little supervision, you h.      almost no oversight, you-ce'people who

have no input into what they are doing or what they are thinking, because

they don't seek any input and they don't want any input.          AcdAfi that

atmosphere, things can go very astray:             in this area, it has gone

extremely astray. t have had'-nf~han one senior intelligence and military

person who has had direct contact with this covert project who-totgme that

it is just wildly out of control. And the people of this planet should be very
                                                                               394

concerned about it. It is one of the greatest threats to peace.

-#heresL dynamic t        has evolved. And some people point to the report
                    J

on Iron-Mo_untai 'which was written back in the 60 s ~►'an alleged meeting

 at Iron Mountain, New York.                   ome have said that this was --

mythological and a fantasy, and some people say it actually took place. But

 one of the premises of this report was that should, Heaven forbid, peace

 break out on this planet, that the world would no longer have a focu nd- -
                                                 A
 governments would no longer have the power sand the military, industrial

 complex weIQ-fnelt down. And therefore,-t~e/~iould need tone               of two

 thing hannen. Either an environmental catastrophe, or an extra-terrestrial --

 threat. And this is stated in those words in this report. The report is

..aefiaH believed to be authentic.        ,nfembers of the military, the military

industrial complex, and certain government figures wer~1at this meeting,

allegedly -


 Now, whether or not that meeting is true, let us look at the basic premise.

And that i    f you are involved in a multi-billion or nearly trillion dollar world- r

wide military armament, military industrial and technology complex, and

 you've lost your prime adversary, i.e. the Soviet Union in 1989 or 1990, and

 you knew that this was comin          s early as, say, the 7

actually going to be winding down. We've lost the Red scare, let's create

 the extra-terrestrial scare. And by doing so, maintain the status quo of
                                                                              395

military and industrial capabilities, profits for military contractors, etc. and so

on.


And I know that's an unflattering view of the military industrial complex, but

no less a figure than a's star general named Dwight Eisenhower stated in
                                we,           _.
his last address to the Nation, "Beware the military industrial complex."

Because he, at that point, saw the dangers involved.


There is this awareness that we are on the threshold of an incredibly

promising time. As the world moves from nation-state to a genuine global

community, we will enter into the time, historically the high point, of the

potential for our people entering into dialogue and relations with other

planetary civilizations. The benefits of this, potentially, are endless. And,

is for this reason that this early emerging relationship can no longer afford

to be poisoned by secrecy, covert actions, disinformation, false assumptions

of hostilit and what-haveryL.


To use the analogy shared earlier, this relationship is like an embryo,) very

young creature. And everything we do to thi                   t this tender stage

of its development will have ramifications through development that are

very profound.     Because stimulation, chemicals,                              an

embryo has much greater effect than the same amount of input to a full-
                                                                             396

grown organism. So, while it is in this tender state of infancy, or actually
                                                          L
embryonic-ness, we have to be responsible to protectJi7_> .)nurture it, to

keep it free of these sort of influences. Unfortunately, the embryo is already

at great risk and has already been, to e;extent, damaged. And so, we must

reverse that damage; because this embryonic relationship is too precious

and too potentially far reaching to allow it to be unnecessarily poisoned.

And it is the responsibility of every nation and of every person on this planet

to see that that is taken care of and is protected. Well,-are-#heje   aver


          fIape stopped8started:]
,questions?
