{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T10:51:40Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1355281, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117198-the-starlight-chronicles-continuation-of-dictation-for-the-week-of-7-14-april-1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "edb75a0823eb7c6e722fb7e23c190c38991e2304e858baad58ed81183eb6bbe3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 655, "chars": 3795, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE STARLIGHT CHRONICLES
Continuation of Dictation for the week of 7-14 April, 1997:
George Filer indicated that it was darkly hinted to him that there were meetings going on with various
members of congress and various intelligence contacts on this subject, no doubt as a result of what we are
doing and what we had promised to do -- and that is to bring this information and these witnesses together
in a disclosure initiative. We will see how this gets spun and what happens with that.
I should comment that it is not clear at this point exactly what was said or done to Greg Allison during the
14-15 hours he was missing. I do know that he was in something of a panic when I spoke with him on the
break on the morning of the 9th. Apparently he had been trying to get hold of some of his contacts that he
felt very close to in these deep cover groups and they had gotten hold of him very quickly which surprised
him and had him come out for this meeting. This is a very significant thing that a witness at this point of
coming forward would have been preempted like that. He is someone who is very dedicated to getting some
of these things turned around because he sees a great threat to world security and the growth of a potential
global fascism with the kind of power and technology behind some of these covert groups which are
apparently behaving in a very renegade fashion.
I should add that on a personal note the week was inordinately stressful. Besides the 18 hours of driving
there and back, running, managing, being responsible for things at this level, the briefing, there were nonstop
meetings from early in the morning until late at night. I probably only got 4 -5 hours of sleep each night and
to say that it was intense is the understatement of the century. But it was historic and we moved the whole
field forward immensely. I think we can honestly say now that given the caliber of people who were there
that the congress, the White House, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the CIA and everyone of significance at the UN
has been notified of the subject, having been told that this subject is real and at this point if we decide to
move forward with disclosure as a civilian initiative that we can absolutely document that we have done
everything that we can do to secure this subject in a way that establishes that we are trying to do this in a
cooperative fashion first. The need to have things done live was impressed on me by how well the press
conference went. I think I handled it extremely well. On the other hand, the Boston Globe writer botched
everything and simply didn't get it, did not report the fact that these were witnesses who signed statements
saying they would testify under oath to congress. He failed to mention that this has been a high-level
initiative for 3½ years where I have met with a sitting CIA director, et cetera and so on.
And this of course leads me to be very, very convinced that live congressional hearings, live press conference
and disclosure conferences, a documentary which we control and a large-scale movie are all in order. On
the latter note I should say that I will be going out to California at the end of this month or early in May to
meet with seven different people at a single meeting who are vice presidents of 20th Century Fox and a
number of other significant people, including Arnold Koppleson himself and his assistant. So we will see
if they want to do a story on this and create a full-length feature film based on the true story of my life, the
true story of this subject and the secrecy surrounding it.
There was also a physician there from the National Institutes of Health named Gordon who was present and
was very supportive. I'm sure we will be hearing more from him as we move this thing into a public
disclosure.
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 697, "chars": 3941, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Apri: 18, 1997
I had a discussion with Rhiannon Burrus of Congressman Weygand's office of Rhode Island. She is going
to be our point person on the Hill helping us with this. She said that she spoke to a person named Troy in
Rep. Schiff's office who is a personal friend of hers who it turns out was the person who did a lot of the
Roswell stuff for him with GAO. He's leaving at the end of the month but she is going to meet with him
and see what the interest level is of continuing this through Schiff's office. She also spoke to the special
assistant to the President from the White House for legislative affairs who happened to be in her office and
she brought this up to him and he was very interested and wants to get a tape of the witnesses as well as an
entire briefing document and materials. So she is getting him those things and we are going to get these tapes
of the congressional hearing asap. She also said that the man that was with her at the congressional briefing
named Ron Jones is a personal friend of Buzz Aldrin who walked on the moon with Neil Armstrong and he
introduced her subsequently to a man who works on the national security committee for the House of
Representatives for national security and international relations. He is an attorney and he deals with national
security issues. Apparently was very "interested in our topic" and may want to pursue this. She felt that he
would need to know names of who I have actually met with and the list of names of some of these witnesses.
But this is a major player on the House national security committee and she is going to see if we can get a
meeting set up with them. So we are going to continue this. I gave her Harriet Crosby's information; I'm
waiting to hear back from ex-congressman Pollack to see if he would like to work with her or if he wants
to work independently and directly, and I gave her Joe Wojecki's number. There are some other things we
will send her. I'm going to send her a clean copy of the letter of invitation to the briefing she needs as well
as a video copy of the briefing itself and the list of all the offices that were there and the list of all the RSVP
offices who were planning to come, some of whom were unable to.
I should note that the name of the person congressman Howard Pollack is working with is Jerry Gallian. He
is the gentleman who apparently has some covert ties and is working with a group of people who each put
$2 million into a group to pursue this and to help us further with moving this forward.
April 22, 1997
I just had a one-hour interview with the Sunday Times of London, a reporter named Sean Hargrave. He was
very interested. It sounds like he is going to do a big and credible story on this - on our efforts to get
congress to do a disclosure. I gave him Neil Cunningham's information. He seemed like quite a nice guy
and I read him the riot act about how the media has treated this in the past and that I hoped he would break
the mold and do something properly. It sounds like what he wants to do so we'll see. It could be very
promising.
April 23, 1997
I just had about an hour-long phone conversation with a very sincere person wanting to help us from the west
coast, Los Angeles area. Would not give me his real name. He is going by the pseudonym Archangel.
He just made it up as we were talking. He is very knowledgeable. He told me things that I knew from other
sources so I know that this man is legitimate. He gave me information about a man named Michael
Richonoschiouto. His father, Marshall Richonoschiouto, was a member of the Jason's Committee and also
a member also apparently of Majority 12 or Majestic 12.
[beeping tones] The beeping you just heard was a strange phone call-back on the main CSETI line after
talking to this person named Archangel and it continued like that for about five minutes. [more beeping
tones]
This beeping was after a phone call I just took from the "Mr. Allen".
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 781, "chars": 4623, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It's still the 23rd of April; there has been so much happening in the last few minutes and the last 1½ hours
that I cannot even sum it up on tape. But I had this conversation as I was beginning to say with this source
out in Los Angeles. When I was dictating this I was interrupted by a phone call from "Mr. Allen" who is
in France and we know his actual name. After our conversation I hung up and then the CSETI phone rang
back again with this continuous strange beep. Interesting little messages they are sending. I don't know why
they play these games, but they do. We know that the phones are monitored - so what.
Now, getting back to this previous conversation with this gentleman who is friends with Mike
Richonoschiouto. Mike Richonoschiouto is in prison. He was set up and busted for a drug rap. Apparently
his father was in the center of the Jason Committee and also was very involved in various national security
and intelligence operations. His father's name was Marshall Richonoschiouto. Interestingly, he said that
Mike R. had a connection to a Mr. Standorf and also to this Doug Casselero. Doug Casselero was the
reporter who was found in his West Virginia hotel room who was looking into the Inslaw scandal which of
course was bringing him very close to Frank Carlucci, who as we know is one of the top people in the covert
operations and MJ-12 type group. Mike R. also knows many of the people who can blow the whistle on this.
He was imprisoned after providing depositions regarding the Inslaw situation. The prison he is in apparently
is controlled by Wackenhut World Technologies and they are not optimistic that good information can come
in or out of there without it being monitored. Apparently he was also connected to Admiral Henry Rankin
and also to Admiral Inman who now is with SAIC. Mike R. knows all of these people. Apparently he
knows all the very deep cover people involved in this operation. Apparently he also worked for awhile with
a Peter Samigen who was killed at Widby (?) Island naval station and apparently was working with Mike to
try and bring some of this information out. This caller confirmed that he had testified along with Mike with
the House intelligence committee. They took depositions in 1991 and they told them everything, including
information about the UFOs apparently back in the 80s. They do not know what has happened with this or
why this information is still being sat on by the House intelligence committee but they are very concerned
that this is the case.
There are two senior interagency groups that resulted from a split in a single interagency group that is an
intelligence, sort of MJ-12 tie-in group. At one point it was headed by William Webster and perhaps Frank
Carlucci. For some reason back in the 80s it split into two different factions or groups and he is not sure
why but he thinks it is important that we find out why. He also said a man named George Pender who heads
up the First Intercontinental Development Corporation (FIDCO) is somehow very deeply tied into this process
as well. He shared with me quite a bit of information about a facility at Vent Hills, WV - an NRO facility -
that this gentleman named Standorf knew about and apparently this is the source of some of the information
that Mike Richonoschiouto had that was being shared with Doug Casselero before Doug Casselero's death.
This is of course consistent with other information that we have learned about this subject. He also shared
with me information from a T. Townsend Brown, a Navy scientist from the 30s, 40s and 50s apparently who
worked on UFO propulsion and flying saucer propulsion systems and Tesla related technologies. He said
that to me that this has been worked on for quite some time. I keep getting this information that perhaps the
research on these things certainly way predates the 40s and go back as far as the late 1800s in some sort of
covert circles, so much so that this guy wasn't sure that any of the UFOs that we were seeing were
extraterrestrial. And I said that there are both and the problem is that you have the real thing and you have
the false thing and there is this very serious problem with deception going on in terms of abductions and the
harassment of the UN Secretary General Perez de Cuillar and other sort of activities that can be done that
can be made to look like alien.
He was familiar with these counterintelligence plans and confirmed to me
that indeed there were these deceptive indications and warnings which would be oriented towards hoaxing
an alien invasion of the planet which would be totally hoaxed and totally false.
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 806, "chars": 4350, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Immediately following this, as I said, there were these strange beeping tones that came over the phone line.
The phone rang and when I picked it up it beeped for several minutes in that fashion. That ended and then
I got a phone call from this Mr. Allen who is in France. He will be back in the States he says for 2-3 weeks.
He is very supportive of what we are doing. He said some very interesting things. He said that our
congressional contact, the other "Mr. Allen" - Howard Pollack - is very supportive and is going to be looking
for a major statesman to help us move this along. Mr. Allen also said that we had stirred up a hornet's nest.
He also said that the other Mr. Allen, which is the former congressman, said he had a breakfast meeting with
me and was very happy about the meeting. He also wants to meet in about 2-3 weeks to have a full briefing
with me and learn exactly what our needs our. There are engineering people at CERN in Geneva that he
wants to connect us to vis à vis technology. He said that we need to be aware that everything we do is being
monitored and that people have gone on "very long trips" - meaning of course that they had been killed -
doing much less than what we are doing, and that things right now are in a free fall and that anything we do
can influence the outcome of it. I thought that was a very interesting comment. So we will be meeting as
soon as he can get back into the States and we will pursue it from there. Following that conversation the
phone then called back again and it did this bizarre continuous beeping which is on this tape in an earlier
segment.
In a conversation with Sandy Wright today I learned that she is meeting with Ambassador Koo and another
high official at the UN at her home on the 28th, at noon and she wants us to send her up as many videotapes
and briefing documents as we can so she can give them to them and some other VIPs. She says people are
so excited. She told me that Keith Thompson is jumping out of his skin, that he is extremely impressed and
that everyone was extremely impressed and that this was incredibly historic. She also told me that she wants
to get these materials to Susan Madonna whose husband is the right hand to Alan Greenspan of the Federal
Reserve Board. So she needs some more of these items. She has also offered to pay to have us rewrite the
BAE so its ours rather than it being something that has to have Don Berliner's name on it or to be associated
with Don Berliner in any way, and I can understand her point there. I think it is a point well taken. If we
can have Shari or someone work for a month or two to do that. Unfortunately, Shari just started a new job
that pays well and this would be something again that would only be for a month or two so I can only expect
her to keep quitting her job at places where she has a good position so often so we have to see how this can
be worked out. I also told her that since she is going to talk to Ted Mallon tomorrow and give a very good
report to put a bug in his ear even to get us $10,000 for some interim funding so we can pay for postage and
printing. This stuff is getting very expensive. Each time we send one of these things overseas, for example
if I have to send one to Di. Lutemann it will be $45 in postage and $30 in printing. That's $75 and if you
do that 100 times you are out of pocket $7500. So I explained to her that we need to have some real help
there and she is going to put a bug in his ear about that.
Now I heard from this producer with Black Range Films in New Mexico - Michael and Karen Sherlock - and
they are willing to help us with this and are very sincere. They have the facilities in New Mexico in this
small town which is near the Gila National Forest in SW New Mexico. It is quite likely they could help us
do a 6-10 minute leader or promo piece that could then be used to shop this around to various networks and
pre-sell the video in order to get the funds to make the video. I think they would be willing to do that for
April 25, 1997
Things are popping. I just got a call from another witness who lives in Oklahoma, David Winham. He was
in Vietnam in June of 1966 when a 100-125 foot diameter disc came and hovered literally on top of his radar
unit. He was an air traffic control radar operator. The object was about 100-150 feet away from him. He

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 756, "chars": 4326, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
could see all the details of the underside of the object. This occurred after he had landed a C-130 on a
precision approach because of fog and poor visibility. He said that this object bathed him in a lavender light
and he went outside the radar unit and saw that it was this circular disc-shaped object that was black
underneath like Bake-lite and had a large copper-like coil that was about a foot in diameter. He said it was
10 feet long, 6 feet high, and 6 feet wide coil that was on the bottom of this object and was very heavy and
copper looking that coiled and went inside the craft. He said that the object was totally silent; did not knock
out the radar unit - he thinks because they were using a diesel generator to run everything on the site. He
had heard perhaps that regular electrical systems would be knocked out but diesel generators aren't affected
by these objects at close range. There was a partner with him, Billy C. Davis, who was staff sergeant at the
time who was also there. He said it looked like the light was shining out from the upper part of it, although
he couldn't see it and there may have been portholes or openings of some type. He said that it rose silently
and he went inside the radar station when it started to leave an within a couple seconds it was 17-18 miles
away. Then it continued, he said, in one sweep of the radar scope it was 60 miles out and with every sweep
it was moving 5 miles, which means that it was moving at about 3,600 mph. It was off the scope in about
one minute. He thought it was climbing although he didn't have a height finder on his radar unit. He said
it was the best target he has ever seen on the radar and he thinks it was because it was ionizing the air around
it, which would make it paint very strongly. He said it was a strength 4 target which is apparently the
strongest you can get on the radar system at that time. He did not make an official report because he had
a friend who had a similar event who ended up spending five days in interrogation and was made to go see
a psychiatrist, I guess as a way of intimidating him to shut up. He said that he is decorated, has been
decorated 15 times. He retired as a master sergeant, he was NCO of the year in 1968. A very, very credible
witness and an important witness. He said he would be very happy to testify and provide this information
to members of congress before a hearing or publicly. Because they didn't report this officially he was never
told he couldn't talk about it.
April 29, 1997
Had a long talk speaking on a conference call with Sandy Wright, John Mack and his staff, and Astronaut
Ed Mitchell today at about 11:00. We learned that Mack is friends with congressman Bernie Franks, senator
Carl Leven, senator Ted Kennedy, congressman Sandra Leven and congressman Ed Marker. He said that
he had spoken to Ted Kennedy about 2-3 years ago who said that if he needed to, wanted to that there were
people he knew in the executive branch and also in congress who would know about the UFO subject, which
I thought was interesting. So we are going to be sending briefing documents to John Mack and he will
convey them to these people. I suggested he follow up to see where that could lead to. He also suggested
I get hold of a guy named Jim Sparks who is trying to get legislation to provide amnesty for various people
who are witnesses in coming forward. and that is someone he suggested I connect with. It was a good
conference call, very supportive. Ed Mitchell agreed with our overall thrust. I also emphasized to everyone
that we should be prepared to do a worldwide disclosure book and media thrust on this, not leaving anything
to chance with the government. Apparently that book is going to need a lot of media help and media money
in terms of doing a documentary and asked if anyone had someone who could help with this, they should let
us know.
May 1, 1997
Had an excellent, excellent meeting with Arnold Koppleson and his staff today. They are definitely interested
1 pursuing a movie. He began to ask me right away what it is I would want for this. I did not talk abor
ny figures. I just said I would something financially as well as consulting status on the movie and what hav
you. He was extremely impressed and the meeting went for over three hours - 3 hours and 15 minutes or
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 530, "chars": 3239, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
is a big breakthrough potentially.
May 5, 1997
Just had a conversation with Ann Wilson in senator Wilson's office. She is putting together and finishing
a memo for the senator on what the process has involved and is also doing a strategy paper at Georgetown
University for a professor there on disclosing this stuff. She interviewed me about this and asked some very
good questions as how we might proceed with and without congressional hearings. I described the UN
process and also a private civilian coalition doing this through a multimedia approach with the witnesses'
Also heard today from Dan Halstead who is Oliver Stone's chief assistant and he has received the materials
we have sent to him.
I also wanted to dictate information from Sandy Wright which she gave to Emily on a phone call last week
when I was in Los Angeles. John Mack gave a talk for the FIONS - Friends of the Institute of Noetic
Sciences - group in New York, which is the largest group. Laurance Rockefeller as well as Henry Diamond
were present. Afterwards, John Mack was encouraging them and said that they really needed to help Steve
Greer and CSETI more and that we were doing incredible work and at that point apparently Henry Diamond
(and this is something that Sandy overheard) said "well, is Greer still involved in the cult stuff." Mack
seemed surprised and send and said "I think that's not a factor at all". It's interesting because it tipped their
hand to the fact that the Bootsie crowd along with the UFO research coalition of the Three Dogs - MUFON,
CUFOS and PUFOR people - including Richard Hall who wrote a slanderous piece saying I was a cultist
because we were using consciousness research in our program. Apparently this has been funneled very
directly to Henry Diamond and Laurance Rockefeller. I think if we go to a defamation of character suit I
would certainly depose Sandy for that conversation and depose Henry Diamond and possibly Laurance and
possibly Bootsie and the others, depending upon what was uncovered in that and we'll see if they are willing
to lie under oath about making slanderous comments about me.
I should also say that last week Marty Keller reminded me that Foley has a contact in the Dept of Defense
who is a Green Beret who has access to the MJ-12, Majority 12, PI-40 group and who has reiterated that it
is split along generational lines on support for disclosure vs. non-support. The younger members of the
group would like to see it come out and the older ones are very concerned about themselves being implicated
in some high crimes or misdemeanors.
May 7, 1997
Just had a long talk with Richard Schwartz, M.D., a medical doctor working on cold fusion and other
technologies up in Massachusetts. He has four degrees from MIT and appears to be a scientific genius and
wants to work with us on scientific papers on the UFO subject and also is a reporter who does free lance
knowledge about advanced technology and healing systems and I think he could be very, very helpful in terms
of what we are wanting to do to scientifically nail this down. I mentioned the idea of having a scientific
summit which he thought was an extremely good idea.
I spoke to Art Bell, we will do at 2:00 am on Thursday on his show.
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 615, "chars": 3689, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 8, 1997
Conversation with congressman Howard Pollack who wants to speak on the 9th of May. I'm going to have
a conversation with him about putting together a strategy - an internal strategy briefing for congress with his
contacts as well as Rhiannon Burrus's of congressman Weygand's office, Bill Luther who is the head of
science and technology and representative Dan Burton of Indiana who is the chairman of the government
oversight committee as well as any other staffers who would want to pursue this, and set a date for a meeting
where we could sit down and have a lawyer there and other notables and see where it could go and see if
there is interest. And that will be our good shot that we'll give it.
Just had about an hour-long conversation with Don Phillips, former USAF officer who was at the facility at
Angel Peak over in
[tape totally garbled - perhaps secretary can try another transcriber to pick up end of tape]
And he was present there also with a man named Anthony Kavar (sp?) who was the radar operator who
turned white as a ghost when he came out and said these things were moving in ways he had never
encountered before. He said they took off at a 40-60 degree angle out into space. He said that he also
worked prior to that for Kelly Johnson, at the skunk works for Lockheed that was at Area 51, on the
Blackbird project and that he knows a number of security officers for the area. He also said that he read an
official document concerning Eisenhower's meeting in 1954 with extraterrestrials and a landing at Edwards
AFB back in 1954. He is also friends with a guy named Tom Byrum who is heading up the Income Builders
International. They are a group of venture capital people who may be interested in helping us do a world
exposé documentary and was asking that I send to him an outline for that. This guy is a very important
contact. He also mentioned to me that he was interested in our research programs because back in the 60s
he was involved in various Vedantic meditation groups that he is still associated with. He apparently had an
astral projection experience where he encountered one of these ET craft in the upper Earth's atmosphere and
it was an extraordinary encounter that was real. I told him that is frequently how it can happen. He said
when he entered into this craft they were startled and apparently his entering into it interfered with their flight
path because of the way that it interfered with the energetics of their propulsion system which interface with
these more subtle aspects of non-linear, zero-point energy and space.
May 9, 1997
I just spoke today with Tom Byrum who is an entrepreneur/venture capitalist who puts together start-up
ompanies who is interested perhaps in helping us put together a group of investors for a documentary oi
his subject. I have spoken to him today for about 45 minutes and will be faxing to him our proposal for thi
documentary.
May 15, 1997
I had a lucid dream this morning between 5-6 am EDT that involved me being in an underground, top secret
facility in the Washington DC area with military people as they were describing the crisis and situation related
to the UFO matter. It included confirmation that there were various factions that had alien reproduction
vehicles of various shapes and sizes that were contending and actually in open conflict with each other in
near-earth orbit and near space and that there were also activities related to tracking and targeting by some
of these factions to ET craft, targeting and destroying them. We also learned at this briefing that there was
something called the Code from the ETs which had been intercepted or obtained by various factions which
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 634, "chars": 3741, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
helped explain the technology and which had been utilized to create these advanced alien reproduction
vehicles. The situation was very grave; it was a lucid, full color, three dimensional dream. I left the facility
pretty much having confirmed what I have learned and been sensing for some time, and also sensing that I
should convey this to the President because it was very clear to me that this was a parallel operation that was
outside the normal chain of command and outside the conventional military apparatus and setting, and that
the President needed to know this and it was a crisis and a very dangerous situation. I immediately had the
thought that I should have Harriet Crosby get me into the White House and set up a little brief tete-à-tete
where I could convey this information to the President. Upon awakening, I couldn't go back to sleep for
some time and it confirmed my sense that I need to issue some type of national security update and
assessment that would serve as some kind of warning to not only military and national security council and
UN security council and the President and members of congress, but also to the people that there is a very
dangerous component to this thing which is spinning out of control and which needs to be regained control
of very quickly.
Just had a conversation with Cmdr. Miller who will be meeting with Admiral Wilson at the head of
intelligence for the Joint Chiefs of Staff next week. This is the man, of course, who we met with about a
month ago. Cmdr. Miller and I discussed the advisability of me issuing a national security assessment that
would basically be an alert given the fact that we have learned that, and had multiple people confirm that,
there are renegade human factions that have extraterrestrial reverse-engineered alien reproduction vehicles
which are being used in an active warfare program, not only against each other but against the ETs, and that
this is out of the chain of the command and that the head of intelligence for the Joint Chiefs and the Joint
Chiefs are unaware of this. We are also certain that the President is unaware of this, at least in all its detail.
I told him that on the one hand for me to write this will open me up to all kinds of attacks, particularly since
the source material for this can't be released until we either have a closed, underground, electronically secure
place to do the briefing, or a subpoena in congress to give these people protection. But I feel morally bound
to put out this. information because I am certain it is happening and yet the people who are allegedly
responsible in a conventional sense for national security exist outside of this other parallel apparatus which
is increasingly dysfunctional and dangerous. So I feel like the Red Cross who knew about the concentration
camps in Germany and said nothing to the world community who could have done something about it, and
lived to regret it. So at some point I feel I need to put this information out even though I can't prove it. I
could prove it if we could have hearings and I could prove it if we could go into the tanks and have
protection for these deep throats. But at this point, I am the point of repository for all of this information
and feel that I need to put it out there and let the consequences be what they will be. So Will Miller and I
have discussed this and he thinks I should do what my conscience feels I should. He and I discussed
gathering together the head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, the head of the Joint Chiefs, J-2, head of
mel ice ses ahe Join Can of a to not 2-3 other aital and el level people along in 2 .
Perhaps we could get a White House person and a senate intelligence person in on this meeting as well.
8
