{"created_utc": "2026-08-10T12:39:16Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5236417, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117105-project-starlight-book-chapter-2-cont-pgs-102-137.pdf", "source_sha256": "1b519b9df6541daccdc78438f803de93bd2e9f210bd36f8369df1f4ebe5f0d27"}

102

Naturally, the grandaddy of ridicule has been reserved for           subject of

UFOs and extra-terrestrial intelligence and, in particular, the idea that life

forms could be visiting this planet from inter-stellar distances.


                                                f
To get back to the subject at han             ,the subject of the relationship

of space, time      matteand min        e first thing to recognize is that there

is universal imperative, as mentioned earlier, to look into the nature of

reality and its non-linear aspects. Because linear restrictions through space

and through time are the big barrier to being able to travel between one star

system to another. Luckily, the universe is only partially constructed in a

linear fashion. And the essential nature of the universe physically as well

as the nature of mind is that it is and always has been non-linear and has

an aspect to it which is completely non-localized and, therefore, transcends

this prison of space and time. This concept is the cornerstone of the new

paradigm of understanding that will enable us to comprehend how

civilizations which are many light years distant from this one have been able

to                       mter-stellar space and travel through inter=
        communicate through

stellar-space. Ultimately, it,will also give us the understanding of who we

are and what the nature of reality actually is.


At this point I would like to share a few concepts of dealing with the nature

of mind and the-r        ef-bur individuality. Because to relate this to the
                                                                            103

personal will make it real, hopefully. for the reader. There is an interesting

quote from a Middle-Eastern writer named Pir Vilayat Kahn; and it is a

simple statement. "The assumption of being an individual is our greatest

limitation." In the Native American traditions, one of the hallmarks of their

culture was the understanding of the inter-connectedness of all things and

of all beings, and that the notion of separateness was a particularly unusual

concept which they encounteredjthe Western world and from the white

man. Because these so-called primitive cultures always viewed themselves

and their environment as integrated wholeness,               and the view of

separateness and of a Cartesian linear, shall we say prison, was not part

of their paradigm. Because of this Cartesian way of looking at reality which

has dominated Western thought and science, we have created a completely

artificial construct of reality which has been enshrined as truth, but which

is only, actually, partial truth. Ai'r ;he larger view that there is a sub-linear

or non-linear aspect of reality where space and time simply do not exist,

distance             has been buried under a linear approach to science and
        dissolves,,
to ourselves -an with great, of course, difficulty and with disastrous

consequences for our environment and for our own personal lives.


Earlier   '             d"a concept from Irwin Schrodenger, great quantum
physicist, father of particle wave theory and I would like to share that in its

entirety.
                                                                            104

       "Mind is by its very nature a singular tentant. I should say, the

       overall number of minds is just one. There is obviously only one

       alternative, namely the unification of minds or consciousness. Their

       multiplicity is only apparent; in truth, there is only one mind."


From Black Elk, the Sioux medicine man,


       "Anywhere is the center of the world."


These paradoxes of seeing that time and space exist and that there is a

linear flow as you travel through space or time, or going from here to home,

is not to be the only way of looking at things. And the great challenge at

this point in our history is to embrace an ability to see the world and to see

ourselves with a unified consciousness in a way that does not exclude the

linear universe, but at the same time does not exclude the non-linear or

holistic universe or holographic universe, as it has been called.


Humans love to break into dualistic ways of thinking, and this has caused

us to feel that we must either accept the rational, reductionistic Cartesian

view, which is linearity; or to accept the non-linear, integrated, transcendent

             arlier times, mystical and religious concepts were all that
view. Arfd`it~

were present in societya      ',tfere was very little scientific and linear view
                                                                           105

##a       present. At this time in history, particularly in the Western world,

there is the dominance of the Cartesian and linear view of reality and a

c3em~le     dicule of the co-existing non-linear aspect of reality, both as it

pertains to consciousness and as it pertains to matter and space and time.

The big challenge of this generation is to see with the eye of oneness, to

be able to make the bridge between these two seemingly paradoxical and

opposing views on reality and to affirm that both are true. It is not an

either/or proposition; but it is in reality a question of being able to envision

linear existence and non-linear existence existing at all times in a

harmonious way.


We can look at this another way;                        ,that reality is wholly —

dependant on the level of consciousness of the observer. So that if you

were viewing things from a purely linear perspective, of time and space

flowing along and matter being separate from each other and individuals

being separate from each othe ,from that level of consciousness, that is

true. However, co-existing with that is the ability to experience both oneself

and the so-called external world as a non-separate oneness. And this state

of unity is dependant on that level of consciousness or that ability of the

mind to experience this integrated self.


The problem arises is when we are asked to choose and when then we
                                                                            106

make a choice. And the beginning of ignorance in this area is thinking that

you have to choose, because you do not. The reality is is that we do have

an aspect of ourselves which is individual and there is an aspect of the

material universe that is definitely linear. But there is also this aspect that

is integrated, that is holistic, that is transcendent, and it is non-linear. And

both are true at the same time.


Obviously, the problem with these sort of discussions is that words are

inadequate. And so,- bftent, 'xamples or metaphors are~used to try to —

convey these sort of concepts. Because words really are an         y definition/

flow from a linear means of expression. And sir o express the non-linear

reality in a linear form, that is words, is inherently flawed. So keep that in

mind as we go through this discussion.


There is no doubt that from one level of consciousness every point in time

and space and mind is at every other point in time and space and mind.

This is another way of saying what Black Elk said which I just shared with

you, "Anywhere is the center of the world." From this point of view, the

ancients who said that the Earth was the center of the Universe were

actually correct, from one level of understanding. Because every point of

infinity is by definition the center of infinity.
                                                                              107

We have to begin to look at the entire question of reality from a totally new
  \f D!_.li

vision.       Because, if we do not, we will never comprehend either the

technologies or the universe view, not world view but the universe view

which these extra-terrestrial life forms are utilizing. We will be unable to

build any kind of bridge of understanding. Because for a civilization to go

from our current state to want to be a star-faring civilization requires a

profound evolution in their view of what reality is.


Let's do this for a moment, just for our own sake, a sort of visualization.

And let's visualize the Earth becoming a place that is at peace and where

a state of global homeostasis has been reached. A certain stability where

there are no longer wars,' the people, the planet, both technologically and

spiritually have agreed to live together in peace. And the attention is then.

turned to the distant stars, because the human strives to explore the

unknown.


The resources as mentioned before that are currently tied up in warfare and

armament and many other pursuits _would be freed up for other purposes.

          is likely that a large part of that would be directed towards developing

and understanding of reality that transcends the speed of light, that enables

individuals to go beyond light speed, both for purposes of communicating

and for purposes of travel. It is interesting that each individual carries
                                                                           108

 within him or her the answer or the key to unlock this prison of linearity, and

 that is mind or consciousness. And each individual has the capacity to

 experience non-local aspects or non-linear aspects of reality through the
                                                      n
 faculty of their own innate awareness. Because of this) it is likely that the

 study of mind or consciousness in its non-local, non-linear aspects would

 be the great focus of suc' a civilization that has reached world peace and

 global homeostasis.


 I believe we are at that point. We are approaching that point in time ~---

 our civilization will transform into a global civilization that is at peace and

 which will begin to put immense effort into understanding the nature of mind

 and from there the nature of the universe, the reality of the universe. And

 with that will come the keys to understanding how space and time can be

- dent or transcended or for that matter can be essentially annihilated.


 Any star    ing civilization which has reached this planet from another star

 system has passed this way before. And the imperative of evolving and

 understanding of consciousness and of the material universe which

 transcends linearity is so great that it would be irrational for us to consider

 beginning a relationship with them without first exploring it ourselves.

 Because if we do not have at least a basic understanding of what might be

 involved in transcending space and time, we will be completely at a loss to
                                                                         109

relate to these life forms.


Empirically what has been observed with these life forms and their space'

craft is that, indeed, they do appear to bend space and time. And their

communications systems are not limited by electromagnetic radiation.

NumerousAoc unts exist, and within our own research teams we have

experienced, the ability to interface with these spacecraft and the occupants

on board through the faculty of non-linear mind and thought. This is a part

of the phenomenon which often gets swept under the carpet, because it

does not fit the understanding of the current scientific paradigm.


But we are indebted to Dr. J. Alan        who in his book Niqht        gave

several good examples of witnesses spontaneously

spacecraft in the Hudson Valley wave from 1982 to 1984, where the

individual would see the UFO, as it was called in the old days, and rather

than saying anything, would simply think, øh, I wish that it would turn
                                               c


                                                   rrL


around and come over here. Immediately it would stop, rotate on its axis,

and go right over to the person. Now, if this had happened once you could

say that it was a coincidence. But we have dozens of examples of this

occurring.


    ,c4ci
Nor, the tendency and the risk is to view this as a magical event. And
                                                                            110

from, of course, from one perspective one person's magic is another

person's everyday life. Our life driving around in cars using telephones

would be magical to someone 200 years ago. But we ignore this sort of

data at our great peril; because we may, in fact, be losing and missing the

most important lesson wttt then 'entire extra-terrestrial phenomenon may -

be trying to teach us. And that is our consciousness, our thoughts, are not

located in our brain and are not restricted and located in our body; but, in

fact, are always, whether we acknowledge it or not, not bound by space

and time. They are non-local. They are not restricted by any point in

space and time.


Often artists and musicians will stumble across something and write
                       A
something that"perhaps they did not even fully realize the importance of but

the Moody Blues wrote a very interesting line in one of their songs where

they stated that, "Thinking is the best way to travel." And, by-the way, just

a parenthetical note, one of the officers of one of their fan clubs was at a

lecture and heard me say that.and did an interview and sent it to Justin, or

Vii# Haywood.

                                               L t.
                                                      i


Because it's the understanding of ourselves--and.=        the nature reality may

be reflected back to us(r our next great leap in our understanding by this

e tra-terrestrial phenomenon) Because here you have cases, where
                                                                          111

individuals, just ordinary people, who stumble upon one of these spacecraft

will have an extraordinary experience which defies all the known laws of

physics and all the understanding of the current scientific paradigm.


    ,df course, as mentioned earlier, the big risk is to just sweep that away
as spurious data; because it doesn't fit into our construct of reality. But we

need be careful here, because what really may be happening is that it is

teaching us or giving us a glimmer or vision into our next big step in

evolution. And that is. the viewing of ourselves and of the Universe as

essentially non-local, non-linear and universal.              4y doing so,

tremendous potential will be unleashed.


We feel that in order to begin to understand these extra-terrestrial life forms

we will have to begin to experience and acknowledge the fact that

separateness is really an imagination. It is an imaginary construcwhich we

have become addicted j 'in sort of a mutual madness, a        I$ t a deux.,And
which is keeping us from expanding or stepping into our next phase of

evolution.


                              1SlfJ~ 1.
One of the experiences which the CSETI project has repeatedly had, was

that of being out in the field and having multiple members of the team

simultaneously see through consciousness a spacecraft Which-'arriving
                                                                        112

and when then subsequently then does arrive. Now, this way of knowing

is anathema to the current scientific paradigm, and yet seems to be

producible and reliable. Dare we ignore it? Because if we do we may be

shutting off the main link, the main point of communication which we will

have between human civilizations and these extra-terrestrial civilizations.


It is arrogant of us to think that they will necessarily adapt AT&T or Bell

South and utilize telephones or microwaves. They may be expecting us to

rise to their level of capacity of communication, rather than for them to

descend to a very primitive level of technological sophistication. And it

could be, it may well be, that the real lesson irb-the entire UFO and extra-

terrestrial experience is that of showing us'a gm4r1tho our future.


A man named Martin Heidegger wrote,


      "A person is neither a thing, nor a process; but an opening or

      clearing through which the absolute can manifest."


We have been taught and, for the most part believe; that we are all

separate. Before a moment, let's go on a journey beyond separateness into
                                                                                  113
oneness. And let us do this not just from the human condition, but from the

perspective of any intelligent life form in the universe. Going beyond our

identity, our identification,4   netically it is just humar{~ a then see that we---

have an inner life, a min         'd we have what has been called the ego ors

individuality which tends to dominate how we view ourselves. We view
                                    11y
ourselves through our individualit  nf1 yet, there is an aspect of us which

seems to go even beyond that.                   ere is aconstant that flows through..

all intelligent beings, whichd      i.sta       atd which is universal.        his we

call the highest common denominator, pure consciousness or mind. Now,

it ma   a that all of us have our own level of intelligence arr~ our own
                                            A                              A
bodies)      our own fund of knowledge and our own belief systems and our

own individuality. But there is something there that links all of us, beyond

just our basic humanity. Because here we are now speaking of what links

all of us, not just on this planet, but with other planetary systems. And that

is mind; unbounded, unrestricted, non-ego identified mind.


                                         s
                                 I Cw- t
Now, to make this real, let us visualize something. We are all awake at this
                                           4&.
point (I hope), and in thiswthRe m are primarily identifying at this

space/time reality, this room                                                  ith our •

individuality. But lets take for a moment the time to begin to look at the

aspect of this awakeness which we all share: pur               wakeness} Each of

us are awake. and forgetting for a moment what we are aware of, let's look
                                                                            114

at just the awakeness.


Now, beginning to see that that'awakeness which is shining from your brow,

is also shining from the brow of everyone here and every sentient being on

this planet)   hd every conscious sentient        on   any other planet. In that

sense, we can see that a person is neither a thing nor a process, but an

opening or clearing through which the absolute can manifest.


Taken another way, we can use an analogy and look at the phenomenon

of electricity. Now,   lsn
                             your house you have many different types of lights

and light bulbs. One might be yellow, one might be red, one might be

square, one may be round; but the electricity which is flowing through all of

them is the same and is an uninterrupted continuous circuit. In that way,

individuals are lightbulbs, but the current which is illuminating each

individual is hooked into this great transformer or source of consciousness,

which can be called universal. This universal aspect of mind is not and

should not be viewed as a distant, foreign element.            The awakeness

whereby you are awake at this moment, that consciousness, by

experiencing it in a quiet way can be immediately accessed into the non-

local universal aspect.         You awakeness ,as you sit right now is not

restricted by your body, by          /ego, bythis room, by space, or by time.

It is essentially transcendental to space and time and individuality, while at
                                                                            115

the same time it can illuminate this lightbulb called you, the individual that

is you.


In this sense, every individual is every other individual.        There is no

separatenes.     And- we create thi"only in our minds. Only in our limited

way of thinking do we perceive our reality or the reality of nature and the

Universe as a separate reality. And so let us begin to think of this in

another way and view it in an integrated oneness, where space and time

and separateness and individuality exist on one level. But simultaneously

and at all times there is existing this other dynamic fr nd that is this

universal aspect of mind and the universal aspect of the Universe and

matter.


And we will take this a step further. Because up until now, we have been

talking about the human reality, the individuality as being an unbounded

state in its essential nature. But matter, as it turns out, is also intelligent.

It is conscious as well. And if you doubt it, all you need to do is look to

some of the experiments which have been done where individuals have

been able to affect matter at a distance through thought or through their

consciousness. One of the studies which was done, which                'a very -- -

good one, was one whj      was done on prayer by the Spendr+##-iet~and

wbh—I      iad    subsequent followup.      And I am referring now to the
                                                                          116
intercessi®rrary prayer studies whieH               -dates   by the Spendrift    -

Institute and which         -cited by Larry Dossey in RecoverinqThe Soul,

which is an excellent book as a reference point for this whole question<'
                                                                                 —
page 59 of            iii   he Soul,


      "In a remarkable series of experiments, Spendrift researchers have

      demonstrated the ability of prayer to influence random processes in

      nature. In a germination experiment, they put 500 stressed mung

      beans oversoaked in salt water in each of three paper cups with

      holes punched in the bottom. The cups were marked either 'H' for

      heads, 'T' for tails, or 'C' for control. Then a penny was put in a box

      and shaken thoroughly and the box was not opened, Treatment in

      the form of prayer was then given daily for a week to the 'H' and "T'

      cups, the head and tail cups, and none to the 'C' cup. All the while

      the practitioner directed the effects of his prayer to correspond to the

      upturned side of the penny without knowing whether it was actually

      heads or tails. At the end of a week, there were twice as many

      sprouted mung beans in the heads cup as the other two. When the

      box was opened, the penny was also heads. Coincidence? To find

      out a series of tests was done with consistent findings. Using

        cupsthe Spendrift researchers found they coul             orrectl the

      face of a die, predict the number of a playing card, or the
cQs               1


              T       r~.


      I


          1
                                                                             117

       denomination of a bill in an envelope)depending on how the test was

       set up." ~h ~                  e Soc l i ii M L '' t (;
                            VV


In other words, non-local mind has the ability not only to influence through

space/time beyond the individual, but can ffec physical systems at a

distance. And in many of these studies                have been done, it didn't

matter if the person was in the same building or on the other side of the

planet. There was absolutely no correlation or reduction in effect because

of distance in space or time. What does this say, not only about ourselves

and the nature of consciousness, but importantly about the nature of matter

and of reality     -ofittTe Ue?
                             iivers


                                                                        A
Another interesting study was done        at involved a coronary care uni

                 ,tfctually this was publishe               e Southern 1C/lidical

Assoiation           which I get; (and it is an interesting study. I just want

to share with you this extraordinary study.        ie..reseactheiwho did it was

a cardiologist named Dr. Byrd.


       "During his 10-month study, a computer assigned 393 patients

       admitted to the Coronary Care Unit at San Francisco General

       Hospital either to a group that was prayed for by home prayer groups

       (192 patients) or to a group that was not remembered in prayer (201
                                                                         118

       patients).


       "The study was designed according to the most rigid criteria that can

       be used in clinical studies in medicine, meaning that it was a

       randomized perspective, double-blind experiment in which neitherthe

       patient, nurses, nor doctors knew which group the patients were in.

       He recruited Roman Catholic and Protestant groups around the

       country to pray for members of the designated group. The prayer

       group were given the names of their patients, something of their

       condition    nd were asked to pray each day, but were given no

       instructions on how to pray. Each person prayed for many different

       patients, but each patient in the experiment had betwee~nd~
                                                                                A

       people praying for him or her if they were in the group being prayed

       for. The results were striking."


(Again, th- -e   - -- people who were actually doing the prayer were all over

the country. And they didn't know the names, the conditions, or have any

personal connection to the people who were being admitted for these heart

attacks.)


       "The results were striking. The prayed-for patients differed from the

       others remarkably in several areas.
                                                                                    119

              1) They were 5 times less likely than the unremembered

              group to require antibiotics.
                                                                                           w


              2)              They were 3 times less likely to develop pulmonary

              edema, a condition in which the lungs fill with fluid as a

              consequence of the failure of the heart to pump properly.

              3)              None of the prayed-for group required inter-tracheal

              Intubatlon [Author note           which is when you haves     be-pter
                                                                                r


              a


                   vPniilat
                                     in which an artificial airway is inserted in the

              throat and attached to a mechanical ventilator while 12 in the

              unremembered group required mechanical ventilatory support.


              4) Fewer patients in the prayed-for group died, although the

              difference in this area was not statistically significant.

       If the technique being studied had been a new drug or surgical

       procedure instead of prayer, it would almost certain) been heralded

       as some kind of breakthrough. Even so, anyone can appreciate the

       striking implications of this study."


Now, this is not to get into a discussion of religion or prayer per se, but it

is to illustrate an essential aspect of mind and .of reality            d that is, it is

essentially at all times not bound by space and time. Now, the fact that we

identify it with our individuality or with a given point in space or time when
                                                                             120
we happen to be awake, is completely a trained and artificial reality. The

studies that are being done at another important institution, Princeton

University in the Department of Engineering, Dr. John's group;`he is a

professor of engineering in the School of Engineering at Princetor have

found that individuals are able to effect} for example, random number

generators by simply              eir minds o      thinki •         I 'me up one •
                                                                ,


number versus . i.    • -      •d flies          udies which can :e cited ad -       '

nauseam, have over and over and over demonstrated the fact that mind is

essentially not bound by space and time. Now, in some of these research

experiments, they have found that people who have apparent telepathic

capabilities, are able to receive a message before it is sent. In other words,

someone in Hawaii and someone else in Pennsylvania will be doing an

experiment. And the person who is the receiver will receive the message

before the person has been given the instruction to send it. How can you

receive something before it is sent? It is because mind, th awakeness

whereby you are awake at this moment is not bound by space, but it's also

not bound by time.          And since it is not bound by time, awareness,

consciousness can access any point in space or time. This is a very key

point. If it is transcendental to space and time, it is therefore able to access

any point in space and any point in time. For this reason, an individual in

Denver may be able to remotely view, as it has been called, or see through

the faculty of consciousness,an event taking place in Siberia. But, it is also
                                                                            121

true that an individual in 1995 may be able to perceive an event with great

clarity that is taking place in the year 2095, or can perceive an event with

great lucidity that took place in the year 2000 BC, or can perceive an event

that took place in another galaxy in the year 5 million BC.


The point being that once it is acknowledged that mind in its universal

aspect,; the aspect that is tied into the flow of electricity to the cosmic

generator if you want to look at it that way, or to universal mind, once it is

acknowled>     t j `tgart the essential nature of mind or consciousness is

unrestricted in space or time, then you can begin to utilize that knowledge

to access any point in space and time.


It appears that these extra-terrestrial civilizations have found a technical and

reproducible uplink between what we would call material machine and

technology and this non-local aspect of mind and non-local aspect of matter

or reality and by tapping into that are able to access any point in space or

time and can communicate regardless of restrictions of distance or of time.


Are we confused yet?         I hope not. Because this is a very basic

understanding that is required before we can begin to go into any sort of

visualization or comprehension of what a relationship might be with these
                                                                             122
life forms and what might be required in terms of our research and in terms

of our methodology, which will be discussed in the later Chapter on the

 lose Encounters of the 5th Kind Initiative.


There is a wonderful quote from Lame Deer, who is a Siouxdar ian

medicine man. It is one of my favorite quotes. And Lame Deer said,


       "What you see with your eyes shut is what counts."


And how true          is. Because ultimately the notion of inner and oute5and
             thatt
self and non-self all of these are dualistic concerns which have no basic
                  A
foundation in reality. They are all artificial constructs.    1. ame Deer is

saying here that whether you see it with your physical eyes and neurons

and pathways to the brain, or whether you are able to see it with your eyes

shut, it makes no difference. And, in fact, what you see with your eyes shut

may be a more accurate representation of reality than what you see with

your eyes open. But p         this is a complete reversal of what is accepted

as true by modern Western thought in the current paradigm.


It is clear, however, that the extra-terrestrial life forms and the 'primitive' or

ancient civilizations on this planet knew of another reality. And that is a

reality which together with the scientific paradigm must be brought together
                                                                          123
in a unified state. Ultimately this requires the ability to make a very big

quantum leap from the Cartesian to a non-Cartesian view of the world, a

non-linear view of the world. And, as always, it has to beyond language.


A very great thinker named Arthur Koestler said,


       "Language can become a screen which stands become the thinker

       and reality.     This is the reason why true creativity starts where

       language ends."


Albert Einstein said,


       "The words or the language as they are written or spoken do not

       seem to play any role in my mechanism of thought. Conventional

       words or other signs have to be sought for laboriously only in a

       secondary stage. When words intervene at all, they are in my case

       purely auditive."


This is a very important point. Is t i f (here is a pre-verbal aspect of mind,

and beyond that there is a non-local aspect of mind from which great

knowing can be derived. Now scientists like to debunk this sort of thinking,
                                                                          124
because it appears to be irrational. However, it isn't. It is well-known, for

example, that the chemist who discovered the basis for modern organic

chemistry did so in a lucid dream. He fell asleep in a rocking chair by a fire

when he had been struggling trying to figure out the mystery of organic

chemistry. And in it a serpent appears and made what is now recognized ~J* --•

-wrrat d'fhe benzine ring, which is the basis for essentially all organic

chemistry of the modern era. And this came to this man, and he admits it,

through the dream state. What was operating there? What aspect of mind

was being accessed that it manifested through that sort of dream?


I would like to share with you what the inventor of the electron microscope,

nonetheless; a gentleman known as Dr. Max Knoll, who is professor in the

Department of Electrical Engineering at Princeton University, stated.


       "The fact that an idea suddenly emerges full-blown calls for the

       existence of a special intuitive function. The content of this idea is

       best described in timeless, non-spacial terms. Always unmistakable

       are the suddenness and the activity of the intuitive event and its

       tendency to occur in a state of relaxation and after a protracted

       period of meditation. This cannot be attributed to higher thinking

       functions."
                                                                           125

There is, in fact, a secret history of science, and that is,the greats of the

scientific world and inventors and what-have-you, have on a very important

level of their lives been mystics and—have.- been--peep1e who have

recognized the mysteries of mind and the non-local nature of reality. And

to that end, I would like to share with you a very important quote from Sir

James Jeans,


      "When we view ourselves in space and time our consciousness are
                                                                yJ
      obviously the separate individuals of a p rticle)picture. But when we

      pass beyond space and time, they may perhaps form ingredients of

      a single, continuous stream of life. As it is with light and electricity,

      so it may be with life. The phenomena may be individuals carrying

      on separate existences in space and time, while in the deeper reality

      beyond space and time we may all be members of one body."


And Einstein said,


      "A human being is part of the whole, called by us universe, a part

      limited in time and space. He experiences his thoughts and feelings

      as something separate from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his

      consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us

      to our personal decisions and to affection for a few persons nearest
                                                                           126

        us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening

        our circle of compassion to enlist all living creatures and the whole

        of nature in its beauty."


A professor of physics at Yale named Henry Morganau said,


        "If my conclusions are correct, each individual is part of God or part

        of the universal mind.      I use the phrase 'part of with hesitation

        recalling its looseness and inapplicability even in recent physics.

        Perhaps a better way to put the matter is to say that each of us is

        the universal mind, but inflicted with limitations that obscure all but

        a tiny fraction of its aspects and properties. Is the task not then to

        go beyond self, to reach self. And to transcend separateness to -

        reach unity."


In this sense, St. Francis knew, the greatest requirement for understanding

this aspect of reality is the dissolution
                                       F
                                          of ego and the stepping outside of
                                     t


self.   As one of the great              mystics said to a disciple who was -

contemplating walking on the water,


        "Leave thyself behind and then walk upon the water."
                                                                            127
It is the limitations of smallness and the individuality, which, while being the

lightbulb, the individuality through which that light can shine, but which also

can get in the way of the flow from that greater source, that universal

source. And the individuality has its highest function as it sacrifices itself

and allows the individuality to exist only to the extent that the universal

aspect can then be manifested. This is a great paradox. And it elucidates

some concepts which have thought in the past to be rather religious and

perhaps even held in a pejorative way by modern society, and that is the

concept of sacrifice and of humility. Because that word sacrifice means to

make sacred. But if you go back to the roots of these words, what it really

means is the slaying of self, the submission of individuality so that this

universal aspect can flow through it. And referring again to the earlier

quote is it not true that the individual is a point of entry for the absolute to

be seen in the world.


Now these somewhat mystical and theoretical musings, as some would

view them, have very important practical implications.            Because by

experiencing it, we begin to understand that there is an unmistakable

interface of oneness (to look at it another way) to what we consider inner

and outer or this or that, or matter and mind.        All these dualisms are

actually artificial constructs and they exist only at a certain level of

awareness. But they are ultimately an optical delusion, to use Einstein's
                                                                            128
words.   They are, in fact, an optical delusion.      And to understand the

significance of how this could change our way of looking at the world,

consider this: that the non-local or non-linear aspect of mind, that aspect

which is universal, that awakeness whereby each of us is conscious, is one

with that aspect of matter and of what we call the external universe, which

also is non-local. How else could someone praying for a cup of seeds

affect them unless there was some common link so that that seed that is

sprouting would be affected by that distant mind? Ultimately, what would

be realized is that the warp and woof of the material universe is intelligent

mind, is consciousness. And thisexplains why an adept, a mystic, in India

might be able to learn to be abf to place their mind on an object and float

it through space and through a window. How would it be possible unless

there was a component of matter, which was itself conscious?


I'm not sure if any of this is making any sense. But it's a critically important

thing to where we are going to go next. And that is the understanding of

how this theoretical basis may at some point find its way into practical

technologies and ultimately into communication systems and into propulsion

systems, which are beyond our wildest imaginations. Because if it is true

that matter in its sub-sub-sub atomic aspect is, indeed, non-local, and The
     at                               ..ice.
af'e-~#tt~~tt g-~uantum physics^ that t      s' indeed, the case; that you -

cannot localize in space or time even matter. That in that non-locality there
                                                                              129
  iówakenesy`And guess what? Thai awakeness is the same~awaken
                                                             s

  whereby you at this moment are conscious and awake.               There is no

  divisibility here. Consciousness in its essential nature is indivisible and this

  is one of the key pints. It is a non-divisible singularity. It's not as if there

  is that consciousness and that consciousness and that consciousness.

  That's only an identification with the individual.            The nature of

  consciousness is the essential nature, is that it is indivisible, inseparable,

  and one. So the awakeness whereby each of us is awake is the same

  awakeness. And therefore, while this may sound like poetry, we are really

  all one being. One conscious life. But guess what? So is this stone. And

  so is this book. Because its essential nature also is awake. And that

wa akenes&is one with the wakenessof every individual, which ultimately

  is not individual but is universal.


  By understanding that, it then begins to make sense that an individual by

  accessing mind in its non-individuality aspects and its non-local aspects and

  its transcendent form,,could interface with a rock levitated across the room

  and through a window.        It is no longer necessarily magic.        It is an

  understanding that that which is consciousness with that individual is

  resonating with the consciousness of that rock or the awakeness or the

  intelligent awake aspect of that piece of matter. The two are then related

  and there can then be an interface. Now, the mechanism of the interface
                                                                         130
is a little more complex. But let's not get into that quite yet.


Let's look at the nexus, what I call this cosmic nexus, this non-local nexus.

The point where non-local mind from the individual life form, a human or an

extra-terrestrial, and the non-local intelligent conscious aspect of a mung

seed or a rock or a physical body that is sick in a coronary care unit. That

nexus is not dependant on space or time; it doesn't matter if you are

separated on opposite sides of the galaxy or opposite sides of the globe.

Because by definition you are dealing with an aspect of reality that is

transcendental or beyond space and time.           And yet çt1hat nexu    by

recognizing it can begin to be accessed and that state of oneness, that

integration of inner and outer, of self and non-self, can occur. And then

there can be an effect on what is called the external environment.


A very good body of knowledge which illustrates this, although the
                                                                 many of

the researchers don't realize this yet, is the area of mind/body medicine.

How is it, for example, in the coronary care unit study that individuals

praying could affect, rf voi -witf this cosmic mind, people who they do not
                                                 7 1(2
know in a distance city.     So much so that they are radically different

outcomes in someone having a massive heart attack. Except that, that

individual's body at the coronary care unit at San Francisco General is in

fact not separate at all from this unbounded consciousness. It is one with
                                                                                 131
it; and, therefore, can be affected by it.


Maybe I've drve`rted too far into this. But, the point in all of this is to say

that we are emerging into a time where ac '         view   of reality must become

integrated to the point that we recognize that non-locality, non-linear

existence is real and that there are very profound applied aspects to this.

Not only in terms of health and of healing and medicine, but also in terms

of reproducible technologies related to communication and          to


                                                                        travel, space -

travel.


We'll return now to another idea. I recently met with two individuals who

had been out at the University of Nevada in Las Vegas, where they had

been in a laboratory run by a scientist named Dean Radin. And in this

laboratory, this is twentieth century Earth, now, 1995, they are working on

a psychic switch, or mental switch, whereby individuals could stand near or

not near a computer, think to it and turn it on.           Sounds like phantasy,

magic? Motorolla is investing money into this research.


Before we discount these concepts of reality too quickly, we need to be

very careful. ,,b'eca use, indeed, the next great wave, way beyond Alvin

Toffler's Thirde,          of the future has to do with the comprehension of, the

affirmation   oc,
                    the practical application≥f non-locality in everyday life. This
                                                                                132
is not something just for the mystics or the poets or the Einsteins. This will

become, and is quickly becoming, the foundation for a new science and a

new way of viewing reality.


Now, if in twentieth-century universities, such as at,          .N.L   research is

already going on and programs are being set up so that individuals can

interface t ceadi with a computer, may we be forgiven for speculating for

just a moment on what might be the manifestations of technologies coming

to us from inter-stellar space and from civilizations which are in the

hundreds of thousands to millions of years more advanced than ours

technologically By looking at this the mystery of the woman in Hudson

Valley, New York - looking at the UFO and saying, oh, I wish it would turn

around and come here so I can get a better look, and it instantly stopping,

rotating 360, and then locking on to her and coming over - is no longer

such a mystery.


There is clear, reproducible, technological interface with what we call mind

in its non-local aspect. It is operating, it is fully functional, it is reproducible,

and reliable. Now, the fact that we have not invented it yet at UNLV or

elsewhere does not mean it does not exist out in the cosmos. f                  9ing

again to our concept that empirical of all true learning in science; ,f there
                                             n
is no question, that the CSETI experiments,as well as experiences of other
                                                                           133
people just spontaneously • ••'-,:';    -=       ese UFOs, indicates that there

is an aspect of these spacecraft and their occupants :fwbere_tbey—a-

interfacing with the non-local aspect of mind and the non-local aspect of

matter simultaneously and have perfected this operation within this cosmic

nexus where mind and matter are one to such an extent that there is high

accuracy in both their communication andftheir propulsion systems as it

deals with transcending or breaking the prison of space and time.


We are fortunate to live in a period of history where all this is coming

together, the inner and the outer, mind and matter, science and religion if

you will. If anythiig;-Wnothing~else we are living..      time at the beginning

of an age where this oneness of vision, this unity state will be the big

theme. That is the mega-trend of the next millennium.                  state of
                                   w!


oneHess)                  oth   cientifical      in the world of though

communications and travel, this theme of the essential oneness and non-

separateness will be preeminen                the most important concept of the

coming thousand years or so. A          e are beginning to just get a glimmer

into it and how it could be applied not only in our inner lives but also

technologically. ..&fj's that begins to be explored, we will begin to, I

believe, elucidate technology which approximates some of these

extraordinary things which are observed with these extra-terrestrial

spacecraft.
                                                                          134
Again, returning to the concept, perhaps one of the great lessons of this

phenomenon is that we are glimpsing into our future. We are getting a

preview of the capacities which await us in the realm of mind.


 would like to discus      I i1e-4t-has-been-feferred to brr cfly to the earhf

    one of the manifestations of this extra-terrestrial interface between

non-locality and locality, or linear and non-linear reality, mind and matter

 as referred to in the previous Chapter, and that is, technology-assisted -

consciousness. There is very little doubt from people who have had close

encounters that these life forms have technologies, machines if you will,

that assist them both in communication and in the projection of thought and

consciousness over vast distances. There are technological means that

assist in the augmentation or amplification of mind and thought. One can

envision,r      a multi-channel device that, perhaps like Carl Sagan's CETI

project with its multi-billion channel device to pick up millions of channels

at once in microwave spectrum, i it possible that there are multi-billion

channel devices to assist with the monitoring or communication through

consciousness and thought? The answer is yes. It seems very obvious that

it is possible to have technological assistan     consciousness                  -~--

technological                          s has the potential to -evolving to the

point where~ommunication device        eliable ones, could take place solely
                                                                          135
through mind and         thought   without using    microwave     signals.e~

electromagnetic devices.o AT&T.        MCI or any of the rest. (No offense to -

those corporations, but their technologies are headed for the dustheap of

history.   Memo to Wall Street.      That's another Chapter, the economic

implications of this.)


This is only one example of technology-assisted consciousness. There are

others. For example, since consciousness in its innate nature is non-local,

it is possible to access any point in space or time. So that if one needed

to by technological assistance of this faculty of non-locality or non-linear

mind,one could access an event that happened a million years ago to learn

of the past. But, one could also access the future. 4R      Jture sciences or

the ability to remotely view the future, to s                     e on Earth.

up until now being the domain of seers and mystics, may in the future be

an entire specialized area that will have technological assistance in this

area. They may never be 100 percent accurate, simply because anything

that we say and do and think in the present affects the future; and,

therefore, it's only a matter of probable futures. You can only speak in

terms of probabilities. And, of course, this is one of the things that quantum

mechanics has taught us. ,~yl~u1'evertheless, in terms of certain realms of

probabilities, these things could then be envisioned. It is likely that there

are technological devices being used by these life forms to enable them to
                                                                                136
 not only communicate          rrvast distances of space instantaneously, but -

 also to access past and future events and to be able to remotely view

 current events in real time, whatever real time is to you at this point in the

 discussion.


 This opens up an entire area of possibility which will lead us into areas of

science and areas-_ iearning which cannot even be imagined today.
                           .c..1                 -'
Because imagin     e ability to have a technological device to assist mind

in remote-viewing back to the year 5 billion BC or 20 billion years ago or

500 billion years ago, when allegedly the Universe didn't exi .3 •: it did,

actually. Or going into the future. That is just to give you an idea of the
value of technology-assisted consciousness.


Now, there are other areas that have to do with what may be called more

mechanical applications. For example, technological devices that would

assist consciousness in not only information gathering or knowing and

learning, but also in terms of affecting the environment. For example, a

technological device that would permit someone.through the faculty of non-

local mind to more accurately affect someong,who is ill on another continent

in a positive way. Or to te e- s®me        • - • - _;_.a   •   -   _   •   here the -

amplification of mind-stuff,

technological-assisted devic 1Nould enable a boulder to be moved out of
                                                                         137
the way, or a plant to be affected or gathered.      You can see that the

potentials are limitless, once this nexus begins to be explored or understood

and then technological applications result.


Now, the flip-side of that i consciousness-assisted technology, where the

technology is assisted by mind, the other way around. In this sense, one

can envision the devices that interface with mind where the mind directs or

assists the machine or the computer in what it is doing and the tasks that

it has to undertake. This sort of consciousness-assisted technology would

expand normal technological methods into a non-linear potential. And in

that sense there would be potential for affecting, for example, a spacecraft

in its travel through space-time by interfacing with what we call mind-stuff

or consciousness in its non-local aspect.


We mention these things only to give you a sense of what a vast universe

there is theme waiting for us and how we're only on the threshold, the early

intimations, of an era where non-locality would become applied everyday

life and would have applications in not only how we interact with each other

but in transportation, communications, learning, knowingness, and personal

growth and development. But whoever wrote that history is over and that

time has come to an ends nd the book of all learning is closed, methinks

they spoke too soon.
