{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T18:02:42Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 647385, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117135-wilbert-smith-canada-dept-of-transportation-ufos-most-highly-classified-subject-in-us-more-than-h-bomb-excerpt.pdf", "source_sha256": "9b91ccb3eda4b90c55acd3f6df154fb09168f68ac6cd22c1db575e6322df420a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 430, "chars": 2709, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dom une diying baucor" by Freak Solils, and
the otter "Ice Flying Saucers are Real" by Dorald heyhoo.
Both books dealt
mostly with the sightings of widentified objects and both books clala that
Flying objects mere of extra-terrestrial origit ard night nell be space ships
Iren crother planet. Scully claimed that the proliniuszy studiss of
one saucer which full into ine tends of the Uritoû States Govolnaent
dict that to operatad a sone hitherto valin magetic
principles. It appeared to me that our oin word in geo-magaeties
by til the sanes cre designed end opsratod. If it is assured thet
I operation of the esucers besomes quits straightformid, with ell
obsorred festuros explained quelitativoly and quantitetivoly.
I made ülscroat erquiries through the Caredian Entassy
staft in washington who were able to obinia for te the Iollowing
intorestion:
a. The matter is the most highly classified subjec in the Unitod
Ststes Govérazent, rating bigher even
thas the E-borab.
Do Ilyiay saucers exist.
. Their nodus operazil is untroin but concentrsted eftori 1s 0ging
made by a small group headed by Doctor Vancerar bush.
d. The entire matter is considered by tho Taited States authorities
to be of tremendous significance.
1ves fare into that the bite states authorities are irresicatiag
such as nsntal phenoneza end I cather that they are not doing too wall sinse
thog Indicatsd thet 11 canady 1s doing saything as 9l1 1: goo-agnetics thes
moulå melcome a discussin with suitably secredited Cansalass.
While I du not yet in a position to say that ne liste 303703.
even the ilist problems in ges-nagnetic enerty release, I leel that the
correlation betneon our basic theory and the availablo information on
sancers cants too closely to to more coincider It is ly nas i
that no are on the rigat track and are fairly close to at least some of tho
II. Fright, Defcice Research Soard Ilalson officer at the
Canadian Babessy in Washlagics, was ezticely antions for Be to got in touch
Pith DoctoI Solandt, Chairmen of the Doîcace Research Board, to discuss with
him future investigations alorg the lins of geo-magnetic uner I0le230.
I do not feel that ve huya as yet sufficient data to pless before Detonee
Research Zeard which would erable a program to be initieted within that
c=ganization, but I do Ieel thai further researe 13 necessary Bad I would
preter to so it done within the frenu wark ofur 05 orgsuization ith,
of coursa, Iwl co-operation and erchange of inforastion sith other
intorested bodies.
I discussed this sette= fully with Doctor Solarit, Chairman Of.
intermedioa is I have been ebla to gather to date. Doctor Solecds agreed
that work en go tagatle: ener should go loimard as Iapidly as possible
