{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T18:30:46Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 45525, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117140-exopolitics-or-xenopolitics-2006.pdf", "source_sha256": "1e74ca8e32d7d29d157421141501602710c586ae6824835eb4ecd0d848fdb74d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2835, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Exopolitics or Xenopolitics?
by Steven M. Greer M.D.
Director, The Disclosure Project
Copyright 2006
Note: This article may be freely distributed as long as it is reproduced in its entirety.
We have watched with some concern as the emerging area of exo-politics has taken a
dangerous and potentially ruinous turn towards rumor, urban-myth speculation and
inflammatory xenophobia.
While there are certainly diverse opinions regarding why any given extraterrestrial
civilization may wish to visit Earth at this time in our history, recent public comments by
Michael Salla have added a virulent strain of fear-based xenophobia, based on the flimsiest
of documentation. While I am usually reticent to engage in commentary regarding the
opinions espoused by certain personalities, I feel a point has been reached where silence
only redounds to the further empowerment of a message of fear, hatred, prejudice - and
the unwitting buttressing of the argument for weapons and war in space.
Clearly, more is unknown than known in the vast field of extraterrestrial studies. And at this
embryonic stage of human-extraterrestrial relations, there is yet much to learn, explore and
discover. But in the past year, Salla, who purports to support peaceful initiatives in this
regard, has put forth prejudicial and dangerous characterizations of ET actions - up to and
including the ludicrous accusation that a certain tall, white ET race caused the Boxing Day
Tsunami of 2004! He has maintained that a nefarious and injurious group of ETs have made
a secret pact with covert humans - and have a harmful agenda towards the human race.
This, and more.
The Disclosure Project has over 450 military, government and corporate insiders who have
first-hand knowledge of actual UFO/ET events and projects. We find it odd that not a single
one of these insiders can confirm the xenophobic rumors proffered by Salla.
The conflation of urban myth and rumor as fact is a dangerous precedent given what is at
stake: The early stages of ET/Human interaction and relations. We cannot afford to
recklessly take every rumor and tale - often originating from counter-intelligence operatives
who are tasked with either defaming the UFO subject or sowing fear and prejudice - as a
point of fact upon which to reach a conclusion.
The facile acceptance of every story as true- no matter how dangerously xenophobic - is
irresponsible and can only serve the agenda of those who wish to see the populace dis-
informed, panicked and cowed into eventually accepting a military, space-based solution to
the ET problem.
Consider: The Disclosure Project, as well as other researchers, have found a multi-decade
pattern of hoaxed UFO/ET related events that are clustered around pseudo-contact
experiences (also know as abductions) mutilations, vivisections and the like. Numerous,

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 548, "chars": 3501, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
corroborative military and shadowy para-governmental witnesses have testified to actually
conducting abductions and mutilations for their psychological warfare value. Once such
witness, an Army Ranger involved with special ops stated to me: "You have no idea how
many people - including prominent military and political figures - we have abducted and
terrified so that they will learn to hate the ET presence and support conflict with them..."
Martin Cannon in the 1980s, and later the book MILAB (Military Abductions) documented
the sophisticated use of electronics, ARVs (man-made UFO look-alike craft called alien
reproduction vehicles) and 'stage-craft' to hoax ET contact events for their psychological
warfare value.
Indeed, CIA documents released to us under FOIA, and which appear in 'Extraterrestrial
Contact: The Evidence and Implications', and 'Disclosure', both by this author, discuss using
the UFO matter for psychological warfare purposes.
The Canadian top-secret document by Wilbert Smith from the early 1950s explains that the
UFO matter is the most secret subject in the US government, exceeding even the secrecy
surrounding the development of the hydrogen bomb. Given these facts, is it reasonable to
accept as true every scary account circulating in the public, and based on such tales, make
sweeping, prejudicial statements regarding this ET race or that?
We must use restraint and caution if we are to avoid being manipulated into the acceptance
of another false enemy to unite around and fight. Numerous senior shadow government
insiders have independently described to me a concerted effort to dis-inform the public and
create the false impression of a threat from space, so that eventually a multi-trillion dollar
build-up of weapons in space will be accepted by the masses.
Such propaganda is nothing new. Every military power that has wished to further engage in
warfare has first demonized the enemy. Hitler and his minions expertly demonized Jews,
gay people and others so that people would passively accept the 'final solution'. The
virulent, negative portrayal of such groups was essential to the creation of a supposed
enemy to be dealt with violently.
Today, we see racist appellations applied to certain alleged ET groups - The Grays! The
Reptilians! The Tall White Ones! Must we go down this tired, dirty path again? Must we
replay the sordid history of human racism, prejudice, and xenophobia as we begin our first
steps towards the stars?
No. We must not. We must restrain our lower fears and tame our own demons - and look
with the eye of truth at the cosmos around us, and ask ourselves this: Who would benefit
from such fearsome portrayals of ET life? Where might such a shadowy group wish to lead
us? How much information - bandied about so cavalierly as fact - may actually be
sophisticated counter-intelligence disinformation designed to sow the seeds of hate and fear
- thus justifying weapons in space.
The usual suspects - those who thrive on enormous concentrated wealth and power - would
like to unite the world - but not in peace. They wish to unite and control us not for that
good future that assuredly awaits humanity. Rather, they wish to control through fear and
war - a war between worlds - the final master-play of power consolidation where all of
humanity may be stampeded into a unified opposition to some - maybe only one - ET race.
And by so doing, amass the ultimate global control, through fear spreading like wildfire
amongst the people.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 394, "chars": 2420, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dr. Von Braun on his death-bed warned of such a plan. He warned us that after the Cold
War, there would be 'rogue nations and nations of concern'; and that this would be followed
by global terrorism; and that this would be followed by a threat from space - the ultimate
trump-card of fear, whereby the entirety of humanity could be united to, as the movie
'Independence Day' put it, "kick alien butt!"
There is no way to assess an ET agenda without first grasping the covert human agenda.
We cannot discern what is real and what is Memorex - what is ET and what is pseudo-ET
disinformation, unless we penetrate the halls of smoke and mirrors that is the vast shadow
government's propaganda machine.
It is not easy. It takes enormous patience, perseverance, diligence and care.
But it is worth it - for to do otherwise is to wittingly or unwittingly make exo-politics an arm
of the propaganda war machine.
We must do better than this. We must restrain our fears and prejudices and avoid the
dissemination of negative and fear-inducing stereotypes, based on anecdotal tales and
counter-intelligence programs. We must investigate fully the technological and psychological
capabilities of those who are behind human UFO secrecy - and learn to discern the false
CSETI (The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence - www.CSET1.org) which is
the parent organization for The Disclosure Project (www.DisclosureProject.org) has been
sending expeditions around the world for 16 years to make contact with ET peoples. We
have never been harmed. We have never been threatened. We have never been afraid.
Thousands of people over the course of hundreds of expeditions, have interacted with these
UFOs - and with the beings on-board them.
Through all of this, we have only found ET people who want to understand and help us.
They are waiting for us to join them in space - as a people at peace. Then and only then will
we find the arms of the Cosmos wide open, ready to embrace a peaceful and enlightened
humanity, which will then travel freely among the stars.
We are proposing that those concerned with a constructive, mature approach to the
emerging ET/Human relationship form a new Council on Inter-Planetary Relations. As a
council of concerned citizens, let us explore how to best further a peaceful relationship with
these cosmic visitors. Will you join us?
Steven M. Greer MD
2 May 2006, Albemarle County Virginia
