{"created_utc": "2026-09-04T09:20:44Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 75573, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304099598767341, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117107-cosmic-deception-let-the-citizen-beware-2002.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540632230000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/117107-cosmic-deception-let-the-citizen-beware-2002.pdf", "source_sha256": "c4b9bbd066acf5e4e14b92cb4b5c6ddebbec52d81e2313375972b3e7e16fc80c"}

COSMIC DECEPTION: LET THE CITIZEN BEWARE

                               by Steven M. Greer M.D.
                             Director, The Disclosure Project


                                      Copyright 2002


Imagine this. It is the summer of 2001, and someone presents you with a script for a
movie or book that tells how a diabolical terrorist plot unfolds wherein both 110 story
World Trade Center towers and part of the Pentagon are destroyed by commercial jets
hijacked and flown into those structures.

Of course you would laugh, and if you were a movie mogul or book editor, reject it out of
hand as ridiculous and implausible, even for a fictional novel or movie. After all, how
could a commercial jet, being tracked on radar after two jets had already hit the World
Trade towers, make it through our air defenses into the most sensitive airspace in the
world, and in broad daylight on a crystal clear day, slam into the Pentagon! And this in a
country that spends over $1 billion a day to defend itself! Absurd, illogical - nobody
would swallow it!

Unfortunately, there are some of us who have seen these scripts - and of far worse things
to come - and we are not laughing.

One of the few silver linings to these recent tragedies is that maybe - just maybe - people
will take seriously, however far-fetched it may seem at first, the prospect that a shadowy,
para-governmental and transnational entity exists that has kept UFOs secret - and is
planning a deception and tragedy that will dwarf the events of 9/11.

The testimony of hundreds of government, military and corporate insiders has established
this: That UFOs are real, that some are built by our secret 'black' shadowy government
projects and some are from extraterrestrial civilizations, and that a group has kept this
secret so that the technology behind the UFO can be withheld - until the right time. This
technology can - and eventually will - replace the need for oil, gas, coal, ionizing nuclear
power, and other centralized and highly destructive energy systems.

This 5 trillion dollar industry - energy and transportation - is currently highly centralized,
metered, and lucrative. It is the stuff that runs the entire industrialized world. It is the
mother of all special interests. It is not about money as you and I think of it, but about
geo-political power - the very centralized power on which the current order in the world
runs. The world is kept in a state of roiling wars, endless poverty for most of Earth's
denizens and global environmental ruin, just to prop up this evil world order.
As immense as that game is, there is a bigger one: Control through fear. As Wernher von
Braun related to Dr. Carol Rosin, his spokesperson for the last 4 years of his life, a
maniacal machine - the military, industrial, intelligence, laboratory complex - would go
from Cold War, to Rogue Nations, to Global Terrorism (the stage we find ourselves at
today), to the ultimate trump card: A hoaxed threat from space.

To justify eventually spending trillions of dollars on space weapons, the world would be
deceived about a threat from outer space, thus uniting the world in fear, in militarism, and
in war.

Since 1992 I have seen this script unveiled to me by at least a dozen well-placed insiders.
Of course, initially I laughed, thinking this just too absurd and far-fetched. Dr. Rosin
gave her testimony to the Disclosure Project before 9/11. And yet others told me
explicitly that things that looked like UFOs but that are built and under the control of
deeply secretive 'black' projects, were being used to simulate - hoax - ET-appearing
events, including some abductions and cattle mutilations, to sow the early seeds of
cultural fear regarding life in outer space. And that at some point after global terrorism,
events would unfold that would utilize the now-revealed Alien Reproduction Vehicles
(ARVs, or reversed-engineered UFOs made by humans by studying actual ET craft - see
the book “Disclosure” by the same author) to hoax an attack on Earth.

Like the movie “Independence Day”, an attempt to unite the world through militarism
would unfold using ET as the new cosmic scapegoat (think Jews during the Third Reich).

None of this is new to me or other insiders. The report from Iron Mountain, NY, written
in the 1960s, described the need to demonize life in outer space so we could have a new
enemy. An enemy off-planet that could unite humans (in fear and war) and that would
prove to be the ultimate prop for the trillion dollar military industrial complex that
conservative Republican President and five star general Eisenhower warned us about in
1961 (no one was listening then, either...).

So here is the post-9/11 script - one that will be played out unless enough people are
informed and the plan can be foiled because they will be unable to fool a sufficient
number of citizens and leaders:

After a period of terrorism - a period during which the detonation of nuclear devices will
be threatened and possibly actuated, thus justifying expanding the weaponization of space
- an effort will ramp up to present the public with information about a threat from outer
space. Not just asteroids hitting the Earth, but other threats. An extraterrestrial threat.

Over the past 40 years, UFOlogy, as it is called, combined with a mighty media machine,
has increasingly demonized ETs via fearsome movies like “Independence Day”, and
pseudo-science that presents alien kidnappings and abuse as a fact (in some circles) of
modern life. That some humans have had contact with ETs I have no doubt; that the real
ET contact has been subsumed in an ocean of hoaxed accounts I am certain.
That is, real ET events are seldom reported out to the public. The Machine ensures that
the hoaxed, frightening and intrinsically xenophobic accounts are the ones seen and read
by millions. This mental conditioning to fear ET has been subtly reinforced for decades,
in preparation for future deceptions. Deceptions that will make 9/11 look trivial.

I write this now because I have recently been contacted by several highly placed media
and intelligence sources that have made it clear to me that hoaxed events and story-lines
are imminent that will attempt to further ramp up the fear machine regarding UFOs and
ETs. After all, to have an enemy, you must make the people hate and fear a person, a
group of people, or in this case an entire category of beings.

To be clear: the maniacal covert programs controlling UFO secrecy, ARVs and related
technologies - including those technologies that can simulate ET events, ET abductions
and the like - plan to hijack Disclosure, spin it into the fire of fear, and roll out events that
will eventually present ETs as a new enemy. Do not be deceived.

This hogwash, already the stuff of countless books, videos, movies, documentaries and
the like, will attempt to glom onto the facts, evidence and first-hand insider testimony of
The Disclosure Project, and on its coattails, deliver to the world the cosmic deception that
falsely portrays ETs as a threat from space. Do not be deceived.

By commingling fact with fiction, and by hoaxing UFO events that can look terrifying,
the Plan is to eventually create a new, sustainable, off-planet enemy. And who will be the
wiser?

You will. Because now you know that after 60 years, trillions of dollars and the best
scientific minds in the world pressed into action, a secretive, shadowy group - a
government within the government and at once fully outside the government as we know
it - has mastered the technologies, the art of deception, and the capability to launch an
attack on Earth and make it look like ETs did it. In 1997, I brought a man to Washington
to brief members of Congress and others about this plan. Our entire team at the time met
this man. He had been present at planning sessions when ARVs - things built by
Lockheed, Northrup, et al, and housed in secretive locations around the world - would be
used to simulate an attack on certain assets, making leaders and citizens alike believe that
there was a threat from space, when there is none. (Before he could testify, his handlers
spirited him away to a secret location in Virginia until the briefing was over...) Sound
familiar? Wernher von Braun warned of such a hoax, as a pretext for putting war in
space. And many others have warned of the same.

Space based weapons are already in place - part of a secret parallel space program that
has been operating since the 1960s. ARVs are built and ready to go (see the book
“Disclosure” and the chapter with the testimony of Mark McCandlish, et al). Space
holographic deception technologies are in place, tested and ready to fire. And the Big
Media is a pawn, now taking dictation from the right hand of the king.
I know this all sounds like science fiction. Absurd. Impossible. Just like 9/11 would have
sounded before 9/11. But the unthinkable happened and may happen again, unless we are
vigilant.

Combine all of this with the current atmosphere of fear and manipulation and there is a
real risk of suspending our collective judgment and our constitution.

But know this: If there was a threat from outer space, we would have known about it as
soon as humans started exploding nuclear weapons and going into space with manned
travel. That we are still breathing the free air of Earth, given the galacticly stupid and
reckless actions of an out of control, illegal, secret group, is abundant testimony to the
restraint and peaceful intentions of these visitors. The threat is wholly human. And it is
we who must address this threat, rein it in and transform the current situation of war,
destruction and secret manipulation to one of true Disclosure and an era of sustained
peace.

War in space, to replace war on Earth, is not evolution, but cosmic madness. A world
thus united in fear is worse than one divided by ignorance. It is now time for the great
leap into the future, a leap that moves us out of fear and ignorance and into an unbroken
era of universal peace. Know that this is our destiny. And it will be ours just as soon as
we choose it.

Steven M. Greer M.D.
Director, The Disclosure Project

June, 2002
