{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-15T10:47:52Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7398452, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117211-briefing-memo-for-ce5-french-government-december-2006.pdf", "source_sha256": "87a0882ff35f7bf717995448222172fd5da3cd540cdc91381f800c9ab7ecf623"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2283, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
1
STEVEN M. GREER MD
DIRECTOR
CSETI
MEMO
17 DECEMBER 2006
Sensitive and Confidential
Dear Philippe and Alain,
Since recently learning of the specific purpose of the meetings in France, I have given
considerable thought to the requirements for a successful event. I regret that I did not
know the nature of these meetings until now, but nevertheless feel that, with proper
preparation, there is a good chance of an historic event.
This memo is to very briefly outline a few of the issues involved, and explain the optimal
conditions for contact, as well as those exigencies that may limit the event.
While certainly nobody can guarantee any specific outcome, the likelihood of a
substantial event is greatly enhanced by advanced planning, adequate logistical support, a
thorough briefing of those present and a clear and appropriate intent for contact.
It must also be recognized that there are certain factors that may be beyond our control.
These include the willingness and ability of the visitors to engage at any given point in
time and given any specific set of circumstances, and counter-measures that may be used
to limit or terminate the event by covert human actions, whose capabilities are of some
significance and have been directly demonstrated to our team in the past.
Moreover, the event may occur within a wide spectrum of well-documented phenomena:
from fully materialized objects, to energetic manifestations in a variety of ways (from
infrared to ultraviolet, to plasma-like objects) to auditory or tonal events, to events that
are primarily beyond the resonant frequency of light and solid matter (see attached
summary).
In conducting these expeditions around the world since 1991, we have found that there is
a very high likelihood of an event, but that there is a wide range of phenomena observed,
depending on the venue, intentions of each person present, and so forth. I would caution
against facile assumptions regarding how the visitors may appear, and over what time
period. Often we observe that the events will build, after an initial period of assessment,
scanning and indirect phenomena by the visitors.
Conditions that support a favorable and high-level contact include:
• A secure site, with adequate perimeter security, privacy and access control;

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 398, "chars": 2574, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
• All those present properly briefed on the type of phenomena that may occur
and on the proper protocols for contact so that a calm, orderly and purposeful
event may ensue;
› The intent of all those present being that of peaceful, diplomatic contact that is
of mutual benefit to all concerned, including the visitors;
> Adequate logistical support and equipment, with a Contact Team that is
prepared for smooth and efficient conduct no matter how intense and proximal
the event may be;
• Coherence among all members of the Contact Team and a clear chain of
command to facilitate the event.
Factors that may seriously limit or reduce the likelihood of successful contact include:
> Site security breech or nearby civilian or police who may be alarmed and
disrupt the event-- or worse, draw firearms or other weapons;
• Chaotic or incoherent activity at the site;
• The presence of one or more persons on site who are fearful, agitated, or who
possess motives that are violent, conflict-oriented or overly self- aggrandizing;
> An intent to make Contact for ulterior motives, such as the acquisition of
exotic technology;
• The presence of weapon systems, either on site or in space, that may limit the
event due to security considerations by the visitors. It is important to note that
a substantial space-based reconnaissance and weapons capability exists and
has been used in the past to track, target and, tragically, destroy or disable
these objects.
We would recommend, therefore, that all those present be properly briefed prior to the
event and that discussions regarding proper logistics occur in advance of the event.
The site should be remote, secure and its perimeter inviolate. Air Traffic Control should
route any aircraft around the site. If possible, space reconnaissance should be in place to
verify a clear vector of approach. Firm and well-planned counter-measures should be in
place to secure the site and the airspace around the site.
I will need five people (already trained and part of our team) for support and logistics.
Additional personnel can be provided by our host country as they deem necessary.
Optimally, the following equipment would be available on-site:
1. The highest powered, portable, battery operated silent laser available
2. Audio transmission equipment to project contact tones on multiple
frequencies with optimal power- again, portable, silent and battery operated
3. At least 4 digital very low light video cameras with Infrared (IR) capability,
such as Sony Nightshot
4. Still digital cameras with IR and ultraviolet capability

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2049, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5. Sensitive magnetometer connected to an audible signal to detect magnetic
field flux
6. Third generation night vision scopes
7.
Small spotting telescope
8. Advanced military IR scopes that view real-time images in the IR range
9. Portable radar amary able cf route. prograce i ng sibes systemi must not
block out stationary objects, or objects moving outside the envelope of
conventional aircraft)
10. Digital audio recording device with multiple high-end microphones placed on
site
In the event of a very close approach or landing, all personnel and officials present should
be briefed on contact protocol to facilitate a smooth, calm and efficient sequence of
events.
Logistically, it may be desirable to have the Contact Team and technical support
personnel on site while VIP officials are nearby. Closed circuit monitoring may also be
desirable so that these officials and/or their assistants may know when an event is
beginning. The number of people on site should be kept to a logistical minimum.
Contact may proceed over several events, separated in time- and perhaps at alternative
sites.
I would suggest that there be an initial briefing in Paris as soon as possible for those who
plan to be present, followed by our contact team setting up on site for a day or two prior
to VIP attendance. This preparation period is essential. Often we find that contact events
unfold over 3-5 days, although we have certainly had extremely close encounters on day
one of such expeditions.
Please feel free to share this memo with relevant persons and to contact me to discuss this
further. If any officials in the host country wish to discuss these details, perhaps we
should arrange a conference call as soon as practical.
We are very excited about the potential this effort presents and fully support you in your
dave tongabich petitil son on eace and subs elent dined diplomatic ents prile
fitting that this historic event should occur now within the territory of France.
Best always,
Steven M. Greer MD
Director of CSETI and The Disclosure Project

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 2203, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
May 11, 1999
UFO/ET PHENOMENA
OBSERVED BY CSETI FIELD TEAMS
Compiled by T. Loder (Dec. 4, 1998) and updated May 11, 1999
with help from L. Willitts, T. Guyker, T. Craddock, D. Foch and others
Introduction
When observing in the field, it is important for a SETI field team to be alert for a significant
variety of phenomena that are associated with ET activity. These include phenomena that impact on
the full range of senses including visual, remote viewing, hearing, touch, smell, and emotional. It is
sometimes possible to determine the efficacy of a suspected craft by using CE-S protocols including
light/laser signals or thought/mind requests for a response signal indicative of a true ET craft. The
following list includes phenomena and responses that have been observed by many CSETI working
groups in the field at many locations throughout the world. Any additional information on
phenomena would be welcome and will be added to the list.
Visual - Sky -Night time sightings
Alleged meteorites
Incoming ET craft can often appear to look like a meteor, however, sometimes they act very
different then a normal meteor.
• They may move much more slowly than a normal meteor and become stationary.
They move across the sky in a horizontal manner.
• Their flight path changes directions sometimes by as much as 90 degrees or they zigzag in
flight.
•
They respond to thought command to change direction
They are larger, brighter, and more spherical.
• They flash bright or get dimmer on their own or in response to being signaled at with a spot
light or laser light.
• They may enter a building through a window. This phenomenon was seen by a SETI team
in England in July 1997. A distinct blue-white sphere moved through the sky in an are from
behind a large tree and entered the window of the house where Dr. Greer and Shari
Adamiak, inside, saw it appear as a small, shimmering ET.
They may be huge, brightly colored, and streak directly down from the apex of the sky and go into
the ground with no explosion, disturbance of the ground, etc. A CSETI team witnessed a bright teal
object
exactly this in Joshua
Tree National Park in November 1996.
Night Time UFO/ET Phenomena
1
Copyright 1999, CSETI

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 488, "chars": 3026, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 11, 1999
Alleged satellites
Satellites move at a constant speed across the sky and are usually seen during the first few hours
after sunset. They may appear with a constant brightness or may pulse in a regular fashion as the
satellite rotates reflecting sunlight. Some satellites (i.e. Iridium types) may flash very brightly as
the sun glint from their solar panels reflects to the ground. Constant speed and course characterize
real satellites. Low level satellites usually traverse the sky from zenith to horizon in 2-4 (?)
minutes. ET craft or ARVs (Alien Reproduction Vehicles - made on earth) can travel at speeds
ranging from virtually standing still hovering) to speeds allowing them to traverse the width of the
sky in a fraction of a second to several seconds. They also can change speed and direction more
rapidly than conventional aircraft.
• Satellites are visible until they gradually fade from view. Anomalous "satellites" suddenly
disappear, or if viewed through powerful night-vision binoculars, can be seen to dart swiftly
into space at an angle perpendicular to their earlier trajectory.
• ET craft may change direction or speed or may change brightness sometimes in response to
a directed thought or signal such as a powerful flashlight or laser.
• ET craft may also appear at any time of the night unlike normal satellites.
Star-like UFOs
following manners.
Here we refer to objects that appear to be stars at first observation, but act differently in the
• They blink off and on, sometimes randomly, sometimes moving slightly between the blinks.
We observed a whole "squadron" of craft one evening in Sedona that blinked off and on for
10-15 minutes in one area of the sky. When a laser was pointed at one of the craft it glinted
off the craft. Night vision scopes can be useful in determining the number of craft if they
are far away.
• A star-like object appears on or near the horizon (most common though they can be most
anywhere and remains there motionless for a long period of time (minutes to hours). These
are often dismissed as a star until it suddenly flies off, changes brightness, or fades out in a
cloudless sky. It may also change its appearance in response to signals.
• Some stars twinkle actively and change colors, twinkling white, green, and red, especially
when they are near the horizon. So do some UFOs. A star-like object may be seen in the
sky, and over a period of a few hours, may be observed to move east while all the other stars
in the sky move west. This phenomenon was observed by a CSETI team in England in 1997.
A large, twinkling "star" was seen to move from behind one large tree and travel 30 degrees
across the sky and disappear behind another tree, while all the other stars moved in the
opposite direction.
(Air) Plane-like UFOs
Here we refer to airplane-like objects that are lighted and fly like planes, but are not planes. They
may be either ET craft or ARVs (Alien Reproduction Vehicles - made on earth).
Night Time UFO/ET Phenomena
2
Copyright 1999, CSETI

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 509, "chars": 3112, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 11, 1999
• Although all planes are required by the FAA to flash or strobe lights at night, some planes
and some UFOs do not. (Is this true?) In Sedona, AZ, a CSETI team watched a probable
ARV fly by silently, with no flashing lights in the company of military reconnaissance jets.
Its speed, odd lighting and silent behavior made it appear very anomalous, although at first
glance it looked like another plane in the night sky.
• Usually flashing or strobing planes that sound like jet or prop engines are normal planes,
however totally silent planes may be UFOs (or ARVs), note the sound of other "planes" in
the same area of the sky.
• Any plane that appears to be silent should be watched very carefully even though it may
appear to be a perfectly normal plane. ET craft can be cloaked to appear perfectly normal.
In Crestone, CO, several years ago, a group of SETI workers observed in broad daylight a
small private plane fly very low right over the group in total silence, and then proceed into a
mountain canyon and just disappear. Many of the witnesses later reported seeing the plane
in different colors.
Orbs and Lights
Distant orbs.
• Depending on their size and proximity to the observer, these objects may appear as single
star-like objects up to round glowing objects of varying sizes. They are often a uniform
amber or gold in color though they can appear in various colors. Airplane landing lights are
often mistaken for orbs, but can usually be differentiated by noting the light's location (such
as proximity to an airport), strobing lights and/or associated red and green navigation lights.
• Orbs often will remain stationary for a period of time though they do move about as well.
Lights may be any color and can appear singly or in groups. Group lights may be either
individual craft flying together or a single large craft with lights on the outer edges such as
observed over the Santa Barbara channel or Phoenix, AZ. Flares, often dropped by the
military to confuse observers after a genuine sighting has occurred, float downwards at
different rates and give off smoke seen above the floating lights. Since they fall at different
rates, a line of flares will often have a jagged appearance after several minutes.
Close orbs.
• These often appear as small spots of light (like a laser spot) or small globes that may appear
within several 100 meters or as close as touching a working group member. These are often
considered to be probes and either contain intelligence or are under intelligent control (the
difference may be academic). They can move about, change intensity and just appear and
disappear.
• They can also appear as amber-colored "street lights", and may even be mistaken for street
lights until they suddenly disappear, or are seen in rural fields where there are no street
lights (e.g. the "golden orbs often seen in Wiltshire, England).
• Close orbs can also be very misleading when they are initially observed and mistaken for
people with flashlights or other simple explanations. For example a small group of very
Night Time UFO/ET Phenomena
3
Copyright 1999, CSETI

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 497, "chars": 2935, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 11, 1999
experienced SETI team members described the following observations in Sedona one
night in November, 1998. "...I saw four lights behind J. which I thought at the time were
shining from the road. There were three lights, light amber in color, roughly the size of an
average flashlight, in an uneven row. To the right of the 3 amber lights was a dull red light
at least twice the size of the others. In the red light there seemed to be a small grid-like
pattern. There were no beams coming from the lights. The four lights then moved rather
irregularly to the right and out of my sight. I then commented to the others that I had seen
some lights and perhaps there were people on the road. Every one commented that they
hadn't heard anything and there certainly was dead silence on the site." ..." I kept thinking
about the lights that I had seen and finally asked D. to shine the big light in the direction I
had seen the lights. When she shined the light it did not illuminate the road - the road was
too far down the ramp to be seen - it illuminated the edge of the mesa at least 20 feet behind
the truck. That's where I had seen the lights, no more than 40 feet (roughly) from where we
were sitting! The lights had moved to the right behind the truck out of sight and had not
reappeared."
Very Large Orbs.
• Observers (CSETI and others) in England in 1998 twice saw a very large (3X full moon)
orange globe rise above the horizon, then dip back below, then rise again before it suddenly
disappeared. This object was observed on two nights, in different directions each night. The
second night, after it rose above the horizon for the second time, it "dissolved" as it
disappeared, and several British military jets and helicopters appeared in the area within 30
seconds, even dropping a flare in the vicinity of where the object had been seen.
• Although orb appearances may be for extended time periods (minutes to hours) sometimes
they appear so quickly, one has to be looking in just the right direction to see one. In Joshua
Tree in 1997, 5 to 6 CSETI team members observed a globe-like object 1/4 to 1/3 the
diameter of the nearly full moon appear to the left and below the moon and travel to the
right and below the moon and then just vanish all in just a few seconds.
Dark objects
These objects (craft are often observed under starlit skies with minimum moonlight and may be
moving or still. They may appear as rapidly moving black objects (unlit) that stand out against the
star field and can range in size from small to apparently huge.
• For example, in 1997, a group on Mount Blanca, CO watched a rectangular cloud form over
the top of the mountain on a cloudless night. A few minutes later a black object was seen to
fly up, out of the cloud, which then disappeared.
•
More examples of these darting black objects were seen by a CSETI team in Hawaii in 1998
Night Time UFO/ET Phenomena
4
Copyright 1999, CSETI

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 414, "chars": 2483, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 11, 1999
Distorted Sky
There are times when a craft hovering just beyond the crossing point of light will cause a distortion
in the star field. It will appear as though there are heat waves or shimmering even though no object
arousing ty. Tear may be indicative of a hovering of the sly aese disardon aval ten
observed both at a distance and close to an observing group when a craft was either just above a
group or surrounding a group.
• In England in 1998, the beam of a powerful laser directed at an area approximately 25 feet
from the group was distorted/bent when it hit the edges of a cloaked object on the ground
(and partly on a river).
Grids and energy fields
Some observers have reported seeing a manifestation of energy grids in the sky which appear as
ines of light which may sparkle or fade in and out. These can often be very subtle and therefore no
seen by every member of the team. However, on Mt. Blanca several years ago nearly everyone in
the group was able to see energy sparkles all over the mountain, appearing like lightening bugs from
a distance.
Flashlight or Camera-like Flashes
Flashes of light have appeared in mid-air, with no apparent source.
• In England in 1997, two flashlight-like streams of light burst horizontally amid a group of
people, but others surrounding the group were not using their flashlights.
• In Hawaii in 1998, four CSETI observers witnessed two flashes within a few feet of the
group, as
though
flash photos had been taken, but there were no cameras nearby.
Close proximity events with a craft beyond the crossing point of light
There are a number of signs to look for in the event that a craft has approached a group in the field
and is just beyond the crossing point of light. We will assume that there may also be ETs on the
ground nearby or among the observing group. Although a craft or ETs may be observed at any time
by someone skilled at remote viewing techniques, we will deal here with phenomena observed more
typically with the "usual" senses. The use of slightly out-of-focus or "soft eyes" will often aid in
seeing. Different observers will observe some, none, or all of the following. Seeing with both your
physical eyes and the mind requires practice.
If the craft is close to the crossing point of light there may be "bleed through" and the craft may be
partially visible, or perhaps just a sparkling is apparent to some. This sometimes appears as a faint
Night Time UFO/ET Phenomena
5
Copyright 1999, CSETI
•

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 2873, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 11, 1999
glow or even a scintillating full form of a ship. Craft may appear either whitish or in soft colors.
Keep in mind that craft may also become totally visible to everyone on the team. Both types of
phenomena have been observed numerous times by CSETI field teams. IR or UV cameras may
image these objects.
During an event, members of the group may sense or observe some, none, or all of the following:
• A sense of body warming.
•
A sense there is an increase in the surrounding temperature.
•
An apparent change in atmospheric pressure, which can be felt in observers' ears.
• A decrease in wind - a stillness or quietness feeling perhaps leading to the feeling of
warming mentioned above.
• Body vibrations from barely detectable to full-out shaking.
• Hair on head, arms or legs stands up (pilo erection)
• Sounds including: buzzing, humming, clicking, or strange, otherworldly screeching
(sometimes heard by only some of the observers).
• Radar detectors setting off for no obvious reasons.
• Animals in the area will respond with howling, barking, etc. Animals will often respond to
ET presence before humans are aware of it.
• Scents or smells including ozone and flowers scents such as violets, roses, carnations, sage,
etc.
• Emotional feelings especially that of warmth and love, sometimes so strong that people are
moved to tears.
If ETs are on the ground nearby or among the CSETI team, which has happened many times, the
following additional phenomena have been observed:
• Shuffling sounds on gravel or rustling branches, leaves, or grasses.
• Strange breathing or coughing sounds.
• Soft and gentle touches.
• Sparkling lights moving around and within the group. The lights can appear as small probes
or as vertical forms or shapes of light often greenish or white.
• When a bare hand is moved though the light forms the hand will sparkle as though there was
an electrical discharge
• The appearance of the ETs may range from just areas of faint sparkly light to indistinct
shapes to fully visible entities with clothing, facial features, and hands, etc. all fully
distinguishable. It should be noted that different people will see the ETs very differently,
even when the people are standing beside each other, so that some report seeing nothing,
others a slight shimmering or shadows, and others can describe the ET in detail. Often
however, what is observed is just dark or fuzzy forms near the group as described by this
team member observing in a small group in Sedona. "We had been visiting for about an
hour when I noticed a fairly tall form to the right of the tree. It was upright and the same
shade as the tree. I kept having a running conversation with myself that went, "Is that part
of the tree or is that a life form" and "It really looks familiar but it can't be a life form, so it
Night Time UFO/ET Phenomena
6
Copyright 1999, CSETI

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 524, "chars": 3113, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 11, 1999
must be part of the tree." It didn't move, but I kept an eye on it. I have no idea why I didn't
tell the others what I was seeing." She later described: "We decided to call it a night and
started to pack up at which point I looked to see if the form by the tree was still there - it
was gone. I stood in the spot where I had seen the form and estimated that it must have
been at least six to seven feet tall." She added that she has seen this type of very tall form at
least four other times.
• If the ETs are being "projected" into the area and a person walks into the projection area or
"energy field", there is a distinct feeling of soft pleasant warmth as one passes into the
"field".
• Interactions between ETs and individual group members range from just a sense of presence
to loving personal acknowledgement to full telepathic conversations. The sense of love is
almost always present, no matter the level of the interaction, and is truly wonderful and
unforgettable. The conversations are typically non-verbal. Field observers have reported
shimmering-light ETs that have stood in front of them or sat at (on) their feet for prolonged
times.
• The ground around the group may appear colored such as emerald green or red. Some
observers have noted complex geometric shapes and forms or beautiful unusual pictures
while interacting with the ETs. These colors, forms, pictures may occur with the observers
eyes both open in the "soft eyes" mode or closed. One observer described the experience as
though the ETs were sharing beautiful art with him.
• If the field team has been surrounded by a craft, partially in the ground and partially above,
members can sometimes see structural parts of the interior of the ship depending on how
visible the ETs make it and the persons ability to 'see'. This is when there is a feeling of
quiet, warmth, the star fields may appear to distort and there is often a strange sense of time
distortion. Often when the craft leaves there is a distinct brightening around the group.
• Some or all the above interactions may also occur in this situation and when they do, it is
truly a wonderful "out of this world" experience.
Group members may bi-locate.
• In England in 1998, seven people sitting in a circle in a pasture were engulfed by a craft
The air became still, as though the wind were blocked, the temperature rose 10-15 degrees,
and many ETs were perceived among the group of people. While remaining ever conscious
of sitting in the pasture, the group was also conscious of looking down at Earth from space
(through a window in the bottom of the craft) and joining the ETs in a meditation for the
healing of the planet.
Other "Strangeness" Happenings added by our Webmaster
These happenings by themselves appear as isolated "funny things that happened to me the other day
while out observing or at home " yet taken as a group they may indicate some sort of interaction or
communication by someone with perhaps a sense of humor. This is just a sample of some of the
types of things that have happened.
Night Time UFO/ET Phenomena
7
Copyright 1999, CSETI

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1589, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 11, 1999
• Randy's flashlight being disassembled in his lap during CTS and the pieces scattered round
him and his sleeping bag.
• The ETs insistence in locking Pat's door on my car. Being a Metro, it is 100% mechanical.
We were at the jobsite a couple of weeks ago, and she heard a click as it was locked once
again while she was standing next to it. Doors were locked and interior lights were turned
on SG's car while we were in Hawaii.
• Smells. After the last night at Sedona had an overpowering smell of sage in my room all
night (no, it was not toilet freshener!).
• C. being on-line the day after a fieldtrip, her phone rings, and she carries on a conversation
while still logged on to the Internet....she only has one phone line, and it is not dedicated.
• Washing machines, dryers turning themselves on, and their doors being left open (C.)
• Microwaves turning on. VCRs turning on and off and locking up. Squawking noises being
broadcast thru pocket dictaphone, and machine locking up.
• Rigids heck witten to someone whos are at was tying to ye we eas co and
this could also have been a mental feat.
• Pieces of toilet paper appearing to flutter around the sky in the dark of night (of course this
could have been toilet paper if the night was windy!)
• Being touched onsite or having a sleeve tugged.
• Having pictograms beamed into your head - half inside, half outside, the bedroom pulsating
with light visible with eyes open and closed........AJC
• SG sees UFO while we are chatting on the phone.
• And many many more.
Night Time UFO/ET Phenomena
8
Copyright 1999, CSETI
