{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T05:34:05Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1123500, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117213-ce5-french-government-equipment-list-december-28-2006.pdf", "source_sha256": "a38dc653b37e2180004f7348871138122c5726e0ddee0fbf3c450fe4f29faaa0"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2288, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MEMO TO: XXXX
MEMO FROM:
CSETI Contact team
DRAFT: December 28, 2006
The following are some thoughts on equipment we would like to see available during the
upcoming visitor event. These are not final, but reflect initial ideas based on our field
experience over the past almost two decades.
There will be three levels of observers involved with the event. All will be in contact
with each other using portable radios, utilizing an assigned communicator representing
each group. A means of recording all intergroup communications shall be provided by
the European Team (Euro Im).
Event Team Descriptions
Team A. The Primary Contact Team (PCT) led by Dr. Greer consisting of CSETI team
members and other select individuals with preliminary contact protocol training.
Team B. On site Event Monitoring Team (EMT). These team members will be located
nearby the PCT, within visual sight of the PCT. They will be responsible for monitoring
the event, recording data, and notifying the PCT of changes in their data observations as
the event unfolds. Each member of the EMT will be responsible for their own set of
monitoring equipment such as video cameras, magnetometers, still cameras, sound
recorders, etc. They will be responsible for communication with the Off Site Monitoring
team and site security.
Team C. Off-Site Monitoring Team (OST). This group will consist of any appropriate
military and civilian groups that are available to monitor farfield phenomena that are part
of the event itself. For example, acquisition and analysis of real time satellite
observations of the contact site and surrounding airspace. Analysis of local and regional
radar tracking systems for unknown objects, etc. They will be coordinated and in
contact with the PCT through the EMT.
Team D. Site Security Team. This team reports to the OSMT and its job is to make sure
the contact site is secure and safe all team members and visitors.
Equipment Needs
The equipment falls into three broad categories, all of which will aid in making the event
successful: Initial Vectoring, Detection, and Documentation. Listed below are equipment
needs for each category or phrase of the event. There is obviously some overlap. For each
item I will note if this is provided by CSETI or the European Team (Euro Tm) or Both.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2246, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Initial Vectoring:
Although, much of our initial vectoring relies on mental protocols, some physical signals
are useful.
1. Handheld transmit/receive radios to transmit Beeping tones. (Both)
2. Portable tape player with speakers to play beeping tones at site while transmitting
(see 1, CSETI will provide the tone tapes) (EuroTm)
3. Powerful handheld green lasers (>5mv output). To be used by CSETI team for
close-in signaling. (Both)
4. Small portable strobe lights, minimum of 3, preferably 5-6 to identify the specific
landing site. (EuroIm)
Detection
Since many of the UFO phenomena can occur at different wavelengths, several different
means of detection can be employed, especially since phenomena often occurs beyond
the range of normal human sight.
1. Very low light video cameras with near IR capability such as a Sony Nightshot
camera with built in hard drive to save data. Example Sony Model XXXxx. We
would like to have three of them on tripods outside the team group pointing in
three directions at the group. This will document any events happening in the
visible and near IR both within and right around the group. We will need at least
a fourth camera, tripod mounted that will be operated by a skilled photographer,
just outside the group that can respond and document phenomena outside the
range of the stationary cameras. This fourth camera should linked to a computer
screen so events being recorded can be reported to the team in real time. The
cameras, tripods and the camera operator should be supplied by the EuroTm.
2. Portable "UFO Detector", a very sensitive magnetometer. These sense and signal
very small changes in the earth's magnetic field and respond to UFO type objects
(that disturb the earth's field) even when they are invisible to normal sight. The
CSETI team will provide 1 or 2 simple portable magnetometers for real time use
by the immediate team for instant feedback. The EuroIm should provide a more
sensitive magnetometer with digital data output that can be stored and observed in
real time on a computer screen. We expect the EMT to be able to provide
feedback to the team in real time to augment the portable magnetometer
information and to record and provide a permanent record of the event. (Both

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 236, "chars": 1527, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3. Military night vision scopes utilizing visible and IR wavelengths. A number of
these scopes should be available to both the immediate team group and the nearby
offsite monitoring team.
4. Stabilizing binoculars. These are to be used by specific members of both the PCT
and EMT for visual identification. (Both)
5. Small telescopes 30-70+ power for rapid identification of anomalous objects.
(Both)
Documentation
1. Still digital cameras with IR and UV capability, for documenting more detail than
the videos to be used by the EMT. (EuroIm)
2. Video cameras monitoring the PCT and surrounding events as noted above.
These would be separate from the cameras stationed around the PCT and run by
personnel with the EMT. (EuroIm)
3. Recording high-end military IR scopes that see and record real time images in the
IR. We would like to have similar capabilities for wavelengths in the near UV as
well, which would most likely require separate scopes and recording systems.
These would be run by the EMT personnel. (EuroTm)
4. Recording magnetometers. (EuroTm)
5. It is expected that the OSMT groups will record any events they sense using
whatever sensors they have at their disposal. (Euro Tm)
6. Audio recording of all communications between groups during the event to be
coordinated by the EMT. (EuroTm)
7. Monitors that can scan and record signals within various radio frequencies.
(EuroTm
8. Any other sensing and documentation technologies that the military may have that
we are presently unaware of at this time. (EuroTm)
