{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-15T00:46:09Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7187427, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117896-big-brothers-recipe-for-revolution-in-military-affairs-2009.pdf", "source_sha256": "6bb49dce8296939755498cec5ef59fa46bca9bee0d0f2d8a0b51d29e675e5987"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 2049, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Big Brother's Recipe for Revolution in Military Affairs'
http://www.ivanfraser.com/articles/conspiracies/bigbrother.html
THE TRUTH CAMPAIGN
home | about | magazines | articles | news | order form | links | site history
Big Brother's Recipe for 'Revolution in Military Affairs'
by Glenn Krawczyk
[The following article is printed with permission from Nexus magazine, June-July 1995.]
Are we being taken for a psychological ride by the
self-appointed elite, via various covert military and
propaganda campaigns designed to foster widespread
belief in ETs as part of the grand-design for the psycho-
civilisation of mankind?
The Revolution
In 1994, the Strategic Studies Institute (SSI) of the US Army War College
(Carlisle Barracks, Pennsylvania) produced a paper entitled, 'The Revolution in
Military Affairs and Conflict Short of War".
'. In the paper, the authors propose
, 'Many American strategic thinkers believe that we are in the beginning
stages of a (sic) historical revolution in military affairs (RMA). This will not only
change the nature of warfare, but also alter the global geopolitical balance. 2
This revolution is not only strategic. It is also fundamentally technological.
'Sensor technology, robotics, nonlethal weapons, and intelligence
meshes will be used in combating terrorism, counteracting
narcotrafficking, and peace operations. These technologies, along
with stimulator training and unmanned aerial vehicles, will also be
useful in insurgency and counterinsurgency 3
The authors of the SSI paper recommend ongoing research, analysis and
debate on a number of topics including, 'Technology designed specifically for
conflict short of war, especially psychological, biological, and defensive
technology!* They also suggest that, as large numbers of Americans may find
themselves in areas of instability and conflict, such individuals might benefit
from being 'equipped with an electronic position locator device (PLD). The
device, derived from the electronic bracelet used to control some criminal
1 of 11
1/13/2009 1:05 PM

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 449, "chars": 3039, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Big Brother's Recipe for 'Revolution in Military Affairs'
http://www.ivanfraser.com/articles/conspiracies/bigbrother.html
offenders or parolees, would continually inform a central data bank of the
individuals' locations. Eventually, such a device could be implanted under the
skin..'5
The paper also openly declares that, 'Behaviour modification is a key
component of peace enforcement,' and that "Soft kill systems can play a key
role: Furthermore, with regard to counterinsurgency, 'Greatly improved
intelligence gathering and fusion is a primary component of the RMA, and
proposed information warfare capabilities might be ideally suited for helping
develop desired emotions, attitudes or behaviour!?
The authors recognise that, 'The use of new technology may also run counter
to basic American values*, and that, 'Deception, while frequently of great
military or political value, is thought of as somehow "un-American"
Due to this fact, and aiso that the majority of Americans may find the use of
many of the emerging technologies 'morally difficult, the authors conclude that
the military might consider that American values and attitudes thus form
significant constraints on full use of emerging technology, at least in anything
short of a perceived war for national survival!?
The central premise of the paper is that:
In its purest sense, revolution brings change that is permanent,
fundamental, and rapid. The basic premise of the revolution in
military affairs (RA) is simple: throughout history, warfare
usually developed in an evolutionary fashion, but occasionally
ideas and inventions combined to propel dramatic and decisive
change. This not only affected the application of military force, but
often altered the geopolitical balance in favour of those who
mastered the new form of warfare. The stakes of military
revolution are thus immense...? 1°
With such 'immense' stakes, might the military have felt the need to covertly
foster revolution in order to bring about the change necessary to make the use
of new weapons and technologies less 'morally difficult for the American
people? The paper leaves the reader in little doubt that the answer to this
question is resolutely affirmative, for the paper declares:
'Overcoming these constraints to make RMA in conflict short of
war would require fundamental changes in the United States - an
ethical and political revolution may be necessary to make a
military revolution 11
The authors then declare that, rather than being limited by 'constraints and
countermeasures', there is another alternative: we could deliberately engineer a
comprehensive revolution, seeking utter transformation rather than simply an
expeditious use of new technology: 12
Have the opening moves of such a revolution already been played? Is the
American national security establishment already at war with its own citizens
(and those of other 'civilised' nations) in order to coerce them to accept the
formerly unacceptable by means of 'the manipulation of images, beliefs,
2 of11
1/13/2009 1:05 PM

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 382, "chars": 2792, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Big Brother's Recipe for 'Revolution in Military Affairs'
http://www.ivanfraser.com/articles/conspiracies/bigbrother.html
attitudes, and perceptions 13
, that is, psychological warfare? Once again, the
reader is left with little doubt that the answer to this question is a resolute YES.
The authors write that to achieve a 'Revolution in Military Affairs', the Army
must fully recognise that psychological technology is of much greater
importance than strike technology:
Ways must be found to use emerging technology, including
advanced artificial intelligence and information dissemination
systems, to help military strategists develop, implement, and
continually improve methods of influencing opinion, mobilising
public support, and sometimes demobilising it? 14
The Recipe
The Association of National Secunty Alumni is a Maryland-based organisation
composed primarily of former US national security establishment employees
who oppose the use of covert operations. The Association letterhead declares
their credo:
..Covert actions are counterproductive and damaging to the
national interest of the United States. They are inimical to the
operations of an effective national intelligence system and
corruptive of civil liberties, including the functioning of the judiciary
and a free press. Most importantly, they contradict the principles
of democracy, national self-determination and intemational law to
which the United States is publicly committed 15
In 1992, an Association sub-group known as the Electronic Surveillance Project
published a preliminary investigative report, entitled 'Microwave Harassment &
Mind Control Experimentation', which detailed the covert deployment and
testing of emerging behaviour-modifying direct-energy technologies on u
citizens against whom the United States Government has no legitimate legal o
moral claim. The initial study investigated the claims of 12 alleged victims of
covert harassment and experimentation. By mid-1993 the Association had
been contacted by approximately 72 victims, and at the same time of this
writing has been approached by over 200 such individuals. 16
In a 1993 supplement to the original report, written by Julianne McKinney,
Director of the Electronic Surveillance Project and author of the initial report, it
states:
While the majority of these "experiments" reside in the United
States, a number of virtually identical complaints have also been
received from England, Canada and Australia. It would appear
that these activities are also ongoing on the European continent,
and in the former Soviet Union. Connections between this global
pattern of activity and the objectives of the so-called New World
Order remain to be determined.
The categories of types of complaints being received by this
3 of11
1/13/2009 1:05 PM

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2840, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Big Brother's Recipe for "Revolution in Military Affairs'
http://www.ivanfraser.com/articles/conspiracies/bigbrother.html
Project have also changed since publication of this report.
Survivors of certain satanic cults (alleged to protect the interests
of goverment and military 'political satanists' in this country,
former Vietnam-era 'programmed assassins', prison inmates, and
so-called UFO abductees' are now reporting an array of
experiences (and symptoms) which are remarkably similar to
those addressed in this report. Experimental drugs, induced
auditory input, vicious overt harassment, attempted psychiatric
discrediting (unless the experimentee dutifully claims to be a UFO
abductee), and an extremely painful array of extemally-induced
symptoms are included in this shared panoply of experiences.'
McKinney later states:
'It has been suggested that the long-term objective of all this
experimentation is to develop a system by which all (surviving)
citizens of this country may be monitored and tracked by a
sophisticated, perhaps satellite-based cybemetics system.
Certainly some of the research being dedicated to "mapping of the
brain" shows this potential. We are in receipt of preliminary
information which points to magnetic resonance imaging as being
critical to this process 1
Upon reading the Strategic Studies Institute paper, 'The Revolution in Military
Affairs and Conflict Short of War, McKinney wrote to the authors, Steven
Metz, PhD., and LTC James Kievit, to critique its content. In the letter,
McKinney writes:
'First, I noticed a rather curious omission in your paper, namely,
the impact of a 'revolutionised' military on the rights of US citizens
as they might be inferred to exist under Article IX of the United
States Constitution. True, you have expressed some concem
about potential 'ethics' violations resulting from unconstrained
evolutionary or revolutionary processes; however, I see no
reference anywhere in your paper to the military's primary
responsibility in upholding, protecting and defending the US
Constitution! 18
Armed with information gathered during investigations by the Electronic
Surveillance Project, as well as the testimony of the individuals whose cases
the Project has studied, McKinney suggested in her letter that the recipe for a
successful 'revolution in military affairs' (RMA) was, in fact, considered some
30 years ago and may presently consist of the following ingredients:
'Satanic Cults; UFO cults; Directed-Energy Technologies;
Neurocyberetics/Psychotechnologies;
Biotechnologies/Experimental Drugs; Multinational Govemment
Contractors and Subsidiaries; Investment Portfolios and Other
Financial Inducements; Imported Foreign National Scientists; A
Controlled and Compliant Media; Decentralised US Government
Control; An Induced Crime Wave. 19
4 of11
1/13/2009 1:05 PM

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 470, "chars": 3415, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Big Brother's Recipe for 'Revolution in Military Affairs'
http://www.ivanfraser.com/articles/conspiracies/bigbrother.html
Julianne McKinney herself is a former US Army intelligence officer who
apparently ran operatives out of Berlin. Bearing this in mind, it is perhaps
reasonable to assume that she would have a fair understanding of the typical
mindset of members of the national security establishment, and that her list of
"ingredients' may therefore be based on something more than idle and
uninformed speculation. One 'experimentee' from whom this author recently
received correspondence refers to Ms McKinney's assessment as 'impeccable
military know-how'.
McKinney wryly (and accusingly) suggests in her missive to Metz and Kievit of
the SSI that the above ingredients might result in their desired 'revolution in
military affairs' if combined in the following manner:
'Instructions:
"I. Raise one or two generations of children under the auspices of
government-approved satanic cults, such as Col. (USA Ret.) Michael
Aquino's Temple of Set. Violent sexual, physical and psychological
abuse of these children over a period of 15 years will produce
generations of dissociative automatons who will comply with instructions
in obedient, unquestioning fashion. Their required adherence to cult
tenets precludes any consideration of laws governing US society,
generally. Cult programmed "graduates", among other things will be
expected to participate in contrived UFO abduction scenarios.
"2. Create a global UFO cult, which will involve the abduction of citizens
so as to foster an illusion that this earth is facing an extraterrestrial
invasion. UFO abductees-of-preference will have an expertise in
computer technologies, since that expertise will be required in future
technocratic RMA (Revolution in Military Affairs) scenarios. Use of
experimental drugs, holographic projection capabilities, directed-energy
technologies, induced auditory input, experimental aircraft, and special
effects costuming and stagecraft, among other things, will be used to
persuade abductees of the reality of their circumstances. Official denials
regarding these events will employ reverse psychology to ensure that all
such denials are taken as official confirmation of an imminent and/or
ongoing extraterrestrial invasion. UFO abductees will be persuaded to
worship their anticipated extraterrestrial 'conquerors' in cult-enforced
religious fashion. UFO cult networks will be controlled by US Intelligence
to limit infiltration and ensure that dissidents do not disrupt UFO cult
long-term agendas. Uncontrollable dissidents will be assassinated,
preferably by directed-energy means. Dissociative Satanic cult graduates
will handle all such executions: i.e., when not actively lending logistical
and theatrical support to UFO abduction operations.
"3. Directed-energy surveillance and weapons technologies of ALL types
will be used for purposes of spreading fear and confusion in the
population at large (under deniable circumstances), for eliminating
persons deemed 'adversarial to US national security interests; and for
spotting, assessing and manipulating potential recruits to RMA causes.
"4. Neurocybernetics and other psychotechnologies will be used to sow
confusion and hypochondria in the population at large. The symptoms
and effects produced by these and other directed-energy technologies
5 of1l
1/13/2009 1:05 PM

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 493, "chars": 3560, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Big Brother's Recipe for "Revolution in Military Affairs"
http://www.ivanfraser.com/articles/conspiracies/bigbrother.html
will parallel the effects produced by various microbes, viruses and
chemical imbalances, thus compelling a large segment of society to seek
medical intervention which, in turn, will be a basis for their being used for
medical experimentation under voluntary' circumstances. Psychiatrists
and psychologists will play an important role in these experiments,
particularly where denying the efficacy of
neurocybernetics/psychotechnologies is concerned. Citizens complaining
of 'hearing voices' will be used as a basis for (generousiy) govemment-
funded, schizophrenic-related brain research, since comprehension and
control of the human brain is critical to the sustained success of any
long-term RA. (Total control of the human mind may have to wait
another century or so.) Satanic cult graduates, drug dealers, gang
members recruited off the streets, and foreign nationals will be housed at
black-funded government expense (under comparatively luxurious
circumstances) and trained in the use of these directed-energy
technologies. (Technicians who may be obliged to drive targeted US
citizens insane or to their deaths do not need to be burdened by
considerations of morality, ethics or the US Constitution.)...
"5. Mix biotechnologies and experimental drugs generously throughout all
of these ingredients. The unsuspecting US citizen of today may be the
cyborg soldier of tomorrow.
"6. Multinational corporations under contract to the US Government play
a very important role in this recipe - particularly those engaged in the
development of directed energy surveillance and weapons technologies,
and those in the business of telecommunications. Corporations and their
subsidiaries will have the primary responsibility of experimenting on US
citizens with directed-energy technologies under appropriately-deniable
circumstances; and of maintaining all records concerning the results of
that experimentation. Corporations will also systematically install
surveillance and directed-energy targeting systems in government and
other office buildings, in public establishments, in educational institutions,
in apartment buildings, in neighbourhoods, on streets and highways, and
in prisons, jails and psychiatric institutions. The public's attention will NOT
be drawn to the antenna arrays and other ground-based devices and
wiring configurations being used for this purpose. The Global Positioning
System (GPS) will play an important part in these activities, with the
expense to be sustained by government-funded contractors. Centralised
control of these surveillance and targeting systems will be maintained in
appropriately deployed bunkers, at an expense to be assumed by black-
funded corporate contractors. Contractors may toy with these systems
on an occasional basis, such as by bringing down an airliner or two for
test purposes (such as, recently, near Pittsburgh); by inducing occasional
targets of surveillance to erupt into acts of violence involving mass
murder; and by assassinating occasional sports and public figures who
exceed agreed-upon standards of mediocrity. However, no concerted
large-scale effort is permitted until the ingredients of this recipe have
obtained a 'proper mix'.
"7. Investment portfolios and other financial inducements are critical to
the long-term success of this pending RMA. There is much money to be
had in the development of directed-energy systems and biotechnologies.
6 of11
1/13/2009 1:05 PM

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 3461, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Big Brother's Recipe for "Revolution in Military Affairs"
http://www.ivanfraser.com/articles/conspiracies/bigbrother.html
Lucrative investment portfolios have a way of keeping Members of
Congress, owners of the Major Media and other public officials silent.
(Satanic cult 'kiddies' trained porn stars serve an equally useful purpose,
as do demonstrations of the effectiveness of directed-energy
technologies on more obstreperous types; however, greed has long been
recognised the primary mover and shaker in matters covert and should
be exploited accordingly.) Financial inducements otherwise have a way
of buying the continued co-operation of all persons participating in or
directly knowledgeable of the ingredients in this recipe,
"8. Out-of-work East Bloc military personnel and their vehicles and other
equipment will be brought into this country under the guise of a "UN" logo
housed under comparatively luxurious circumstances at black-funded
corporate expense, for specialised urban/LIC (low intensity conflict)
training otherwise deniable DoD auspices. Use of a UN logo on
incoming vehicles and forms is to spread confusion and fear in the
populace at large, facilitating efforts by this government at eliminating
that institution as a potentially effective tool for peaceful change.
Imported East Bloc soldiers will be paid as mercenaries for employment
in this country only when a proper mix of this recipe's ingredients has
been obtained.
"9. Foreign national scientists, predominantly from the Far and Near East
and from Germany and Russia, will be brought into this country to
participate in such activities as brain and biophysics research as they
pertain to the further development of neurocybernetics and other
directed-energy technologies. Foreign nationals unlike most Americans,
are not burdened by early indoctrination concerning human rights
vis-a-vis lethal forms of involuntary human experimentation. Foreign
national scientists have also demonstrated greater capacity for
imaginative (and obedient) scientific research than exists indigenously in
this country. Their brains must be picked.
"10. A controlled and compliant media is critical to sustained deniability in
this evolutionary process. The media will ignore complaints from US
citizens regarding growing evidence of police-state actions in this
country, while concurrently landing the military's advanced technologies
as being the 'gentle' supplement to existing conventional weapons
systems. The media will also ensure that the public's attention is kept
diverted from more serious issues and, instead, that it is focused on
hyped-up 'sleaze' events such as The Kneecapping of Nancy Kerrigan,
O.J. Simpson's Problems With Satanic Cult Murders, The Bobbing of
Bobbitt, etc., etc. When pondering the national security implications of an
Amy Fischer, the public is not likely to notice the antenna arrays springing
up around this country like mushrooms, the inducing of 'sick' office
buildings and public establishments by directed-energy means on an
ever-widening basis, or other similar indicators of an evolving RMA.
"11. Decentralised goverment control a panacea currently being
sought by a befuddled American public to relieve their (contrived)
economic woes-is one means by which FCC oversight can be
permanently eliminated. FCC monitoring of communications frequencies
might ultimately result in an untimely disclosure that those frequencies are
7 of 11
1/13/2009 1:05 PM

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 556, "chars": 3739, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Big Brother's Recipe for 'Revolution in Military Affairs'
being used to facilitate implementation of a successful RMA and should
therefore be squelched. Decentralisation will be employed selectively and
with mud diverting Congressional fanfare, Law enforcement agencies will
be subjected to greater centralised control, as will those agencies and
institutions such as the FDA which are currently engaged in biomedical
research. With the help of a compliant media, the centralisation of these
latter types of agencies will elude public attention.
"12. Crime in this country will be induced. The sales of illegal drugs and
weapons reap profits which help fund the foregoing. This activity is the
preferred alternative to increased taxes, since tax increases tend to
alienate a public which already has doubt about where its money is going.
Drug dealers will be protected since they play an important role in this
recipe. Widespread addiction to illegal drugs and drug-sale profits will
serve to eliminate and neutralise a large (parasitic) segment of society
which might otherwise make undue demands for a 'piece of the American
Pie' (employment, education, etc.). Drug addiction fosters a certain
degree of crime; however, to ensure that the public comprehends the
need for martinet laws, expanded law enforcement capabilities and
greater numbers of prisons, crimes of a sensational nature will be
induced on a periodic basis which, with the help of the media, will lead to
the public's voluntarily agreeing to sacrifice its privacy for safety.
Neurocybernetics, psychotechnologies, biochemicals and directed-
energy weapons and surveillance systems will be used to induce acts of
violence, ranging from simple one-time mass murders (such as in post
offices and on subway systems) to long-term serial killings involving
cannibalism and other gruesome deeds. Rape and child molestation will
be facilitated by means of directed-energy (radar) targeting of
reproductive organs. The perpetrators of these crimes, by claiming to
hear 'voices' and to be the targets of radio-frequency harassment, will
serve two distinct purposes; viz., (1) they will enhance official deniability,
since the public is not yet prepared to believe their claims of mind-control
experimentation; and (2) they will hasten the public's abandoning of
privacy for the sake of safety. Prison inmates will be routinely targeted
for experimentation. Those sociopathic and psychopathic prisoners who
show the greatest potential for future social disruption will be the most
likely to be paroled or to be allowed to escape before we proceed with
Step 13, below.
"13. Mix the foregoing ingredients in calculated fashion until the order is
given (in or around the late 1990s) to commence with ' Total Chaos'. On
that day, the order will be given to activate ALL directed-energy systems
at maximum amplitudes, i.e., office buildings, private residences, on the
streets and highways, in psychiatric wards, in prison and jail systems, and
in public establishments. Satanic cult members, who, until now, have
been held in relative abeyance, will be given the order to concurrently run
rampant for purposes of raping and butchering US citizens a' la Ruwanda
[sic] while the latter are preoccupied with trying to comprehend their
extreme throes of pain, radio frequency burns and rupturing internal
organs. Satanic cult members will be aided in this process by escaped
prison inmates and psychiatric patients who, on the day in question, will
find that the doors in their detention facilities are no longer locked. Once
this (relatively low-level) Chaos has commenced, all previously regulated
http://www.ivanfraser.com/articles/conspiracies/bigbrother.html
8 of 11
1/13/2009 1:05 PM

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 495, "chars": 3314, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Big Brother's Recipe for Revolution in Military Affairs'
http://www.ivanfraser.com/articles/conspiracies/bigbrother.html
communications frequencies will be overridden by a single transmission
coming from an underground bunker; specifically, the voice of an
'extraterrestrial' announcing that this country has been invaded from outer
space. TVs and radios which are not operating at the time will be
activated by means of technologies recently adopted for 'national
emergency' purposes.?° Viewers of TVs will be addressed by a person
garbed in special-effects extraterrestrial costuming and make-up. The
average US citizen, being gullible in cases involving "War of the Worlds"
scenarios and having no knowledge of the effects produced by amplified
directed-energy systems, will firmly believe that an extraterrestrial
invasion is underway. UFO cultists, persuaded that their equivalent of
God had arrived will rush to their terminals and assigned directed-energy
emitters (on which the have been systematically trained), to assist the
'invaders' in this takeover (while saving their own necks). Imported East
Bloc mercenaries will also be set loose upon the terrorised public to
wreak their own unique brutal brand of Havoc.
"14. Now comes your RMA. The DoD will intervene to put an end to the
carnage merely hinted at under Step 12, above. It is here the Army will be
brought into the process. Being of the opinion that upholding and
defending the US Constitution the average US Army soldier will willingly
and obediently obey any order to intervene, particularly if the order is
given in the context of a posse comitatus. Simply put, the military will be
induced to take over this government in unsuspecting fashion, for
purposes of trying to restore order to circumstances which evolved over
the past 30 years under their very noses. Uncorrupted law enforcement
officers will take part in this activity just as enthusiastically as the military,
in the belief that their services are needed to restore law and order. US
citizens who are currently tagged as 'dissident' will be re-tagged 'terrorist"
for removal to the concentration camps which are rumoured [to] be under
construction in this country, guarded by government-contracted security
firms such as Wackenhutt [sic]. The average soldier having no basis for
disbelief, will readily participate in these roundups. Because the US
military has demonstrated a remarkable inability to handle concentration
camps on a long-term basis, particularly when disruptive elements are
housed in the detainee population (ex: Guantanamo and Florida),
executions of detainees will commence. From then on, ...it doesn't really
matter, does it? The revolution is underway.?1
Endgame
Outrageous, paranoid, totally far-fetched and unsubstantiated extremist
conspiracy theory - or is it? After all, how many Rwandans were massacred
today? How many more innocent civilians died in Chechnya? How many
drive-by shootings took place on the streets? How many people died in the
latest 'terrorist' bombing? How many 'death metal' records permanently burned
their nihilistic messages into teenage memories? How many children lost their
innocence to hate and fear?
The final paragraph of 'The Revolution in military Affairs and Conflict Short of
War' states:
9 of 11
1/13/2009 1:05 PM

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 397, "chars": 2970, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
E
Big Brother's Recipe for "Revolution in Military Affairs'
http://www.ivanfraser.com/articles/conspiracies/bigbrother.html
'Distilled to their essence, revolutions are acts of supreme
creativity. The US military is not inherently hostile to creativity, but
is cautious. If the nation - our political and intellectual leaders and
the public - decide that improving American capabilities in
conflicts short of war is necessary and desirable, the pre-eminent
task for the military is to continue to build and enlarge a culture of
creativity and strategic entrepreneurship among the officer corps.
To some extent this has begun. The changes leading to Airland
Battle, victory in the Gulf War, and the current RMA were
supremely creative. Still, these were only first steps. To make a
revolution in conflict short of war will be more difficult. But to allow
technology to develop without concomitant creativity would, in the
end, endanger the Nation's security! 22
Hopefully such calculated barbarism, such calculated evil, will never come to
pass, but should you detect any warning signs suggesting that it is, now you
may also know of what others to expect.
And if 'forewarned is forearmed', then, clearly, contributing to chaos and social
disintegration would only be to play precisely the role that you are being so
deviously lured into playing, leading you - all of us - into their technological
clutches. Don't fall into that trap.
Work together - don't tear each other apart.
Footnotes:
1. Steven Metz and James Kievit, The Revolution in Military Affairs and Conflict Short of War,
Strategic Studies Institute (SS), US Army War College, Carlisle Barracks, PA 17103-5050,
USA, US Government Printing Office, 1994-504-111/00089
2. Ibid., p. v.
3. Ibid., pp. v.-vi.
4. Ibid., p. vii.
5. Ibid., p. 7.
6. Ibid., p. 10.
7. Ibid., p. 11.
8. Ibid., p. 15
9. Ibid., p. 16.
10. Ibid., p.1.
11. Ibid., p. 16.
12. Ibid., p. 17.
13. Ibid., p. 31.
14. Ibid., p. 31.
15. Electronic Surveillance Project, Association of National Security Alumni, PO Box 13625,
Silver Spring, Maryland, 20911-3625, USA
16. 1992-93 figures provided in correspondence from the project director to the author. Current
figures reported in writing to the author by the director of the International Association for the
Convention Against Offensive Microwave Weapons, PO Box 58700, Philadelphia, PA
19102-8700, USA.
17. Julianne McKinney, 'Microwave Harassment & Mind Control Experimentation", Report
Supplement, November 1993 (with refs.), Electronic Surveillance Project, Association of
National Security Alumni, Silver Spring, Maryland, USA
18. Correspondence from Julianne McKinney, Director of the Electronic Surveillance Project,
Association of National Security Alumni to Steven Metz, Ph.D., ama LTC James Kievit, cc: Col.
John W Mountcastle, Director, Strategic Studies Institute, US Army War College, Carlisle
Barracks, PA 17013-5050, USA, dated 8 January 1995.
19. Ibid
10 of 11
1/13/2009 1:05 PM

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 114, "chars": 844, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Big Brother's Recipe for 'Revolution in Military Affairs'
..
http://www.ivanfraser.com/articles/conspiracies/bigbrother.html
20. See, for example, 'New Warning System Near, The New York Times, 14 December 1994,
21. Entire recipe for 'RMA' in correspondence from Julianne McKinney, Director of the
Electronic Surveillance Project, Association of National Security Alumni, to Steven Metz, Ph.D
and LCT James Kievit, op cit.
22. Metz and Kievit, op cit., p. 33.
Glenn Krawczyk: PO Box 1504, Burleigh Heads, Qid 4220, Australia.
Project Freedom is an organisation dedicated to expose the many aspects of covert mind
control. An excellent source of information.
Mind Control Forum is another excellent resource of information on mind-control.
home | about | magazines | articles | news | order form | links | site history
11 of 11
1/13/2009 1:05 PM
