{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-18T05:15:41Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 21, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 8706445, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117880-sound-pulses-recorded-ufo-investigation-bragg-creek-alberta-1979.pdf", "source_sha256": "66f95c221722656755e580b2277f717b4290d94479ed420e5aec797d7bb76166"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 3368, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
1979.

SiMNPrOsiui

ed aes) ee

JOOOOOOOOO0O000U TU

866086259886" MUcrarauardudndudndudraueraednere OOOO} FP SEssees eee
SS) _>__Y ~-~~--~~~~ ~~~ ~~~» >) un 9 9 5059 5D 5
, COCOOOOGF COOCOCOOQDOQCOOMOQMWHOOOOOWOOOWBOQDOODOODOODOHGOGODADAD
SS awd FALiTAITITiT ITI tI iti titiiltitiii titi titi My irre

= SS ae ee Se on ee sh ses pe es Se oo a ee ae DS | Ea eee me ee iw es oes we wa
_.~~~~~~ ~~ 2 22 2 EER OOO 0000000008
SEER ERIE ERE TREE
‘SSS Ss ne ase me es

OOOOOOOOO0OOOO)

LLIT LPI ti trip ii tii ti

| ESD Me es a i ia i ew on re eS in ew wm Sw ne ee
REESE SECCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC ES SSeeee === == ===
2. _—_________________ >_> > BPOOOOOOOOOOO0O
DOOOOOCOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"'#FIHS 5553535555555
Me Lt
nnn =n aaa aan mmum) LOCCCCCCCOCece

biti ititrr tit ecet | LTiritiriririririririritii tii it ui fy
mecaas, Venseesecesssssssceseseseee) Sen
| Sn6 ") C) a gS a ee TD aS SS a Vas am a a
OOOOOO@ALL LL ULE tari KOO OOOOOOD0O0OHD
UU.) ~~. .-.>~>_>_.__._> ~~... ~>D DDD 8. LLULLLtLtLin titi ti ci

2 = = Ee ae

ALLE Lititity S
eee)
DOOOOOOOOS

LEULttit thibitiy titi

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO0OOO
SSS

-WSSSCCCCCCCS YZ
DOODOODOOOOOOOOOOORe VPOPPPPPOCCE; |
LELELELEL UL IL IL tits tity bi LILti tt. Li ——— ee LLELUIL Lit lity tl atti a tht) CR

SS VeeD St Sen eee a MS Sy a Se I Dee eS leg Ree Se Be wy eee | oS A ED SAD SE ea) Sea eae Te SG te ee ee ee es, we

©00000808088" 18000600490 05,0,.0, 19090000000 0600CO00 0600000.

wavdvavevardvarardrdra didvavererarare WEVSVGVAYAVaVeVaVeVaUeraVaraverararavaravararararararara.. —
aS 2S) SSS AS Om See a Se ka cs ee eS a De me eS a a I ew Se ate Ea (rep aoe aS Se My Nae eS Dee es Fe Da eR RE Ew ne a
OOO0O0OOO seee OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO HOO OOOH OH HOCOXS

Lititittitiit tits ERERSRIR SRE S HPAI ERICEIRA CRITERIA aaa thet tipi

—— *_@S==e=e. 9 ee Ee on ke go ep So ee So aS eS eS ee Sw eS oe ES eS Sw eS ae ES ee ew a

“_, BSS 0 BO80609 8. 0900600600000 0000000600000000000060000

. CA ULLEL EP EEL LL EP LA LE ET LL LL Lt tT

SS Se  Boe ee A Oe DS SS MES IE Se eS a SS ES we ES Ee a A a a Me ee

"389.0600606060060606060060060060000000080

LP LL EE Lh

>) = == IN? => BW aa ker ae Se ee ee Hap SES ee SES Heep I eae VD mes i TD ES ae ED Les SS aw TD ae aD aw ID Dane De a Me
@6066“20' 8O800€E ~*8. 69S

OSC ~w. \” COCCOSSSO0S006880800600000000008
LLtitititl = _datuiuird: “dh. reéwdwdudren. TT LLLP iL iT iPil titi titi tititiititititititi ts
Da my Sr m __ me ~~... _.._ .__.____ >_> ~______________
OOO FDR OOOO ‘GESSSE ~. © _ATCCCSSCSOCOCCCCCOCOCC0COCC0
sie 1S EB SES iw SO 2. Sa...) .._._._-___-__.___.__-___.___-________________
SCOSSSSSOCSOS’ COSSO.. _cOSOSSSSOS” £09800 00080600880000000000008
reddy _ ’ dutudvdudvardvdwah “dudvdudedy _.aidey - wavdvardvdudedudrdrerdudidvdedudrdrdrdrd
ess. S> | el S2 Se ee as Bn Be Bo ae ew Be Di ws ise aw = See
SOSSCSSSSO.. COSOSOSE 1OO! SESOSO .. 'F” C8 SSOOOCOOOOOOOOOCCOSOCO

es
OOO eel OOS OOO OOOO Ras

weauduauendwe aauei@en.... ae

Tilt titi titi} dudududutyds ~ _«

—_) ». SS one te oe eo se LO ep Same a Re ES SS SS ES a SD ED OE wD Eee HEY Ee ER GSP dap wee, boo GaSe Rep Fes

SCOSSSOSOSS ‘O- ~ -c, 0660880860000 8080008 8000000000000 0080800060008
. wnntodedudududidedudedududids:

nD ES NA SAS: A SA LS I Se AD SG 1S Sa SS mt Fae AP Se ae Aaah ed AEB GS eS ae SS (Se ee ae ee TE HB SP A ES Mw RS SED ME ES Le ay SE tee Se las aes ee a

————

Dims S?FPaVO

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2497, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MUFON
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
INVESTIGATION AND ANALYSIS OF SOUND PULSES RECORDED
DURING A PERIOD OF UFO ACTIVITY
IN BRAGG CREEK, ALBERTA, CANADA
DENNIS R. REGAN AND WILLIAM K. ALLAN
I Introduction
There are a number of cases involving close
encounters with un-
identified flying objects (UFOs) where witnesses have reported hearing
sounds emanating from the UFO. Most often these sounds are described
as humming, buzzing, whistling and whirring sounds, but other sounds
such as whining, beeping, swishing and hissing have also been reported.
(References 1,2,3,4) A summary of the sounds associated with UFOs and
their approximate frequency of occurrence is displayed in Fig. 1, along
with the individual case numbers for 98 cases taken from Ref.
ning a period of time from 1947 to 1967. Because different witnesses
may use different descriptive terminology to describe the same sound,
the data in fig. 1 has been replotted in Fig. 2 by grouping the sounds
in terms of relative frequency.
Ihe graph displayed in fig. 2 suggests
that sound emanating from UFOs falls into two catagories:
low-frequency
sound (humming, buzzing and whirring) and high-frequency sound (beeping,
whistling, whining, hissing, etc).
Although the classification of
sounds that are used to obtain Fig. 2 are somewhat arbitrary, the exis-
tence of low and high-frequency sound groupings implys that perhaps
there are at least two different types of sound producing UFOs or two
different modes of UFO sound production.
The beeping sound classified in the high-frequency group in Fig.
2 deserves special attention because of its unique characteristics and
will be discussed in detail in this paper. A list of UFO cases involv-
ing reports of beeping sounds is displayed in Table I. From the witness
testimony it appears that there are two
types of beeping sounds:
beeping sound is musical or 'electronic' in nature while the other sound
is described as an intermittent buzzing. Another interesting feature of
cne beeping sounds that is sometimes reported concerns the irregular
rhythm of the sound pulses.
In the Betty and Barney Hill case (case
in Table I) the Hill's reported irregular beeping like beep, beep, --beep,
beep, beep. In the Norton case (case #5 in Table I) a series of beeps
would be heard followed by a pause approximately equal to twice the nor-
mal pulse spacing.
There are also several UFO cases where beeping sounds have been
heard on standard broadcast and short-wave receivers. One such case in-
179

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 469, "chars": 2949, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
auer
MUFON
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
volved Mr. E. Evanson of Taber, Alberta, Canada who pulled his car off
the road at night in late September in 1968 after noticing that his
engine temperature gauge was indicating a high temperature. After
stopping his car, the witness heard a series of loud beeping sounds
coming from his car radio, which had been previously turned on.
then noticed a glowing dome-shaped object parked along side of his car
on the drivers side.
The glowing object remained along side his car
for a short time then left, whereupon the beeping ceased.
The Norton case mentioned previously is particularly interesting
because the principal witness Mr. H. Norton of Bragg Creek, Alberta,
Canada tape recorded beeping sounds a few days after he and several
other witnesses observed a beeping UFO at close range. Another in-
triguing feature of the Norton case is that on the same night that
Norton made his tape recording (March 6, 1968) another tape recording
of beeping sounds was made by Miss F.J. Marshall at Midnapore, a small
rural town located about 16 miles east of Bragg Creek.! Copies of both
of these tape recordings were made in Canada in 1968 by one of the au-
thors (W.K.A.) and an acoustic analysis of the tape recorded beeping
sounds was made by D.R.R. in Los Angeles, California in 1975. The re-
sults of the investigation of both the Norton and Marshall cases and
the results of the acoustic analysis of both tape recordings is the
subject of this paper.
in 1975 and because of the long time interval between
interviews some
confusion arose regarding the exact times and dates of certain events.
Therefore, we have tried to reconstruct the sequence of events that oc-
curred at
Bragg Creek and Midnapore as best we can, relying as much as
possible on the 1968 interviews.
New information that came to light
during the 1975 interviews was carefully examined and included if it
fit the pattern of events established by the 1968 investigation.
CALGAR
3376,116
HARP SLD
II The Bragg Creek Incident
On February 29, 1968 at approximately 9pm in the evening Mr. H.
Norton and his wife
heard a series of loud beeping sounds outside their
cabin in Bragg Creek, a small rural town about 21 miles southwest of
Calgary in Alberta Canada. The intensity of the beeping sounds was
1
such that they were heard over the background sound produced by a radio.
Mr. Norton was disturbed by the beeping sounds and after listening to
the beeps for about five minutes stepped outside with his rifle and
fired a single shot into the ground,
whereupon the beeping sounds im-
mediately ceased.
Mr. Norton then stepped back into his cabin.
About
45 minutes later
the beeping sounds started once more.
Mr. Norton
maintains that the beeping sounds had a directional quality and were
coming from the back of the cabin towards the north fence (see Fig. 3).
The next episode involving beeping sounds occurred in the early
403-
180
MAKSHAL C
AGAV

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 566, "chars": 3301, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MUFON
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
evening on March 3, 1968 at Norton's Bragg Creek cabin. The beeping
sounds started up once more and Norton, becoming quite concerned, placed
a telephone call to a friends cabin to find out if the beeping sounds
were being heard there.
approximately 1/8 of a mile away, no beeping sounds were heard.
The coven the epin
Although the cabin Norton was calling to was
The
apparent absence of beeping sounds at the other cabin could be
part to the fact that a party was in progress at that time and that the
at they at that time and that.
due in
sound source was highly directional. Mr. Norton asked if some of the
people attending the party could come over to his cabin and help him
look for the source of the beeping and several people agreed to come
over to Norton's cabin as soon as possible.
At about 9pm that same
evening, Mrs. B.A. and Mr. H.V. along with
three or four teenagers arrived at Norton's cabin.
Mr. Norton took his
rifle and a pair of field glasses and proceeded with the rest of the
party down the hill towards the reserve fence where the source of the
beeping sounds seemed to be. Mr. Norton's wife decided not to follow
the party down to the fence and remained in the cabin.
Before leaving
for the reserve fence, Mr. Norton turned his porch flood lights on to
illuminate the area around the cabin.
UFO
As the party walked toward the reserve fence an object was sighted
hovering above a grove of trees on the west side of the fence.
All mem-
bers of the party are sure that the beeping sounds were coming from the
object since the relative bearing of the object and beeping sounds co-
incided.
Mrs. B.A.
stated that the trees in the vicinity of the hover-
ing object moved wildly about as if there was a strong wind blowing
them, although it was a calm night.
Nr. Norton did not recall if the
trees were blowing about wildly because he was more interested in watch-
ing the strange object than watching the trees. As the party approached
the grove of trees,
the intensity of the beeping sounds increased sup-
porting their claim that the beeping sounds originated from the object.
and
There is some disagreement among the witnesses concerning the size
shape of the object.
Mr. Norton described the object as dome
shaped with a flat bottom, while Mrs. B.A. described the object as cres-
ent shaped. Both Mr. Norton and Mrs. B.A. observed a glow or 'fire'
around the object. Mr. Norton estimated
• the object to be about six
feet in diameter, while Mrs. B.A. and her son stated that the object
was about the size of a car.
Mrs. B.A.
also reported that there was a
white light underneath the object that looked like a 'star'.
Mr. Norton
not recall if such a light was present.
The party arrived at the reserve
fence and watched the strange
hovering object for some minutes while listening to the beeping sounds.
At one point Mrs. B.A. and her son noticed that when they stepped out
of the shadows the beeping sound seemed to speed up (increased repeti-
tion rate).
_Mr. Norton,
however, did not recall any increase in the
beeping repetition rate.
Alter a lew minutes, Mr. Norton took his
rifle
and fired a shot into the ground.
• beeping sound immediately
Me-attin+
ceased and the object took off toward the south, down the Turner Valley,
inter-actia
181

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 534, "chars": 3138, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MUFON
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
toward the town of High River.
As the object headed south, a bright
beam of white light shot out of the bottom of the object.
The witnesses
described the beam
as 'pencil like' or like a flashlight beam.
Because
Anemals
of the many trees in the area, the witnesses could not tell whether the
light beam illuminated the ground. Mr. Norton also reported that as
weather
, the object departed the area, horses located in a corral about a half
mile west of his cabin, began to whinny as if they were disturbed by the
unidentitied flying object.
During the 1975 interview with Mr. H. Norton it became apparent
that there were several discrepancies
concerning the exact sequence of
events that took place on March 3, 1968.
For example in the 1968 in-
terview Mr. Norton states that he fired his rifle into the ground prior
to the departure of the UFO.
This latter event is corroborated by Mrs.
B.A. in both her 1968 and 1975 interviews.
However, Mr. Norton states
in the 1975 interview that he did not fire his gun and that the UFO
took off from the ground within a small grove of trees no farther than
fifty feet in front of him immediately after the beeping sound ceased.
Mr. Norton further states that the UFO was a dome shaped object approx-
imately six feet in diameter that had a spinning ring of orange fire a-
round its middle.
Mr. Norton distinctly recalls hearing a whirring
sound made by the UFO
as it took off from within the grove of trees
that sounded like a large airplane propeller.
The next day Mr. Norton
went to the very same grove of trees to look for burn marks that he
felt should be present
because of the ring of orange fire that sur-
rounded the object as it took off from the ground.
No burn marks or
any indication of scortching was found.
However, Norton did find a
circular depression about l5 yards in diameter where something mashed
the grass down at the same location where the object took off the pre-
vious night.
Both of the authors feel that Mr. Norton had two encounters with
The first encounter was probably on March 3, 1968 with Mrs.
B.A. and the other witnesses.
Norton's second encounter with the UFO
most likely occurred after March 3, perhaps on March 4, 1968. It is
quite likely that Norton was alone at the time of the second encounter.
The date Mr. Norton found the circular depression was most likely March
5, 1968.
In the evening of March 5, 1968 the beeping sounds were once again
heard by Mr. Norton and his wife.
This time the beeping sounds were
louder than ever before; so loud that he believed that the UFO could
be as close as 50 feet from his cabin.
Because of his experience on
HAH. March 3, Mr. Norton decided not to go outside his cabin to investigate
sound.
and, as a result, no UFO sighting was made.
It was at this time Mr. Norton decided to tape record the beeping
sounds in order to convince his friends that the beeping was real.
March 6, 1968 Mr. Norton rented a tape recorder from a shop in Calgary
and, after receiving a minimal amount of instruction from the dealer,
brought the recorder to his Bragg Creek cabin. Mr. Norton set the tape
182

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 515, "chars": 3098, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MUFON)
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
recorder up in his bedroom (north side of the cabin) placing the micro-
phone on a table near the bedroom window. Mr. Norton could not recall
the make and model number of the tape recorder he rented nor could he
locate the rental receipt. However, Mr. Norton did recall that the
tape recorder was a reel to reel machine that was powered from the 115
volt a.c. line.
Late that night on March 6, 1968, Mr. Norton was awakened by the
beeping sounds.
Although Mr. Norton is not completely sure about the
time, he believes that the beeping started around 11-12pm.
After get-
ting out of bed, Mr. Norton turned
the tape recorder on and proceeded
to record the beeping sounds.
Mr. Norton experienced some difficulty
with the operation of the tape recorder, sometimes forgetting to turn
on the microphone switch. However, in spite of these difficulties Mr.
Norton did manage to make at least one recording of the beeping sounds this
that was subsequently re-recorded and analyzed.
It is interesting to
note in passing that after Maron 1963 the beeping inde ste neter is the
heard again at Norton's Bragg Creek cabin. (UNUSUAL)
fase
usual observation made by Mr. Norton and his wife that may provide im-
portant information concerning the nature of possible electromagnetic
radiation coming from the UFO.
During one of the nights after March
3, 1968 (probably March 4 or 5) Mr. and Mrs. Norton left some food on
a plate on the kitchen table consisting of meat, potatoes and canned
peas. In addition, some peas were left in a pot partially filled with
water on the stove.
In the morning, the Nortons found that the peas
left on the plate had shrunk to the
size of match heads or smaller.
The shrunken peas were hard and brittle and when Mr. Norton cracked
some of them apart he found the inside of the peas to be discolored
with hollow centers.
No changes were noticed in the appearance of the
meat, potatoes or the peas left in the pot on the stove.
Since the peas left on the plate were dehydrated and the meat and
potatoes were not, it is tempting to speculate that because of their
size and shape the peas were able to efficiently absorb electromagnetic
radiation that may have been produced by the UFO when it passed near
the kitchen window of Norton's cabin.
It may be possible
that the pea
formed a crude spherical electromagnetic resonator or, which is prob-
ably more likely, the curved surface of the moist pea focused the elec-
tromagnetic radiation into the pea's center thereby causing the exces-
sive amount of dehydration that hollowed out the pea.
Both of these
latter effects would require that the wavelength of the electromagnetic
radiation be of the same order of the pea's diameter or smaller.
order of the e
Since
the diameter of canned pease ranges from 5-8 millimeters, the lowest
requency one might expect selective dehydration of peas
to occur is
3.75X1010Hz = 37.5GHz.
It would be interesting to conduct a laboratory
experiment to see whether certain frequencies exist that enable peas to
increase their absorbtion of electromagnetic energy.
183

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 456, "chars": 2922, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MUFON
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
III The Midnapore Recording
Another tape recording of beeping sounds was made on the same
night that Mr. Norton made his tape recording in Bragg Creek. This
second tape recording was made by Miss F.J. Marshall at her parents
farm in Midnapore, a small town located about eight miles south-south-
west of Calgary and about sixteen miles east-northeast of Bragg Creek.
The Marshall recording was made at 8:47pm on March 6, 1968 using a
Sanyo cassette tape recorder. During the time Miss Marshall was tape
recording the beeping sounds, she felt that the sound source was mov-
ing from the northwest, toward the Sarcee camp area,
to the northeast.
It is important to note that the beeping sounds were heard by the Mar-
shall family prior to March 6, 1968.
The dates and times the beeping
sounds were heard were recorded by Mrs. Marshall on a calendar kept in
at 2200; June 3, 1967 at 2215; June
th 22001 che 3, 1967 at 2015, Ju 4, 367 t 222 and June 2, 1967,
no time given.
At no time was a UFO sighted during the time the beep-
ing sounds were heard in either 1967 or 1968.
On the night that Miss Marshall tape recorded the beeping (March
6, 1968) her parents called the police to report the strange sounds.
Two police officers arrived at the Marshall residence after the beep-
ing sounds had ceased.
Miss Marshall replayed the cassette tape re-
cording of the beeping for the police officers but they could offer
no explanation regarding the origin of the sounds.
The Marshalls
called several neighbors who verified that they too had heard the beep-
ing sounds earlier that evening.
The Marshalls never again heard the
beeping sounds after March 6, 1968 and, as ol the 1915 interview, are
still puzzled about their origin.
IV Sound Analysis
An analysis of both the Norton and Marshall tape recordings was
made by one of the authors (D.R.R.) in Los Angeles, California in late
19/5 from second generation tape copies provided by W.K.A. Both a
Roberts reel to reel recorder and a Sony IC-800 reel to reel recorder
were used to make the tape transcriptions.
The Norton tape was re-
played on the Roberts tape recorder and re-recorded on the Sony IC-800.
The Marshall tape was replayed on Miss Marshall's Sanyo cassette re-
corder and re-recorded on the Sony TC-800. The
second generation
copies were made by replaying the
• first generation copies on the
Roberts recorder and re-recording them on the Sony TC-800.
A brief
excerpt of the Marshall tape recording may be heard on a
commercially
available record UFO Eyewitness Accounts. (Reference 5)
A diagram of the experimental setup used to analyze the tape re-
cordings is displayed in Fig. 4.
A Hewlett-Packard 3690 instrumenta-
tion tape recorder was used to replay the second generation tape re-
cordings.
Unwanted noise was rejected using a Kronhite 335 active
filter network. All frequency spectrum analysis was made using a Saicor
184

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 408, "chars": 2669, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
MUFOR
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
42 correlator (autocorrelation mode) in conjunction with a Saicor 470
Signal level histories were made using a
Bruel & Kjaer 2504 graphic level recorder and the filter networks found
in a Bruel & Kjaer 2112 octave and third octave band analyzer.
Sound
pulse shapes were determined using a Tektronix 545 oscilloscope.
Per-
manent recordings of the sound pulses were made using a Sanborn 151 sig-
nal recorder.
Use of the latter recorder required a 16:1 tape speed
reduction in
order that the recorded sounds fall within
response of the signal recorder.
•
the frequency
The frequency of the recorded sound pulses was analyzed first using
the Saicor 42 correlator and Saicor 470 Fourier transform analyzer.
of the advantages of this latter measuring equipment is that the sample
time may be adjusted such that the frequency of individual pulses may
be determined and stored for averaging purposes if desired.
From
• these
frequency measurements it was found that the average frequency of the
first ten sound pulses of the Norton and Marshall recordings is 1108 +
8 Hz and 1059 ‡ 11 Hz respectively. These latter two mean frequencies
differ by about 4%:
The frequency spectrum of the beeping sounds recorded by Miss Mar-
shall at Midnapore was determined using the Saicor 470 Fourier transform
analyzer and is displayed in Fig. 5.
The frequency spectrum of the Mid-
napore recording is nearly identical with the Bragg Creek recording with
the exception of a coherent signal at 61.5.Hz corresponding to the 60 Hz
power line frequency.
The close agreement between these latter two fre-
quencies indicates that the accumulated errors in tape speed due to tape
copying are quite small and that the sound pulse frequencies on the Nor-
ton tape are accurate to within 25%. Although the frequency spectrum
shown in Fig. 5 extends out to only 2.5 KHz, additional frequency spec-
trum measurements out to 20 KHz have not revealed any significant fre-
quency components in both the Bragg Creek and Midnapore tape recordings.
Therefore,
the sound pulses recorded by Mr. Norton and Miss Marshall
are, for all practical purposes, coherent.
With the sound pulse frequency of the beeping sounds known, it was
The
These signal level recordings are displayed in Fig. 6. Because oi the
Length of these recordings (over 60 pulses in the
Norton tape and over
200 pulses in the Marshall tape) only a portion of the entire record is
displayed.
From the signal level recordings shown in Fig. 6, it is apparent
that the Norton tape is of poorer quality than the Marshall tape as ev-
idenced by the lower signal to noise ratio found in the Norton recording.
185

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 508, "chars": 3239, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MUFON
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
This latter finding is in accord with statements made by Mr. Norton
concerning certain difficulties he experienced with the rented tape
recorder, such as trouble with the microphone gain control. The sound
pulses are represented in Fig. 6 as sharp spikes and can be seen to
vary in amplitude from
pulse to pulse. Although some of the sound
pulse amplitude variations are due to changes in the microphone gain,
most appear to be due to sound scattering from atmospheric turbulence.
Some of the pulses that appear to be 'missing' in both the Norton and
Marshall tape recording could be attributed to this latter effect.
There are
two characteristics of the Bragg Creek and Midnapore
sound pulses displayed in Fig. 6 that deserve attention.
sound pulse repetition frequency was four on the average to be 1.70
Hz and 1.63 Hz for the Norton and Marshall tape recordings respective-
ly; a difference of about 4%.
There are also apparent differences in
the shape of the sound pulses that are best studied using the Sanborn
151 signal recorder.
cording is displayed in more detail in Fig. 7 and shows that the
tial pulses in the Bragg Creek recording are double pulses rather than
single pulses found in the Midnapore recording.
ex-
amination of the entire pulse train records shows that there is a mix-
ture of single and double pulses in both recordings.
source was transmitting double pulses, one would expect to see double
pulses throughout the entire record.
along with single pulses, it is likely that the pulses originating at
the sound source are single pulses whose shape is being modified by
some phenomena associated with sound propagation, such as scattering by
atmospheric turbulence and destructive interference caused by multipath
sound transmission.
In order to test this latter hypothesis, a simple sound transmis-
sion experiment was conducted using 1 KHz and 4 KHz source of sound
radiating into the atmosphere from a loudspeaker. A battery operated
portable cassette tape recorder was used to record separately the 1 KHZ
and 4 KHz tones at distances ranging from 1 foot to approximately 350
Ieet.
The sound recordings were then replayed and analyzed using the
B&K 2504 graphic level recorder.
The results of the sound transmission
experiment are displayed in Fig. 8 and show that severe and rapid at-
tenuation of a 1 KHz sound
wave can occur over distances as little as
70 feet.
In two instances sharp drops in the sound intensity in excess
of 40 dB were measured for 1 KHz sound waves propagating over a distance
of approximately 150 feet.
An increase in the sound wave frequency
from 1 KHz to 4 KHz was in general found to increase the frequency and
magnitude of the fluctuations in sound wave intensity. Although this
experiment was conducted at mid
morning with an air temperature of 25°C
with a slight breeze blowing,
though perhaps less
severe, would also occur at night.
Thus it is probable that the double
sound
pulses observed in both the
Norton and Marshall recordings are
associated with atmospheric sound propagation phenomena and that the
sound pulses emanating from the sound source are single pulses.
there are instances in the Norton tape recording where the 'hearing' is
186

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 416, "chars": 2649, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MUFOR
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
good enough so that single rectangular sound pulses are observed.
Sound pulses for both the Bragg Creek and Midnapore recordings for
periods of good 'hearing' are displayed in Fig. 9.
During periods of good 'hearing' it was possible to measure the
width of the sound pulses.
Measurements of the sound pulse width were
sometimes difficult to make because of the presence of what are be-
lieved to be echoes arriving at the tape recorder's microphone at the
tail end of the primary sound pulse.
However,
there were occasions
when the echoes from various surrounding objects were far enough re-
moved in time so that fairly accurate pulse width measurements could
be made.
The width of the sound pulses recorded at Brage Creek were
found to be 0.129 sec, while those sound pulses recorded at Midnapore
have a pulse width of 0.134 sec; a difference of about 4%.
There are two anomalies found in the Norton and Marshall tape re-
cordings that deserve mention. These anomalies involve the observation
of a triple pulse in the Norton recording and a pair of frequency mod-
ulated pulses found in the Marshall tape.
after sound pulse 55 in the Norton tape and consists of pulses 54, 55
and 56.
'The interesting feature of the triple pulse combination is
that the middle pulse, pulse 55, has significantly lower sound pulse
frequency (1043 Hz) compared to its neighbors (1093 Ilz for pulse 54
and 1100 Hz for pulse 56). The triple sound pulse is displayed in
Fig. 10. A similar pulse sequence was not found in the Marshall re-
cording.
The two frequency modulated sound pulses in the Marshall record-
ing occur at pulses 164 and 165.
These latter two pulses are double
pulses and were observed to change trequency in a manner that might
best be described as a hesitant chirp or slur.
The frequency of
the
first part of pulse 164 and 165 is 1085 Hz and 1074 Hz respectively
while the second part of these same pulses is at a frequency of 1004
Hz and 1016 Hz.
The frequency modulated sound pulses are displayed in
frequency.
V Things That Go Beep in the Night
An important part of any scientific investigation is a conscien-
tious search for an alternate hypothesis to explain a particular phe-
nomenon or
a given sequence of events.
With regards to the present
investigation, a concerted effort was
made to find terrestrial sources
of sound with characteristics similar to those allegedly made by the
UFO at Bragg Creek.
These sound sources included man made devices,
insects and birds.
A number of man made devices that produce beeping sounds was
found
and studied.
These devices included motorcycle turning indicators,
187

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 482, "chars": 2998, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Tr Chat
MUFOR
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
back-up warning devices for trucks and atmospheric sounding instrumen-
tation.
None of these latter devices were found to match the acoustic
characteristics of the Bragg Creek and Midnapore recordings.
ample, beeping sounds made by motorcycle turning indicators were not
the Braggy mock
For ex-
pure in tone and contained many harmonics, unlike the pure beeping
tones recorded by Mr. Norton and Miss Marshall. Some back-up warning
devices on trucks were found to produce a pure
1000 Hz, but the width of the sound pulse (0.493 sec) and the pulse
repetition rate of 1.02 Hz did not match the Bragg Creek and Midnapore
Some atmospheric sounding devices were also found to
How that devises Cano socount for End Beeping gorded by tr Norton
and Miss Marshall.
Several commercially available sound effects re-
cords were also checked for sounds similar to those heard at Bragg
Creek and Midnapore.
One record, Science Fiction Sound Effects record-
ed by Folkways Records (EX 6250), included two brief recordings of
beeping sounds: one entitled 'beeper' on track 12 and another entitled
'beeper: fast & high pitch' on track 13.
None of these beeping sounds
recorded on the Folkways recording matched the beeping sounds heard by
Mr. Norton and Miss Marshall.
It is possible that some insects could conceivably produce beeping
type sounds by frictionally induced vibration of their wings and legs.
However, at the present time we know of no insect that produces a pure
tone at
a frequency in
• the vicinity of 1000 Hz with the proper pulse
width and pulse repetition frequency that could account for the beeping
sounds recorded at Bragg Creek and Midnapore.
A study of the calls made by diurnal and nocturnal birds of North
America yielded a surprisingly large number of birds that produce a
series of pure tones or beeping sounds.
The results of this study are
presented in Table II, where these birds are listed along with their
calling frequency, pulse width and pulse repetition frequency. Only
two birds were found that produce beeping sounds having a sound pulse
frequency of 1000 Hz: the Saw-whet Owl and the Pygmy Owl.
the Saw-whet Owl (Aegolius acadicus), also known as the Acadiar
Owi has been found throughout Canada
and
the United States.
(Reference
However, most often the Saw-whet Owl is found in the central
and
In the winter time, these owls will generally move fron
canada and the northern U.s. to the central and southern regions of
the U.S.,
although some Saw-whets have been known to remain throughout
the winter in regions as far north as Lake Huron. (Reference 7)
The Saw-whet Owl is nocturnal and is seldom seen in the daytime.
Most often these owls will nest in a hole or cavity that is from ten
to thirty feet above the ground
that was originally made by a wood-
pecker (Reference 7). Occasionally, Saw-whets have been found roost-
ing in thick evergreens and thickets.
The voice of the Saw-whet Owl is known to consist of a least four
188

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 433, "chars": 2667, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MUFON
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
different calls.
One call has been described as the sound made by the
stroke of a file when sharpening a saw; hence the name Saw-whet Owl.
half minute or less for some time.
The Saw-whet also produces a series
of whistles or beeps that have been known to continue for a consider-
able period of time.
The beeping sounds made by the Saw-whet were found to have a sound
pulse frequency of approximately 1000 Hz, a sound pulse width between
0.1 sec and 0.2 sec,
and a pulse repetition frequency between 1.7 HZ
and 2.5 Hz.
It should be pointed out that while these latter figures
were derived from a recording of the voice of only one saw-whet Owl py
they are representative of the species.
The beeping sound produced
the Saw-whet was also found to contain a noticeable raspiness and was
somewhat irregular in rhythm.
The Pygmy Owl (Glaucidium gnoma) inhabits the coniferous and de-
ciduous forests of North America from an area south of Alaska to lower
California (Reference 6).
These owls may be found throughout the Rocky
Mountains and the Sierra Nevada range and usually nest in deserted
holes in trees made by woodpeckers.
The Pygmy Owl is mainly nocturnal
and partly diurnal, although there are reports of this owl being active
before dusk and soon after dawn (Reference 7).
Pygmy Owls have been found to produce several different calls.
One call made by the Pygmy is a single whistle that ends with a slight
bit of raspiness, while another call is a long somewhat raspy trill.
The most common call of the Pygmy Owl is a long series of whistles or
beeps similar to those of the Saw-whet Owl.
The sound pulse frequency
of the Pygmy Owl is approximately 1000 Hz and the pulse width and pulse
repetition frequency were found to vary from 0.1 sec to 0.25 sec and
from 1.7 Hz to 2.5 Hz respectively. (Reference 6) Additional studies
one is approximate to vary terence
of Pygmy Owl beeping also revealed
• a tendency for the beeps to come in
this owl turns his head the listener may think that the owl has changed
location (Reference 7).
Since the basic characteristics of the beeping sounds made by Saw-
whet and Pygmy Owls are similar to the sounds recorded at Bragg Creek
and Midnapore, it was decided to obtain the opinion of an ornithologist
regarding the
possibility that owls were responsible for the beeping.
Inerefore, Dr. Luis Baptista of the Moore Laboratory of Zoology at
ccidental College in Los Angeles was contacted in 1976 and arrangements
were made to provide Dr. Baptista with a cassette recording of the
Bragg Creek and Midnapore recordings.
able about owls in general and Pygmy Owls in particular, having spent a
189

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 415, "chars": 2541, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MUFOR
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
considerable amount of time studying their behavior in the field.
was decided not to tell Dr.
Baptista about the alleged source of
beeping sounds or the location where the recordings were made until
after he offered his opinion.
After listening to the tape of the Bragg Creek and Midnapore
beeping sounds, Dr. Baptista became very curious about the origin of
the recordings
hip ta telephons cali
stated that while the becpine Sourded iike a Pygny owl he had never
in a telephone call with one of the authors (D.R.R.),
heard one beep so regularly.
It was the regularity of the Bragg Creek
and Midnapore beeping sounds that puzzled Dr. Baptista and prevented
him from catagorically stating that a Pygmy Owl was the source of the
beeping.
Since the Pygmy Owl is generally not found east of the Rocky Moun-
tain range, the Saw-whet Owl
should be considered as another source of
ed against the Saw-whet, namely the irregularity of its beeping compar-
ed to the beeping recorded at Bragg Creek and Midnapore. In addition,
it has been mentioned previously that during the months of March, April
and May the Saw-whet Owl does not generally make beeping type sounds,
making instead a sound like the stroke of a file sharpening a saw.
VI Conclusions
occurring sources of beeping sounds. Although this study has been by
no means exhaustive, we do possess enough information to consider. in
an objective manner,
the possibility that the beeping sounds tape re-
corded by Mr. Norton at Bragg Creek and Miss Marshall at Midnapore are
from the same
source and were produced by the unidentitled Ilying oo
ject observed March 3, 1968 at Bragg Creek by Mr. Norton and others.
We will first consider the likelihood that the beeping sounds re-
corded at Bragg Creek and Midnapore were one and the same.
The results
of the acoustic analysis show that the sound pulse frequency, pulse
width and pulse repetition frequency of the beeping sounds recorded at
Bragg Creek and Midnapore as determined from measurements made from sec-
ond generation tape copies are respectively 1108 Hz and 1059 Hz, 0.129
sec and 0.134 sec, and 1.70 Hz and I.63 Hz. The difference between the
sound pulse frequency, pulse width and pulse repetition frequency of
these two recordings is about 4% and could be explained as being due to
differences in the operation speed
of the tape recorders used to trans-
cribe the original tape recordings.
However, it is known from the de-
tection of a 61.5 Hz signal on the
Bragg Creek recording that in spite
190

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 524, "chars": 3255, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
' MUFON
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
of the double transcription the second generation tape copy is most
likely to be running only 2.5% fast (taking 60 Hz as the reference
line frequency). Unfortunately, a similar signal referenced to the 60
Hz line frequency could not be found on the Midnapore recording, since
the original recording was made using a battery operated cassette tape
recorder.
Thus, it is not known with absolute certainty that the re-
maining difference of 1.5% could be accounted for by
variations in the
tape speed associated with the tape copying process. However, a diff-
erence of 1.5% is within the speed tolerance of most small battery op-
erated cassette tape recorders and can also be accounted for by addi-
tional errors associated with transcribing tape recordings and in the
frequency measurements themselves.
Therefore, we conclude that it is
highly probable that the beeping sounds recorded by Mr. Norton at Bragg
Creek and Miss Marshall at Midnapore on the night of March 6, 1968 were
either from the same source of sound, or from the same type of sound
source.
In addition, we conclude that the sound purse frequency, purse
width and pulse repetition frequency of the beeping sounds,
as determin-
ed by correcting the Bragg Creek recording by the ratio of
61.5/60, is
1081 Hz, 0.132 sec and 1.66 Hz respectively. From the results of a
sound transmission experiment using a 1000 Iz tone, we also conclude
that the double sound pulses observed in both the Bragg Creek and Mid-
napore recordings are most likely caused by scattering due to atmospheric
turbulence and distructive interference caused by multipath sound trans-
mission.
Therefore, we believe the beeping sounds to be composed of
single rectangular sound pulses.
We now consider the possibility that the beeping sounds recorded
Bragg Creek and Midnapore were associated with the UFO observed by
Mr. Norton and others at Bragg Creek prior to March 6, 1968. In a pre-
vious section, we found that two birds,
the Saw-whet and Pygmy Owl, al-
so make sounds similar to those recorded by Mr. Norton and Miss Marshall.
these owls are known to inhabit this particular region of Cana-
da, it is important to consider all arguments for and against the Saw-
whet and Pygmy Owl being responsible for the beeping sounds recorded at
Bragg Creek and Midnapore.
The evidence that lends support to the theory that the beeping
sounds were caused by either the Pygmy Owl or the Saw-whet Owl Is that
the pulse frequency, pulse width and pulse repetition frequency of the
recorded sound pulses match those of these particular owls.
Also, one
of the Bragg Creek witnesses reported that the repetition
frequency of
the beeping sounds increased when moving from the shadows into the
light from Norton's porch light; a characteristic of Pygmy Owls when
they become excited.
Evidence that does not support either the Pygmy Owl or the Saw-
whet Owl as being responsible for the beeping sounds recorded at Bragg
Creek and Midnapore is found in the regularity of the beeping, the ab-
sence of chirps of asending frequency at the beginning of the
pulse and the lack of raspiness oi the beeping sounds that is found to
be characteristic of both Pygmy and Saw-whet Owls. The strange triple
191

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 509, "chars": 3070, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
: not.
MUFON
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
sound pulse heard in the
Bragg Creek recording and the pair of double
sound pulses having a chirp of decending frequency heard in the Midna-
pore recording are unlike any of the sound pulses
heard in recordings
of both the Pygmy and Saw-whet Owl studied thusfar.
It is also known
that in the month of March the Saw-whet Owl does not generally make
beeping sounds, making instead a sound like a file sharpening a saw.
Thus, the chances of the Saw-whet Owl being responsible for the beep-
ing sounds heard at Bragg Creek and Midnapore on March 6, 1968 are re-
duced considerably.
We must also consider the fact that the beeping
sounds were recorded independently on the
night at different
times at two locations about 16 miles apart and that the recorded
sounds are nearly identical in nature.
If owls were involved, it is
unlikely that the same owl would be responsible for the beeping sounds
recorded at both locations owing to the distance between Bragg Creek
and Midnapore.
other evidence that lends support to the hypothesis that the UFO
was the source of the beeping sounds is based on testimony by the
Bragg Creek witnesses that the beeping sounds were heard coming from
the same location as the UFO.
It is, of course, possible that the pres-
ence of the UFO caused a resident Pygmy or Saw-whet Owl to become ex-
cited and make beeping sounds.
However, one would think that Mr. Norton,
a long time resident of Bragg Creek, would have heard beeping sounds
made by Pygmy or Saw-whet Owls before and after the period of UFO activ-
ity in Bragg Creek.
1967 and 1968 there was a considerable amount of UFO activity in the
area south of Calgary and that other reports were made of beeping
sounds coming from a UFO, such as the Evanson case discussed in the in-
troduction of this paper.
Therefore, we believe on the evidence at
hand that,
while the Pygmy and Saw-whet Owl cannot. be catagorically
ruled out, there is a good chance that the beeping sounds recorded by
Mr. Norton at Bragg Creek on March 6, 1968 were associated with the UFO
sighted earlier on March 3, 1968 by Norton and the other witnesses.
conclusion concerning the source of the sounds recorded at Midnapore
on March 6, 1968 is more difficult, since we have no reports of a UFO
being seen in the area.
About all
idence is that the sound pulses recorded at Bragg Creek and Midnapore
are nearly identical in nature and, therefore, it is highly probable
that the sources of the Midnapore and Bragg Creek beeping sounds are
one and the same.
VII Recommendations for Future Research
During the course of this investigation it became apparent that a
significant number of birds inhabiting North America make sounds that
would be classified by most people as a beeping sound.
It is highly
recommended that UFO investigators become familiar with the beeping.
sounds made by birds indigenous to the region of interest through the
many recordings of bird calls that are commercially available.
With
regards to the present investigation, more studies are needed of the
192

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 116, "chars": 739, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MUFON
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
beeping sounds made by the Pygmy and Saw-whet Owl. In particular, we
need to know if it is indeed possible for these latter owls to produce
an extremely long series of sound pulses with a high degree of regulari-
ty without chirps or raspiness.
Acknowledgment
Thanks are due to Mr. Stanton Friedman, Mr. S. Arnon and Dr. L.
Baptista for providing the authors with important information necessary
for this research effort.
Thanks are also due to Mr. J.S. Barker for
his help with the sound transmission experiments. Finally, we wish to
thank Mr. H. Norton, Miss F.J.
Marshall and Mrs.
B.A. for their co-opera-
tion during the interviews, for without their help this work could not
have been completed.
193

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 461, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
0 0 9 0
NUMBER OF CASES
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
MUFONT
862
786
476
641
470
685
899
748
595
568
447
597
474
472
104
62
SWISHING
JET ROAR
BEEPING
WHINING
WHIRRING
WHISTLING
BUZZING
HUMMING
746
SHRIEKING
109
802
61
HISSING
723
491
448
64,7
HIGH PITCH
Fig. 1
Sounds produced by UFOs as reported
by witnesses during the period 1947-
1967.
Numbers in bar graph refer to
cases in Ref. 2
796
464
433
423
392
281
295
837
823
779
721
653
476
106
130
351
195
SIZZLING

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 33, "chars": 279, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
NUMBER OF CASES

MUFON Symposium Proceedings

Throbbing

Jet Roar

Humming & Buzzing
Whirring

Metallic Noise
Beeping

G Whistling & Whining
H Swishing & Hissing

MA) vo aw bF&

A BCODEF@G@d4H

Increasing Frequency ——»

Fig. 2 Relative frequency distribution of
UFO sounds

196

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 125, "chars": 1007, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GRAPHIC
PAPERS SIMILIAR
NCLUDED
ANALYSIS
WAS
AROUND
DATE
Sept. 19, 1961
May 18, 1964
Aug. 20, 1965
Dec. 3, 1967
reb. 29, 1968
Sept. 30, 1968
LOCATION
WITNESS
Indian Yead, N.H. Mr. & Mrs Hill
Hubbard, Ore!
Mr. Mo Bizon
Cherry Creek, N.Y. 4 Students
Ashland, (Neb.
Mr. Schirmer
Bragg Creek, Alb.
Canada
Taber, Alberta
Canada
Mr. E. Evanson
Now. 6, 1975
Apache-Sitgreaves Mr. I. Walton &
No Forest, Ariz.
six other wit.
See also J.G. Fuller's "Incident at Exeter",
Berkley Books, N.Y., 1966. /
SHAPE OF OBJECT
Large Disc
Oblong 3m X lậm
Disc 15 m dia.
Disc
Disc
Disc
Disc
SOUND
Irregular Beeping
REFERENCE
Magonia # 524*
Beeping
Magonia # 606
Bizz-Bizz etc
Magonia # 684*
Shrill Beeping
Magonia # 902
Beeping & Whirring Investigation by
on departure
W.K. Allan
Beeping on radio
Investigation by
w.K. Allan
Beeping like a
buzzer
APRO Bull., 24,5
Nov. 1975
* See also J.G. Fuller's "The in-
terupted Journey",
Berkley
Books, N.Y.,1966.
Note the pequency
es states
have
TABLE I UFO cases involving beeping sounds

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 157, "chars": 1084, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MUFON)
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
WILLIAM K. ALLAN
William K. Allan was
born in Morris, Manitoba
and holds a B.A. in
Honors Mathematics and
Physics from McMaster
and a M.A. in the Teach-
ing of Physics from Wash-
ington State and received
a Shell Oil Merit Fellow-
ship to Stanford. He
contributed to the Tesla
transformer article in
"Physics Demonstration
Experiments" edited by
H.F. Meiners sponsored
by the American Associa-
tion of Physics Teachers
and articles on physics.
demonstrations, electron-
ic organ construction and
playing have been pub-
lished.
Mr. Allan is a
Life member
and
past sec-
tion chairman of the I.
E.E.E., a member of the
American Physical Soci-
ety, the A.A. A.S. and
R.A.S.C. (Royal Astro-
nomical
Society of Can-
ada).
Moving to B.C.
on retirement, he is
amateur radio operator
VETDNF (Doing Nothing
Fulltime) but remains
an active field investi-
gator for A.P.R.O. and
supplies eyewitness ac-
counts for UFO publica-
tions such as Dr. Hynek's "The UFO Experience"
Mr.
Allan may be con-
tacted at
3899 Truswell Road, Kelowna, B.C. VIŸ 1X8, Canada.
178

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 137, "chars": 907, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MUFON
MUFON Symposium Proceedings
DENNIS R. REGAN
Dr. Dennis R. Regan was born
in San Jose, California in 1942.
He received a B.S. degree in
electrical engineering from the
University of California at Berke-
ley in 1966 and the M.S. and Ph.D.
degrees in engineering from the
University of California at Los
Angeles in 1971 and 1976 respec-
tively. He has published several
papers, mostly in the field of
aeroacoustics and is a member of
the Acoustical Society of America.
Dr. Regan is currently employed by
the Hughes Aircraft Comapny in
Culver City, California where he
is engaged in experimental research in fluid dynamics and laser beam
propagation. His activities outside of work include skiing and flying
and he is amateur radio operator K6ZJU. Dr. Regan has been a consultant
for MUFON in aeroacoustics for the past several years. He resides at
2231÷ S. Beverly Glen Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90064.
177
