{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-12T11:54:00Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 6249509, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117889-new-world-order-elf-psychotronic-tyranny-cb-baker-1994.pdf", "source_sha256": "0630b840fa55dc100ca2a3c931ce77a2a4a8b741c685f9b7d98191f3e9d4f871"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 879, "chars": 6329, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- YOUTH ACTION Neros
A RESEARCH REPORT SPECIALLY PREPARED FOR YOUTH ACTION SUPPORTERS
Address
Copyright C. B. Baker, 1994
Reproductons of any kind are
forbidden without written permission.
Issued
DECEMBER, 1994
NEW WORLD ORDER E.L.F. PSYCHOTRONIC TYRANNY
by
C. B. BAKER
1992 speech to the United Nations, President George Bush announced that foreign troops,
vould occupy America and train for a New World Order Army.
"Nations should develop and train military units for possible U.N. peacekeeping operations.
multinational units are to work together, trey must train together. ... Effective multinational action will also
require coordinated command & control and interoperability of both equipment and communications."
•..WE MUST CHANGE OUR NATIONAL INSTITUTIONS if we are to change our international relations.
... THE UNITED
STATES IS PREPARING TO MAKE AVAILABLE OUR 5:SES AND FACILITIES FOR MULTINATIONAL TRAINING AND FIELD EXERCISES. One
such base, with facilities is Fort Dix, N.i."
President Bill Clinton has continued an= expanded George Bush's surrender-America policy.
As a result,
increasing numbers of foreign troops, inclusing Russian Spetsnaz, along with vast amounts of foreign military
equipment are now entering the United States to serve as a U.N. occupation force.
On May 3, 1994, President Clinton signe: an Executive Order Presidential Decision Directive (originally
numbered PPD-13,
later changed to PPD-25) at places U.S. troops under U.N. command and abolished the law
limiting the number of U.S. troops that car be committed to the U.N. without approval of Congress.
PPD-25 also
created special funding for U.N. peacekeepig and occupation forces, that permits an unlimited drain upon the U.S.
American taxpayers will be force: to pay any amount demanded by the U.N. occupation forces.
The Judas attitude of the Administratic- is symbolized in an article written by Bill Clinton's very close
titled: "The Birth of the Global Nation." Talbott strongly
friend, Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Ta gott, "NATIONHOOD AS WE KNOW IT WILL BE ORSOFTE• ALL STATES WILL
attacked American national sovereignty,
RECOGNIZE A SINGLE, GLOBAL" (666) "AUTHORI?:
" (7/20/92 TIME MAGAZINE).
Acting under U.N. occupation orders, U.S. military and national guard forces are now being trained to attack
civilians in this country.
In Alaska, contingents of Russian military occupation forces are reported to have
already landed. State and Federal forces, tave begun house-to-house surveys, looking for gun collectors and
checking attitudes for possible patriotic resistance.
A number of citizens have already been illegally detained.
The 10/14/94 WASHINGTON TIMES reported :at U.S. Marines in California had to fill out a "Combat Arms Survey"
that asked 39 questions about attitude to catermine if American Marines were willing to serve the New World Order.
traitors and fight against their own fellon :itizens.
Marines were asked to give their attitutes on the treason statement: "I am a United Natfons fighting person.
I serve in the forces which maintain world peace and every nation's way of life.
I am prepared to give my life in
their service."
The last item on the surve: asked the Marines' attitude about the statement: "I WOULD FIRE UPON
U.S. CITIZENS, WHO REFUSE OR RESIST CONFISC ION OF FIREARMS BANNED BY THE U.S. GOVERNMENT."
ELECTROMAGNETIC TOTALITARIAN CONTROL OVER AMERICA
As more Russian and United Nations occusation troops enter the United States, the White House is expecting
strong resistance from loyal Americans.
To guietly suppress these patriotic fighters, President Clinton is getting
help from the old Soviet KGB.
Moscow is non supplying Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno with a whole new
class of weapons, that will be specifically targeted against American civilians.
The controlled U.S. media has labeled trese as so-called "NON-LETHAL WEAPONS." A close inspection of the
facts about these new anti-civilian devices, reveals that they are SOVIET PSYCHOTRONIC WEAPONS, which are very
dangerous and they can also be extremely lethal.
The 3/1/93 issue of TIME MAGAZINE reported:
"Americans and Russians are discovering common interests.. MIND CONTROL TECHNOLOGY.
Former KGB General George
Kotov has told American visitors about Russian (KGB) research into acoustic psycho-correction.'
The process
involves transmitting commands into the subconscious of targeted victims through static or white-noise bands."
The Jan. 11-17, 1993 issue of DEFENSE NEWS reported that U.S. political and military officials are obtaining
Soviet mind-control technology.
The Soviet KGB "capability, demonstrated in a series of laboratory experiments
dating back to the mid-1970's, could be used to suppress riots, control dissidents, demoralize or disable opposing
forces and enhance the performance of friendly special operations teams, sources say."
"Pioneered by the government-funded Department of Psycho-Correction at the Moscow Medical Academy, acoustic
psycho-correction involves the transmission of specific commands via static or white noise bands into
subconscious without upsetting other intellectual functions.
Experts said laboratory demonstrations have shown
encouraging results after exposure of less than one minute.
Moreover, decades of KGB research and investment of
untold millions of rubles
in the process has produced the ability to alter behavior on willing and UNWILLING
subjects, the experts add."
One of the KGB's psychotronic systems was being
sold for as little as $80,000. A scientific analysis published
by an affiliate of the Department of Psycho-Correction at Moscow Medical Academy stated:
"...It has become
possible to probe and correct psychic contents of human beings despite their will and consciousness, by
instrumental means. ...
Results having been achieved...can be used with
inhumane purposes of manipulating psyche."
To raise hard currency, and promote the U'.N. New World Order, the Russians have planned a Bilateral Center For
Psycho-Technologies where U.S. and Russian authorities can cooperate.
Janet Morris of the Global Strategy Council, a Washington
"think-tank" tied to the CIA and Federal Government,
"is a key U.S. liaison between Russian and U.S. officials."
Morris is a long-time close associate of Col. John B.
Alexander. a leading U.S. expert on psychotranics.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1026, "chars": 7465, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The 4/94 SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN reported that Janet E. Morris and her husband Christopher C. Morris "have been
that is intended to
involved in promoting a psycho-correction' technology, develoved by a Russian scientist' the Morrises organized a
influence by means of subliminal messages embedded in sound or visual images.
meeting in which the technology was
demonstrated for U.S.
scientists and officials by its Russian inventor."
DEFENSE NEWS reported that on Dec. 15, 1992, Janet Morris stated that she and the Richmond, Virginia-based
International Healthline Corporation
"have briefed senior U.S. intelligence and Army officials
about the Russian
capabilities, which Morris said could include hand-held devices for purposes of special operations, crowd control
anti-personnel actions.
Morris reported that this particular weapon creates "bone-conducting sound waves that cannot be offset by
protective gear.
These devices appear to work at the Very Low Frequency (VLF) spectrum, the same frequency range
as generated by
the sinister U.S. GWEN (Ground Wave Emergency Network) system of transmitters.
The 7/93 issue of DEFENSE ELECTRONICS discussed the FBI's use of Soviet KGB psychotronic devices against the
Branch Dividians at Waco, Texas.
There is strong evidence that such weapons were used.
After the Feds launched
their mass-murdering, flame-throwing attack, some members of David Koresh's church attempted to flee the burning
building, but soon as they got outside, they suddenly turned around and ran back into the fire--which demonstrated
an extreme mental disorientation of the type created by psychotronic mind control weapons. The few victimsewho
survived the fire were visibly confused and unable to talk coherently or move.
Prior to the massacre, the Feds targeted the church building with a night and day acoustical barrage (that
included the sounds of dying animals and Tow frequency sound devices).
The Feds also utilized a super-srobe light
show (pulsed at ELF frequencies).
DEFENSE ELECTRONICS reported
that a Richmond, Virginia firm, Psychotechnologies (believed to be closely tied to
the CIA and the FBI) has purchased the American rights to the Soviet mind-control devices.
DEFENSE ELECTRONICS described a spring, 1993 meeting between Clinton Administration officials and Soviet
psychotronics experts, including Dr.
Amongst the U.S. agencies represented at the meetings with
Smirnov were the FBl, the CIA, the Defense Intelligence Agency, and the Advance Research Projects Research Agency.
(ARPA). Clinton Administration officials wanted "to determine whether psycho-correction...programs could be
undertaken by the U.s.
" Government•
These devices could be used to "affect judgement or opinion of decision-
key personnel OR POPULACES."
Clinton Defense officials expressed interest that the KGB psychotronic devices could be used "in non-violently'
clearing areas of potential enemies, snipers, etc.',
"(meaning U.S. gun collectors and patriotic militias).
Also meeting with the Soviet psychotronic experts, were officials from the giant Trilateral-allied
international corporations, such as General Motors and researchers from the National Institute of Mental Health.
The 8/22/94 NEWSWEEK MAGAZINE reported on a secret Arlington,
Virginia meeting between experts from the FBI's
Counter-Terrorism Center and Dr. Smirnov, whose work was described in the publication: *...Using
electroencephalographs, Smirnov measures brain waves, then uses computers to create a map of the subconscious and
various human impulses,
such as anger or the sex drive.
Then through taped subliminal messages, he claims to
physically alter the landscape with the power of suggestion."
THE NON-LETHAL WEAPONS COVER STORY
To cleverly disguise the Federal Government's use of KGB psychotronic devices, a whole series of cover-stories
about so-called "non-lethal" have been planted in the American press.
Such items as nets,
Toams, sticky material to snag an attacker, mace-like compounds that immobilize a targeted
subject, devices that mimic flashbulbs in order to blind a criminal, bean-bag guns and high-tech sticky goo--shot
from a special device to immobilize fleeing criminals: all seem harmless enough and are being publicized in order
to generate public support and funding for the hidden globalist non-lethal weapons agenda.
This collection of simple, anti-criminal items conceals the dangerous psychotronic weapons which U.S. officials
are now acquiring.
The very name
"non-lethal" is a gross deception.
In fact, many Clinton Administration Justice
Department officials (in private conversations) do not use the description, "non-lethal," but instead, prefer
describe them as
"SOFT-KILL WEAPONS."
The 8/2/94 WALL STREET JOURNAL reported: "Military researchers define nonlethality a tad more broadly than a
municipal attorney. Last November, for example, (while attending
the secret conference on non-lethal weapons,
Lawrence Livermore physicist Edward Teller (father of the hydrogen bomb) argued that tiny NUCLEAR weapons should be
considered part of the nation's non-lethal arsenal."
The 3/23/94 WASHINGTON POST reported:
"The Pentagon and the Justice Department have agreed to share state-of-
the-art military technology with civilian law enforcement agencies, including exotic 'non-lethal' weapons."
"The plan aims to capitalize on a growing confluence of interest between the two departments: With the un. Mori: Army
Pentagon increasingly preoccupied by unconventional, post-Cold-War" (U.N., World, Army.)
"missions, such-as
B) research to America's urban battlefields mean opportunity to apply the fruits of Pentagon" (and Soviet
armidator panini
The newspaper reported that in 1993, Clinton's allies in Congress directed the Defense and Justice
lepartments to share new military technology and identify areas for collaboration on specific projects.
The long-standing tradition of strict separation of the U.S. military from police functions is now being.
bandoned--as demonstrated by the military equipment used during the Waco Massacre.
In addition to the psycho-correction devices obtained from the Soviet KGB, the U.S. Government and Justice
epartment have obtained a series of other high tech weapons, including electromagnetic pulse devices ("which
timulate a lightning strike) -- a high powered generator to
destroy electronic circuits; electromagnetic devices
hat can disable an automobile or truck engine; and holographic projections to deceive an attacker.
The WALL STREET JOURNAL reported that the use of a government high-power electromagnetic device against a
ingle fleeing automobile "might stop every car in one or two blocks and also stop every heart pacemaker as well.
ich a device would also cook the driver of the vehicle.
"The technology, could be a bit hard on the driver, Tand
her drivers in the vicinity) says Donna J. Marts, an engineering specialist at idaho National Engineering
"You know, like that poor little potato you put in a microwave oven'."
The newspaper described another new "non-lethal" psychotronic weapon now being designed for government anti-
vilian usage: A "magnetophosphene" gun that would induce a visual effect akin to what happens when a person
ceives a blow to the head and sees stars."
The 4/94 SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN reported:
"Federal researchers are now investigating a broad array of non-lethal
rices including... low-frequency 'infrasound', generators powerful enouah to trigger nausea or diarrhea,...

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 992, "chars": 7159, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
éfectronics-disrupting pulses of electromagnetic raillatfon...and bological agents that can chew up crops."
To help promote the U.N. global dictatorship,
anytet KGB scientists have recently been working at various U.S.
advanced weapons facilities, such as Lawrence Liver nore and Los Alamos Laboratories.
In November, 1993, a three
day. top-secret non-lethal weapons conference took place in the Applied Physics Laboratory at Johns Hopkins
University in Maryland.
The meeting was attended lly Attorney General Janet Reno, numerous scientists, military
weapons experts, intelligence officials from state and local police departments.
The main purposes of the meeting
was to prepare leading law enforcement officials for the use of psychotronic mind-control weapons.
The official program of the conference stated:
"Non-lethal defense has emerged as a potent new means of
applying force. ... Non-lethal defense is an apprufih that explores options for
attacking targets...including
non-traditional foes" (code words for gun collecturk, the unorganized militia, and so-called church "cults").
Amongst the subjects covered at the conference were "Radio-Frequency Weapons, High Power Microwave Technology,
Acoustic Technology" (used to transmit subliminal voices into a victim's head), Voice Synthesis, and APPLICATION OF
EXTREME LOW FREQUENCY ELECTROMAGNETIC FIELDS TO NON-LETHAL WEAPONS."
Col. John B. Alexander,
Program Manager for
Non-Lethal (psychotronic) Defense, Los Alamos Natienal Laboratory, served as conference chairman.
PSYCHOTRONICS CZAR OF THE NEW WORLD ORDER
Alexander first became known to the public through his December, 1980 MILITARY REVIEW article titled, "THE NEW
MENTAL BATTLEFIELD."
That article clearly descrile the LETHAL nature of many of the so-called "non-lethal"
weapons that are now being targeted against Ameritan civilians.
Alexander stated:
"Psychotronics may be described as the interaction of mind and matter. •..
The possibility for employment as
weaponry has been explored.
To be more specific,
are weapons systems that operate on the power of the mind
and whose LETHAL CAPACITY HAS ALREADY BEEN DEMONSTHATED."
Describing Soviet development of psychotronic weapons,
Alexander stated:
"The ability to
... cause deatll can be transmitted over distance, thus inducing
for no apparent reason."
These "weapons would be able to induce illness or death at little or no risk to the
operator.
The psychotronic weapon would be silent (and) difficult to detect..."
He then discussed the Soviet
use of extremely Tow frequency (ELF) electromagnetic weapons against humans in the U.S. Embassy in Moscow.
Col. Alexander's knowledge of psychotronic weapons was demonstrated in a 1990 book he co-authored with Janet
Morris, and Major Richard Groller, titled: THE WARRIOR'S EDGE.
That book described the mind-zapping effects,
inside the United States, that have been created by the Soviet Tesla Magnifying ELF Woodpecker transmitters.
Alexander demonstrated his close personal ties to the White House by describing his long association with Al Gore,
Jr., who is now Vice President of the United Stated "revolutionary technologies" that are in fact, now being
Alexander made a revealing
comment about secret
utilized by both the U.S. and Russian governmentsi
"Areas of GREAT POTENTIAL include superconductivity, genetic
engineering, macroscopic WEATHER ENGINEERING and Psychotronics.
Describing the horror created by Soviet psychotront weapons: "designed to psychically influence others,"
Alexander stated:
Nikolai Kokolov, an ex-KGB ageil, reported a case in which the spinal column of a human subject
was fractured psychotronically from a distance."
Alexander also described the effects of "
'entraining' the
brainwaves of two or more individuals."
He stated:
"The brain-wave oscillations of electronic potentials may act
as a harmonic oscillator."
Extensive details about Alexander appeared in the Oct.-Nov., 1993 NEXUS MAGAZINE article: "Psychic Warfare 8
Non-Lethal Weapons."
Nexus reported that Alexander has worked closely with Dr. C.B. Scott Jones, who has served.
as head of the ROCKEFELLER FOUNDATION.
NEXUS reported that Col. Alexander is currently involved in over twenty separate projects at the Los Alamos
Laboratories.
Alexander's associate, Janet Morris.
"confirmed John Alexander's involvement in mind control and
psychotronic projects" at the Laboratory.
Describing some of her written articles, NEXUS reported: "Morris seeks to establish a doctrine
for the use of non-lethal weapons by the U.S. in crisis 'at home" " (meaning use against American civilians) " or
abroad.'
... She totally disgregards the offensive, Lethal aspects inherent in some of
the weapons in question."
Morris suggests areas where these non-lethal weapons can be used "adventurism, insurgency, ethnic violence,
terrorism and domestic crime."
According to Janet Reno and other Clinton Admindstration officials, many of the above categories are designed
to include Christians, patriots, pro-gun groups, right to life groups, so-called "cults,: and many other citizens.
Morris described so-called
directed against American citizens in the GWEN syglem, in various ELF transmitters inside the U.S.A., and in secret
collaboration with the Russians in electromagnetic weather-engineering.
NEXUS reported on the U.S. development of "High Power Microwave (HPM) Projectiles." The U.S. Government has
already obtained "a portable microwave weapon."
Several U.S. high tech laboratories, with the help of Soviet scentistsfeare working on very Tow frequency * r
(VLF) weapons.
NEXUS reported that thesa U.S. high tech Tabs, Including Col. Alexander's Los Alamos Laboratory, are working on
"developing high power, VERY LOW FREQUENCY acoustic beam weapons. They are also looking into methods of projecting
high frequency acoustic bullets."
"Very Low Frequency (VLF) sound (20-35 kHz), or low-frequency radio-frequency modulation can cause nausea.
vomiting, and abdominal pains.
Some Very Low Frequency sound generators, in certain frequency ranges, CAN CAUSE
DISRUPTION OF HUMAN ORGANS, and at high power levels can crumble masonry."
Such a system could also be used to
create artificial earthquakes.
PSYCHOTRONIC UFO ABDUCTIONS
The Federal Government has acquired enough high tech psychotronic devices to zap the minds of targeted victims
and if necessary even create the appearance of UF abductions as an experimental method to conceal a program of
injecting tiny computer tracking-chips into targeted subjects.
Many of non-lethal weapons projects, in which Col.
Alexander is involved, have the technical capability to create the effects of artificial UFO abductions, via
holography and electromagnetic mind control techniques.
NEXUS reported that Alexander is a member of the secret U.S. Government "Aviary" Group (made up of CIA and
defense officials), which has
been involved in repeated efforts to plant phony UFO stories, for the purpose of
discrediting all serious private citizen UFO research.
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN reported that in 1993, Col. John
Alexander "organized a meeting on the 'Treatment and Research of Experienced Anomalous Trauma' at which attendees

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 993, "chars": 7179, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dişcussed alien abductions, " many of which are now being deliberatedly staged by the government as a propaganda
tool to promote the New World Order.
The disruption of private UFO research got under way after a January, 1953 meeting of the Robertson Panel that
was sponsored by the Central Intelligence Agency.
TRAITORS DISARM U.S.A. & CONVERT TO NON-LETHAL WEAPONS FOR SERVICE IN U.N. WORLD ARMY
While the Clinton Administration is slashing American national defense to a pre-Pearl Harbor level, the
remaining Pentagon budget is being directed
towards weapons that will be used by American military forces serving
in the U.N. world government army.
The 2/7/94 NEWSWEEK stated:
"what if U.S. or U.N.
Forces--and what if the FBI--had an arsenal of tricky, new-tech weapons that could rout a
mob, find and subdue a hidden gunman?
What if American Globocops could keep the peace or fight future wars without
killing or injuring civilians?
The possibility of a new generation of non-lethal weapons is now attracting serious
attention at the Pentagon and, at the Department of Justice as well."
NEWSWEEK described how these psychotronic non-lethal weapons will be used: "The United States needs new
options to control rogue governments and insurrectionaries without
resorting to total war.
New-wave military
thinkers say that the list of exotic technologies that could be harnessed for non-lethal technologies is already
large and growing.
It includes lasers, MICROWAVES, SOUND WAVES, STROBE LIGHTS (already
entrainment during the Waco siege), ELECTROMAGNETIC PULSES and Micrabes (GERM WARFARE) used for psychotronic
The 9/19-23/94 DEFENSE NEWS reported ™U.S. Defense Secretary WiT1 am Perry is expected to launch a new bolicy
that directs the Pentagon to purchase and use non-lethal systems as an option to lethal force."
The official Pentagon directive (Draft 7/21/94) states:
operations such as peacekeeping, humanitarian missions and other operations short of war.
Non-lethat weapons are especially suited to
... Non-lethal weapons
that show significant promișe of DUAL-USE BY U.S. LAW ENFORCEMENT" (AGAINST AMERICAN CIVILIANS) "as well as by the
military services, will receive higher priority than those that do not."
Demonstrating plans for new Waco-style massacres against U.S. churches, gun-collectors and patriots fighting
against the U.N. occupation, the Pentagon directive stated:
"The term 'adversary' is used in its broadest sense,
including those who are NOT declared enemies, but who are engaged in ACTIVITIES WE WISH TO STOP.
not preclude.. DOMESTIC USE OF NON-LETHAL WEAPONS BY U.S. MILITARY FORCES IN SUPPORT OF LAN ENFORCEMENT."
the National Institute of Justice [NIJI--(an office of Jane: Reno's Justice Department), issued
"NIJ Initiative On Less-Than-Lethal Weapons."
The Department is now encouraging local and state
electromagnetic and mind control weapons against their
local citizenry.
police organizations to utilize Soviet-KGB psychotroniC "domestic disturbances" meaning that mind-control devices
Targets for these KGB weapons include
are even to be utilized against family argumerts.
The report stated:
"Short-term research will be completed to adopt military technologies to use by domestic
Law enforcement... including LASER, MICROWAVE, AND ELECTROMAGNETIC" WEAPONS.
The Justice Department is preparing
to use these non-lethal psychotronic weapons for "search warrent raids."
A 1994 Congressional report says that the new HAARP ELF transmitter in Alaska "could allow earth-penetrating
tomography over most of the northern hemisphere." Such a capability would permit the detection and precise.
location of tunnels and underground shelters,
as well as underground storage sites for guns and ammunition.
By utilizing this tomography with high speed computers, the Clinton Administration will be able to rapidly
locate and target private collections of buried firearms marked for U.N. occupation
force confiscation.
In 1989, FULL DISCLOSURE MAGAZINE published the article,
"REMOTE MIND CONTROL TECHNOLOGY."
The magazine
reported that Los Alamos National Laboratory "prepared a report for Federal Emergency Management Ageny (FEMA)
setting forth that use of microwave radiation on 'terrorists' could kill them, stun them, or at least modify their
behavior by changing their perceptions."
C.F.R. - TRILATERAL INSIDERS PREDICTED USE OF PSYCHOTRONIC WEAPONS AGAINST AMERICA
Powerful CFR and Trilateral insiders have long krown how electromagnetic weapons can be effective utilized
wage political warfare against America's population.
President Lyndon Johnson's Science Adviser, ur. Gordon 9.F.
MacDonald wrote the globalist-promoting 1968 book, UNLESS PEACE COMES, A SCIENTIFIC FORECAST OF NEW WEAPONS.
MacDonald described how MAN-MADE CHANGES IN THE ELECTRICAL EARTH-IONOSPHERE CAN BE USED FOR MASS BEHAVIOR
He said that low frequency electromagnetic oscillations can attack the low frequency electromagnetic
brain waves in human beings. He stated,
"Perturbation of the environment (by geophysical warfare) can produce
changes in behavioral patterns."
Zbigniew Brzezinski,
the founding director of David Rockefeller's Trilateral Conmission, also served as
President Jimmy Carter's National Security Director, where he founded the infamous FEMA (Federal Emergency!
Management Agency) that is designed to implement world government dictatorial rules over the U.S.A.
in hiş 1970 book, BETWEEN TWO AGES, Brzezinski described "weather control" as a "new weapon"**•»*
that, is alakey.....
"Technology will make available, to leaders of major inations, a variety of techniques for conducting sécret.! + i
warfare, of which only a bare minimum of the security forces need to be appraised,
" (which explains why the U.S.
public and the press was denied access to the recent Los Alamos conference
on non-lethal psychotronic weapons).
Brzezinski predicted the exact types of electromagnetic psychotronic weapons that the Clinton Administration is now
obtaining for mass behavior control of U.S. citizens.
"It may be possible--and temoting--to exploit, for strategic-political purposes, the fruits of research on the
brain and on human behavior....
Accurately timed, artificially excited electronic strokes" (such as those created
by the Soviet ELF Woodpecker, the U.S. GWEN tower VLF network and U.S. HAARP-style ELF transmitters) "could_lead to
a pattern of oscillations that produce relatively high power levels over certain regions of the earth....
way, one could develop a system that would
SERIOUSLY IMPAIR THE BRAIN PERFORMANCE OF A VERY LARGE POPULATION IN
SELECTED REGIONS: OVER AN EXTENDED PERIOD."
ELECTROMAGNETIC TELEPATHIC INFLUENCE
The terrible effects of the KGB psychotronic devices, now being supplied to the Clinton Regime, were publicized
in the 1970's.
A 1975 issue
of the Soviet publication INTERNATIONAL LIFE, discussing electronic mind control
developments, stated that atmospheric electricity can be used "to suppress the mental activity" of large groups of
people.
The Soviet journal said that a sonic generator, tuned to an infrasound (below the hearing level)
frequency, could CREATE "FEELINGS OF DEPRESSION. FEAR. PANIC. TERROR, AND DESPAIR:"

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1082, "chars": 7483, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 5
- In=3977, the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) declassified a report describing how vdit advances in
Soviet psychotronic technology can create THE ULTIMATE BIG BROTHER SOCIETY, BY USING ELECTRONI LID CONTROL
• AGAINST POPULATIONS TO IMPLANT IDEAS AND THOUGHTS INTO THE HEADS OF UNSUSPECTING VICTIMS:
Sounds and possibly even words, which appear to be originating intracranially (within one'? gun head, can be
induced by signal modification at very low average power densities" (VLF & ELF)
The DIA report also said that the Soviets discovered that secret microwave radiation can be lised to induce in
unsuspecting victims: "headache, fatigue, perspiring, dizziness, menstrual disorders, irritabilly, agitation,
tension, drowsiness, sleeplessness, depression, anxiety, forgetfulness, and lack of concentrat/Hi•
BRAIN ENTRAINMENT WARFARE
The results of many years of U.S. psychotronic research, originally designed for the defense of the United
States. are now being directed to the service of the United Nations and against many of the vet/ American taxpayers
who helped pay for that research.
Ron McRae's 1984 book, MIND WARS, described research in the 1970's at the Stanford Researcl Institute on the
subject of ELF and mind control.
Because the human brain generates electrical signals in the jame ELF
frequencies, scientists speculate that transmitting strong signals in these frequencies might literfere with the
latural brain activity of persons in the target area, producing effects ranging from HYPERTENSİO TO SUODEN DEATH.
Initial results coming out of laboratories in the United States and Candfa (show) tha
certain amplitude and frequency combinations of external electromagnetic radiation in the brall wave frequency
range are capable of bypassing the external sensory mechanism of organisms, including humans, All OTROLY
STIMULATING HIGHER-LEVEL NEURONAL STRUCTURES IN THE BRAIN.
This electronic stimulation is known to produce mental
changes at a distance, including hallucinations in various sensory modalities, particularly auditory."
"Because the power levels are so low, the brain could mistake the outside signal for its okll mimic it a
process known as BIOELECTIC ENTRAINMENT), and respond when it changes."
early sones research by Professor Leonid L. Vasiliev, head of the Department of Physiology at thastier andy
of Leningrad, appeared in his publication: EXPERIMENTS IN DISTANT INFLUENCE.
Ron McRae reporter:
his colleagues were "among the first to
show that even very low-level radiation can affect living organisms and
cause dizziness, loss of appetite, emotional instability, and hallucinations."
Valiliev's research caused him to
Conclude that thoughts can be grafted onto microwaves in the same way that television signals tarry pictures and
sound, opening the possibility of long-distance hypnosis or mind control."
Present day, U.S. Government use of electromagnetic weapons was described in the Oct.-Nov./
94 NEXUS MAGAZINE:
"Directed-energy weapons currently being deployed include, for example, a microwave weapon manufactured by
Lockheed-Sanders and
used for a process known as "Voice Synthesis' which is remote beaming of audio (1.e., voices
or other audible signals) directly into the brain of any selected human target.
This process
Te also known within
the U.S. Government as
"Synthetic Telepathy. "
This psychotronic weapon was demonstrated by Dr. Dave Morgan at the
November, 1993 Non-Lethal weapons conference.
Or. Robert 0. Becker, leading U.S. expert on biomagnetic effects, stated: "All the evidence points very
clearly to the fact that animals (including humans) must intercept a normal magnetic field in order
to maintain the
functional integrity of their central nervous systems.
We derive crucial information from the leld--information
that influences biorhythms, the electrical and chemical properties of the brain, and the growtl rate of the
organism as a whole.
PHYSIOLOGICAL STRESS, A MAJOR PREDISPOSING FACTOR TOWARD DISEASE,
•.. It should be obvious by now that abnormal (electromagnetic) fields CAlIBE ACUTE
(2/85 OMNI MAGAZINE). Dr. Becker's comments
show the extreme danger created by many of the so-called "non"-lethal psychotronic electromagnetic weapons.
HAMMER AND SICKLE MIND ZAPPING
In addition to the infra-sound Russian device, described in the press, there are other, mot a destructive
psychotronic weapons that are now being secretly supplied to the Clinton Regime. To understand what the globalists
are planning to use against American civilians, it is necessary to look at the background on liese KGB weapons.
In the 1950's, Nikolai Khokhlov, a Soviet KGB agent defected to the West. In 1976, Khokhlity was asked by the
number of scientists
U.S. Government to prepare a report on secret Soviet parapsychology centers.
He interviewed d
who had recently left the Soviet Union.
The 2/5/83 issue of THE SPECTATOR reported that Khokhilav said: "The
Soviet mind control program is run by the KGB with unlimited funds."
Khokhlov stated:
Soviet psychotronic weapons "ARE ABLE TO JAM SOMEONE'S THINKING IN THE SAME WAY THAT YOU CAN-
JAM THE SIGNALS COMING IN FROM A RADIO TRANSMITTER.
In simple terms, it means that YOU CAN SCHAMBLE ANYONE'S
THINKING PROCESS AND CAN PLANT FEAR AND CONFUSION AT WILL IN THAT PERSON."
NEXUS MAGAZINE stated. "Reports recently appeared that the. FBI deployed the weapon against David Koresh* during
the siege at Waco.
Tats type of psychotronte weapon was able to confuse and plant fatse messages Into tsed target ed
Videos of the Branch Dividian compound, made during the siege, show a small microwaye dish. (used for. s*
transmission) setting atop a portable pole, pointed directly towards the main building th the tempound. #
The Feds appear to have also utilized psychotronic mind-zapping weapons against the Montah#-based Church
Universal and Triumphant.
KGB defector Khokhlov reported
that by using these psychotronic weapons,
"you can make an enemy to do something
totally contrary to his training and his loyalty to his own country."
Loyal Americans, who are targeted by these
psychotronic weapons or by the VLF GWEN tower network, can be mentally softened-up, so that they will more
willingly submit to the control of the U.N. occupation forces.
Khokhlov reported that these KGB devices could turn a senior officer "into a traitor" to His own country.
The 1988 book,
PSYCHIC WARFARE--Fact or Fiction, edited by John White, carried several articles by Thomas E.
Bearden, Teading U.S. expert on Soviet Tesla and psychotronic weapons. In his article titled,
Weapons, A Condensed Background, " Bearden stated:
"The psychotronic patterns/effects can be modulated onto electromagnetic signals, even of yary low intensity"
the psychotronic
(such as eLF and VLF),
"and still affect living systems because of the kindling effect; i.e.
virtual state modulations are striped off by a living systen (in the acucuncture points near the surface of the
skin and introduced onto the human nervous system where they begin to superpose coherently as time passes.
Such
collection eventually reach the quantum threshold and observable physical change results."
".•Sy modulating psychotronic (PT) signals onto electromagnetic (EM) carriers, visible 1ight squelching can be
The PT modulations are then delivered to the biological (or material) targets through the light--photons
go right through other photons without interaction except in the most extreme cases--and actlydte the acupuncture

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1073, "chars": 7570, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 6
points." Soviet physicist, "Victor Adamenko, discovered that acupuncture points form plexuses or groupings, thet ~
are frequently sensitive.
these plexuses are co-ordinated with and to specific body locations.
By choice
one can therefore determine what part of the target's body it afpacty can be amplified 11ke radio
"The bulk of recent telepathy research in the U.S.S.R. has been concerned with the transmission of
emotional or behavioral impulses and the study of physiological response to PK exercises etc. ... By the early
1970's CIA agents in the field reported that the Soviets were able to influence telepathically the behavior of
people, alter their emotions or health, and even kill at long distance."
The 1983 book, IHE MIND RACE, by Russell Targ and Keith Harary reported that leading Soviet psychotronics
expert, Professor I.M Kogan "argues that if psychic phenomena are to be explained at all, it will have to be
through low-frequency electromagnetic principles."
Targ and Harary reported:
"Experiments that feature inducing pain or behavioral manipulation at a distance
have been the distinguishing characteristic of almost all official Soviet psi research since the 1920's."
Describing Soviet research, Targ and Harary reported: "An 18 KHz oscillator was modulated with different types
of stochastic (random) noise.
The output of the generator was brought near the patients' heads, apparently causing
them to have 'mystical or religious types of experiences.'
in other experiments, it was found that heart attacks
could be induced in susceptible rats, and relief from hypoxia obtained in rats suffering from oxygen deprivation."
Martin Ebon's 1983 book, PSYCHIC WARFARE, stated:
"Efforts to monitor human brain activity, by means of some
form of super-telepathy, should be seen in the context of just such technological means as microwave techniques
offer today•
•.. Certain aspects of psychotronics, those concerned with extremely low levels of energy,
electromagnetism, photons, bioplasma, and similar categories, are the electro-biological equivalent of
communications
and interception techniques that utilize advanced electronic technology."
Ebon also reported
that the Rockefeller's have been financing psychotronic mind control research since the 1950's.
SATANIC 666 SOVIET ZAPPING DEVICES
Because of the 1991 breakup of the old U.S.S.R., much new information about the Soviet mind zapping weapons
program has appeared.
The 2/94 FATE MAGAZINE carried extensive details about the different types of psychotronic
devices (many of which are now being secretly supplied to the Clinton U.N. Occupation Regime):
"In 1991, an article entitled 'Once More About Psychic Weapons' was published in the UGOLOG UKRAINI newspaper
by A.V. Kalinets-Bryukhanov (K.B.)." He reported that "he had participated in the development of one of the most
classified projects of the Soviet State Committee for Sciences and Technologies."
"involved in secret
research into the effects of the operation of electromagnetic pulse fields. He studied various effects of the
exertion of force upon cellular structures and subcellular formations."
Other work involved "the development of an electronic device to direct remote influence upon the biological
environment, using microwave radiation, with subsequent corrections of biophysical parameters of living organisms."
"Tests on animal brains demonstrated that when cellular transformation resulted from fields
destructive forces, manifestations of paranormal abilities, Tike clairvoyance;
became possible.
of especially
The KGB "researchers located phrenological zones of the skull, responsible for motivating various actions of
the research subjects.
... These experiments helped Soviet scientists find the most effective electromagnetic oulse
field operating conditions to reproduce cerebral tissue that would create the planned personality characteristic."
K.B. described KGB experiments upon certain Soviet soldiers,
who had exhibited characteristics of fear and
cowardliness during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan.
After being zapped by psychotronic mind control devices,
these former cowards suddenly had a 180 degree change in their outlook. They were turned into super-courageous
heroes, who subsequently, repeatedly risked their lives in battle.
"Having observed the brain as a receiving and transmitting device, the researchers had discovered certain
wavelengths. Using them, it is possible to influence various sections of the brain directly, reproduce cerebral
tissue, and then provoke unusual changes in the qualities of individual psyches.
THEN ONE CAN PROGRAM ANYTHING
INTO THE BRAINS OF EXPERIMENTAL SUBJECTS."
FATE MAGAZINE also reported on a fall, 1991 article by Emil Fedorovich Bachurin, that was published in two
issues of the MOLODAYA GVARDIA MAGAZINE:
"The information demonstrates the kinds of weapons that fall under..the
heading of 'pyschotronic weapons'. " Bachurin described the psychotronic devices as "dreadful.
A human being
becomes a silent cog in a hellish machine of all-devouring fear.
AN INDIVIDUAL'S BRAIN CAN BE SUPPRESSED,
activities curtailed, and such an individual will submit to any wish of the operator. ... Bachurin lists several
'psi-oruzhiye':
"The first, most effective, well-known, destructive type, tortures the victim and then kills him. It iS based
on infrasonic radiation" (very
similar to the so-called non-lethal" psychotronic devices. now being pushed by the
Justice Department) --"7 hertz ELF in frequency:
The hüman! bräimand: peripheral mervous system cannot withstand iner it
such directed radiation. ... The secret of putting it to proper use iffinding the right. screening emitter
"Application of directed, high power microwave
and ultrasound radiation is the principle between the second
type of psi-weapons.
Although these are two separate concepts, each one affects the nervous system equally
effectively: humans lose sleep.
Insomnia wrecks a human being
and such weapons can be made portable."
"The third type. of psi-oruzhiye involves several systems: chronal emitters, chronal guns, pyramid sets, and
some cavity structures.
The destructive effect here is achieved by creation of chronal beams, consisting of tiny
particles--chronos,
time carriers.
Such beams are all-penetrating, and their velocity allows the beams to
disperse in space instantaneously."
"After a volley from a chronal gun, the human aura is torn to pieces, and the victim's bioenergy defense is
Should the energy circle around an individual's head (halo or nimbus) be hit, the mental abilities of the
targeted person will be affected.
Such weapons do not kill, but do maim the psyche.
Prolonged exposure to bullets
such weapons systems can affect the urinary system, sexual organs, the cranial brain, and the spinal cord.
Leukemia and malignant brain tumors are the result."
"The forth type, and by far the most dangerous for human targets,...is the psi-generator. It is also known as
a psi-amplifier, and psi-data unit.
And generators they truly are.
What is being generated
is electromagnetic
radiation that conforms to brain frequencies"
(such as the 10 hertz ELF signals generated by the Russian
Woodpecker system of Tesla Magnifying Transmitters).
"Such radiatton, when directed at the target, can be used to suggest and transmit anything, any feeling--love,
nate, eupnorla,
anger, anguish, and suicidal thoughts.
The psi-generators can be used
for remote transmission.
"Creaters of such generators designed defenses to shield the operator's brain.
If hit directly, the victim

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1061, "chars": 7264, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
703 :
•
Joses weis will power, and should the person be excited or think intensely about something at the time of the
• attack, the victims suffer cerebral thrombosis."
E.L.F. PSYCHOTRONICS FOR THE U.N. OCCUPATION FORCES
The June-July, 1989 issue of the West German scientific publication, RAUM & ZEIT carried an article by Dr. W.
Volkrodt, titled:
"Can Human Beings Be Manipulated by ELF waves."
The article stated:
"The technical principal of receivers for electromagnetic waves is fully analogous with biological information
and communications
If several thousand of the hundreds of billons of nerve cells in our brain resonate
with man-made centimeter waves, the carrier frequency has to be suppressed when the signal is passed on to the
"To overcome cell membranes, Tiving organisms use electrochemical processes involving sodium and potassium
This suppresses the carrier frequency in the high-frequency range just as
the demodulation circuit does in
man-made receivers.
What remains is the signal impressed on the carrier frequency, e.g.
in the low frequency ELF
This is also the frequency range at which our own nervous system normally works."
"Using these frequencies, the nerve fibers convey pain sensations, the feeling of hunger:
tiredness, nausea,
and signals on the sense of balance to the points in the brain which invoke these stages in the dware
consciousness."
"If INTERFERENCE signals are super imposed on the NATURAL signals generated by the body, e.g. by using
artificially-created centimeter waves as a carrier, the brain could be presented with SIMULATED STATES THAT WE
CONSCIOUSLY PERCEIVE, but which do not exist in reafity."
"A state of disturbed sense of balance, which seems to us to be real, is enough to stop people from being able
to run or make them feel dizzy even when they are lying down."
"IN A PSYCHOTRONIC WAR, ' USING MICROWAVES MODULATED USING ELF WAVES, It would no longer be necessary to kill
whole armies by inducing cardiac or respiratory irregular signals. The enemy can simply be incapacitated by
disturbing their states of balance or confusing the ability to think logically. .•. The manipulation of human
beings, by means of ELF waves is relatively easy to perform.
Predicting the use of so-called "non-lethal" psychotronic weapons to support the U.N. occupation of America,
the 1988 article stated:
"Government authorities and the military would have to overcome no insurmountable
difficulties to modulate carrier frequencies with ELF signals in existing centimeter radio-relay links.
••. AN ARMY
OF OCCUPATION COULD THEN MANIPULATE A NATION'S ABILITY TO MAKE DECISIONS IN CONFUSING POLITICAL SITUATIONS OR
DISABLE UNDESIRABLE ACTIVITIES" (the militias of loyal American resistance forces).
"ELF-modulated microwave
transmitters employed in this way could also serve to obviate the use of force" (non-lethal weapons).
"AN ENTIRE NATION CAN BE GRADUALLY SUBJUGATED PSYCHICALLY by means of long-term radiation using
ELF-modulated
centimeter waves.
Once any kind of desire to defend or capacity to resist has been dispelled, political
activities by negotiation are sufficient to incorporate into one's power a nation subjugated in this way."
GWEN TOWER VLF NETWORK FOR SOFTENING-UP THE PATRIOTIC RESISTANCE
The Ground Wave Emergency Network (GWEN) was begun in the 1980's by the U.S. Government.
The system was
allegedly designed for the purpose of maintaining defense communications in case of a nuclear war.
However, the
entire network is highly vulnerable to destruction from an electromagnetic pulse (EMP) generated by a high-altitude
nuclear explosion, according to Dr. Robert 0. Becker, M.D., (co-author of THE BODY ELECTRIC and author of
CROSSCURRENTS: The Perils of Electropollution).
After the 9/93 YOUTH ACTION NEWS report,
"Weatherwar Deluge Over America" exposed the role of the GHEN system
in electromagnetic weather-engineering, the Government suddenly announced that it was temporarily curtailing
construction for a one year moratorium
that just ended.
The present 58 tower GWEN system is still functioning and
cannot be turned off or dismantled without specific legislation from Congress.
The GWEN towers transmit electromagnetic waves in the VLF range betwnen 150 and 175 Khz.
Dr. Becker reported,
"The VLF range was selected because its signals travel by means of ground waves--electromagnetic fields that hug
the ground--rather than radiating into the atmosphere.
The signals drop off with distance, and a single GWEN
station transmits to a 360-degree circle radiating out from it to a distance of about 250 to 300 miles."
UnTike the thousands-of-miles long range ELF waves, the higher frequency VLF waves transmitted by the GWEN
system have a limited range of only a few hundred miles.
The GWEN towers will play a key role in Clinton Regime's
U.N. mind control operations because they have the ability to selectively zap specific geographic locations, while
leaving other areas unaffected.
In this way, the population in selected regions of the nation can be mentally softened-up.
to U.N. occupation forces, from the militias, of loyal Americans, can be. sIgnificantly reduced-by having GwEN system
In CROSSCURRENTS, Dr: Becker stated:
"GWEN is a superb system,
in combination with cyclotron resonance".(thep*n.
type of system utilized in the new HAARP ELF transmitters),
"FOR PRODUCING BEHAVIORAL ALTERATIONS IN THE CIVILIAN
POPULATION.
The average strength of the steady geomagnetic field varies from place to place across the United
Therefore, IF ONE WISHED TO RESONATE A SPECIFIC ION IN LIVING THINGS IN A SPECIFIC LOCALITY, one would
require a specific frequency for that location.
The spacing of GWEN transmitters 200 miles apart across the United
States would allow such specific frequencies to be 'tailored to the geomagnetic-field strength in each area."
Prior to the construction of the GWEN system, the government conducted experiments on the use of GWEN-type
Very Low Frequency transmissions.
Walter H. Bowart's famous 1978 book, OPERATION MIND CONTROL described how
federal-funded scientists studied "the effects of Very Low Frequency (VLF) as an instrument of war.
revealed that there is a natural wave guide between the ionosphere and the earth which could be used to propagate
very-low-frequency radiation and guide it to selected locations on the earth. Studies showed that low-frequency
sound subtly affected the electrical behavior of the brain."
• "The alpha-wave frequency of the human brain is from eight to twelve hertz (cycles per second).
ionospheric wave guide oscillates at eight hertz, making it a good harmonle carrier of low-frequency sound (LFS)
These are such long waves that they are virtually impossible to detect.
Pentagon reports apply IFS to
demobilizing the productive capacity of a civilian population in time of war."
"Dr. Frank Barnaby,
Director of the Stockhom Peace Research Institute, stated: 'If methods could be devised to
produce greater field strengths of such low-frequency oscillations,
... by artificial means,
then it might become
possible to impair the performance of a large group of people in selected regions over extended periods.
In his earlier 1980 article,
"The New Mental Battlefield." the Federal Government's "non-lethal" psychotronics

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 1002, "chars": 6900, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fage 8
weapons tsar, Col. John. B. Alexander wrote:
"Mind-altering techniques, designed to impact on an opponent are
well-advanced.
Researchers suggest that certain low frequency emissions possess psychoactive characteristics
THESE (ELF & VLF) TRANSMISSIONS CAN BE USED TO
INDUCE DEPRESSION OR IRRITABILITY IN A TARGET POPULATION.
SPACE SHUTTLE WEATHER-ENGINEERING AND MIND ZAPPING
In addition
to the electromagnetic weather-engineering created by the Russian Woodpecker, U.S. HAARP-like
ionospheric-heating ELF transmitters, and the GWEN tower network of VLF transmitters, the U.S. Government 1s now
utilizing space vehicles to help fine-tune current weather-engineering methods.
The Sept. 26-0ct. 2, 1994 DEFENSE
NEWS reported that the U.S. Air force has a master
for "weather control".
"Advances in technology" have
resulted in weather modification being made a part of the Air Force's planning.
DEFENSE NEWS reported that details
on the weather-control plan are
"classified
and will not be released Air Force officials said."
U.S. space shuttles are already being utilized for space-based weather-engineering and mind control actions
against the American population.
An Associated Press report carried in the 9/11/94 EVANSVILLE COURIER stated
that on Sept. 10, 1994, the space shuttle Discovery utilized a powerful green laser directed at key sections of
North America and other parts of the globe.
Pulses from the shuttle's laser
"bounced off thick, high clouds over a
tropical storm in the first atmospheric study of its kind.
Ground controllers directed the lasers at tropical
storm Debby in the Caribbean as
the shuttle soared 160 miles overhead."
"The $25 million laser machine is flying for the first time in space.
Similar devices have flown for years on
Proof that the space shuttle laser was utilized for weather-engineering and mind-zapping, came from the
specific frequency employed by the laser.
DEFENSE NEWS stated: "During a checkout of the laser machine, PULSES BEGAN EMANATING FROM DISCOVERY AT A RATE
OF TEN PER SECOND as the shuttle flew over Manitoba, Canada.
The lasers continued firing as Discovery cut across
Wisconsin, Michigan, and the Northeast, heading out over the Atlantic Ocean near Maryland, and down toward the
Caribbean, and. passed over eastern Brazil and the South Atlantic. ... Each pulse was just the width of a finger
when leaving Discovery, but COVERED THE AREA EQUIVALENT TO THREE FOOTBALL FIELDS BY THE TIME IT REACHED EARTH."
The 10/3/94 AVIATION WEEK & SPACE TECHNOLOGY MAGAZINE reported that the Discovery mission also involved two
Lockheed Electra aircraft which, during the period Sept. 16-17, flew over part of Discovery's orbit, each firing
its own on-board laser at the earth,
"pulsed at 10 hertz, through quartz windows" on the aircraft. Discovery and
the two aircraft operated "simultaneously from different altitudes over the same spot on earth."
The 10 pulses per second (10 hertz--cycles per second) is in the EXACT same primary ELF frequency that has been
transmitted for many years by the Soviet Woodpecker Tesla-Magnifying-transmitters.
The ten pulses per second ELF
waves have been utilized for weatherwar attacks against America since July 4, 1976.
Further, the space shuttle's
and aircrafts' 10 cycles per second ELF frequency is in the human brain's alpha wave range and has been
specifically utilized for mind-zapping for many years.
the House Subcommittee on Oceans and International Environment.
President Lyndon Johnson's former science adviser, Or. Gordon J.F. MacDonald testified before
Commenting on the discoveries in low-frequency
research, Dr. MacDonald stated:
...The basic notion there, was to create within the cavity between the electrically charged ionosphere in the
higher part of the atmosphere and conducting layers of the surface of the earth, this neutral cavity, to create
waves, electrical waves,
THAT WOULD BE TUNED TO THE BRAINWAVES.
The natural electrical rhythm of most mammalian
brains, including man, IS ABOUT 10 CYCLES (hertz) PER SECOND, and there
are indications that if you tune in at this
frequency, that is,
low frequencies of about 10 cycles per second, YOU CAN PRODUCE CHANGES IN BEHAVIORAL
PATTERNS OR IN RESPONSES."
The book, THE BODY ELECTRIC, by Robert 0. Becker, M.D. and Gary Selden contained important research discoveries
that related to the simultaneous space shuttle-aircraft use of three lasers firing at a 10 hertz frequency:
"Hypnotists often use a STROBE LIGHT, flashing at alpha-wave frequencies to ease the glide into trance.
seems that for over thirty years, the Communist bloc nations have been using an ELF wave form to do the same thing
undetectably and perhaps more effectively." In 1983, leading expert on biomagnetic research, Ross Adey
"organized
a public meeting at the Loma Linda VA hospital and released photos and information concerning a Russian Lida
... This was a small transmitter that emitted 10 hertz wave for tranquilization and enhancement of
suggestibility."
The space shuttle 10 hertz laser zapping of America fulfills part of END TIMES BIBLICAL PROPHECY.
Revelations
"And I beheld another beast coming UP OUT OF THE EARTH" (like a rocket), and it had two horns the two
accompanying aircraft, each firing their own lasers) like a lamb and he spake like
doeth great
wonders, so that he MAKETH FIRE COME DOWN FROM HEAVEN ON EARTH IN THE SIGHT OF MEN, " (the ELF laser zapping).
..
FOR SPEEDY DELIVERY, Please read the following: We are prepared to ship orders via FIRST CLASS MAIL to anyone specifically requesting and
paying the added cost for this method of shibment. All other orders. at the regular price, are shipped via surface 3rd and 4th class (Parcel Post)e shippeu
mail, which normally takes about 3 weeks to cross the U.S. We fill and ship: orders within 24-48 hours of receipt. Due to current postal. delivery.:
slowdown, we strongly advise shipment by first class mail.
SPECIAL
EXTRA COPIES OF
NEW WORLD ORDER
E.L.F. PSYCHOTRONIC TYRANNY
WE WILL MAIL
A COPY OF
ONE PACKAGE
SENT TO
ONE ADDRESS ONLY
FOREIGN ORDERS:
REGULAR PRICE
shipped via 3rd
NEW WORLD ORDER
and 4th class mail
E.L.F. PSYCHOTRONIC
TYRANNY
shipped via
First Class Mail
Directly to your friends for
$3.25 A NAME.• JUST SEND
IN YOUR LIST OF NAMES.
(2-1,000)
(please note: this price does
not apply to an order for one
single copy.)
SINGLE COPY - $5.00
SINGLE COPY - $5.00
$5.00 SINGLE COPY
2 through 9 copies - S
3.00 EACH
$ 3.00 EACH
10 copies - $ 14.00
$ 15.00
50 copies - $ 35.00
$ 37.00
100 copies - $ 47.00
$
49.00
1,000 copies - $ 450.00
$ 475.00
CANADIAN ORDERS ADD 15%
(Make checks payable to YOUTH ACTION)
YOUTH ACTION • P.O. BOX 312. ALEXANDRIA, VIRGINIA 22313
DY25333722222292124
YOUTH ACTION NEWS
is not sold or distributed
outside of the U.S.A. and
Canada. All Canadian
orders must be paid by
international POSTAL
money orders only. No
foreign checks or cur
rency accepted
