{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-14T20:44:40Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7141664, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117915-meg-production-tom-bearden.pdf", "source_sha256": "03f2c061b2101e5408ce69f14388dfdace8038018cfe86c2b98f92d72efc5b51"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2734, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 6
Subj:
Date:
From:
To:
CC:
Fwd: RE: MEG Production
10/14/2004 12:59:38 PM Eastern Standard Time
(Steven M. Greer M.D.)
a Benden
4)
The problem is that no energy from the vacuum system, fuel-free, is going to be permitted in the
time frame required, unless we can get some kind of top level government action.
Certainly Secretary of Defense Cohen was properly briefed in the "superweapons" area. But
strangely, the power entourages in D.C. (and elsewhere) seem to have once again successfully
suppressed (or sidetracked into highly classified oblivion) this knowledge. That's not too surprising;
in much of that type arena, knowledge is power and so is zealously hidden and guarded - and
herded into deep categorization to hide it from others who need it to perform their job missions.
Again, at that power clique or "entourage" level about three levels down from the top in the normal
intel agencies and in powerful R&D agencies, that's where the intervention and suppression action
So somehow a powerful action has to be obtained from the very top - such as a Presidential
Decision Directive and a Presidential Order. Otherwise, the "entourage" cliques have a solid roof on
just about everything, and are impenetrable barriers.
We are facing a situation that requires a Manhattan type project, done the fastest possible, and with
the absolutely TERRIBLE purpose of replacing the centralized electrical power system (or as much
of it as possible) as rapidly as it can be done. With the centralized system, any real perturbation of
the system locally reverberates the control system, which has been designed just about against all
the principles of centralized control systems for multiple-loop competing servo systems. The basic
protection method is to take powerplants off line and shut them down before they get permanently
damaged. So the "big shutdown" mode is very easily provoked, just about anywhere in the system.
As long as we are in a full-bore strategic war with the "terrorists" having scalar interferometers, there
just is no way on this earth of operating that power system and keeping it viable, once the real
action begins.
But our decision makers in Washington D.C. are not going to be permitted to even have access to
that kind of information or assessment, or so it seems from the outside.
I've not heard a single thing - by EITHER party or side or third party etc. - dealing with the situation
we are really in, or dealing with the scalar interferometry threat vis a vis the ongoing weather and
geophysical activities, or even mentioning SecDef Cohen's 1997 statement.
Again, we have real experts on the "other side" who know and utilize one of America's greatest
Thursday, October 14, 2004 CompuServe:

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 768, "chars": 4738, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 6
vulnerabilities. When you perform a formal Strategic Analysis of a nation, there are several areas
that are rigorously analyzed. One of these areas is called "National Stvle"
, and it hits at the manner
(societal, psychosocial, etc.) that the national grouping tends to interact. And our greatest
vulnerability is our national style: Americans do not react to slowly increasing threats. We react to
the rattler that strikes us, but not the boa constrictor that slowly entangles us and begins to slowly
squeeze the life out of us.
If you check the actual record, you will find that this entire nation did very little toward terrorism, or
even the decent study of it, until Secretary of Defense Cohen took office. Cohen personally
galvanized (and forced) many of the agencies to turn away from their comfortable (and plush)
"studies" of the old regular Soviet nuclear threat (ICBMs, nuclear subs, nuclear bombers, etc.) to the
new area of the war being waged by international terrorists. In short, he put it in language they
understood: their budgets depended on them showing some life and action in that area. So Cohen is
the man who actually put part of the vast bureaucracy to work on at least starting to study the
problem.
But not much was done concretely until 9/11, when the rattler suddenly bit us in our homeland in a
way we could not ignore, because of its drama and shock and significance. It was driven home on
the TV screen that there is no longer any such thing as our formerly assumed "fortress America". A
rather stunned nation also at least momentarily grasped the fact that killing Americans right here in
our civilian populace and in our cities was the goal of these terrorists such as bin Laden.
Now jet aircraft filled with fuel or with C-4 on board are one thing, and surreptitious nuclear weapons
already in our cities are quite another. To the government's credit, it did very rapidly install a nuclear
detection system in our major population centers etc. And it did other actions.
But not much of anything has been done or even said toward combating the very deliberate plan to
force the nation into catastrophic economic collapse, by a variety of methods and eerie weapons -
where the very knowledge and recognition of those methods and weapons has been successfully
"bottled up" by the power cliques (the entourages) interested only in who's going to have the
information and who's going to be the "big monkey".
Anyway, in a nutshell that is the problem. The coordinated consortium of what is a little too loosely
called "terrorists" and its centralized overall direction is not and has not been recognized by that
entourage. It isn't even permitted to be seriously proposed or considered.
So the consortium has simply very cleverly taken advantage of using some quite old (1962-type)
long range large scalar interferometers, in the hands of the Yakuza, as a centralized mechanism to
guarantee success, and one which has crept in completely under our "official radar screen".
Presently, because of my own physical limitations, there is little I can do any longer to even
influence trying to check this thing coming down upon us. All one can do is simply try to point it out,
and point out how much wider our national considerations and actions must be. That we have tried
Now sit back a moment, and visualize that vast set of entourages, in the governmental, scientific,
industrial, university, and research communities. Visualize all the comfortable areas and power
centers and directions they have carved out for themselves, to "divvy up" the economic pie and build
and maintain their power and control (over governmental actions, scientific actions, industrial
actions, etc.).
Everything we have raised runs precisely counter to their own power, prestige, and control. Much of
that area works similar to the Mafia "Don" system. In each "area" you have a recognized "Don" and
group, who are in control. (In this case it's not a physical locale area, but a functional area. Each
Don (and his entourage) zealously guards and protects home turf and territory - to include having
access to assassination teams etc. if that becomes necessary. If one doesn't think the U.S. scientific
community is capable of even mass murder, and will condone it openly, just examine what
happened for 30 years to some poor blacks in South Alabama - the Tuskegee affair. They were
"treated" for syphilis with "sugar pills",
, so to speak, so that cold-blooded scientists could watch their
bodies and brains rot with the disease over the years, and meticulously record their agony and
suffering and deaths. More than 100 were thus "deliberately sacrificed". Now how much of a great
Thursday, October 14, 2004 CompuServe:

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 621, "chars": 3966, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 3 of 6
uproar did that cause in the U.S. scientific community when it became public knowledge? Hardly
made a wrinkle. How many of these mass murderers ordering and conducting that mass murder
were ever indicted and brought to justice? Not one. How many are going to be tried, convicted, and
punished? Not one. So what did the President (Clinton) do, as head of the Executive Branch and
therefore the person ultimately responsible for ordering the indictments, trials, convictions, etc.?
President Clinton publicly apologized on national TV! He did not order the FBI and Justice
Department to go after the murderers. Nobody ever has. Nobody is ever going to.
And check out what happened when some of our "nice" government research agencies (scientists),
civilian and industrial scientists, etc. wished to know the effects of whole-body nuclear radiation on
humans. Why, they formed a classified program (to hide it for 30 years. And among other things,
they "sold" some unfortunate families with retarded children that there was a "new treatment" being
tried for retardation. Under that guise, they then exposed those unfortunate children to whole body
nuclear radiation - again, meticulously and methodically and cold-bloodedly observing their poor
bodies erode away and eventually kill many of them. So how many of those heinous murderers
were ever indicted, brought to trial, convicted, and punished? Not one. How many are going to be?
Not one. Where was the giant uproar from the "ethical" U.S. scientific community? Hardly made a
whimper. What did the Chief Executive do about this heinous mass murder conspiracy and crime?
Nothing of any substance. Again, President Clinton publicly apologized on national TV. And that was
that.
These are just two examples of the functioning, control, and power of the cliques and the
"entourages".
Anyway, that provides a glimmering of insight into the problem. The desperate action needed to
avoid or try to avoid the coming economic destruction of the United States is precisely against just
about all the entourages and cartels - in government, in the university system, in the scientific
system, the works. It has the total enmity (and hatred) of the power cliques of all those groups, who
have decreed that it shall be "business as usual" in the energy field.
So that is where we stand, unfortunately. There is of course private wealth which could do much or
most of the development job on the actual self-powering electrical power systems, to get them into
mass production. But every entourage out there - which includes the entire system - is going to
oppose any rapid and effective implementation, right down to the death of the philanthropist should
that become necessary. So that private wealth is not going to be used for that purpose. Private
wealth tends to do its philanthropy more safely and in more conventional ways - feeding the
entourages already established in science, industry, etc. Feeding the research desired by the big
pharmaceutical companies, feeding the research (and regulations and control) desired by the
hidden vast energy cartels, etc. In short, almost the entire system is "gridlocked" (pun intended) into
its present system - and that present system is the boat that is carrying us right over the falls and
onto the rocks below.
Again, we just decided to try to hang out an outline of the strategic plan being coordinated and
implemented against us, by the "centralized consortium" instead of just the ordinary, recognized
terrorist groups. We have those groups, of course, and they are not going to go away. But their
strategic power has been deliberately and secretly augmented, sufficient to pass into their hands
sufficient WMD to destroy us, with our economic destruction via the "slow, boa constrictor
strangulation" method being first.
Best wishes.
From: Cheniere Press
Sent: Thursday. October 14, 2004 1:01 AM
Subject: Fw: MEG Production
Thursday, October 14, 2004 CompuServe:

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 190, "chars": 1274, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 4 of 6
After reading his recent update we have 2 years at best before "**IT" hits the fan.
We don't have a year for them to complete the R&D in controlling the power.
I live in Tehachapi, CA, where alternate energy companies are generating power via German made
wind turbines.
Has anyone thought to contact them for their interest?
I'm sure they have considerable resources for the engineering needs of this project.
thanks for your update
-----Original Message----
From: Cheniere Press [mailto:
Sent: Tuesday, October 05, 2004 11:51 AM
Production has not begun and the unit is not available for sale. The development team is in process of
seeking an appropriate funding partner to complete approximately one year of engineering work to
advance from a robust prototype to a production unit. This work will involve nonlinear control
systems and is thought to require specialists in several engineering disciplines as well as some very
expensive lab equipment.
For the latest information on the current status of the MEG project, please peruse the Correspondence
section on the website.
Regards,
Maccaas
sent: Tuesday, October 05, 2004 11:42 AM
Subject: MEG Production
as sity stat dreadio both 2 ME wait and found that in 2003, I1
Thursday, October 14, 2004 CompuServe:
