{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T20:50:05Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 29, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3108374, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117930-gravity-research-articles-group-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "4d400df59e262e9bc48c6e0cc9f535eeef51121a8f6e49939ab0b96ab75487c2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 9, "chars": 85, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ye | Wgseagey
- Box 1258
N OLIO Berkeley CA 9&7 01

NR.
 piahameat

ANTI-GRAVITY #3

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 663, "chars": 4509, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
electronics
MOTICE, THIS MATEMAL MAY BE
PROTECTED BY COPYRIGNT LAM
(TITLE 17 ULA. CODEL
Force Field Shows Propulsion Promise
SAN DIEGO-A promising research
approach to force field propulsion is
reported by the Electronics Div.. Ryan
Aeronautical Co..
San
Diego.
Calif
The
system is being studied for
possible application
in
a series of
manned watch satellites for detection
and intercept of hostile ICBMs.
Martin
Kaplan, a senior re-
search
engineer at Ryan Electronics.
does not think present-day chemically
fueled rockets have the duration
re-
quired for
an
orbital mission.
More
exotic propulsion
methods-nuclear,
ion or plasma-type systems-can
be
ruled out because of weight or very
low initial velocities. he says.
The need. according to Kaplan. is
for a new
approach
to propulsion
which would furnish very high speeds
along with high initial velocities and
long duration.
Ryan
research in
force fields is
running along two paths that "look
promising."
One is
termed unified
field theory." the other a "quantum
mechanical theory of free space." The
latter approach, derived from a quan-
tized model. has led to successful ex-
periments. Kaplan says. Additional ex-
periments are being set up.
more comprehensive research
program is planned which, if
suc-
cessful. will produce either "restricted"
or "general" results. Either would be
a revolution in propulsion.
Restricted results might be dubbed
antigravitation. This would permit an
acceleration
force which
could be
directed only toward, or away from, a
second body. A general result would
permit a reaction against free space.
The general result is anticipated.
But this would still require one major
breakthrough-development of a means
of converting putential
energy (per-
haps nuclear) to kinetic energy in the
form
of a rectilinear momentum
without expelling mass. Such a break-
through seems
possible. Kaplan be-
lieves. when there is a better under-
standing of the mechanism by which
matter is converted to energy.
• 100-g acceleration-In practice,
the thrust produced by engines of this
type would be directly proportional to
Method in Madness
BULGES AND BUCKLES with a purpose were built into this room at Republic Avia-
tion's new Farmingdale, N.Y., Research and Development Center. Gibson-Girl
build
of walls makes almost completely echo-free environment for testing antennas.
their energy conversion rates. Neglet-
ing energy losses. the vehicle's rate if
change of momentum would be limite!
only by its peak energy conversior:
rate.
Kaplan believes these conversion
rates
could be
safely
employed
to
achieve space accelerations of 100
g
or more. This is not so fantastic when
compared to recent
ultracentrifuge
tests which have produced
reactions
against
space of nearly
500,000
g.
Once requirements for rectilinear re-
actions against space are discovered,
100-to-1000-g propulsion should be at-
tainable.
A complete cycle of acceleration
and deceleration at 100 g would take
a vehicle from the earin's surface to
a 1000-mile altitude in 80.8 sec., dis-
regarding atmospheric drag. Althougi
this extreme acceleration rate
might
be no problem for the vehicle struc-
ture, it would hardly create a friendly
environment for its occupants or their
instruments.
The same principle used for ve.
hicle propulsion could be used to give
the vehicle's occupants a g-controlled
environment of a less disastrous char-
acter.
• Putting it to work-So where's
the practical use if it all works? Kap
lan proposes a system of six "stacked"
counterorbiting fleets of 24 manned
ICBM detection-pursuit vehicles
per
orbit and counterorbit. Vehicles
in
each orbit (12 in each direction) would
be spaced about 2075 miles apart. Each
fleet would patrol an
area
at least
2000 miles wide, extending completely
around the world. Thus, 144 patrol
vehicles would have to be in space
at all times to give continuous early
warning coverage of the entire earth's
surface.
If, for some reason, orbiting ve-
hicles could not be used, the vehicles
might be placed in a hovering position,
deployed to form
a space
blockade
about a potentially hostile power.
The early warning system
could
double as repeater stations in closed
communication
links,
separated by
slightly over 2000 miles.
Tandem ve-
hicles of each orbit. or the vehicles of
a hovering blockade. would be within
line-of-sight of each
other. Thus. they
could relay information originating
in
any one station
or
from
an
earth
station in contact with any one space
point.
missiles and rockets, July 11, 1960
27

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 917, "chars": 5971, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
84
A. V. CLEAVER
"ELECTRO-GRAVITICS": WHAT IT IS-OR
MIGHT BE*
By A. V. CLEAVEr,† F.R.Ae.S., FELLOW
During the past two years, there can be few people in any way interested
in either aeronautics or astronautics who have not encountered the unfamiliar
term "electro-gravitics," and reacted to it with perplexity, amusement.
scepticism, or perhaps a mixture of all three of these attitudes.
Thoee within the aircraft and guided weapons industries have probably been
asked, as I certainly have,
"What is the U.K. doing in this field?" by visiting
Americans, who apparently find it improbable that Britain, with its tradition of
scientific discovery and invention, is inactive in such a new subject. The reply.
"Nothing, as far as I know—at least in the sense you mean," is usually received
with some surprise, while the alternative,
"What is 'electro-gravitics'?" which
I have also heard given, is apt to provoke the further inevitable question, "Are
you kidding?"! It is not too difficult to understand this, for in the past a
familiar pattern has been for new scientific advances to be pioneered over here,
or on the Continent, and then exploited by our friends across the Atlantic; the
basic science has been mainly European, even when the technology has become
predominantly American, at least in its later stages. Perhaps this sequence will
not be so often the case in future, but any departure from it still occasions some
comment.
It has by no means been necessary to circulate within any privileged circles
to have met this strange new word "electro-gravitics." In the United States,
have printed references to current work. Some of these accounts have been
nautical publications, and sometimes with embellishments.
In a few instances.
the subject has been dealt with in a style of pseudo-scientific gobbledy-gook
which has been worse than meaningless. The only comment called for on these
latter is that they obviously emanate from people who realize that here is a good
technical "story," possibly even a very important one, but who do not have
the facts to write it up properly and who furthermore, to put it bluntly, have
not the faintest idea what it is really all about.
• American Research on "Electro-Gravitics"
What are the facts, insofar as they are publicly known, or (as at this date)
nowable? Well they seem to amount to this: The Americans have decided
to look into the old science-fictional dream of gravity control, or "anti-gravity,"
to investigate, both theoretically and (if possible) practically the fundamental
nature of gravitational fields and their relationship to electromagnetic and other
phenomena-and someone (unknown to the present writer) has apparently
decided to call all this study by the high-sounding name of "electro-gravitics."
• Manuecript received 29 January, 1957.
† Assistant Chief Engineer, Aero Engine Division, Rolls-Royce, I.td.
ELECTRO-GRAVITICS
85
Unknown, too-or at least unannounced— is the name of agency or individual
who decided to encourage, stimulate, or sponsor this effort, also in just what way
it is being done. However, that the effort is in progress there can be little doubt,
and, of course, it is entirely to be welcomed. One's only legitimate regret might
be that, colloquially speaking, the whole business seems to have gone off "half-
cock," in that some of the reports already referred to, with their facile employ-
ment of meaningless jargon, have tended to suggest that the project is much
further advanced than, in all probability, it really is. The fact that there appears
to be no very high security rating attached to it in itself suggests that definite
results have not yet been achieved; if and when they are, one would expect
the usual "clamp" to be tightened down.
The New York Herald-Tribune, in a series of three articles printed in its
issues for November 20, 21, and 22, 1955, stated that the following American
organizations, among others, were involved:
The Glenn L. Martin Co. (Prime contractors, incidentally, of the Vanguard
satellite vehicle and the Titan ICBM).
The Convair Division of the General Dynamics Corporation (Builders of the
Atlas ICBM, and for whom Dr. Edward Teller, of the University of
California, who is often described as the main creator of the fusion bomb,
is top scientific consultant).
Lear, Inc. (a large electronics concern).
Clarke Electronics Labs.
The Princeton Institute for Advanced Study (Dr. Stanley Deser and Dr.
Richard Arnowitt), and Princeton University itself.
The Universities of Indiana (Dr. Vaclav Hlavaty), North Carolina (Dr.
Bryce S. de Witt), and Purdue.
A photograph was reproduced, showing Dr. Charles T. Dozier and Martin
Kaplan, both of Convair, allegedly engaged on an anti-gravity experiment.
They were shown facing some apparatus consisting of an assembly of vertical
discs on a spindle, in casings supported on pillars, with what appeared to be
electrical connections.
The Martin Co., which has actually run advertisements appealing for
scientific research staff interested in gravity, are stated to have placed extra-
mural contracts, through their Research Institute for Advanced Study (RIAS),
with Dr. Pascual Jordan and Dr. Burkhard Heim, at the German Universities
of Hamburg and Goettingen respectively.
Beyond this list, impressive enough in itself, other sources have linked the
names of a number of other American firms and universities with the problem,
and alleged that yet others in France, Italy, Japan, and elsewhere,
involved. One school of thought has therefore concluded that something on
the scale of the U.S. wartime "Manhattan District" programme, which produced
the first nuclear fission bombs, is already in being. On the other hand, our own
Arthur C. Clarke tells me that he recently discussed the matter with a well-known
American science journalist in New York, and was assured that the whole
business was a case of Much Ado About Nothing, started by "a bunch of
engineers who don't know enough physics."

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1029, "chars": 6656, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
86
A. V. CLEAVER
Clarke himself, incidentally, has an amusing theory to account for the start
of the investigation at about this particular time; it is perhaps improbable, but,
like all good stories, at least deserves to be true, and certainly to be repeated.
We all know that his particular literary medium of science fiction is much more
widely read by scientists, engineers and technical administrators than many of
them care to admit ... and it appears that the magazine Astounding Science
Fiction published a story, about a couple of years ago, which had a striking
relevance to all the current interest in "electro-gravitics." Called "Noise
Level"
and written by Raymond F. Jones, it described how the American
authorities called
together the nation's greatest scientific brains and
demanded that they produce an anti-gravity device, claiming (quite untruth-
fully) that an unknown inventor had already done so, but that he had been killed
in an accident while demonstrating his results, and all his records and apparatus
destroyed. They supported this apocryphal story with some impressively-faked
films and other convincing details, so that the scientists passed through a phase
of scepticism into one of responding to the challenge with some intensive and
inspired work.
In due course, they came up with the required solution, in
cruder and more cumbersome form than the device of their alleged anticipator—
but anti-gravity, none the less.
The moral of the story, of course, was the
claim that nothing is impossible, once it is "known" to be practicable.
Now, says Clarke, is life deliberately imitating art? Did someone in the
Pentagon read the story, and decide to see if some modification of this science-
fictional plot could be transformed into science fact?
To return to the two extreme views mentioned earlier, it seems most unlikely
that the more exuberant ("Manhattan District") one is justified; we can be
fairly certain that it is unfounded, over-optimistic-to say the least, very
premature. On the other hand, it is perhaps just as unlikely that the alternative,
very pessimistic, extreme view is justified, either. It is much more probable
that the work is, by modern standards, proceeding on a quite modest and
exploratory scale, and that we simply have to wait and see how it will turn out.
Much of it probably amounts to little more than the fact that American govern-
ment and industrial agencies have begun to take an interest in some fundamental
research work which was being done anyway, and to encourage and subsidize
this, on the principle of casting the bread of dollar currency upon the waters of
pure physics.
A "guesstimate" which I have heard, that the total current
expenditure is of the order of only 5 million dollars a year, is consistent with
this view.
We can at least hope that, if the effort persists, the physicists in the long
run may provide the essential new and basic knowledge for the "ignorant"
engineers to use. It is an exciting thought that even this bare possibility exists:
1
even at this juncture, be stated with certainty:
Il any anti-gravity device is ever to be developed, the first thing needed is a new
discovery in fundamental physics—a new principle, not a new invention or
application of known principles, is required.
ELECTRO-GRAVITICS
87
The truth of this statement is clearly not realized by many of the journalistic
writers on "electro-gravitics." The simple fact is, that at the moment, we do
not know whether gravity nullification, reversal, or control of any kind, is
possible or not.
New fundamental knowledge might show that it is. On the
other hand, it might place the whole concept in the same class of scientific
absurdities as perpetual motion machines, or Wells' Time Machine for travel into
our own established past; like them, it might violate some fundamental natural
law of physics or logic.
New knowledge of the sort required might come from
theoretical researches in the more abstruse realms of mathematical physics, or
from a more or less accidental experimental observation. Both these avenues
have, in the past, led to fundamental scientific discoveries.
Devices for Overcoming Gravity
Also, a distinction should be drawn between a hypothetical device which
opposes gravity in a fundamental sense, by the application of as yet unknown
principles, and one which does so (or claims to do so) by the use of existing
knowledge. This again is a difference not appreciated by many recent
commentators.
Thus, several of them (e.g., Interavia, 1956, 11 (5), 373-4) have made somewhat
vague and mysterious references to the work of inventors such as the American,
Townsend T. Brown, who appear to be experimenting with model flying
machines suspiciously like the legendary flying saucers, so-called "flying con-
denser discs" which generate lift by electrostatic charges.
Between the two
world wars, a British inventor named Verschoyle achieved some publicity with
devices which, if they worked at all, did so by similar means. Nothing Tinda-
nental to the nature of gravity is involved, any more so than in the case of
conventional flying machines, whether aerostats (balloons and airships), or
aerodynes (aeroplanes, helicopters, etc.), which merely oppose gravity by other
well-known forces. In all "aerodynes,
," for example, the lift (equal but opposite
to the weight in level flight) is simply the aerodynamic reaction from the down-
ward deflection, by wings or rotors, of a mass of air-literally a lifting jet
(though not so obviously one as that of the Rolls-Royce "Flying Bedstead") and
first-cousin to the exhaust that lifts a rocket.
The New York Herald-Tribune articles already quoted introduced, in places,
similar confusions. They bracketed electrostatic lifting devices with the ion-
rockets well-known to students of spaceflight, which are none the less rockets,
even though they do generate their lifting or propulsive jets of charged particles
electrodynamically (by a voltage difference), instead of thermodynamically (by
the temperature drop during expansion of a substantially neutral gas or smoke).
Elsewhere, the same series ascribed undue significance (in this context) to the
old trick phenomenon of "levitating" an object made of suitable paramagnetic
material (e.g., aluminium) above the poles of an alternating-current electro-
magnet.
Here again, gravity is merely opposed, not in any way controlled-in
this case by electromagnetic forces generated by eddy currents in the floating
body.
All this is not to say that devices based on any of these electrical or magnetic
phenomena might not conceivably be of some interest and practical importance

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 969, "chars": 6259, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
88°
A. V. CLEAVER
in their own right. The point to be made here is just that, even if they were,
they would not represent anti-gravity, and would leave our power and influence
over the basic gravitational forces exactly where it is today—in a position of.
complete ingnorance and helplessness. We should merely have substituted one
brute-force approach for another.
different inventors produce fresh versions of these, and it is sometimes difficult
writer in a previous paper"). However, fallacious they all are-if an upward
lifting force is produced on one of their components, a compensating downward
reaction will always exist on another. This is not always instantaneously true;
that is, sometimes it is the net (upwards minus downwards) impulse which
averages out at zero, oyer a complete cycle of operation.
If it did not, the inventor would have produced some sort of rocket, which
might be defined as a device which opposes (but does not neutralize or control)
gravity, by ejecting reaction mass to outside its own system. Once again, this
is true of chemical, nuclear or ion rockets, and even (in the relativistic sense of
equivalent mass) of Dr. Sänger's "photon rockets."
None of these are closed
mechanical systems, and no closed mechanical system could achieve a similar,
gravity-defying, result.
H. G. Wells's famous Cavorite (of "The First Men in the Moon") is also
fallacious, but for a different reason. If we had such a material as he described,
and could use it as he envisaged, then we could defeat the law of the conservation
of energy, and so achieve perpetual motion. However, this is not to say that, a
far as we know at present, we could not build an anti-gravity device of some
other sort, which worked by the continuous expenditure of appropriate quanti-
ties of energy (equally, as has already been pointed out, none of our present
published knowledge suggests that we could). In passing, it is interesting to
note that the nineteenth-century American astronomer, Simon Newcomb, now
chiefly famous for his outspoken scepticism about the practicability of heavier-
than-air flight by aerodynamic means, nevertheless went ori record as believing
that one day it would be achieved by the application of such yet (and still)-to-be-
discovered. principles.
Our Knowledge about Gravity
Gravity is, in fact, a most mysterious and intractable phenomenon. It is
perhaps doubtful whether many people, even technically-trained people, realize
just how true this is, or whether they notice the conspiracy of silence with which
it is treated in most textbooks. One is almost reminded of a Polynesian "taboo,"
or the Victorian attitude to certain things, like sex or certain parts and functions
of the body, considered "not quite nice.
The student is taught that all masses
attract one another according to the law: F = =
Gm, me; he learns that it governs
the stability of the Universe, and the various Newtonian equations which
D= 89 a
ELECTRO-GRAVITICS
learn the more accurate versions of the latter (such as: 4 = gRETz- B).
which-must be used in celestial mechanics or for the calculation of spaceship
orbits, to take account of the large variation in gravitational force over great
distances, introduced by the inverse square law of the field. So he may become
familiar with such concepts as escape-vclocity, and may even be told something
of Einstein's later relativistic morifications to Newtonian mechanics.
* However, unless he is a very specialized post-graduate student in pure
science, he is likely to be expected to accept the old idea of "action at a distance,"
and'it is rather improbable that any of his teachers will draw his attention to
our complete lack of knowledge of the physical relationship between gravitation
and other phenomena, simply because we do know nothing, and the academic
workd apparently prefers not to advertise the fact! As the French mathematical
physicist Borel wrote, many years ago now:
something rather strange in this phenomenon of gravitation,
something that distinguished it from other physical phenomena. This was its utter
immutability and its absolute independence of all external actions.
Light is arrested
by opaque bodies, deviated by prisms and lenses; clectrical and magnetic actions are
modified by the neighbourhood of certain bodies; gravitation alone remains always the
same, and we have no means of enabling us to either increase or diminish it.
Gravitation
is indiffcrent to all physical circumstances, and is not affected by the chemical nature
of (bodies."
All this is just as true today as when he wrote it.
More recently, Time magazine quoted an interview with Einstein (April 10,
1950), in which the great man complained that physicists still acted as though
gravitational effects did not exist; he said, "1 do not believe that it is justifiable
to ase, mat wieve theirs was line relation betweaticle magnitem and
gravitation, and spent the last years of his life working on a unified field theory
to express it. He was anxious that his fellow-scientists should attempt to check
it, but was quoted, in the same article, as saying himself: "Affirmation or refuta-
tion will not be easy, in spite öfian abundance of known empirical lacts. The
derivation, from the equations, of conclusions which can be confronted with
experience will require painstaking efforts and probably new mathematical
methods."
‹ Einstein was far from being the first scientist unwilling to accept gravita-
tional effects without question, or without seeking to show their relationship to
other, more tractable, natural forces. More than a hundred years ago, Michael
Faraday was troubled by similar thoughts. Encouraged by his own classic
successes in explaining the interdependence of chemical, electrical and magnetic
phenoména, he conducted numerous experiments dropping weights down the
old Waterloo shot tower on London's South Bank (by the present Royal Festival
Hail), to try and discover some connection between gravity and magnetism or
electrostatic charge. He was quite unsuccessful in these attempts; nevertheless,
in'a subsequent lecture he said: "They do not shake iny strong feeling of the
existence of a relation."
Sir William Crookes was another well-known physicist who worried about
272i

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1168, "chars": 7160, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
this problem, and a search through the scientific journals of the last fifty years
will reveal that many others kept him company. Although none of the work
Majorana brothers in Italy (who made important contributions to the develop-
ment of the radio valve) once attracted quite a lot of attention with some
measurements which seemed to show that gravitation was slightly absorbed by
intervening substance, but these were later shown to be spurious.
we should find that gravitation was the result of something left over, a sort of
incomplete compensation.
I have seen a very similar expression of opinion by
Prof. Marcus Oliphant, and in the articles from The New York Herald-Tribune
already quoted, the following passage occurs:
"Dr. Deser and Dr. Arnowitt are of the opinion that very recently discovered nuciear
and sub-nuclear particles of high energy, which are difficult to explain by any present-
day theory, may prove to be the key that eventually unlocks the mystery. It is their
suggestion that the new particles may prove to be basic gravitational energy which is
heing converted continually and aulomatically in an expanding universe directly into
the most usclul nuclear and clectromagnetic forms.'
In a recent scientific paper they
point out: 'One of the most hopeful aspects of the problem is that until recently gravita-
tion could be observed but not experimented on in any controlled fashion, while now
with the advent in the past two years of the new high energy accelerators (the Cosmotron
and the even more recent Berkeley Bevatron) the new particles which have been linked
with the gravitational fiekd can be examined and worked with at will'."
If this point of view proves justified, then perhaps Einstein was mistaken
when he deprecated the preoccupation of modern physicists with sub-nuclear
particles, to the exclusion of the great cosmic force of gravity. Our best route
to a solution may be by this very approach through the back door, as it were,
then to scale up our knowledge from the sub-microscopic to the macroscopic.
At any given time, there is always a repion of intense scientific activity of which
the layman, and the engineer, are almost entirely ignorant, even in the sense of
being largely unaware of most of the things being discussed within it. Even
with such an awareness, they would be almost incomprehensible, so perhaps it
is as well that we do not hear about all the doubtful theories and experimental
results, as yet unconfirmed, which are debated and disputed in the dim half-light
of this region, like that which precedes the dawn of true understanding.
A fairly recent example of this sort, which did achieve some premature
publicity, was Prof. P. M. S. Blackett's tentative law connecting the magnetic
field of a body with its spin. Basing his suggestion on the striking coincidence
of the value of the ratio of these quantities for the Earth, the Sun, and the star
78 Virginis (for which it had just been measured), Blackett argued, in 1947, that
perhaps every spinning body generated a magnetic field in consequence.
deduced, from the three numerical values available, that perhaps P = BG
tentatively that ..: the above equation represents some new and fundamental
property of rotating matter. Perhaps this relation will provide the long-sought
connection between electromagnetic and gravitational phenomena."
Unfortunately, although a good deal of scientific interest and excitement
was aroused at the time, this did not prove to be the case. The suggested law
was apparently not supported by subsequent data, notably from the observation
of certain of its deduced consequences, if it had been valid.
So, what had
appéared likely to open a crack in the door to gravitational knowledge proved,
alter all, to be just one more disappointment.
Howèver, to the layman or technologist there now appear to be an increasing
number of such stimulating speculations and possibilities. One leafs through
an abstruse paper or an advanced textbook on theoretical physics, and, along
with the neutrons, protons, electrons, positrons, neutrinos, mesons, and photons
_all the ingredients of the Carrollian Wonderland of the nuclear physicist— one
sometimes sees also the word "gravitons." Or one comes across a reference to
"gravitational waves," or an argument about the speed of propagation of
gravitational attraction; is it indeed the same as that of light, which is apparently
what mopern relativity theory would say? The suggestion has been made that
certain experimental observations of the artificial satellite's orbit might provide
some check on this point, and hence on current theories, and some anomalous
observations, of the rate of expansion of the Universe.
Reference has already been made to the fact that Einstein, at the time of his
death:, was working on unified field theory—a sort of synthesis and extension
of the relativity and quantum theories which would show the relationship
between all kinds of physical phenomena, and perhaps explain them in terms
of a sort of strain in space, consequent upon its true geometrical properties.
The following quotation is from a broadcast talk given some years ago by
Dr. Bronowski, on this subject of Einstein's last published work:
'«One likeness between light, say, and gravity is that they both spread out into space
in the same way, evenly in every direction from the point where they began; so that the
strength of each falls off as the square of the distance from there.
And then, of course,
Einstein himself predicted in the theory of Relativity that light must be as it were
attracted by matter, and was proved right spectacularly in récent eclipses.
Another
likeness has only become certain in the last few years, because it is another consequence
of the theory of Relativity.
This is the discovery that gravitation does not get every-
where instantly, but travels in waves like electro-magnetic waves, and at the same
speed, which is the speed of light.
Clerk Maxweli was sure that light and electro-
magnetism are allied when his mathematics showed that they travel at the same speed.
So it is at least tempting to couple gravitation with them now that we find that has the
same speed too.
happen on Earth if the.Sun suddenly vanished into nothing?' He would have answered,
' It would get dark.'
And if you pressed your question and asked. 'How soon?' Shakes-
peare would say,
'At once, of course.' No one in 1600 knew that it takes time for light
And Shakespeare would not have given a thought to the path
of the Farth if the Sun vanished.
Because few people then believed that the Earth goes
round the Sun, and those who did had no motion what kept it there.
"Now suppose you had put the same question to Christopher Wren 100 years
By this time it was known that it takes time for light to travel.
Christopher Wren, who was a friend of Newton's, of course also knew that it is the
gravitational pull of the Sun which keeps the Earth on its path; but he supposed that it
reaches everywhere instantly.
So he would answer, 'If the Sun were suddenly to vanish
into nothing now, the Earth would at once fly straight out of its orbit, but it wouldn't

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1129, "chars": 7060, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
92
• A. V. CLEAVER
get dark for about eight minutes!' And today? We know that gravitation travels no
faster than light and other waves.
So today we should say.
'If the Sun were suddenly
to be snatched out of the sky, then the Earth would fly out of its orbit and it would get
dark, both at the same moment ... a little over eight minutes from now'.
Evér since I first heard Bronowski's talk seven years ago, 1 have thought
this passage one of the most striking illustrations ever given of the growth of
our scientific knowledge. Let us hope that its, further growth will be stimulated
by all the current official and industrial support apparently being given in
America to those working, as Einstein was, on this important subject that
Bronowski called "a unified theory which would at last forge the outstanding
link between gravitation and electromagnetism." If "electro-gravitics" means
anything, or is ever to do so, it must be just that.
Quite apart from the absorbing scientific questions involved, this last con-
sideration raises another
point of very great intrinsic interest.
If the current
American programme does succeed in producing any really significant result, it
will be almost the first time in the history of science that a major fundamenta!
advance has been obtained to direct order, primarily with a view to its applica-
As Sir Edward Appleton remarked in this year's Reith Lectures: "We
cannot plan discovery; but we can plan the conditions in which discoveries can
be made." The Americans would seem to be trying to go a little beyond this
orthodox view.
The historical pattern has been almost invariably the same. A theoretician
has deduced some fact, or even a general law, or else an experimenter has
stumbled on it (often "stumbled" would be a rather ungenerous term, for the
scientists would have been looking consciously in a region likely to be productive
of valuable observations—-which takes us back to Sir Edward Appleton).
Further data are gained from special experiments designed to check up on the
tentative theory, and so it is finally established. Afl this work has usually been
the province of pure research workers at the Universities, although in recent
years there has been a tendency for some fairly fundamental work to be carried
ut in the research laboratories of big industrial concerns
In any case, the
notives of the scientists concerned have invariablv been their private interest
and curiosities, so that progress has been more or less spontaneous and sporadic.
At this stage, it has been rare in the past for any governmental or industrial
agency to express any interest, other than possibly a philanthropic one,
and certainly none whatsoever in any application of the new principles. Some-
times a few laymen (journalists or science-fiction writers!) do, but only to be
scoffed at for their pains. Often the scientists concerned have been, at least in
public, among the most sceptical; only rarely in the past have they been very.
interested in such a mundane matter as the application of their work, though
this "ivory-tower" attitude is much less typical for the younger modern
physicists.
The next stage has been for some pioneer technologist, or inventor, to apply
the new principle in a novel device. Often he has had to face derision, opposition,
and every sort of obstruction and frustration at first, but, finally successful, he
(or all too often a later successor) finds his ideas adopted at last by the big
interests of industry and government. A lot of people then say, of course, that
ELECTRO-GRAVITICS
they had always realized this would happen, and it also becomes fashionable to
point to the amazing foresight of the early lay prophets.
There have been signs for some time that changes are emerging in this classic
pattern, for reasons which are fairly obvious. On the one hand, recent history
has convinced the powers that be of the immense value of both pure research
and technological development, and of the fact that the former, however
academic it may appear at first sight, usually leads to the latter. On the other,
modern technical advances are usually so complex and expensive that they are
tending to be made only when the backing of big interests is available to foster
'them (University laboratories, for example, usually work now with big govern-
ment grants, rather than private endowments).
Nevertheless, it has șo far remained true that no really fundamental advance
has been obtained to order; fundamental advances have been made with
official backing in certain general areas of work, but that is not quite the same
thing, though it may be approaching it. Nobody "ordered" the discovery of
nuclear fission, for example, any more than that of radio-activity. Even in the
fickd of invention, much the same considerations apply, although this question
is a rather different one, and it is quite conceivable that even a major invention
could be "ordered" to fulfil some specific need. However, Whittle's turbojet
was born from his own spontaneous interest, in the traditional way-though
radar was what the scientists produced in reply to an official request for
something like a "death ray" to use in anti-aircraft defence.
Can the classic pattern, even as already modified by modern trends, be
further, completely transformed, by American methods of high-powered sponsor-
ship? 'Faced with an urgent stated need and supplied with sufficient dollars,
will the delicate flower of creative thought be so nurtured as to produce the
necessary theories of brilliant insight, and to design the crucial revealing
experiments? Or will these aids, which work all right for so-called "pump-
handle" research, be in this case more like an excessive amount of chemical
fertilizer, and kill the tender plant? Time alone will tell.
The Americans have saidsthat they are worried by the relatively small
amount óf basic research undertaken in their country, and by the way in which
their effort has tended, so far, to be deflected from this direction simply because
of the enormous research subsidies now available from government and industry.
Such-agencies naturally tend to spend their money on something they already
understand, to ask for things they know they would like to have. All this may
be very relevant, for, even when trying to redress the balance by sponsoring
some very novel and long-term basic research, what could be more under-
standable than that they should choose something, like the true nature of the
gravitational field, which, if it could one day be manipulated, would have obvious
practical applications?
The Martin Research Institute for Advanced Study (RIAS), which has said
that it is interested in this subject, may be an expression of this line of thought.
A brochure on its activities defines its guiding purpose as: "... to observe
phenomena of nature and to encourage, promote and support investigations in
search of underlying knowledge of these phenomena.
To conduct theoretical
and experimental studies, to discover the fundamental laws which affect them

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 416, "chars": 2728, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A. V. CLEAVER
and to evolve new technical concepts for the improvement and welfare of man-
kind." The freedom of action of the scientific staff is emphasized, and it is
stated that: "The areas under investigation are not; in general, related to any
immediate product development problems of the parent Company." Operating
under the overall direction of Welcome W. Bender, RIAS itself describes its
interest in "electro-gravitics" in these soberly-scientific terms:
to understand the implications of the theory with regard to such things as tbe nature
and meaning of singularities in the solutions to the field equations and the properties of
gravitational radiation.
At the same time, we are undertaking
an experimentalistudy of the effect of acceleration on the rates of natural clocks. Thi
hods, then the atievement til am be notable toe benig one of the anst
major scientific discoveries or inventions to their credit. This is not meant in
any derogatory sense, for the Americans might well rest content with their
great reputation for the subsequent development and'application on a vast
scale of the ideas of others. Nevertheless, it remains an historical fact (possibly
„an historical accident) that more original thought has tended, in the past, to
emanate from Europe-together (let us admit) with a lot of short-sightedness
about its application.
'ortune with "electro-gravitics" if they succeed in producing an anti pra vot
" If they succeed in producing an anti-graviti
device, they will have revolutionized a good deal more than astronautics.
Aeronautics, too, fairly obviously, but consider also the effects on the design
and construction of buildings and other structures, the effect on the use of
cranes, lifts, escalators, stairways—in fact, each and every kind of lifting device
known to man. Very possibly, too, such a revolution would extend into almost
all classes of machine, especially those producing, storing, or transforming power.
This publication, however, is concerned with astronautics, so let us return
to the thought of the interesting probiem awaiting Prof. Derek Lawden, or
someone of his kind, in deriving all the equations of motion for a spaceship
which could reverse, to any desired degree, the gravitational forces acting upon
it from adjacent celestial bodies! And the rocket, after all the work and hopes
La ished upon in be a coupc a venerationhich ever theatronautical way
REFERENCE
(1) A. V. Cleaver, J.B.I.S., 1847, 6, 127.
Index to the Journal, 1956, Vol. 15
It is regretted that pressure of other work has delayed the preparation of the
index for Vol. Iõ of the Joural. It is expected that it will prove possible to
distribute the index with the July-September issue of the Journal.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 187, "chars": 1249, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*************
***********************
THE BIEFELD-BROWN EFFECT
Carl Frederick Krafft
This interesting phenomenon consists of the tendency of a
charged electric condenser to move in the direction of the posi-
tive pole, despite the principle of action and reaction.
In an electric condenser, just as
in a hydrogen atom, there
is a direct flow of ether from the positive charge to the nega-
tive charge. Since the ether is incompressible, its streamlines
cannot come to abrupt ends within the charges.
The positive
charge must therefore take the ether in from the surroundings
and the negative charge must deliver it to the surroundings.
This will necessarily diminish the external ether pressure on
the positive side and increase it on the negative side.
due to pressure genient in the eater then such & dyleresce
of ether pressure on the two sides of a condenser should force
the entire condenser in the direction of the side that cairies
the positive charge, exactly as has been observed experimentally.
A charged condenser.
should therefore weigh more when its positive
side faces down than when it faces up.
(Reprinted from BRE's ROUND ROBIN, Vol. XII, No. 3, Sept-Oct 1957)
1. Barderland Research
Mar-ApI 1987 JBR, Page 11
43(2) MonaL-Apil
' 87

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1734, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 1-
THE FLYING SAUCER
A SIMPLIFIED EXPLANATION OF THE APPLICATION
OF THE BIEFELD-BROWN EFFECT TO THE SOLUTION
OF THE PROBLEMS OF SPACE NAVIGATION
by
Mason Rose, Ph.D., President
University for Social Research A "DEFUNCT"
ine scientist and layman alike encounter a primary difficulty in under-
standing the Biefeld-Brown effect and its relation to the solution of
the Ilying saucer mystery.
This difficulty lies in the fact that scientist and layman alike think
in electromagnetic concepts, whereas the Biefeld-Brown ellect relates
to electrogravitation.
Neither scientist nor layman can be expected to know the details of
electrogravitation, inasmuch as it is a comparatively recent and
unpublished development. Townsend Brown is the discoverer of electro-
Io date, Townsend Brown is the only know experinental scientist in
this new area of scientific development.
Thus anyone who wishes
understand electrogravitation and its application to astronautics must
•be prepared to lay aside the commonly known principles of electro-
magnetics in order
to grasp the essentially different principles of
electrogravitation.' Electrogravitational effects do not obey the known
principles of electromagnetisn. Electrogravitation must be understood
as an entirely new field of scientific investigation and technical
development.
Perhaps the most efficient method of inducing an understanding of
electrogravitation is to review the evolutionary development of
electromagnetisn.
From the smallest atom. to the largesv g. 2XY, the unverse _aporates
on three basic forces, namely, Eleciricity,
Magnetism and Gravitation.
These three forces can be represented as follows:
ELECTRICITY
:
:
"C"
MAGNETISM
GRAVITATION
"SPIN"
UNCHARGED
.-
CHARGED
CHARGED

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2635, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
2
Taken separately, neither is of much practical use.
Electricity by
itsell is static electricity and therefore functionless. It will make
your hair stand on end, but that is about all.
Magnetism by itself has very lew practical applications aside from the
magnetic compass, wnereas gravity simply keeps objects and people
pinned to the earth.
However, when these are coupled to work in conbination with each other,
almost
endless, technical
‚applications arise. To date, our total !
electrical development is based on the coupling of electricity with
magnetism,
which provides the basis for the countless uses we make
of electricity in modern societies.
work in 1865.
Ine application of electromagnetism to microscopic and sub-microscopic
particles was accomplished by Max Planck's work in quantum physics
about 1890; and then in 1905 Einstein cane forward with relativity,
which dealt with gravitation as
universal mechanics.
applied to celestial bodies and
It 15 principally out of the work of these Iour, great scientists that
our electrical developments, ranging from the simple light bulb to the
complexities of nuclear physics, have emerged.
In 1923, Professor Biefeld of Dennision University suggested to his
protege,
Townsend Brown, certain experiments which led to the discovery.
of the Biefeld-Brown eflect and ultimately, to the electrogravitat-
After 28 years of investigation by Brown into
this deer poet between electricity and gravitation Brown
i
that for each electromagnetic phenomenon there exists an electro-
gravitational analogue.
This means, from the technical and connercial
viewpoint, potentialities for future development and exploitation as
great or greater than the present electrical industry.
When one consid-..
ers that electromagnetism is basic to the telephone,
telegraph, radio,
television, radar, electric generators and motors, power production
and distribution,
and is a7 indispensible adjunct to transportation of
al, kinds,
one can see that the possiblity oi a parallel, but different,.
developnent in electrogravitation has almost unlimited prospects.
The iles empirical experiments conductso by lownsend Brown hao the
characteristic of simplicity which has marked most other great scien-.
tific advancements.
These concerned the beha:ior of a condenser wher
charged with electricity.
The first startling revelation was that if placed in free suspension
with the poles horizontal, the condenser, when charged, exhibited a
forwara thrust toward the positive pole.
A reversal of polarity caused
L oi the direction ol the thrust.
The experiment was set up
as follows:
X
UNCHARGED
CHARGED
CHARGED

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 347, "chars": 2243, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-3-
The antigravity effect of vertical thrust is demonstrated by balancing
is condenser on a beam balance and then charging it. After charging, if
the positive pole is pointed upward, the condenser moves, up.
Il the charge is reversed and the positive pole pointed downward; the
condenser thrusts down.
The
experiment is conducted as follows:
UNCHARGED
CHARGED
CHARGED
These two simple exreriments demonstrate what is now known as the
Biefeld-Brown effect.
It is the first and, to the best of ouř knowledg
the only method of affecting a gravitational field by electrical means.
It contains the seeds of"control or grarity by man. The intensity of
the effect is determined by five factors, which are:
1.
¡he separation of the plates of the condenser, the closer the plate
the greater the effect.
2.
The ability of the material between the plates to store electrical
energy in the form of elastic stress.
A measure of this ability is
called the "K" of the material. The higher the "K", the greater t}
Biefeld-Brown eflect.
3. Ihe area of the plates, the greater area giving the greater effect.
4. The voltage difference between the plates, more voltage, more effer
5. The mass of the material between the plates, the greater the mass,
the greater the effect.
It is this fifth point which is inexplicable from the electromagnetic
viewpoint and which provides the connection with gravitation.
This was a
rerolutionary
method of terrestial and extra-terrestial flight, pres-
ented for experiment while motor propelled planes were yet in a
prinitive stage.
Inis engineering feat by Iownsend Brown, was all the more remarkable
when we
consider
such a machine produces thrust with no moving parts,
does not use any aerodynamic principles of flight, and has neither
control suriaces,
nor a propeller.
Townsend Brown had discovered the
secret of how the flying saucers Ily, years before any such objects
were reported.
NOW
that the basic difference between electromagnetism and electro-
gravity has been indicated and the basic principles of the Biefeld-
Broin effect have been outlined, we are finally ready to understand
the principles of astronautics or the conquest oi space.
*-il; "ELECTROGRAVITIE FORCE"
*M(IA) «MC! [Wler"= CAPACITANCE in "FARADS

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1916, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SeR
P.9
=4-
The earth creates and is surrounded with a gravitational field which
approaches zero as we go far into space.
This field presses objects
and people to
the earth's surface; hence it presses a şaucer object
to the earth.
However, through the utilization of the Bieleld-Brown ellest, the
flying saucer can generate an electrogravitational field Of its orm,
which nodities the earth's field.
This field acts like a wave, with the negative pole at the top. oi the
nave and the positive tole at the botiom,
the saucer travels like a
surfboard on the incline of a wave that is kept continually moving by
the saucer's electrogravitational generator.
Since the orientation of the field can be controlled, the saucer can
thus travel on its own continuously generated wave in ans desired angle
or direction of flight.
The method of controlling the flight of the saucer is illustrated by
the iollowing simple diagrams showing the charge variations necessary
to accomplish
all directions of flignt•
-
+
Forward→
- Reverse
Up
DOWnI
+
+
Forward-up
Forward-down
+
Reverse-up
L Reverse-down
Since the saucer always moves toward its positive pole,
the control of
the saucer is accomplished by varying the orientation of the positive
charge.
•Control, thereiore, is gained by switching charges rather than
by control surfaces.
Since the saucer is travelling on the incline of
a continually moving wave which it generates to modiiy the earth's
gravitational field, no mechanical propulsion is necessary.
Once ve understard that the horizontal and vertical controls are
obtained by shifting the positive pole which turns the field, then we
are in a position to extrapolate a finished saucer design.
The top view would be as follows:
+
Charged segments of the rim
Charge is shifted to change direction
+
-
Upper plate charged positive, lower negative, for lift, resultant
directior between thrust and lift indicated by arrow.

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1894, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-5-
The saucer's edge would contain a number of conductor segments, and
saucer would turn in any direction simply by shifting the positive
and negati:e charges to appropriate positions along its edge.
The vertical thrust would be regulated by varying the positive charge
on top of the saucer, the amount of thrust being regulated by the
amount oi charge generated.
Flying saucers in all probability do not utilize external controls for
direction, nor do they have
any visible means of propulsion.
The
Ilying saucers ily on
an entirely new principle, namely, the Biefeld-
Brown electrogravitational eifect, and hence do
• not utilize any of
'the standard aerodynamic principles of an airfoil.
Flying saucers
cannot be understood irom the traditional principles of aeronautical
engineering.
*I
To understand the Ilying saucers an individual must temporarily bypass
these points of view,
to learn about a new principle, The Bieleld-
Brown electrogravitational effect, and then return to the older points
of view for critical, theoretical analysis and empirical testing.
Years ago, iong-before saucers
as such were reported by observance,
Townsend
Brown de eloped a captive lying saucer,
that is, a scale
model saucer with a free bearing going around a stationary pole.
Brown did not start with round objects, in lact,
the first object that
Ilew, was a triangle (1), the next a square (2), then a square with
the edges cut oil (3), and linally a round shaped saucer (4).
The evolutionary development could be graphically expressed as
Iollows:
4.
Since experiments proved the saucer shape most effective, the changes
were made for empirical reasons.
Having solved the problem of horizontal thrust, Townsend Brown
developed a profile shape which would be most
efficient to shape
the electrograritational lleld 10r maximun vertical thrust.
final-profile that developed was the shape illustrated here:

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 488, "chars": 3172, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-6-
The first report oi a diso shaped object in the sky dates back to the
sixteenth
century. At long intervals during the centuries since have
come other reports. Most o: them are undoubtedly unreliable as obser-
rations, distorted
by telling and retelling. But in these older reports.
as well as in the very numerous series which has accumulated since 1947,
there is a teasing common thread concerning appearance and beharior
very insecure.
which makes anx certainties about the unreality of ilying saucers
One o" the great difficulties in substantiation of these reports is
that in both appearance and behavior,
these objects seem to be simpler
scientific impossibilities.
Here are sone of the reasons advanced by
technical men
to proye the impossibility or devices such as the reports
describe:
The reports reveal, in most cases, no method or propulsion which can
* be understood. there are no propellers incany of the reports.
Some of
the reports describe a long flame jet trailing behind a cigar-shaped
object.
But this Ilame is orange red in color, indicating an inefficient
combustion which would make it inel:ective as a reaction jet such as
propels rockets and jet planes.
capable on explaining the observed mothen drome obsees taws scemea
The reports describe a range of speed and acceleration from station-
ary hovering to speeds greater than present day rockets can deliver,
and
the changes of rate of motion.
the accelerations, are far beyond the
capacities of any known man-made vehicles.
Flight experts point out
that such accelerations would impose impossible stresses on any human
or human-like occupants. Therefore, they say, the reports must be
Ialse or erronious.
Many of the reports concern night sightings and describe a glow,
usually ol blue or «oblet color, aroună a periphery oi the objects.
Physicists ha'e noted that such a glow is characteristic of a very
high voltage electrical discharge, but add that this suggests no
means of explaining the appezrance or behavior of the objects
s described
in the reports.
The description oi shapes and periormance seems to indicate a com-
plete or almost complete disregard o-
aerodynamic principles. The
objects seem not to need the support oi air as a plane does, nór to +
depend on the lilt provided by properly designed suriaces movea
rapidly through the air medium.
These are weighty argurerts, PRO:IDED THE ASSUMPTIONS BEHIND THEM ARE
CORRECT.
But now comes physicist Townsend Brown, who has spent the last
28 years exploring the consequences of a simple experiment he períormed"
at the suggestion 0i DI. Bieleld in 1923.
Di. Bieield, professor of
physics and astronomy at Dennision University, Iormer classmate oi
Einstein in Switzerland,
electrical charge.
Townsend Brown provided the answer.
a tendency.
But the attempt to understand and explain this motion has
occupied him ever since, and led to discoveries of truly basic importanci
The observed motion of a charged condenser has been labeled the Biefeld-
Brown effect. Studying this effect, Brown pointed out in 1923 that this
tendency of a charged condenser to more might easily grow into a new
and basically different nethod of propulsion.

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 531, "chars": 3365, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-7-
"SAucer"!
By 1926 he had described
a "space-çar" utilizing this new principle.
By 1928 he had built wurking models of a boat propelled in
this manner.
Ву 1938 he had shown that his specialiy designed condensers not only
moved, but had certain interesting eflects on plants and animals.
All of this, while very exciting, is for nost of
us just a repetition
of the story scientific development so characteristic of our age. But
now comes the unexpected. Iownsend Brown, working in his laboraiory
bullding models and trying endiess variations oi size, shape and desigr
•I his charged condensers,
made a flying saucer which
around a
maypole, BEFORE _FLYING SAUCERS BECAME A NEWSPAPER TOPIC.
AND THE REASONS
LISTED ABOVE, WHICH LED THE SPECIALISTS IO REJECI THE REPORTS ON OBSER-.
VED SAUCERS,
PROVED TO BE BOTH EXPLICABLE AND NECESSARY TO THEIR
OPERATION UNDER THE ELECTROGRAVITATIONAL PRINCIPLE.
Let us look at the four main objections in a'new light:
1. No understood method of propulsion. The saucers made by Brown have
no propellers, no jets, no moving parts at all.
They create a modific-.
ation of the
gravitational field around themselves,
which is analogous
to putting them on the incline of a hill. Théy act like a surfboard on
The surfboard noves without propellers or jets too.
But it is
confined to the direction and speed of the water wave.
The electro-
gravitational saucer creates its own "hill", which is
a local distort-
ion of the gravitational field,
chosen direction and at any rate.
then it takes this "hill" with it in any
The second objection concerned the tremendous accelerations which,
on the basis of previous technology, would subject any animal occupants
to unbearable stresses.
, But, says Brown, the occupants of one of his
saucers would feel no stress
at all, no matter how sharp the turn or
how great the acceleration.
I'his is because the ship and the occupants
and the load are all responding equally to the wavelike distortion
of the local gravitational field.
In an airplane the propeller pumps
'air backward and by reaction itself moves forward.
The reaction thrust
on the propeller is transferred to the frane oi the aircraft. This
frame then shoves the load and occupants forward CONTRARY TO THEIR
NATURAL TENDENCY TO MOVE AT A CONSIANI RATE IN A CONSTANI DIRECTION.
But in the saucer no such transfers of thrust from one member to another
The entire assembly moves inunison in response to the locally
modified gravitational field. The nearest analogy in our experience
is going down in an elevator. When the elevator starts down, it is not
necessary for the elevator to shove on our bodies, both elevator and
passengers share a gravitational tendency to move down.
They do so
without and shoving. of.any stresses between elevator and passengers.
Townsend Brown's saucers require a highly chargeg leading edge, the
positive pole.
But such a charged pole produces an electrical corona.
In the largest models made, this developes a decided bluish-violet glow
easily visible in darkness
or a dim light.
A fuld scale ship oper-
ating on this principle vorld be expected to produce a spectacułar
corona effect visible for many miles.
4.
The outlines and shape of Brown's saucers were the result of
electrogravitational considerations, not the result of wing tunnel
tests of aerocynamic desiens.
*— Where 1s all this perearch NoW?

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 431, "chars": 2911, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 8-
For they
• move, not on the lilt of air, but on the lift of a modified
gravitational
field. In operating saucers such aerodynamic consider-
ations vould have to be taken into account to reduce drag and friction,
but nut to produce lift and thrust.
and. Iinally, wen Brown turned his attention to improved ways of
generating high voltages, the most promising new method involved the
use of a flame jet to convey negative charges aster.
This flame was
relatively inefficient as a generator if it was adjusted for the best.
combustion of the Juel.
But if it was adjusted to an orange-red color,
indicating incomplete combustion of fuel, it conveyed the charges
very effeatively and set up the required
pegative space charge behind
the ship.
The reasons advanced by the experts to "explain away" the saucer
reports, when seen from a new and different viewpoint, appear to be
the specific reasons why they caz operate, on electrogravitational
rather than electromagnetic principles.
The next opinion which must be corrected is the idea of overly intens-
¡fied supersonic vibration.
The Townsend Brown experiments indicate
that the positive field which is travelling in front of the saucer
acts as a buffer wing which starts moving the air out of the way.
This immaterial electrogravitational field
acts as an entering wedge
which softens the supersonic barrier, thus 'allowing the material
leading edge of the saucer to enter into a softened pressure area.
Diagrammed, this would be Illustrated as follows:
===-
The University for Social Research is ready to offer this experimental
finding to the jet airplane and guided/missile industry as a practical
method of softening the supersonic barrier.
should be noted that in a jet plane or guided missile the extra
weight added to create the Biefeld-Brown flectrogravitational effect
would be compensated for by the added thrust created by the movement
of the plans toward the positive field created in front of the leading
edge.
As we have previously stated, tor every known electromagnetic effect
there is an analagous flectrogravitational effect but electrograv-.
stational application and results differ Ixom those of electromag-
netic. ¡Ihis presupposes that an entirely new electrogravitational
industry comparable to the present electromagnetic industry will
emerge from the theoretical formulations and empirical experiments
of Townsend Brown.
p.x7!
The University for Social Research, in presenting the Biefeld-Brown
electrogravitational effect, offers to the world new vistas oi increaser
production, betterment of human living and additional economic
stability to all countries
Mason Rose, Pn. Do, President
University for Social Research.
April 8, 1952.
Tit. Bron speut 27EASS as "CONSULTAN'"for FRENCH" MeNSTRy of AirCrAft!) CoNSTANCTAN"
T, Browns REseARcHes are available fom WILLAM L, MOORE, 4219 W, OLIVE (SUITE 247),
BURBANK, (ALIFI, 91505, U.S.t

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 523, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
- ane
= , _ oa 3%
ype TE A eee ati
= : c oar -- ta Lag 2 &
aes eT a cg Cl it fen
ao iad. > hn
ee -_ 7 ;

ia

-73 reer ere eee = ite se .
—_——" ; <a |
-9" Bill WHAMONA
NKonbresl
— APPEND/X —~
"FL P $ " =—e «Af . ‘ + y fF 4 &
CHT — Puysics ' an pork He WIGHSLH OLE. “PHYStS “ofa “RAMP.
“ i
ALTITUDE
&
(above EARTH) O64.
OS,
O°6 |
07 |

o:g |————

019

“as ivy;

EARTH'S
SVR FACE
tt 4
PLy/NG - SAVCER SURF BOARDING along On £ of
3
EARTH's “GRAWTATIONAL ERQUIPOTENTIAL ~ LINES,
(E a, tha “EECTRIC FIELD ASTRENVGTA " Yecror ),

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2074, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"'
GRAVITY IS A PUSH"
W.C.WRIGHT
comets bare long puzzler the seience commity bacsure as comats approsch bearerly bodies
they are deflected around those beatenly bodies that are in their patba..... IRao Norta
stated back in the 17th Century that the ATTRACTION botreea KASSIS mould be GETLER the
CLOSER nanDas becern sa ragard to coe enotber. Jala phynice, nodal reat demacotrato mty
the theory of gravity being an ATTRACTION has pussled the aciends accramity.
apply Wright's theory of gravity belag a remotio repalaion betroan all basrarly bodios,
then you won't be pussied.
On October 19, 1980, Dr. Carl Sagan
(MODEL 82. )
prosontod his 4th sageant. of his
(HOID IN PLACE)
$8, 000,000 production callad casios.
Ho said the odds for a canet to hit
PITEE
• another body in space 1s I billion
: to 1 and he demonstrated this rith
animatod dravinge, but nothing paya-
10x1. Don't you find that a tery odd
May to demonstrate thís speco action?
IISTRUCTIONS HOM TO OPERATE NODEL:
I Pleco this experinent on top of a hard non-
magpotie surface such as a pioco of plymood
(HOID IN PICE)
or & deige hardbound book.
Place the ungrats on the colors shorn with their
painted sidos up.
BLUE
3.
Hold the Blue and fad magnets in place and then retso
SATUED
the plrood or hardbound book, so the Green ragnot (a
cossot.) VIlI. alide and deflect around the Blue angrot
(Satura) and the Bad magrot (Jupiter).
40 Jou just sam hox Hallor'a Canet reacts as It approsches
our planeta every 76 Joars. Halley's Coast can be alomed
dom as much es 15 months 11 Chant Setura and Giant Jupiter
are ia its reja
So TIRACTICA OP MASSES mould apply heroi
IT'S PUZZLING to understaad hon Herton's thoory of an.
6.
It 1s Tory easy to underatend this ection in outer space
If you apply the tboory of gravity bolng a MAGNETIC REPULSION,
%.
Halley's Coset last appeared in 1910 and It 1s due back eround
1986.
(SLIDE)
(On November 18, 1980 this theory was presented
in the Ottowa University Extension Program, and
I was received very favorably.)
GREEN
HAILEY'S
COLET
(RAIT THE PITFOOD OR HARDBOUND BOOK HERE.)

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 351, "chars": 2248, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-UNIVERSAI GRAVITI COUID ES A KAGHSTIC PUSH-.
In North Poles on theso aagpets are peinted Bed, Grest and Blue.
Ihoso experiseato are so dosigred that the LIKR POIES on all three ragrats oppose anab
othor and the basic lan of nagaetian stater-"LIKK MAGETIC POLES EBPBI".
Ion will find these experinents, regariless ol your ago, vory TaselnatiDs, interosting
and oducational.
They shouia not be considerod a toy.
Ine #right trarity ineory
physically prorides eridenos that gravity coald be a PISH batieon all heavanly, bodies.
PIBASE IET AT IRAST 2 STUDENIS IN PHISICS WORK THESE NODEIS.
Similar sketches can be found in science books dopioting
how our universe is expanding faster and fastor each and
every second In ringa based on the BIG BANG THEORY.
NAUPINIS INSURANGE COMPANY IS IOCATED AT 1652 HEST
TEXAS SIO, SUITS 102, PAIRPIBID, CALIPORNIA.
THESE WAGNEIS CAN EE PUBCHASED AT BADIO SHACK LOCA TSD
IN FAIRFIEID AI 2449 NORTH IRXAS ST.
Model #I.
BLUE
INSTRUCTIONS HOW IO OFERATE THIS BIG BANG MODEL.
I. HOID the ragnets on the coloss shom with their painted
rídes up.
20 Rolease all three nagrets at the sano tine and they will
expand or PUSH apart very rapidly.
i Saptenber 28, 1980, Dr. Caru sagan prosentoa thi
GREEN
'irst segaent of hia 18,000,000 production callo
"COstas". He shored the lig Bang Theory with Ilash-
ing colored lights but no physical morking models.
Doesn't that strike you as being very odd? Mright's
Big Bang Hodol sbown here coat aboat 25 cents and it
does provide physical eridance to support his thoory
that gravity could be a ragsetle ropelling lactot.
On October II, 1980, #right sert this model to Dr. Carl Sagan Ior hin eralnation.
A full set (4 expersinents) Of theae modela :DONATION- 25 cents.
They will be mailed to you
vis Firat Clasa Hall I0r only $1.D0, Addross is M.C.MRIGHT732 Ohio St., Fairfiola, Calit.
94533. (707) 429-0598. Ky bardbound book called GRAVITI IS A PUSH sells 205 $7.00.
(Naguets bare almays been very Iascínating to aost pooplo. Inose inguets whon parchasod cost
about 15 cents aplece. They sro choaper in lots of 100. Tou are gotting those models and
magrets for oniy 25 centa due to MAUPIIS INSURANCE,
Cp. AiD PADIO SRACh ShUiL DBOVE.
S BAIUL PO BEIR INTEREST IN THE TEORI. W C.Uant.

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2468, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
North
I North
GREEN
(HOON)
BLE
(BARTH)
Firi
similer auntch can be found in a book call
daalori of too loon" by Muta
he Jarth and the loon èro beta large ragrat
ith thats Korth and South Palon Opporing der
South
south
' Bejenoe boats itato that "LIES POLES BEPSI".
HOW TO OPERATS IHIS MODEL.
1. Place the Green Magnet (loon) on color aboie.
2, Place the Elue Hagnet (TATIH) on color aboric.
3. Hove the Groan Kagnet (loan) tomards the Blue Hagpot (Harth) and the Blue Kegaot wIll
Do repelled amar. (This sketch prorides eridenoo to support the Wright theory that
atatos that gravity could be a magnotio rapulsion botinen all bodies. in space.
"The Greatest Scientist Of The 20th Century" Einstein, back in the carly 1900°, said that
heavenly bodies do not "pull" each other and objects are "pushed down" to Earth. He tried
to write a set of equations that would unite gravity and electro-magnetiam but he failed.
I vill non shor some of iny formilas.
2
188
188
Symbols
I= legaliles from orbiting body.
mps
mps a miles per second it orbit.
ko = key number.
(Example--""M for Earth ia 93 mega-Miles from Suno)
188 = a babie number.
These formulas are electronic oriented and that 1s vhy I vas able to vrite them because I
felt electro-negnetian could be rolated to gravity. (Thie mas Ilnstein'à bellos but {a11od.)
Ine key number for the planate that orbit the sun is 1,06.
H.C.#right—732 ohio St.
The key number for the satellites that orbit Kars is 2,350,
Fairfleld, Ca. 94533
The key number for the satellites that orbit Jupiter 1s 34-2.
(797) 429-0598. I have a
Ine key number for the satellites that orbit saturn is 62.25.
25 minute 811do-sound morie
the key number lor the satellites that orbit Uranus is 158.
If you rould care to see it.
ine key number tor the satellites that orbit Neptune 1s 147..
My hardbourd autographed book
The key number for our moon that orbits Earth is 618.
GRAVITI IS A PUSH 1s $7.00
I fool this key number can be applied to any body that is being orbited in the Universe.
Largely self-taught, Robert I. Jones of
NASA's Ames Research Center became
one of the world's leading aeronautical de-
signers. Among his contributions are the
principles of the swept wing and pivoting
wing.
Wight is 11ko Ensteis and RoToJones,
because be is self-taught, too.
"greatest thing about a self-taught
Posted be that l the yo in lo.
RajaJones is living proOf ol that.
(Did you on Einstoin man
¿ arif-taught drop-out?)
Nati.
•Geographie
Jan-1981 pg. 98.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2482, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hybrid Electrostatic/Acoustic Levitator
Particles and drops can be rotated and vibrated.
NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, California
A levitator for liquid drops and small par-
brated acoustically. Because the electro
ticles includes both electrostatic and
static and acoustic forces are independent
acoustic components for versatility in the
of each other, the hybrid levitator is
manipulation of samples. The sample is le-
especially suitable for studies of drop dyna-
vitated electrostatically and rotated or vi-
mics. Like all-acoustic or all electrostatic
systems, it can also be used in studies of
containerless material processing.
The levitator (see Figure 1) includes two
dish-shaped electrodes that generate the
levitating electrostatic field. A liquid.
Acoustic
Transducers
Upper
Electrode
Acoustic
Transducers
Acoustic
Chamber
Lower
Electrode
Injoction
Nozzle
Electrodes
From
Liquid
Raservoir
Figure 1. The Vertical Levltating Force Is applied to the sample by the upper and lower electrodes. Torques or vibrational forces In the hot!.
zontal plane are applied by the acoustic transducers.
injection nozzle enters the levitation char-
ber through a hole in the center of the
lower electrode. An acoustic transducer is
attached to each of two orthogonal vertical
faces 1o produce orthogonal acoustic
standing waves in the chamber.
To facilitate the adjustment and stabill-
zation of the vertical position of the sample,
the electrostatic portion of the levitator is
• controlled by a digital feedback system.
The acoustic transducers are locked to
each other in frequency and phase. To ap-
pry an acoustic torque to rotate the sample,
a phase difference of 90° is imposed. The
torque is varied by adjusting the amplitude
of the sound
A nonrotating sample can be made to
vibrate by foxing the phase difference at
zero and sinusoidally modulating the an-
plitude. Both a nonzero phase ditterence
and amplitude moduiation can be used to
15*=
produce rotation and vibration. If the sam-
ple is a liquid drop, it can be rotated until it
- iF
txt:
' breaks in two (see Figure 2). The levitator
Figure 2. An Electrically Charged W
slatically and rotaled acoustically ui
7.
* -
(mum in diameter was levitatod electro-
a dumbbell shape and broke apart.
can also manipulate aluminum shells,
glass shells, and wooden spheres.
This work was done by Won K Phim,
ugene H. Trinh, Sang K. Chúng, and
Daniel D. Eleman of Callach for NASA's
Jet Propuision Laboratory.
:NPO-1683

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1847, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
110
PRINCIPE D'INERTIE, EFFET MOSSBAUER...
énergétique des faisceaux dans les grands accélérateurs actuci-
lenent en service.
Une preuve expérimentale particulière de ce phénomène peul
être aisément donnéc en concentrant, sur une cible solide, le
faisceau infrarouge d'un laser de puissance. Les effers constalés
sont, sans ancie doute, le fair de particules ayant, dans le milieu
«'observation, une énergie bien. supérieure à celle, qu'un phoron
infrarouge isolé serais en mesure de fournir.
=
matérielle et
garentonnele PL. Villee
:
11
ÉLECTROGRAVITATION
ET PROPULSION ÉLECTROMAGNÉTIQUE
E..
Nous avons vu qu'une onde électromagnétique était accompa-
gnée d'un champ de gravitation égal a y = 3, ( 1 1). Ce
champ doit être, en général, extrêmement faible. Bien que nous
en ignorions la valeur exacte, p représente sans doute une énergie
très élevée.
Afin de pouvoir évaluer les possibilités que peut olfrir la creation
artificielle de champs de gravitation par l'intermédiaire des ondes
lectromagnétiques, il y a lieu d'envisager des experiences suscep
ibles de permettre la détermination de la valeur de cette densit
d'énergie diffuse p.
Dans ce but, il paraît opportun d'étudier l'action combinée
d'un champ électrique E et d'un champ magnétique H, de valeurs
élevées, perpendiculaires entre eux et variables en fonction du
temps, sur une masse d'épreuve de faibles dimensions, constituée
d'un matériau diélectrique qui n'entraîne què de très faibles
variations dans les lignes de champ aussi bien électrique que
magnétique. (fig. 15). En faisant passer rapidement le champ de
la valeur initiale Eo à l'instant zéro, à une valeur nulle atteinte
à l'instant O, nous pouvons écrire l'égalité :
-- (E A H) de,
¡g p
égalité dans laquelle Mi représente la masse de l'armature support
de 113.
En remarquant que y est égal a du, nous pouvons procéder

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 567, "chars": 3778, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
114
ÉLECTROGRAVITATION.
lération de gravitation ayant pour expression; y =
рб, (ЕЛ Н).
Nous avons dit, en effet, (§ 6, p. 62) que l'induction, B = 1llol1,
semble correspondre,
en réalité, à un champ magnétique qui
résulte de la superposition du champ d'excitation H et des champe
dO aux spins des de te ric faces ici de der..
gravitation doit
donc pouvoir prendre la valeur=
où #, représente la perméabilité relative du ferrite par rapport
au vide de matière. Il peut être alors procédé à une expérience
utilisant un équipage suspendu à un fil de torsion, par exemple,
(fig. 16) dont le bras horizontal supporte, à ses extrémités, deux
barreaux de ferrite polarisés en sens inverse. Ces barreaux peusens,
dans leurs déplacements, passer entre les armatures de deur
condensateurs.
—fil de torsion
•barreaux de ferrite
FIG. 16. — 1 chaque passage entrè les plateaux des condensascurs, l'iner-
sion du champ électrique fournit aux barreaux de ferrile, A er B, des
impulsions de gravitation qui doivent produire des oscillations du pendule
de torsion constitué par l'équipare suspendu.
En inversant le champ électrique à chaque passage des barreaux
de ferrite entre les armatures des condensateurs, il doit être pos-
sible, par l'intermédiaire des impulsions de gravitation qui en
résultent, de communiquer des oscillations entretenues à l'équi-
page suspendu par le fil de torsion.
Il importe de préciser que les expériences qui viennent, dans
!
... ET PROPULSION ÉLECTROMAGNÉTIQUE
115
leur généralité, d'être très sommairement décrites, n'ont pas,
pour l'instant, fait l'objet de réalisations pratiques. Il serait
surprenant, cependant, que le résultat n'en fût pas positif.
S'il existait des laboratoires où de telles expériences auraient
été faites et gardées secrètes, disons à leur encontre qu'il ne peut
y avoir de secret pour une découverte aussi simple et objective
et qu'elle se devait d'être largement et rapidement diffusée. La
connaissance doit être mise à la disposition du plus grand nombre,
et si elle ne l'était pas, elle ne pourrait avoir aucune valeur.
Nous avons vu qu'une onde électromagnétique transverse
est toujours accompagnée d'un champ de gravitation dont les
effets sont très faibles et probablement très difficilement mesurables.
Ces effets sont masqués, d'une part, par une densité d'énergie
difuse p, sans doute considérable, et par l'importance prépondé-
rante des actions électromagnétiques associées, d'autre part.
Il est donc difficile de mettre en œuvre un mode de propulsion
électrogravitationnel qui utiliserait des ondes électromagnétiques,
car il faudrait faire appel, avec un rendement médiocre, à des
énergies prohibitives.
Le calcul montre en effet, dans tous les cas, que la poussée
10W
obtenue, P = ¿ Dr, est proportionnelle à l'énergie éjectée par
unité de temps et inversement proportionnelle à la vitesse d'éjec-
tion. Cette dernière étant égale à la vitesse de propagation des
ondes électromagnétiques, la poussée est réduite à son minimum
pour une même énergie utilisée.
Afin d'obtenir une poussée de un kilo, par exemple, il faudrait
éjecter, sous forme d'ondes électromagnétiques, une énergie de
300 Mégajoules par seconde; soit une puissance de 300 Mégawatts.
Nous pouvons en déduire que tout espoir de mettre en œuvre
un moyen de propulsion économique, utilisant la Gravitation,
suppose, au préalable, la découverte d'une possibilité d'action
directe sur la répartition de la densité d'énergie diffuse p, sans
qu'il y ait émission d'ondes électromagnétiques.
La découverte d'une telle possibilité ne peut, il notre avis,
que résulter d'une connaissance plus approfondie des propriétés
de la matière, compte tenu des éléments nouveaux que révèle
la théorie développée qui repose sur l'existence de milieux énergé-
tiques diffus.

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 236, "chars": 1575, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
112
ÉLECTROG RAVITATION.
... ET PROPULSION ÉLECTROMAGNÉTIQUE
113
Eo
En et doit communiquer il la
masse m la quantité de mou
vement :
- 7o
à l'intégration des deux membres de l'égalité précédente et oblenir
entre les quantités de mouvement, la relation suivante :
(m1 + Mo = - " (Eo 1 Ho).
Eo et Ho étant perpendiculaires entre eux, nous pouvons,
connaissant la vitesse v, les masses et les champs, déterminer
la densité p cherchée :
PL. VII. — CET IMPOSANT RADIOTALESCOPE, INSTALLE A JODRELL BANK,
NE POSSÈDE OU'UN ÉTROIT CANAL OUVERT DANS LE SPECTRE DE L'ÉNER-
GIE ÉLECTROMAGNÉTIQUE DIFFUSE QUI PARCOURT L'IMMENSITÉ
1. "UNIVERS.
Pour des longueurs d'ondes correspondant à des fractions d'angström,
l'énergie diTuse non matérialisée semble ne pouvoir être détectée
que par ses ellets gravitationnels.
p=(m+M)
La difficulté d'une telle expérience réside, non seulement dans
la mesure de faibles vitesses, mais aussi dans le fait physique qu'il
est difficile, à la limite, de distinguer une force de gravitation
d'une action électromagnétique, puisqu'il s'agit, en réalité, des
deux aspects d'un même phénomène.
Il faut éviter, en particulier, des résonances avec les pseudo-
périodes de variation du champ qui peuvent se traduire par une
dissipation calorifique dans la matière mêne de la masse d'épreuve
et considérer, surtout, que l'expression, y = → 5, (E 1 Fl), n'est
valable, en principe, que pour une onde électromagnétique trans-
verse.
Il n'est pas impossiblé que l'utilisation de barreaux magnétiques
de ferrite permette plus facilement de mettre en évidence l'accé-

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2643, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
QUANȚIQUE ET GRAVITATIONNELLE
Il ne pouvait s'agir, dans cet ouvrage, d'étudier en détails
tous les phénomènes qui se trouvent expliqués par l'existence
des milieux énergétiques et la loi de matérialisation.
Le fait de retrouver, en partant des lois de l'électromagnétisme
classique, les équations de la Relativité, celles de la Mécanique
ondulatoire et de la Gravitation, sont des éléments que nous avon
juges sutisants pour affirmer que toutes les vérifications expé
rimentales relatives à chacune de ces théories, pouvaient, glo-
balernent, être portées à l'actif d'une théorie générale qui les
confirme.
Il existe, cependant, des résultats particuliers.
à retenir, qui sont, en résumé, les slivants Se
et nouveaux
- Lil constante de Planck, et la"vitesse de la lumière qui est
egale il la racine carrée du potentiel de Gravitation, ne sont pas
des constantes universelles; alors que la perméabilité do du vide
de matière peut être considérée comme telle,
et
1
— L'énergie équivalente à la masse, W = inc?, dont l'expres-
12, pois sabire piau pet ipes on trée danie, se crenaie
SES PERSPECTIVES
117
avec l'énergie potentielle de Gravitation de la masse m, W = niV.,
en une seule et même expression,
mV, = mc =
1'1
Ello
- toute onde électromagnétique transverse est accompagnée
d'un champ de gravitation qui a pour expression,
1 a
:
!
— pour de faibles variations, le potentiel de gravitation, Vu.
obéit à l'équation de propagation :
AV, - V.
° + 47kpm) = 0
Notons que la sommation vectorielle de champs de gravitation,
ou celle de champs électriques ou magnétiques, n'est possible,
en première approximation, que dans le cas de laibles variations
de la permittivité e, parce que ces champs participent à l'existence
même du milieu énergétique de propagation.
La découverte la plus importante est certainement celle de milieux
constitués d'énergie électromagnétique diffuse à haute concentration,
responsables des forces d'inertie es des accélérations gravifiques;
découverte qui ouure la voie à de nouvelles recherches.
L'existence de ces milieux diffus est confirmée par les champs
électromagnétiques et les champs de gravitation qui sont des
éléments mesurables et qui traduisent, avec certitude, l'existence
d'une énergie utilisable.
Les masses d'eau qui dévalent d'un barrage de retenue, par le
canal des conduites forcées, vers l'usine hydroelectrique, uulisent
l'énergie ditise de gravitation pour actionner les turbines. Cette
énergie diffuse est alors transformée, canalisée puis transportée,
à très basse fréquence, autour de conducteurs « haute tension »
qui utilisent la propriété des particules chargées de pouvoir conucn-
1414

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 692, "chars": 4596, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
118
ÉNERGÉTIQUE QUANTIQUE ET GRAVITATIONNELLE
en ou véhiculer celo énergie avec de faibles perles. Il est conne
se trouve, en majeure partie, localisée, sous forme diffuse, dans
l'espace extérieur au conducteur et que l'utilisation de champs
électriques élevés, correspondant à de hautes tensions, permet
d'augmenter la proportion de cette énergie extéricure avec, pour
conséquence, une diminution des pertes dans le conducteur sous
forme thermique (Effet Joule).
L'existence de cette énergie non-matérialisée, et qui n'est pas
thermodynamique, est également confirmée par la dématériali-
salion des neutrinos et par le
rayonnement cosmique diffus qui
prend naissance au sein des esprces intersidéraux où, comme nous
l'avons vu, la densité d'énergie diffuse est la plus élevée.
Essayons d'imaginer comment peut naitte une particule cos-
mique.
Quand le champ electrique tend, en un point de l'espace et
il hasard de ses fluctuations, à dépasser la valeur limite &, il doit
se produire une véritable « implosion», d'énergie. Les zones dis-
ruptives qui apparaissent, döivent provoquer une augmentation
de la permittivité.e et, par suite, une déformation des lignes de
force du champ électrique. La concentration qui en résulte entraîne
une dépression d'énergie diffuse au voisinage du photon cosmique
ainsi créé, lequel est projeté à la vitesse Tello
- dans la direction
de l'onde diffuse qui lui a donné naissance, tout en prélevant
une énergie proportionnelle à sa fréquence moyenne, W = 11m»
au chaos dilfus environnant. La matérialisation cosmique se pré-
senterait donc comme un véritable phénomène de « Négentropie ».
Si la répartition de l'énergie diflusé, est, aléatoire, il doit lui
correspondre une courbe de distribution dont le relevé, déterminé
expérimentalement, permettrait de connaître la densité d'énergie
la plus probable dans chaque domaine de fréquence y, u + di.
Cette courbe de distribution constitue, péut-être, la clef du mystère
de la stabilité des particules matérielles élémentaires, expliquant
la Radioactivité naturelle autant qu'artificielle.
Pourquoi les particules stables, électrons, protons noyaux
atomiques, et leurs anti-particules, ne correspondraient-ils pas
il des pics énergétiques de cette courbe particulière? (fig. 17).
La stabilité n'est pout-être, 'en somme, que la traduction d'un
phénomène de résonance qui
résulte de l'interaction
d'une
ait
SES PERSPECTIVES
119
particule avce le milieu diffus pour une fréquence correspondant
à l'un des pics de la courbe de distribution.
Et pourquoi les pics ne seraient-ils pas distribués selon la répar-
tition d'une décomposition en série de Fourier ?... avec deux
fréquences moyennes fondamentales se modulant l'une l'autre :
celle du proton y, et celle du neutron n. Le terme général de cette
intermodulation aurait très approximativement pour expression :
Ano COS (KOV,l- (0) Ax, cos (Ky 'nl - 41)
soit :
1/2Ano Ax, (cos (KoVp + 43Vn)- (40 + 41))
+ cos [(koV, - K14n)8 - (40-41)1}.
Si le produit Ako Ak, est maximal pour ko = k1, cela peut
expliquer la stabilité des noyaux dans lesquels le nombre de
nucléons se répartit également entre neutrons et protons. Cela
pourrait expliquer également l'existence et la stabilité des electrons
et des deutérons, correspondant à ko = k1 = 1.
Les décalages de pics dus aux superpositions pourraient expli-
quer aussi l'existence des énergies de liaison. La probabilité de
désintégration d'une particule d'énergie, E = /v, serait alors
d'autant plus faible que la dérivée correspondante du, sur la
courbe de distribution d'énergie diffuse, serait plus faible.
Cela devrait entraîner l'existence, entre les pics, de particules
métastables dont les durées de vic pourraient accuser d'assez
grandes variations suivant les fluctuations du milieu. Ces parti-
cules ne mériteraient-elles pas alors, d'être appelées « particules
étranges » ?... Pourquoi
ne correspondraient-elles
pas
aux
«mésons » dans la portion de courbe située entre le pic de l'électron
et celui du proton, et aux « baryons » entre le pic du proton et
celui du deutéron ?
Si cela était, les Physiciens nucléaires devraient découvrir,
à l'aide des accélérateurs de très haute énergie actuellement en
construction, de nouvelles particules métastables, des sortes « d'hyper-
baryons », se situant entre le pic du deutéron et celui de la parti-
cule a, et même au-delà. Le « triton » étant, parmi ces particules,
celle qui possède, probablement, la plus grande durée de vie.
Il n'est pas impossible que la radioactivité naturelle soit, final-
lement, la conséquence d'une instabilité due à la faible amplitude

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 395, "chars": 2516, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
120
ÉNERGÉTIQUE QUANTIQUE. ET GRAVITATIONNELLE
relative du pic énergétique qui correspond à un noyau radioactif,
comparée à celle des fluctuations statistiques du milieu ambiant.
Les hypothèses qui viennent d'être faites ne sont que des sug-
gestions susceptibles d'orienter les recherches vers une interpréta-
rion satisfaisante des phénomènes nucléaires. Nous pensons, cepen-
dant, que l'étude de ces phéitomènes en rapport avec la structure
intime de la matière et la physique en général, comme avec l'Astro-
nomie et la Cosmologie, ne penent plus, désormais, ignorer l'exis-
lence des milieux electromagnétiques aufs qui semblent constimer
la trame de notre Univers, nous obligeant, dans certains domaines,
è une révision profonde de nos conceptions scientifiques.
dE Densité d'énergie
dr i diffuse
proton
neutron
SES PERSPECTIVES
121
doutéron
électron
baryons
bayant ron
Ip t'h
sel'
Zipe Zin fréquence
particulés metastobles
FIC. 17. — Nous pouvons imaginer une courbe de distribution donnant
la densité la plus probable
d'énergie électromagnétique diffuse
elt
fonction de la fréquence,
el dans laquelle, les pics correspondraient
aux particules et noy'aux atomiques les plus stables. Dans cette courbe
le pic de l clectron aurait pour abscisse " est
SUr - dro. La dité-
rence lors correspond à l'énergie que l'on associe au neutrino et qui
traduit simplement l'échange d'énergio avec le milieu diTus.
Nous vivons certainement dans un monde en équilibre précaire
dont il nous faut, pas à pas, découvrir tous les liens secrets qui en
constituent la réalité causale, *si nous voulons avoir une chance
d'assurer l'avenir et la pérennité de notre espèce menacée par des
limiles, sans doute très étroites, dans, les conditions naturelles
de survie.
Si, par exemple, la fonction de distribution de l'énergie diffuse
est, comme il semblerait, responsabie de la stabilité de la matière,
il est sûr que le moindre décalage de fréquence relativement aux
pies de cette fonction, peut entraîner un effroyable cataclysme
qui transformerait,, presque instantanément, notre système solaire
en une gigantesque nova, ou même une supernova, où plus d'un
PL. VIII. — AMAS DE GALAXIES VUES AU GRAND TÉLESCOPE
DU MONT PALOMAR DANS UNE INFIME PARTIE DE L'HÉMISPHÈRE BORÉAL.
Ces multitudes d'Univers-iles, qui semblent peupler l'immensité du
Cosmos, correspondent à des condensations locales fantastiques
d'énergie matérialisée, bien que la densité d'énergie diffuse y soit
encore très élevée dans les régions interstellaires.
VALLÉE

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 592, "chars": 3905, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ÉNERGÉTIQUE QUANTIQUE ET GRAVITATIONNELLE
122
million d'années d'aventure humaine viendrait s'abîmer, sans
qu'aucune trace n'en subsistât, dans un fantastique embrasement.
Cela s'est déjà produit et se produit encore dans toutes les galaxies,
bien que la probabilité d'un tel bouleversement soit très
faible.
Pour éviter d'être les victimes ignorantes d'un sort aveugle
et implacable, pour avoir quelque chance d'agir sur notre destin,
nous devons prévoir y
et prévoir, c'est d'abord connaitre. Et
cela nécessite un ensemble de connaissances à la base, pragmati-
ques, simples et cohérentes,
Rappelons que la théorie: d'énergétique quantique et gravita-
tionnelle repose, essentiellement, sur, la possibilité d'une represen-
ration électromagnétique de toute densité de quantité de mouvement,
OmU = D 1 B, représentation suggérée, à l'origine, par l'exis-
tence du vecteur de Poynting. Ce lien, entre la mécanique classique
et l'électromagnétisme, nous fait découyrir alors que l'ensemble
des concepts de la mécanique, de l'optique et de la physique en
général, matière, énergie, potentiels, photons ou particules, peu-
vent être exprimés en, termes électromagnétiques établis à partir
des équations fondamentales de Maxwell-Ampère et de Maxwell-
Ne s'agit-il pas, en fait, d'urie véritable théorie unitaire ? qui
place l'électromagnétisme et l'électronique à la base de l'existence
même de la matière et de notre Univers sensible et observable.
Il serait, cependant, peu raisonnable de dire que cet Univers
n'est doué que de propriétés ‹électromagnétiques, parce qu'il
no nous est pas póssible d'exprimer "scientifiquement la nature
des choses. Mais nous pouvons amirmer par contre, parce qu'il
s'agit de rapports, que toutes les lois physiques actuellement
connues doivent pouvoir s'exprimer en termes qui relèvent de
l'électromagnétisme classique:
Notons qu'il n'existe; quant aux résulsats expérimentaux, aucun
conflit entre la théorie proposée, la Mécanique classique, la ther-
modynamique, la théorie quantique, la Mécanique ondulatoire.
la Relativité restreinte ou généralisée, que nous pouvons même,
à tout instant, invoquer comme preuves des hypothèses qui ont
été avancées. Nous devons, pourtant, rejeter de ces théories
certains principes a priori. Non pas que nous pensions devoir
les juger faux ou discutables, mais parce qu'ils sont devenus
arit
SES PERSPECTIVES
123
simplement inutiles et parfois nuisibles à la compréhension de
l'ensemble.
Nous avons montré, à l'aide des équations de Maxweil et des
transformations de Lorentz qui en sont issues, sans faire appel aux
principes relativistes, qu'a un milieu énergétique, en général,
pouvait être associée une masse d'inertie que nous avons calculée
(§ 2, p. 15). Nous avons démontré, en utilisant la loi de matériali-
sation, l'équation fondamentale de la Mécanique quantique
(9 4, p. 29) et celle de la Mécanique ondulatoire (§ 5, p. 46) qui
légitiment l'équation de Schrödinger dont les limites de validité
ont été précisées. Nous avons établi, finalement, les équations
des champs de gravitation, sans faire appel à la Relativité Générale
et en rejetant même le principe d'ume vitesse de la lumière, « Cons-
lante universelle ».
Nous ne doutons pas un seul instant, car c'est une réalité indé-
niable, que la Relativité pourrait parvenir aux mêmes résultats,
il condition, toutefois, d'y introduire les lois de l'électromagné-
tisme qu'il n'est pas possible de considérer comme une géométri-
sation de l'espace. Mais nous ne voyons pas l'intérêt qu'il y aurait
il maintenir des principes, dont l'utilité ne se justifie plus, qui
n'entraînent que des complications, se traduisent par des concep-
tions peu familières et risquent de conduire à des erreurs engendrées
par le brassage d'idées inhabituelles, abstraites et parfois dérou-
tantes, où notre logique finit par se perdre dans les dédales de
l'incertitude et des paradoxes.
VALLÉE
