{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T18:09:45Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 14, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1796372, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117957-an-interstellar-exploration-for-future-flight-h-d-froning-february-1991.pdf", "source_sha256": "d3feccf52d57002ac81ce08efe07a5549ff8b7c2751dbe0ba73fb8ddde32ecca"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 33, "chars": 264, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
MDC 91H7041
FEBRUARY 1991

ad —_ nm ee

AN INTERSTELLAR EXPLORATION
INITIATIVE FOR FUTURE FLIGHT

— a eee ee ee)

To be 3
Presented to
Twenity-Eighth Space Congress
Cocoa Beach, Florida

23-26 April 1991

McDonnell Douglas Space Systems Company

MCDONNELL DOUGLAS

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 477, "chars": 3143, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AN INTERSTELLAR EXPLORATION INITIATIVE
FOR FUTURE FLIGHT
XXXXxxxXX
McDonnell Douglas Space Systems Company*
Huntington Beach. California 92647
Abstract
Anexample is presented of a Space Exploration
Initiative (SED) that would maintain the rapid rate
of aerospace progress we accomplished in the past
and culminate in journeys to the stars. Such an SEI
would embody extremely long-term goals that:
challenge the human spirit, meet human needs and
set forth our intention to embark upon a manned
interstellar journey within 100 years after the first
human exploration of another celestial body (the
moon). Near term goals would be the same as
current SEI ones (establishment of Space Station
"Freedom", return to the moon, and manned
exploration of Mars) because they are the next
logical stepping stones to the stars. The paper
shows prospects for the kinds of future technical
breakthroughs which would maintain the rapid
rate of aerospace progress of our past and how
such breakthroughs might phase into SEI
architectures during coming years. Finally, it is
shown that an SEI that embodies an interstellar
initiative would not significantly impact current
spaceflight initiatives and plans. However, it
would require that a greater fraction of space
exploration funding be dedicated towards "far-
out" research for future flight.
Introduction
In the past, we expanded beyond the boundaries
of birth, then beyond countries and continents, and
even beyond the limits of earth. In the future, we
plan to extend human presence into the solar
system by establishing settlements on the moon
and Mars. The next logical steps in space after
human expansion throughout the solar system
would be travel beyond the solar system to the
stars. But although many interstellar flight studies
have been performed, very few interstellar
initiatives have been proposed. References 1, 2, 3
and 4 are some of the several documented ones this
author knows.
Here, most interstellar studies have been of
slower-than-light starships that embody
foreseeable spaceflight technology and have longer
mission times than the remaining lifetimes of
those who would be called upon to sponsor their
trips. Therefore, there has been little enthusiasm
for sponsoring interstellar initiatives that involve
such ships. But, discoveries of new sources of
energy and new modes of vehicle impulsion could
enable extremely swift starships that could share
some of the results of their interstellar explorations
with those who made possible their trips.
Furthermore, the kinds of scientific and
technological breakthroughs that would enable
new energy sources and modes of impulsion could
also help solve some of the severe environmental
and economic problems we will be facing in the
future on earth. Thus, this paper will examine an
interstellar initiative that strives for the kinds of
revolutionary breakthroughs that could take us to
the stars and meet future human needs on earth as
well.
* The views presented here are those of the author. They do not necessarily represent the views of
McDonnell Douglas with respect to either Interstellar Exploration Initiatives or the SEI.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2946, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
What if We Could Maintain the Aerospace
Progress of Our Past
The modern history of flight began
approximately 87 years ago with the Wright
Brothers first successful controlled and powered
flight above the sands of Kitty Hawk, North
Carolina in 1903. Since then, there have been
many significant advancements that have enabled
enormous progress during the first 87 years of
flight. Some of these, are shown in Figure 1.
1903
-A
First Successful Liquid
Rockst Fight -
First Jet Powered
Alrcraft Flight _ _
First superaono
Alrcraft Flight _ -
First Spaceflight
Around the Earth
Firat Manned Landing
on Another Workd.....
First Trip beyond
the Solar System.
1926
1938
1957
1959
1983
Figure I. Major Breakthroughs and Milestones During
the First Century of Flight
Past significant advancements are: the first
rocket and airbreathing vehicle flights (1926) and
(1939), first attainment of supersonic speed (1947),
first spaceflight around the earth (1957), first
manned landing upon the moon (1969) and first
travel beyond the solar system (by the Pioneer 10
spacecraft in 1983).
Itis not truly proper to view aerospace progress
as a smooth continual improvement, since (as
indicated in Figure 1) it is made in steps. Here,
improvement occurs fairly quickly with
introduction of a new capability, followed by a
slower rate of progress as the new capability is
perfected and refined. Nevertheless, we can look
back on our first 87 years of powered flight and
determine the average rate of improvement in
speed and distance covering capability that we
achieved.
The Wright Brothers' first powered flightabove
the earth was made at a speed of about 30 miles per
hour over a distance of about 150 feet. Today, 87
years later, mankind's longest flight is still
underway. For the Pioneer 10 spacecraft, traveling
faster than 30 thousand miles per hour, is still
transmitting data while more than 4 billion miles
from earth. Thus, we have made more than a
thousand-fold increase in flight speed during our
first 87 years of flight, while increasing our distance
covering capability by more than 200 billion times.
Furthermore, Figures 2 and 3 show that if we could
maintain our past average rate of progress during
the next 87 years of flight, we will havereached the
velocity of light and distant stars.
102
Vehicle Flight Speed/Light-Speed
10° -
10-2 - Pocket Fight
) Fusion rock
light (predictlo
10+-
by Jaffe)
10-5
Propagating Speed-of-Light
do O First aircraft flight
A Firan Argentinental
1900
1950
V First Mach 3
aircraft flight
2050
2000
Year (AD)
2100
Figure 2. If We Could Maintain Our Past Rate of
Improvement in Flight Speed, We Could Reach the
Speed-of-Light by 2075
1026
1020-
Distance trom Earth to M-31 nebula
1072-
Distance
108 -
Flight
108-
100€
• First aircraft
flight
A Fine manned
1900
1950
1
2000
Year (AD)
2050
2100
Figure 3. If We Could Maintain Our Past Rate of
Improvement in Flight Distance, We Could Reach Other
Galaxies by 2075
2

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 599, "chars": 4210, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Such rapid achievement of such seemingly
impossible things certainly appears preposterous
at this time. For just as faster-than-sound travel
and manned expeditions to the moon were not
foreseen by any technical person in 1903, so things
such as faster-than-light travel and intergalactic
expeditions cannot be envisioned today.
The Possibility of Impossible Things
Robert Browning once said, "By far the greatest
obstacle to the progress of science and to the
undertaking of new tasks and provinces therein, is
found in this-that men despair and think things
impossible," and there has never been a lack of
prestigious people to declare the impossibility of
future things. In 1885, Lord Kelvin, President of
the Royal Society, declared that "Heavier than air
flying machines are impossible." Charles Duell,
Director of the U.S. Patent Office in 1899
announced that, "Everything that can be invented
has already been invented." While in 1923, Robert
Millikan, winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics
proclaimed that, "There is no likelihood man can
ever tap the power of the atom."
Just as one must be cautious before accepting
authoritative statements on impossibility of future
things, so we must also be careful in attempting
precise predictions of extraordinary things that
might come to pass. Nevertheless, we can review
our past flight advances and the progress they
allowed and the kinds of future advances that
might enable comparable progress for future flight.
As advancement from newtonian to quantum
physics was needed for a better understanding of
the underlying structure of material things, so
Table 1 indicates that further advancement to a so-
called "meta physics" may be needed to reveal the
deeper essence of the vacuum of space and as
quantum physics enabled new technologies such
as solid-state electronics (that exploit
electromagnetic phenomenon within material
mass), so meta physics might enable new
technologies that would exploit electromagnetic
phenomenon within the vacuum of space.
Similarly, as revolutionary computational
developments have already evolved a significant
degree of artificial intelligence, so future
advancements may enable an even deeper fusion
of human intellect and thinking machines; and as
past material developments have emphasized heat
resistance and structural strength, so future
advancements may emphasize hyperconductivity
-- electrical properties and magnetic strength.
Some of the advancements and
achlevements that have enabled
signilicant progress during the
firat 87 yeara of powared flighi
Possible advancements and
achievements that may enable
comparable progress during the
next 87 years of powered tlight
New science: relativity theory and
quantum physics
ew technologies: solld sta
ectronics and photonic
cybemotics, composite materlals
How scienco: mets relalivity anc
quantum meta physica
dow technologies: vacuur
lectro madnetics. cavchr
cybernetics, hypercanductive
materials
aw sources of power: sal
nergy and nuclear energ
are ponterple of a vacuum
w modes of propulsion:
athing and rockat propulsi
Achievements: progression from
subsonlc to suparsonic fight
Achievements: progression from
subluminal to superluminal flight
Table I. Past and Future Possible Advancements
During the History of Flight
Furthermore, just as new sources of power
(solar and nuclear energy) were developed during
the first 87 years of powered flight, so new sources
(such as the "zero-point" electromagnetic energies
of the vacuum of space) might be perfected during
the second; and as advancement from propeller
propulsion to jet propulsion revolutionized air
transportation and enabled progression to
supersonic (faster-than-sound) speed, so it is seen
that advancement from jet propulsion to a new
mode of impulsion (such as field propulsion) might
be needed to revolutionize space transportation
and eventually enable transition to superluminal
(faster-than-light) state.
Possible Breakthroughs for Future Flight
This section will mention four of many possible
future breakthroughs that could enable our future
rate of aerospace progress to be comparable to that
of our past. These breakthroughs are fusion
propulsion, vacuum energy, field propulsion and
3

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 476, "chars": 3276, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
superluminal flight. However, these are only distance that are too short and small for the material
examples of many breakthrough possibilities for
senses to perceive. And, as shown in Figure 3, over
future flight. Forexample, "magnetic monopoles"
these submicroscopic scales the vacuum's vigor
(Reference 5) and "negative matter" (Reference 6)
and vitality is manifested in stupendous "zero-
are other propulsion possibilities not forbidden by
point" electromagnetic energy pulsations occurring
physical law that could revolutionize future
throughout the entire breadth, length, and depth of
spaceflight art.
cosmic space.
Fusion Propulsion
Thermonuclear fusion releases 50 million times
more energy (in terms of calories per gram of mass)
than chemical combustion of hydrogen fuel and
has long been recognized as a possibility forearth's
future energy and for propulsion or future flight.
Here, most fusion research has been directed
towards large systems to meet earth's enormous
future energy needs and, unfortunately,
achievement of fusion with such systems remains
very difficult to achieve. Thus, nuclear fusion has
generally been perceived as being too "far-out" for
propulsive use as well. However, recent studies in
the United States and the United Kingdom
(References 7 and 8) indicate that small magnetic
confinement fusion reactors, operated in a pulsed
mode, may be developable for space propulsion
much
sooner than more massive and powerful
machines, operated in a steady-state mode, can be
developed for terrestrial energy use.
Geometrical Fluctuations
within
Energy Fluctuations
_Time.
Vacuum Region
AC/L
T
Figure 3. Fluctuations in the Vacuum State of Space
Furthermore, estimates of the zero-pointenergy
density of the vacuum, given in References such as
9,10 and 11, indicate that a single cubic foot of so-
called "empty space" contains more than enough
References such as (7) indicate that fusion
zero-point energy to meet earth's total energy
propulsion systems could enable a 10- to 20-fold
needs for more than a million years. And, Reference
reduction in fuel consumption per pound of thrust 12 indicates that the enormous power achievable
and achieve speeds high enough to reduce Mars
with such stupendous energy could rapidly
trip times from about 300 to 30 days. Furthermore,
accelerate starships to nearly the speed of light.
neutron flux and radioactivity from fusion reactions
involving fuels such as deuterium and helium 3
may be mild enough such that ground testing
associated with nuclear fusion propulsion would
not cause environmental concerns as nuclear fission
propulsion would do.
Although there is some foreign interest in
vacuum energy research, there appears to be little
current interest in such research in the United
States. For just as distinguished scientists once
rejected the idea of tapping the nuclear energies of
the atom, so most scientists today doubt the
Vacuum Energy
feasibility of tapping the vacuumenergies of space.
Nevertheless, References such as 13 and 14 describe
Although the vacuum of space seems inert and
some of the ways that are being considered for
"empty," quantum theory reveals that it is teeming
extracting zero-point energy from the vacuum of
with vigor and vitality over scales of time and space.
4

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 600, "chars": 4043, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Field Propulsion
the impossibility of faster-than-light flight.
Nevertheless, only such ships could reach the further
Field propulsion systems would develop force
reaches of cosmic space and return to share the
by the action of fields instead of by expulsion of fruits of their expeditions with the people of earth.
mass, and certain types of these systems have
Therefore, it would appear worthwhile to examine
already been investigated with generally negative
some of the things that would have to happen in
results. Most of the investigated systems have been
order that the "light-barrier" be overcome.
based upon the classical laws of electrostatics and
electromagnetics, which allow force development
by either electric or magnetic repulsion or by the
inductive effect between electric and magnetic
fields.
Surpassing light speed in space would be
somewhat analogous to surpassing sound speed in
air. For justas Einstein's Special Relativity predicts
resistance to accelerated vehicie motion (its inertia)
becomes infinite at the speed of light, so simplified
Unfortunately, the forces developed by such
interactions are so small compared to the inert
weights of the electrical and magnetic components
needed to develop them, that the thrust-to-weight
ratios of field propulsion systems based upon our
current electromagnetic knowledge and state of the
art would be very inferior to those of rocket
propulsion systems today.
(Prantl Glauret) theories of aerodynamics predict
resistance to vehicle motion (its drag) becomes
infinite at the speed of sound. But, in actuality,
there is a change in the flow field about a vehicle as
its speed approaches sonic speed (which is not
accounted for in the simplified aerodynamic
theories) and this change prevents flight resistance
from becoming infinite at the speed of sound
Thus, some analogous change in field state (which
Since effective field propulsion systems would
is not accounted for in Special Relativity) may
require much more powerful interactions than those
have to prevent resistance to accelerated motion
achievable with our current electromagnetic
from becoming infinite at the speed of light.
knowledge and hardware state of the art, it is
conceivable that such interactions might have to
involve a coupling with the enormous vigor
contained within the vacuum's quantum dynamical
state. In this respect, Reference 15 describes some
possibilities for coupling with the space-time metric
associated with mass, gravitation and the vacuum's
dynamical state, while Reference 16 outlines ways
of evolving and testing field theories that reveal
how such couplings could occur.
Superluminal Flight
It, of course, is impossible to transition to
faster-than-light speed if such speed is absolutely
forbidden by valid law. But such a prohibition has
not yet been proved. For, Reference 17 shows
solutions to the Einstein General Relativity
equations that allow faster-than-light travel through
tunnels formed by warping space and held open
with special fields; and Reference 18 suggests that
warping space by means of highly charged, highly
excited nuclei might be possible with conceivable
advancements of our technical art.
Superluminal ships would be vehicle systems
Skeptics argue that faster-than-light
that could leave one location and arrive at another possibilities, such as those revealed in Reference
before light could travel between the two locations 17, can result in the effects of such travel preceding
in normal space. Thus, these ships would be causes (in some observer frames) and also the
somewhat analogous to supersonic aircraft that can possibility of time travel into the past. And such
change their location in the atmosphere faster than causality paradoxes can be circumvented only if
their sound can. Unfortunately, even hypothesizing the faster-than-light travel segments can be
superluminal ships is controversial since the accomplished so suddenly that there is no
overwhelming consensus of scientific opinion is opportunity for observers to argue about time
5

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2796, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ordering of events. In this respect, Reference 19
shows faster-than-light solutions to the Einstein
Special Relativity equations that enable
instantaneous travel within realms that contain
distance but no time at all. Such realms can be
visualized as rising "above" the spacetime realm
of existence of our material world. Therefore, just
as aircraft that exceed takeoff speed climb above
the length and breadth of earth, so Figure 4 shows
that spacecraft that exceed light speed would climb
"above" the length and breadth of space and time.
rocket propulsion breakthroughs would enable a
10-fold reduction in trip time for Mars expeditions
at a somewhat later date. Then, field propulsion
breakthroughs at a still later time could enable
much lower space transport costs (by enabling the
complete reusability and simpler operations of a
single propulsive stage) and a further significant
reduction in Mars transit time.
2000-
Chemical Rochet Propulsion
Expandibla Mutti-Stage
Transll Time - 300 days
2070-2000
/Starship Jump
In "Hyperspace"
IKT
Target Star
World-Lino
x-ct Space-Time
Plane-of-Existence
Earth at
Starship
Launch
Ship Reaches:
Light-Speed:
Figure 4. Space-Time-Tau Travel in "Hyperspace"
Nuclear Fusion Flocket Propulsion
Expendible Multi-Stage
Transh Time - 30 days"
Fisld Propulsion
Single Reusable Stage
Transit Time - 3 days'
Figure 5. Typical Mars Transportation Possibilities
Possible steps in the perfection of a new mode
of impulsion (such as field propulsion) are shown
in Figure 6.
Fied nia sal for tone go peeleration
rarel throughout aolar system in days
nelead of your
narceleration praise hir agroun
rel throughout the cosmos wit
normal lifatime of ship and et
It follows that faster-than-light solutions to
either Special or General Relativity require a
Cosmos of deeper dimensionality than the 4
dimensions of normal 3-D space and 1-D time,
with this deeper dimensionality needed to give
starships "room" for rapid transits to distant stars.
Phasing Technical Breakthrouchs into Our
Next Steps in Space
We have no choice but to use existing
spacetlight art in ournext steps in space. However,
future plans should provide for exploitation of
technical breakthroughs such as fusion and field
propulsion when and if they occur. As an example,
Figure 5 shows that only chemical rocket
propulsion (and perhaps certain near-term nuclear
fission systems) would be available for Mars trips
during the next several decades. However, fusion
brista reach and pelle ligh pachyon drive.
-Time -e
Tavel throughout the cosmos and raturn to shar
exploralion results with those on Eurth
Figure 6. Evolution of Field Propulsion
Here, if first generation systems could achieve
flight accelerations (and decelerations) in the 0.1
to 1.0 g range, it is seen that they could reach the
6

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 536, "chars": 3644, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
outermost planets of our solar system in less than
Just as Figure 1 shows significant milestones
90 days. Second generation systems which could
that have been associated with the first century of
null inertia within the ship, could rapidly accelerate
flight, so Figure 7 shows comparable milestones
to nearly light speed and reach even distant stars in
that might be associated with the next century of
short time intervals-as measured on-board the
flight. Here, it is seen that fusion propulsion could
• ship. Trips at nearly light speed to the nearest stars
enable the first rapid transits to Mars, while the
could also be fairly short in earth years-with
reduced travel times and costs made possible by
transmitted data being received about 10 years
field propulsion could enable the start of true space
after ship departures from earth. However, data
commerce by about 2025, and fast trips to the outer
could not be received quickly from long interstellar
planets before 2050. Itisalso seen that achievement
journeys because thousands of earth years would
of inertia-less flight could enable the enormous
elapse during such trips. However, if final perfection
acceleration and speed needed for relativistic
of field propulsion systems could enable light
interstellar probe missions by about 2050, and that
speed to be achieved and surpassed, round trips to
faster-than-light science and technology could
distant stars might be accomplished within the enable the first manned round-trip journeys to
lifetimes of the crew and the earthlings waiting the
distant stars by about 2075. Finally, further
outcomes of their trips.
perfection of faster-than-light flight would enable
embarkation on expeditions to other galaxies just
A Typical Schedule for Future Flight
before the next century ends.
Since one cannot forecast or legislate the exact
times technical breakthroughs will be made, it is
Can an SEI Help Meet Future Critical
Human Needs?
obviously impossible to lay out precise program
schedules and milestones for the next 100 years of
The most obstinate obstacle facing advocates
flight. Nevertheless, we can lay out a sample of space exploration is the general perception that
schedule of future flight advancements if we assume such exploration, having no real relevance to the
they could unfold with about the same average
practical issues of daily life is something to be
rapidity as flight advancements of the past. Figure
embarked upon only after critical human needs are
7 shows such a schedule of advancements for
met. By contrast, this section will contend that the
future flight.
most critical environmental, economic and social
problems facing earth in coming years can be
overcome only by the kinds of scientific and
1875
2000
2025
20,50
2075
2100
Irst expeditlo
amroth galax
technological advancements that are needed for
significant exploration of space.
Devalopment
Nucles:
ropulalon
nd powe
Valence anary
technology
technology
art of algnilen
mmerco haps
inst last tr
, outer pleno
Flrat
Taintiviatle
proba
4.-
First manned
tarshio trio
Fester-then-ligh
cience and
technology
C==
Figure 7. An Ambitious Schedule for Astronautical
Progress During the Next Century of Flight
In Table 2, critical human needs are somewhat
arbitrarily categorized into: bare essentials-energy,
resources, and environmental quality for a
reasonably healthy life; minimal needs-opportunity
for a useful and a productive life; and higher
needs—-aspirations and inspirations for a richer
and more satisfying life; and Table 2 shows that the
kinds of technical breakthroughs needed for real
space exploration can also help meet such human
needs.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 623, "chars": 4204, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Critical Human
Needs
W Needs Can Be Met by New Science a
chnology for Space Travel and Daily Li
environment for
increasing numbers
of people on earth
Minimal Needs:
Greater opportunity
for a useful and
productive life
Higher Needs:
Higher aspirations for
a much richer and
satisfying life
eakthroughs in science and technology
able new sources of "clean" energy f
Earth, and now modes of spaceship
propulsion for obtaining ample resources
ind revenues from space with acceptabl!
low travel time and cost
Creation of new careers and occupations in
nanufacturing and service industries - made
possible by breakthroughs in "clean" energy
development and low cost travel to apace
Motivation of people to grester achlevement
and understanding by participating in the
adventure of discovery and exploration and
the challenge of difficult things
Table 2. Kinds of Technical Breakthroughs That Would
Revolutionize Flight Would Meet Future Human Needs
as Well
Bare Essentials
Although ever increasing amounts of energy
will be needed for the ever increasing populations
of earth, continued burning of fossil fuels and
continued fission of nuclear fuels will eventually
cause unacceptable pollution and deterioration in
quality of life. Furthermore, significant amounts
of material from other bodies within our solar
system may also be needed to prevent eventual
depletion of the soils, forests, and mineral resources
of earth.
An almost unlimited energy source would be
the energies contained within the vacuum of space
itself. For the vacuum contains more than enough
"zero-point" electromagnetic energy to meet all
conceivable energy needs throughout the entire
future of earth. If such a stupendous energy source
could someday be tapped, it could not only meet
future terrestrial energy needs, but also become the
basis of an entirely new mode of space vehicle
impulsion (such as field propulsion) which could
enable economical acquisition of extraterrestrial
materials to preserve critical resources of earth.
Minimal Needs
Once bare essentials for life are met, the next
level of need is purposeful activity that gives one a
sense of worth. This, of course, is the need for new
jobs, occupations, and careers to enable earth's
ever-increasing numbers of individuals to live a
useful and productive life. The history of air
transportation is an example of how scientific
discovery and technological advancement can help
meet such human needs.
Here, aviation progressed steadily after the
Wright Brothers' first powered flight. But, it did
not really "takeoff" until a new science "quantum
physics" enabled the solid-state devices used in
today's avionics and micro-computers, and until a
new technology "jet propulsion" enabled
In this respect, energy obtained from nuclear
economical flight over long distances at high speed.
fusion of nuclear fuels such as deuterium and
This resulted in an air travel revolution which
helium 3 would result in much less radioactivity began approximately 60 years after the Wright
and pollution of earth than energy obtained from
Brothers' first flight. This air travel revolution
combustion of current fossil and nuclear fission
spawned a vast and still growing infrastructure of
fuels; and it has been mentioned that such energy
hotels, resorts, and tourist-travel industries that
would also enable much more propulsive power
have provided expansive new experiences and
than the chemical rocket propulsion systems we
productive careers for millions of people on earth.
have today. Solar energy beamed from orbiting
satellites on the moon has also been proposed as a
source of purely non-polluting power for earth.
However, development of space based solar energy
would require breakthroughs in propulsion
technology (to enable economic transport of many
heavy solar energy components to geostationary
orbits or to the moon).
Similarly, spaceflight has progressed steadily
since Sputnik became the first space vehicle to
achieve orbit in 1957. For within a period of only
35 years, a vast satellite communications network
has been established in space that provides telephone
and television service almost everywhere on earth.
Nevertheless, space travel has not yet been
8

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 631, "chars": 4144, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
revolutionized like air travel has because it still has by participating in the adventure of discovery and
a very high cost. Here, current costs 1o place a exploration, and the challenge of difficult things.
person in low earth orbit are roughly a million
dollars per trip, while a cost of more than a billion
In summary, a bold and long term space
dollars per person may be required to make the first
program, that strives for the kinds of breakthroughs
expeditions to Mars. Space transportation costs
that will meet human needs, may be the best way
would have to be reduced more than a 100-fold for of: preserving the kind of environment we want,
things such as space tourism, and longer space providing many of the future jobs we need, and
missions would require greater reductions still.
imparting the inspiration and aspirations that we all
should have.
Bold and exciting single stage to orbit vehicle
developments such as the National Aerospace Plane
(NASP) may eventually enable 100-fold reduction
in earth-to-orbit travel costs and References such
as 20 indicate that this could revolutionize space
transportation within close proximity to earth.
However, foreseeable advances in space rocketry
and space sailing cannot provide the enormous cost
reductions needed for longer trips. Therefore,
entirely new modes of propulsion will be required
for space travel cost reductions that would permit
true space commercialization and, theréfore, new
economic opportunities and meaningful careers
(like air travel did) for millions of people on earth.
Setting Goals for Future Flight
Space goals have been a very important part of
the exploration of space. Those that have been
bold, visionary, and well articulated have stirred
the human spirit and enabled enormous
advancement of our spaceflight art. Here, John
Kennedy set forth the first major space goal for the
United States when he called for landing a man on
the moon before the end of the 1960 decade. This
goal was bold and ambitious, and it was reached
with a magnificent effort which yielded
advancements that have improved many aspects of
life on earth. Its accomplishment was even more
Higher Needs
remarkable because it occurred while the U.S. was
fighting the Vietnam war. For although this war
Serious problems facing the United States
severely drained fiscal resources, about 4 percent
include increased illiteracy, crime, unethical
of the U.S. National Budget was being spent on
behavior and, to growing numbers of people, a
space exploration when funding for the Apollo
general dissatisfaction with merely material things.
Program peaked. No other space goal was
Such lowering of the human spirit can only be
effectively articulated after Apollo for almost 30
reversed by endeavors that lift it above the ordinary years, and the U.S. space program has languished,
and mundane, and beyond mere maintenance of
with public enthusiasm waning to such an extent
material life. In this respect, spaceflight has lifted
that the U.S. now spends less than one percent of
the human spirit, fired the imagination and provided
the National budget on space.
more human drama than any other technical activity
of today. Here, youth interest in science and
Because the U.S. space program has lacked a
engineering directly followed U.S. dedication to
long-term vision of what should be accomplished,
the exploration of space, with growth of scientific
it is very encouraging that President George Bush
and technical graduates closely matching growth
has taken the important step of elucidating specific
of space funding during the 1960 Apollo program
goals for our next steps in space. However, setting
decade.
Then, decrease in graduates closely
space goals is difficult because leaders, who must
followed diminished space activity in later years. It
proclaim them, look to technologists for what they
follows that a bold and long-term spaceflight
should be; and technologists, not wanting to be
program should, more than any other technical
irresponsible, tend to recommend endeavors that
endeavor, motivate youth to greater achievement are safely within their expected technical reach.
9

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 592, "chars": 3819, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Such prudence minimizes program risk, but it
should always exceed his reach" (Reference 21);
precludes the need to strive for the kinds of solet's"reach" the highest that we can in furthering
revolutionary advancements that gave America
the progress of flight.
aerospace leadership in the past and created whole
new industries and careers to meet human needs.
It has been concluded that a space exploration
initiative that meets future human needs must entail
a much more rapid rate of technical advancement
that has been envisioned to date. Here, new
technologies, new sources of energy and new modes
of propulsion are needed for: ample sources of
clean energy and resources from space, new
industries and careers and raised hopes and
aspirations of youth. Furthermore, the required
rate of technical advancement to do this would be
no more than which we have already accomplished
in the past.
i Creation of new sources of clean energy, new modes o
ropulsion, and new means of exploiting the resources of space
• To yoile on a north neat our or alictory
* To regenerations of popiara, and ed Siunties for the
*o years to the heirst anne nand pople on Mare by 2019
• To explore the entire solar system and land people on a plane
in another solar system by 2069 (100 years after the firs
manned landing on another celestial body - the moon)
Table 3. Example of SEI Goals That Include an
Initiative for Interstellar Flight
Itis, therefore, proposed that we set an ambitious
and extremely long-term space exploration goal
that will meet human needs and challenge the
human spirit for as long as the next 100 years.
Funding "Far-Out" Research for Future
Flight
Furthermore, it is suggested that the long-term goal
It, of course, would be folly to direct the bulk of
be far beyond our present technical reach and
aerospace resources on "far-out" research since
require about the same rate of aerospace
this would cause current spaceflight momentum to
advancement we accomplished in the past. Less
be lost. But, today virtually nothing is spent on
ambitious "intermediate" goals (which include
aerospace developments that would enable truly
Space Station Freedom, Return to the Moon, and
advanced things. Therefore, it is recommended
Expeditionsto Mars) are also proposed as necessary
that some fraction of our total space budget
stepping stones to the long-term one.
(somewhere in the 1 to 3 percentrange) be allocated
every year to advanced research for future flight.
Table 3 presents a sample set of space
exploration goals that include an initiative for
Funding support for such activity should
interstellar flight. Itemphasizes long-term activities
enormously stimulate technical interest in
that will help meet future human needs, and it
overcoming the flight barriers that would constrain
includes our next desired steps in space. Finally, it
us within an infinitesimal part of the vastness of
also cites our long-term spaceflight intention -
space. It should also encourage activity by proposing
landing on a planet in another solar system within
organizations that would add to the far-outresearch
100 earth years after the first manned landing on
accomplished with budgeted funds. Thus, a major
another celestial body (the moon).
problem may be selection of the best proposals
from the many good ones that will be received. In
Admittedly, the interstellar goal and timetable
thisrespect, proposals for far-out research could be
of Table 3 seems absurd today and, indeed, it might
solicited by NASA, DoD and DoE Small Business
ultimately be proved unattainable by any possible
Innovation Research (SBIR) announcements and
mode of flight. But, we won't know this for sure for Broad Area Announcements (BAAs) and evaluated
a very long time. In the meantime, "a man's grasp by qualified reviewers as is done today.
10

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 551, "chars": 3687, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
One obstacle to implementation of far-out years of flight have passed Such progress would
research would beresistance from those who would
include energy and propulsion breakthroughs
prefer comfortable continuance of familiar things.
gained by delving deeper into the mystery of so-
For even if only 1 to 3 percent of conventional
called "matter, time and space"— the same kinds of
developments would have to make way for more
breakthroughs in knowledge and technology that
radical work, this would require an uncomfortable
are needed to help solve the critical future problems
transition into the uncertainty of bolder and more
facing the people of earth.
unorthodox things. Another obstacle would be
continual pressure to take funding from long-term
And, although space goals should emphasize
"far-out" research endeavors, and use it to keep
our next steps in space, they include our intention
larger near-term projects "on-track".
This has
to ultimately embark upon interstellar journeys to
happened continually during the history of our the further reaches of space.
space program, wherein smaller unmanned
planetary exploration programs have been cutback,
Thus, although near-term plans for space
stretched and sometimes cancelled in order to exploration must mainly build on the spaceflight
provide more funding for larger and more visible
art we possess today, a small fraction of total
manned space programs when they overrun.
spaceflight funding should be directed towards
more "far-out" research for future flight.
Admittedly, scientific breakthroughs cannot
always be expedited by mere increase in funding
like many aerospace projects can. Furthermore,
many breakthroughs seem to come more through
serendipity rather than by formal planning and
decrees. Nevertheless, there appears to be hardly
any current momentum whatsoever in searching
out and developing ideas and concepts that might
lead to extraordinary things such as zero-point
energy for earth and field propulsion for flight.
And, significant support for breakthrough science
and technology should surely improve the climate
for serendipitous breakthroughs coming to pass.
It, of course, is conceivable that our future
flight progress will be stopped by insurmountable
barriers that cannot be overcome; that we will
never discover new sources of energy or new
modes of impulsion or ever surpass the speed of
light; and that we will, therefore, be forever limited
to an infinitesimally small portion of the vastness
of cosmic space. But, since there is not yet
overwhelming evidence that such limits do exist, it
seems too soon to give up in our battle to overcome
all barriers to flight.. Therefore, until we know for
sure that the distant stars are impossible to attain,
let's have our future goals and plans for space
Conclusions and Recommendations
exploration reflect our intention to strive for the
ultimate in spaceflight attainment - interstellar
Proposed goals for space exploration only
flight.
consider our next steps in space, not our long-term
vision and ultimate objective—journeys to the
stars. Proposed goals are also technically
conservative in that they do not demand the kinds
of bold breakthroughs needed for significant human
expansion beyond the limits of earth for meeting
critical future human needs.
In this respect, maintaining the average rate of
aerospace progress we accomplished during the
first 87 years of flight would enable attainment of
light speed and distant stars before the next 87
References
1. Froning, H.D., Interstellar Flight-A Potential
Space Vehicle Opportunity for International
Collaboration? Proceedings of the 19th Inter
Astro Federation, (1968) and ALAA Paper
SD38

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 301, "chars": 2680, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
2. Forward R.L., A National Program for 10. Aichison, T.J.R., Nothing's Plenty - the
Interstellar Exploration, in Future Space
Vacuum in Modern Quantum Field Theory,
Programs 1975, for the Subcommittee on
Contemporary Physics, Vol. 26, No. 4, (1985)
Space Science and Applications, U.S. House
of Representatives, II, U.S. Government
Printing Office, 1975, pages 279-326
11.
Puthoff, H.E., Ground State of Hydrogen as
a Zero-Point Fluctuation - Determined State,
Phys. Rev. D, Vol. 35, No. 10, pp. 3266-
3269, (1987)
3. Space Science Board, Space Science in the
Twenty-First Century: Imperatives for the
Decades 1995-2015-Overview, Washington,
12. Froning, H.D., Use of Vacuum Energies for
D.C., National Academy Press, page 34
Interstellar Spaceflight, 36th Inter Astro
(1988)
Federation Congr., IAA-85-492, (1985)
4. Martin, A.R. (Ed.) Project Daedaulus-J. Brit 13.
Hansson, P.A., On the Use of Vacuum for
Interplant Soc. Supplement, (1978)
Interstellar Travel, 38th Inter Astro Federation
Congr., IAA-87-611, (1987)
5. Khalil, A., Futuristic Approach for Interstellar
Travel - Advanced Magnetic Monopole
Propulsion Concept, AIAA 28th Aerospace
Sciences Meeting, AIAA 90-0615, (1990)
Hansson, P.A., On the Use of Vacuum for
Interstellar Travel, 40th Inter Astro Federal
Congr., IAA89-667, (1989)
6. Forward, R.L., Negative Matter Propulsion,
AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE 29th Joint
Propulsion Conference, AIA A 88-3168, July
(1988)
14. King, M.B., Tapping the Zero-Point Energy,
Paradete Publishing, ISBN 0-9623356-0-6,
Provo, UT, 1989
7. Froning, H.D. and Mead, F.B., Propulsion
for Rapid Transits Between Earth and Mars,
Case for Mars IV International Conference,
University of Colorado, Boulder, CO, Air
Force Astronautics Laboratory ALPAS 90-
067, (1990)
15. Millis, M.G., Exploring the Notion of Space
Coupling Propulsion, NASA Symposium
"Vision 21" Space Travel for the Next
Millennium, NASA Lewis Research Center,
Cleveland, Ohio, (1990)
16. Cravens, D.J., Electric Propulsion Study, Air
Force Astronautics Laboratory Report TR-
89-040, September (1989)
8. Bond, R.A., et al, The Starlight Fusion
Propulsion Concept, 41st. Inter Astro
Federation, IAF 90-233, (1990)
17. Morris, Thome, et al., Wormholes, Time
Machines, and the Weak Energy Condition,
9. Wheeler, T.A., Superspace and the Nature of
Physical review Letters, Vol. 61, No. 88, pp.
Quantum Geometrodynamics, Topics in
14-46
Nonlinear Physics, pp. 615-644. Proceedings
of the Physics Section, International School
18. Forward, R.L., Space Warps: A Review of
of Nonlinear Mathematics and Physics,
One Formof Propulsionless Transport, AIAA
Springer Verlag, (1968)
Joint Propulsion Conference, ALAA 89-2332,
July (1989)
12

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 352, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
19. Froning, H.D., Requirements for Rapid
Transport to the Further Stars, J. Brit
Interplanet Soc. Vol. 36, pp. 227-230 (1983)
20. Stine, G.H., Space Tourism, the Unbelievable
Market, The Journal of Practical Applications
in Space, Vol. 1, No. 4, pp. 71-76, (1990)
21. Poem by Robert Browning entitled Andrea
del Santo (The Faultless Painter), 1855
13
