{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T22:01:55Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 44, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1971223, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117979-the-gravitics-situation-december-1956.pdf", "source_sha256": "685394a3dd5d40444fb0bb27a8ffefb782cf8e8cc35fc31c540e36144a225631"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 14, "chars": 114, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE GRAVITICS SITUATION
(DEC 1956 repart)
AVIATION STUDIES (OCHERCATIOOND, LAD
sand tired toodon Elitth
Englartet

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 48, "chars": 326, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-1-
•
Theme of the science for 1956-1970:-
SERENDIPITY
Einstein s view .
"It may not be an unattainable hope
that some day a clearer knowledge of
the processes ni gravitation may be
reached, and the extreme generality
and detachment of the relativity
theory may be illuminated by the
particular study of a precise mechanism'.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 96, "chars": 758, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2-
CONTENTS
•
Engineering note on present frontiers
of knowledge .
•
II - Management note on the gravitics situation
•
•
III
Glossary.
......
IV
References .
V
Appendix
Appendix I Summary of Townsend Brown s
originai specification for an apparatus
for producing force or motion
Appendix II. Mozer s quentum mechanical
approach to the existence of negative
mass and its utilization in the
construction of gravitationall;
neutralized bodies . . .
Appendix III Gravity effects (Beams) .
Appendix IV A link betreen Gravitation
and nuclear energy (Deser and Arnowitt) .
Appendix V Gravity/Heat interaction
(Wickenden)
..=
Appendix VI Weight mass anomaly (Perl) .
• •
Thanks to the Gravity Research Foundation
for Appendix II
to VI
Page
3
10
17
20
22
30
37
41
42

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 314, "chars": 2017, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 3-
I Engineering note on present frontiers of knowledge
Gravitics is likely to follow a number of separate lines of
development: the best known short term proposition is Townsend
Brown's electrostatic propulsion by gravitators (details of which
are to be found in the Appendix I).: An extreme extrapolation of
Brown's later rigs appears to suggest a Mach 3 interceptor type
aircraft Brown called this basically force and motion, but it does
not
appear to be the road to a gravitational shield or reflector
His is the brute force approach of concentrating high electrostatic
charges along the leading edge of the periphery of a disk which
yields propulsive effect. Brown originally maintained that his
gravitators operate independently of all frames of reference, and
it is motion in the absolute sense - relative to the universe as a
whole. There is however no evidence to support this. In the absence
of any such evidence it is perhaps more convenient to think of
Brown's disks as electrostatic propulsion which has its own niche
in aviation. Electrostatic disks can provide lift without speed
over a flat surface. This could be an important advance over all
forms of airfoil which require induced flow; and lift- without-
air flow is a development that deserves to be followed up in its
own right, and one that for military purposes is already envisaged
by the users as applicable to all three services. This point has
been appreciated in the United States and a program in hand may
now ensure that development of large sized disks will be continued.
This is backed by the U.S. Government, but it is something that
will be pursued on a small scale. This acceptance follows Brown' s
original suggestion embodied in Project Winterhaven. Winterhaven
recommended that a major effort be concentrated on electrogravitics.
based on the principle of his disks. The U.S. Government evaluated
the disks wrongly, and misinterpreted the nature of the energy.
This incorrect report was filed as an official assessment, and it

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 328, "chars": 2074, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-4-
took some three years to correct: the earlier misconception. That
brings developments up to the fairly recent past, and by that time
it was realized that no effort on the lines of Winterhaven was
practical, and that more modest aims should be substituted. These
were re-written around a new report
which is apparently based on
newer
thoughts
and with some later patents not yet published -
which form the basis of current U.S. policy. It is a matter of some
controversy whether this research
could be accelerated by more
money but the impression in Gravity Raid is that the base of industry
is perhaps more than adequately wide. Already companies are
specializing.in
evolution of particular components of an electro.
gravitics disk. This inplies that the science is in the same state
as the ICBM - namely that no new breakthroughs are needed, only
intensive development engineering. This may be an optimistic
reading of the situation: it is true that" mâterials are now
available for the condensers giving higher k figures than were
postulated in Winterhaven as necessáry, fand äll the. ingredients
necessary for the
disks appear to be ävailable. But industry is
still some way from having an adequatě power source, ard possessing
any practical experience of running such equipment.
The long term development of gravity shields, absorbers, and
'magic metals'
appears at the moment however to be a basically
different problem, and work on this is not being sponsored, so far
as is known. The absorber or shield. could be intrinsically a
weapon of a great power, the limits of which are difficult to
foresee. The power of the device to undermine the electrostatic
forces holding the atom together 1s a destructive by-product of
military significance. In unpublished work Gravity Rand has
indicated the possible effect: of such a device for demolition. The
likelihood of such work being sponsored in small countries outside
the U.S. is slight, since there is general lack of money and
resources and in all such countries quick returns are essențial."
* officially, that 1s

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 329, "chars": 2034, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-5-
Many people hold that little or no progress can be made until
the link in the Einstein unified field theory has been found.
This is surely a somewhat defeatist view, because although no all-
embracing explanation of the relationship between the extraordinary
variety of high energy particles continually being uncovered is yet
available much can be done to pin down the general nature of anti-
gravity devices
There are several promising approaches: one of them is the
search for negative mass. a second is to find a relationship between
gravity and heat, and a third is to find the link between gravitation
and the coupled particles. Taking the first of these: negative mass,
the initial task is to prove the existence of negative mass, and
appendix II outlines how it might be done: this is Mozer s approach.
which is based on the Schroedinger time independent equation with
the center of mass motion removed, As the paper shows this requires
some 100 bev. which is beyond the power of existing particle
accelerators however the present Russian and American nuclear
programs envisage 50 hev. bevatrons within a few years and at the
present rate of progress in the nuclear sciences it seems possible
that the existence of negamass will be proved by this method of a
Bragg analysis of the crystal structure - or disproved. If
negamass is established the precise part played by the subnuclear
particles could be quickly determined. Working theories have been
built up to explain how negative masses would be repelled by
positive masses and pairs would accelerate gaining kinetic energy
until they reac: the speed of light and then assume the role of
the high energy particles. It has been suggested by Ferrell that
this might explain the role of neutrino, but this seems unlikely
without some explanation of the spin ascribed to the neutrino.
Yet the absence of rest mass or charge of the neutrino makes it
especially intriguing Certainly further study of the neutrino
would be relevant to gravitational problems, If therefore the

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 330, "chars": 2051, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
-6-
aircraft industry regards anti-gravity as part of its responsibilities
it cannot escape the necessity of monitoring high energy physics of
the neutrino. There are two aircraft companies definitely doing
this: but little or no evidence that most of the others know even
what a neutrino is.
The relationship between electrical charges and gravitational
forces however will depend on the right deductions being drawn
from excessively small anomalies. First clues to such small and
hitherto unnoțiced effects will come by study of the unified field
theory: such effects may be observed in work on the gravithermels,
and interacting effects of heat and gravity. Here at least there is
firmer evidence: materials are capable of temperature changes
depending on gravity. This, as Beams says (see Appendix III) İs due
to results from the alignment of the atoms. Gravity tensions applied
across the ends of a tube filled with electrolyte can produce heat
or be used to furnish power.. The logical extension of this is an
absorber of gravity in the form of a flat plate, and the gravitative
flux acting on it (its atonic and moleculär structure, its weight,
density and form are not at this stage clear)would lead to an
increase in heat of the mass, of its surface and subsurface particles.
The third approach is to aim at discovering a connection between
nuclear particles and the gravitational field.. This also returns to
the need for interpreting macroscopic relativistic phenomena at one
extreme in terms of microscopic quantum mechanicãl phenomena at the
other. Beaumont in suggesting a solution recalls how early theory
established
rough and ready assumptions of the characteristics of
electron spin before the whole science of the atomic orbital was
worked out. These were based on observation, and they were used with
some effect at a time when data was needed., Similar assumptions of
complex 'spin might be used to link the microscopic, to the macroscopic.
At any rate there are some loose ends in complex spin to be tied up,
* See Appendix VI

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 1930, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-7-
and these could logically be sponsored with some expectation of
results by companies wondering how to nake a contribution.
If a real spin or rotation is applied to a planar geoid the
gravitational equipotentials can be made less convex, plane or
concave. These have the effect of adjusting the intensity of the
gravitational field at will: which is a requirement for the gravity
absorber Beaumont seemed doubtful whether external power would have
to be applied to achieve this: tut it seems reasonable to suppose
that power could be fed into the system to achieve a beneficial
adjustment to the gravitational field, and conventional engineering
methods could ensure that the weight of power input services would
Le more than offset by weightlessness from the spin inducer. The
engineering details of this is naturally still in the realms of
conjecture but at least it is something that could be worked out with
laboratory rigs, and again the starting point is to make more accurate
observations of small effects. The technique would be to accept any
anomalies in nature; and from them to establish what would be needed
to induce a spin artificially,
It has been argued that the scientific community faces a
seemingly impossible task in attempting to alter gravity • when the
force is set up by a body as large as this planet; and that to
charge it might demand a comparable force of similar planetary
dimensions. It was scarcely surprising therefore that experience
had shown that while it has been possible to observe the effects of
gravity it resisted any form of control or manipulation. But the
time is fast approaching when for the first time it will be within
the capability of engineers with kevatrons to work directly with
particles that, it is increasingly accepted, contribute to the
source
of gravitation, and whilst that in itself may not lead to
an absorber of gravity. it will at least throw more light on
. the

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 1959, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
-8-
sources of the power.
Another task is solution* of outstanding equations to convert
gravitational phenomena to nucléar energy. The problem, still not
yet solved,may support the Bondi-Hoyle theory that expansion of
the universe represents energy continually annihilated instead of
being carried to the boundaries of the universe. This energy loss
manifests itself in the behaviour of the hyperon and K-particles
which would, or might, form the link between the microcosm and
macrocosm. Indeed Desser and Arnowitt propose that the new particles
are a direct link between gravitationally produced energy and nuclear
energy, If this were so it would be the place to begin in the search
for practical methods of gravity manipulation, It would be realiștic
to assume that the K-particles are such a link. Then a possible
approach might be to disregard objections which cannot be explained
at this juncture until further unified field links are established.
As in the case of the spin and orbital theories which were naive in
the beginning, the technique might have to accept the apparent
forces and make theory fit observation until more is known.
* •*
Some people feel that the chances of finding such a unified
field theory to link gravity and electrodynamics are high: yet think
that the finding of a gravity shield is slight. because of the size
of the energy source, and because the chances of seeing unnoticed effects
seem slender. Others feel the opposite, and believe that a link
between nuclear energy and gravitational energy may precede the link
between the Einstein general relativistic and Quantum Tneory
disciplines. Some hope that both discoveries may come together,
while a few believe that a partial explanation of both may come
about the same time, which will afford sufficient knowledge of
gravitational fields to perfect an interim type of absorber using
field links that are available. This latter seems the more likely
* See Appendix iv

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 253, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- yo
since it is already beginning to happen. There is not likely to be
any sudden full explanation of the microcosm and macrocosm, but
one strand after another joining then will be fashioned. as progress
is made towards quantizing the Einstein theory.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 259, "chars": 1598, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-10-
II Management Note on the Gravitics
Situation
The present anti gravity situation as one of watching and
waiting by the large aircraft prime contractors, for lofting
inventions or technological breakthroughs Clarence Birdseye in
one of his last utterances
thought that an insulator might be
discovered by accident by someone working on a quite different
problem and in 500 years gravity insulators would be commonplace.
One might go further than Birdseye and say that principles of the
insulator would, by then be fundamental to human affairs it
would be as basic to the society as the difference to day between
the weight of one metal and another But at the same time it
would be wrong to infer from Birdseye s remark that a sudden
isolated discovery will be the key to the science The hardware
will come at a time when the industry is ready and waiting for it.
It will arrive after a long period of getting accustomed to
thinking in terms of weightlessness and naturally it will appear
after the feasibility of achieving it in one form or another has
been established in theory*
The aim of companies at this stage must therefore surely be
to monitor the areas of progress in the world of high energy
physics which seem likely to lead to establishment of the
foundations of anti gravity This means keeping a watchful eye
on electrogravitics. magnetcgravitics gravitics-isotopes
and
electrostatics in various forms for propulsion or levitation.
This is not at the present stage a very expensive business, and
• But the oudses not mean that harnessed forces will be necessarily fully understood

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 286, "chars": 1666, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
investment in laboratory man hours is necessary only when a
certain line of reasoning which may look promising comes to a
dead end for lack of experimental data, or only when it might be
worth running some laboratory tests to bridge a chasm between one
part of a theory and another, or in connecting two or more
theories together Il this is right, anti gravity is in a state
similar to nuclear propulsion after the NEPA findings, yet before
the ANP project got under way It will be remembered that was the
period when the Atomic Energy Commission sponsored odd things
here and there that needed doing. But it would be misleading to
imply that hardware progress on electrostatic disks is presently
so far along as nuclear propulsion was in that state represented
by ANP True the NEPA men came to the conclusion that a nuclear
propelled aircraft of a kind could be built, but it would be only
a curiosity Even at the time of the Lexington and Whitman reports
it was still some way from fruition the aircraft would have been more
than a curiosity but not competitive enough to be seriously
considered
It is not in doubt that work on anti gravity is in the realm
uf the longer term future. One cf the tests of virility of an
industry is the extent to which it is su self confident of its
position that it can afford to sponsor R&D which cannot promise a
quick return.
A closing of minds to anything except lines of
development that will provide a quick return is a sign of either
a straitlaced economy or of a pure lack of prescience, jor both,
Another consideration that vill play its part in managerial
decision is that major turning points in anti gravity work are

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 267, "chars": 1635, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
-12.-
likely to prove far removed from the tools of the aircraft
engineer
A key instrument for example that may determine the
existence of negamass and establish posímass negamass interaction
is the super bevatron It needs some 100 bey gammas on hydrogen
to perform a Bragg analysis of the elementary particle structure
by selective reflection to prove the existence of negamass
This value is double as much the new Russian bevatron under
construction and it is 15 times as powerful as the highest
particle accelerations in the Berkeley bevatron so far attained.
Many people think that nothing much can be done until negamass
has been observed If industry were to adopt this approach it
would have a long wait and a quick answer at the end But the
negamass posimass theory
can be further developed, and. in
anticipation of its existence, means of using it in a gravitationally
neutralized body could be worked out This moreover is certainly
not the only possible approach a breakthrough may well come in
the interaction between gravitative action and heat. Theory at
the moment suggests that if gravity could produce heat the effect
is limited at the moment to a narrow range* But the significant
thing would be establishment of a principle.
History may repeat itself thirty years ago, and even as
recently as the Gernian attenpts to produce nuclear energy in the
war, nobody would have guessed that power would be unlocked by an
eccident at the high end of the atomic table All prophecies of
atomic anergy were concerned with how quickly means of fusion
could be applied at the low end In anti-gravity work,
and this
= See Appendis

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1724, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
- 13-
goes back to Birdseye, it may be an unrelated accident that will be
the means of getting into the gravitational age. It is a prime
responsibility of manngement to be aware of possible ways of using
theory to accelerate such a process In other words serendipity
It is a common thought in industry to look upon the nuclear
experience as a precedent for gravity. and to argue that gravitics
will
similarly depend on the use of giant tools, beyond the
capabilities of the air industry; and that companies will edge into
the gravitational age on the coat tails of the Government as
industry has done, or is doing, in ruclear physics. But this over
looks the point that the two sciences are likely to be different in
their investment It will not need a place like Hanford or Savannah:
River to produce a gravity shield or insulator once the know how
has been
established As a piece of conceptual engineering the
project is probably likely to be much more like a repetition of the
turbine engine It will be simple in its essence, but the detailed
componentry will become progressively more complex to interpret in
the form of a stable flying platform and even more intricate when
it comes to applying the undeliving principles to a flexibility of
operating altitude ranging from low present flight speeds at one
extreme to flight in a vacuum a the other this latter will be the
extreme test of its powers aguin the principle itself will function
equally in a vacuum
Townsend Brown s saucers could move in a
vacuum readily enough
but he supporting parts must also work in
a vacuum
In practice they tend in give trouble, just as gas
turbine
bits and pieces start giving trouble in proportion to the
altitude gained in flight

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1699, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-14-
But one has to see this rise in complexity with performance
and with altitude attainment in perspective eventually the most
acvanced capability may be attained with the most extremely simple
configurations. As is usual however in physics
developments the
shortest line of progress is a geodesic, which may in turn lead
the propulsion trade into many roundabout paths as being the
shortest distance between aims and achievement:
But aviation business is understandably interested in knowing
precisely how to recognize early discoveries of significance, and
this Gravity Rand report is intended to try and outline some of the
more promising lines. One suggestion frequently made is that
propulsion and levitation uny be only the last.. though most
'important • of a series of others some of which will have varying
degrees of gravitie element in their constitution. It may be that
the first practical application will be in the greater freedom of
communications offered by the change in wave technique that it
implies. A second application is to use the wave technique for
anti submarine detection, either airborne or seaborne. This would
combine the width of horizon in search radar with the underwater
precision of Magnetic Airborne Detection, and indeed it may have
the range of scatter transmissions Chance discoveries in the
development of this equipment may lead to the fomulation of new
laws which would define the relationship of gravity in terms of
usable propulsion symbols Exactly how this would happen nobody yet
knows and what
industry and government can do at this stage is
to explore all the possible applications simultaneously, putting
pressure where results seen to warrant it.

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 281, "chars": 1792, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-15-
In a paper of this kind it is not easy to discuss the details
of the wave technique in communications. and the following are some
•* theories.
briefiy stated wich require no mathematical training
to understand, which it would be worth management keeping an eye on
In particular watch should be made of quantitative tests on lofting,
and beneficiation of material Even quite small beneficiation
ratios ara likely to be significant. There are some lofting claims
heing mocie
of 20% and more. and the validity of these will have
to be weighed carefully. Needless to say much higher ratios than
this will have to te attained New righ k techniques and extreme k
materials are significant. High speeds in electrostatic propulsion
of small dises will be worth keeping track of (by high speed one
means hundreds of m. p. l.) and some of these results are beginning
to filter through for general evaluation Weight mass anomalies
new oil-cooled cables, interesting megavolt gimmicks, novel forms
of electrostatic augmentation wit. hydrocarbon and nonhydrocarbon
fueis are indicative, new patents under the broadest headings of
force and motion may have valu: new electrostatic generator
inventions could tip the scales and
unusual ways of turning
condensers inside out, new anguler propulsion ideas for barycentric
ventro!; and generaliy certain types of saucer configuration are
valuable pointers in ways minds are working
Then there is the personnel reaction to such developments.
Managements are in the hands of their technical men,
and
they
should beware of technical teaus who are dogmatic at this stage
To assert electro gravitics is nonsense is as wreal
as to say
it is practically ertant Manngement should be careful of men in
their employ with a closed mine
or even partially closed mind

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 144, "chars": 817, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
- 16-
on the subject.
This Is a dangerous age when not only is anything possible
hut it is possible quickly a wise Frenchman once said "You have
only to live long enough to see everything, and the reverse of
everything' and that is true in dealing with very advanced high
energy physics of this kind Scientists are not politicians they
can reverse themselves once with acclaim twice even with impunity
They may have to do so in the long road to attainment of this
virtually perfect air vehicle It is so easy to get bogged down
with problems of the present and whilst policy has to be made
essentially with the present in mind • and in aviation a conservative
policy always pays it is management's task and duty to itself
to look as far ahead as the best of its technicians in assessing
the posture of the industry.

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 211, "chars": 1467, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
Gravithermels.
Thermisters. L
Electrads.
Gravitator:
Lofting
Beneficiation;
Counterbary.
Barycentric control•
Modulation:
Absorber; insulator
- 17-
GLOSSARY
alloys which may be heated or cooled by
gravity waves. (Lover s definition)
gravital capable of being influenced by
a plurality of cell units connected in series:
negative and positive electrodes with an
interposed insulating member (Townsend
Brown's definition)
the action of levitation where gravity s
force is more than overcome by electrostatic
or other propulsion
the treatment of an alloy or substance to
leave it with an improved mass weight ratio
this: aprarently, is another name for lofting
the environment for regulation of lofting
processes in a vehicle.
the contribution to lofting conferred on a
vehicle by treatment of the substance of its
construction as distinct from that added to
it by outside forces. Lofting is a synthesis
of intrinsic and extrinsic agencies
these terms - there is no formal distinction
betweer them as yet - are based on an analogy
with electromagnetism. This is a questionable
assumption since the similarity between
electromagnetic and gravitational fields is
valid only in some respects • such as both
having electric and magnetic elements, But
the dinference in coupling strengths.
by many experimenters.
is fundamental to the
science.. Gravity moreover may turn out to be
the only non quantized field in nature, which
would make it basically unique. The borrowing

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 222, "chars": 1581, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Negamass*
Possimass;
Shield
Screening:
Reflector
Electrogravitics
Magnetogravities
Bo sun
fields
Fermion
fields.
-18-
of terms from the field of electromagnetism
is therefore only a temporary convenience
Lack of Cartesian representation makes this
a baffling science for many people.:
proposed mass that inherently has a
negative charge
mass - the observed quantity -
positively
charged.
a device which not only opposes gravity (such
as an absorber) but also furnishes an essential
path along which or through which, gravity
can act Thus whereas absorbers, reflectors
and insulators can provide a gravitationally
neutralized body, a shield would enable a
vehicle or sphere to fall away, in
proportion to the quantity of shielding
material ..
gravity screening was implied by Lanczos: It
is the result of any combination of electric
or magnetic fields in which one or both
elements are not subject to varying permea-
bility in matter:
a device consisting of material capable of
generating buoyant forces which balance. the
force of attraction.: The denser the material
the greater the buoyancy force: When the
density of the material equals the density of
the medium the result will be gravitationally
neutralized: A greater density of material
assumes a lofting role.:
the application of modulating influences in
an electrostatic propulsion system
the influence of electromagnetic and meson
fields in a reflector.
these are defined as gravitationar, electro.
magnetic I and T -meson fielas . (Metric
tensor)
these are electrons neutrinos, muons nucleons
and V-particles: (Spinors)

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 17, "chars": 132, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
tt

Gravitator cellular body.

-{Q.

two or more gravitator celis connected
in s€ries within a body (Townsend Brown s

definition).

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 129, "chars": 1332, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
-20-
REFERENCES
Mackenzie Physical Review, 2. pp 321-43
Eotvos.
Pekar and Fekete Annalen der Physik, 68. (1922) DP
11•16
Heyl. Paul R. Scientific Monthly. 47, (1938); D 115.
Austin. Ihwing, Physical Reviev 5, (1897), Pp 494-500.
Shaw
Nature (April 8, 1922): D 462: Proc. Roy. Soc.: 102,
(Oct. 6. 1922). p 46
Brush, Physical Review. 31 D 1113 (A).
Wold, Physical Review. 35. P 296 (abstract),
Majorana.
Attidella Reale Accademie die Lincei. 28, (1919). pp
221 313, 416
29 (1920): PD 23. 90.163, 235
Mag. 39. (1920). D288.
Schneiderov Science (May T. 1943): 97, sup. p 10.
Brush, Physical Review. 32 p 633 (abstract).
Lanczos Science, 74 (Dee 4. 1931): sup. D 10,
Eddington. Report on the Relativity Theory of Gravitation (1920)
Fleetway Press, London
W. D. Fowler et al Phys Rev 93, 861, 1954
R. L. Arnowitt and S. Deser Phys Rev.. 92, 1061, 1953.
R.L. Arnowitt Bull A P.S. 94 798. 1954 S. Deser; Phys, Rev
93, 612 1954
N. Schein
D M. Haskin und R.G. Glasser, Phys, Rev, 95, 855, 1954
R. I Arnowitt and s. Deser unpublished, Univ Of CallIornia.
Radiation Laboratory Report 1954.
H. Bondi and I Gold Mon Not. R. Astr. Soc. 108: 252, 1948.
F. Hoyle Mon Not R
Astr Soc. 108, 372,
1948-
B.S
DeWitt New Directions for Research in the Theory of
Gravitation Essay on Gravity, 1953.
C. H. Bondi Cosmology Cambridge University Press,
1952.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 89, "chars": 804, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-21-
F.A. E. Pirani and A. Schild. Physical Review 79, 986 (1950).
Bergman, Penfield, Penfield, Schiller, and Zatzkis, Physical Review.
80: 81 (1950)
B.S. DeWitt, Physical Review 85, 653 (1952)
See, for example, D. Bohm, Quantum Theory, New York, Prentice Hall.
Inc. (1951) Chapter 22.
B.S. DeVitt, Physical Review. '90, 357 (1953), and thesis (Harvard
1950):
A. Pais, Proceedings of the Lorentz Kamerlingh Onnes Conference,
Leyden, June 1953.
For the treatment of spinors in a unified field theory see W. Pauli.
Annalen der Physik, 18. 337 (1933). See also B.S. Delitt and
C M. DeWitt. Physical Review. 87. 116 (1952),
The Quantum Mechanical Electromagnetic Approach to Gravity E.L. Carter
Essay on Gravity 1953.
On Negative mass in the Theory of Gravitation Prof. J.M. Luttinger
Essay on Gravity 1951:

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 233, "chars": 1503, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
-22-
APPENDIX I
SUMMARY OF TOWNSEND BROWN'S ORIGINAL
PATENT SPECIFICATION
A Method of and an Apparatus or Machine for Producing Force
or Motion.
This invention relates to a method of controlling gravitation
and for deriving power therefrom, and to a method of producing linear
force or motion. The method is fundamentally electrical.
The invention also relates to machines or apparatus requiring
electrical energy that control or influence the gravitational field
or the energy of gravitation; also to machines or apparatus
requiring electrical energy that exhibit a linear force or motion
which is believed to be independent of all frames of reference save
that which is at rest relative to the universe taken as a whole,
and said linear force or motion is furthermore believed to have no
equal and opposite reaction that can be observed by any method
commonly known and accepted by the physical science to date
Such a machine has two major parts A and B. These parts may be
composed of any material capable of being charged electrically
Mass A and mass B may be termed electrodes A and B respectively
Electrode A is charged negatively with respect to electrode B or
what is substantially the same, electrode B is charged positively
with respect to electrode A. or what is usually the case, electrode
A has an excess of electrons while electrode B has an excess of
protons.
While charged in this manner the total force of A toward B is
the sum of force g (due to the normal gravitational field), and

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 248, "chars": 1608, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-23-
:
force e (due to the imposed electrical field) and force * (due to
the resultant of the unbalanced gravitational forces caused by the
electro-negative charge or by the presence of an excess of electrons
of electrode A 'and by the electro-positive charge or by the presence
of an excess of protons on electrode B),
By the cancellation of similar and opposing forces and by the
addition of similar and allied forces the two electrodes taken
collectively possess a force 2t in the direction of B. This force
2x, shared by both electrodes, exists as a tendency of these electrodes
to move or accelerate in the direction of the force, that is 1
toward B and B away from A. Moreover any machine or apparatus
possessing electrodes A and B will exhibit such a lateral accelera..
tion or motion if free to move,
In this Specification I have used terms as «gravitator cells"
and "gravitator cellular body" which are words of my own coining in
making reference to the particular type of cell I employ in the
present invention, Wherever
• the construction involves
• the use of a
pair of electrodes, separated by an insulating plate or member,
such construction complies with the term gravitator cells, and when
two or more gravitator cells are connected in series within a body,
such will fall within the meaning of gravitator cellular body.
The electrodes A and B are shown as having placed between then
an insulating plate or rember C of suitable material, such that the
minimum number of electrons or ions may successfully penetrate it,
This constitutes a cellular gravitator consisting of one gravitator
cell

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 267, "chars": 1696, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=24-
It will be understood that. the cells being spaced substantial
distances apart, the separation of adjacent positive and negative
elements of separate cells is greater than the separation of the
positive and negative elements of any cell. and the materials of
which the cells are formed being the more readily affected by the
phenomena underlying my invention than the mere space between adjacent
cells, any forces existing between positive and negative elements of
adjacent cells can never become of sufficient magnitude to neutralize
or balance the force created by the respective cells adjoining
said spaces. The uses to which such a motor, wheel, or rotor may be
put are practically limitless. as can be readily understood, without
further description. The structure may suitably be called a gravitator
motor of cellular type.
In keeping with the purpose of my invention an apparatus may
employ the electrodes A and B within a vacuum tube. Electrons, ions,
or thermions can migrate readily from A to B. The construction may
be appropriately termed an electronic: ionic, or thermionic gravitator
as the case may be.
In certain of the last named types of gravitator units, it is
desirable or necessary to hea: to incandescence the whole or a part
of electrode A to obtain better emission of negative thermions or
electrons or at least to be able to control that emission by
variation in the temperature of said electrode A. Since such
variations also influence the magnitude of the longitudinal force
or acceleration exhibited by the tube: it proves to be a very
convenient method of varying this effect and of electrically
controlling the motion of the tube. The electrode A may be heated

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1777, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-25-
to incandescence in any convenient way as by the ordinary methods
utilizing electrical resistance or electrical induction.
Moreover in certain types of the gravitator units, now being
considered,, it is advantageous or necessary also to conduct away
from the anode or positive electrode B excessive heat that may be
generated during the operation. Such ccoling is effected externally
by means of air or water cooled flanges that are in thermo connection
with the anode, or it is effected internally by passing a stream of
water, air, or other fluid through a hollow anode made especially
for that purpose.
The gravitator motors may be supplied with the necessary
electrical energy for the operation and resultant motion thereof
from sources outside and independent of the motor itself. In such
instances they constitute external or independently excited motors.
on the other hand the motors when capable of creating sufficient
power to generate by any method whatsoever all the electrical
energy required therein for the operation of said motors are
distinguished by being internal or self-excited. Here, it will be
understood that the energy created by the operation of the motor
may at times be vastly in excess of the energy required to operate
the motor, In some instances the ratio may be even as high as a
million to one. Inasmuch as any suitable means for supplying the
necessary electrical energy, and suitable conducting means for
permitting the energy generated by the motor to exert the expected
influence on the same may be readily supplied, it is now deemed
necessary to illustrate details herein. In said self-excited motors
the energy necessary to overcome the friction or other resistance
in the physical structure of the apparatus, and even to accelerate

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 276, "chars": 1705, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-26-
the motors against such resistance. is believed to be derived
solely from the gravitational field or the energy of gravitation.
Furthermore, said acceleration in the self excited gravitator motor
can be harnessed mechanically so as to produce usable energy or
power: said usable energy or power, as aforesaid, being derived
from or transferred by the apparatus solely from the energy of
gravitation.
The gravitator motors function as a result of the mutual and
unidirectional forces exerted by their charged electrodes The
direction of these forces and the resultant motion thereby produced
are usually toward the positive electrode. This movement is
practically linear It is this primary action with which I deal.
As has already been pointed out herein, there are two ways in
which this primary action can accomplish mechanical work First. by
operating in a linear path as it does naturally, or second. by
operating in a curved path Since the circle is the most easily
applied of all the geometric firures, it follows that the rotary
form is the important
There are three general rules to follow in the construction of
such motors. First. the insulating sheets should be as thin as
possible and yet have a relatively high puncture voltage It is
advisable also to use paraffin saturated insulators on account of
their high specific resistance Second the potential difference
between any two metallic plates should be as high as possible and
yet be safely under the minimum puncture voltage of the insulator
Third,
there should in most cases. be as many plates as possible in
order that the saturation voltage of the system might be raised
well above the highest voltage limit upon which the motor is

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1677, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-27-
operated Reference has previously been made to the fact that in
the preferred embodiment of the invention herein disclosed the
movement is towards the positive electrode. However, it will be
ciear that motion may be had in a reverse direction determined by
what I have just termed "saturation voltage" by which is meant the
efficiency peak or maximum of action for that particular type of
notor the theory, as I may describe it, being that as the voltage
is increased the force or action increases to a maximum which
represents the greatest action in a negative to positive direction
If the voltage were increased beyond that maximum the action would
decrease to zero and thence to the positive to negative direction
The rotary motor comprises broadly speaking, an assembly of a
plurality of linear motors, fastened to or bent around the circum
ference of a wheel In that case the wheel limits the action of the
linear motors to a circle and the wheel rotates in the manner of a
fireworks pin wheel
I declare that what I claim is
1. A method of producing force or motion. which comprises the
step of aggregating the predominating gravitational lateral or
linear forces of positive and negative charges which are so co
operatively related as to eliminate or practically eliminate the
effect of the similar and opposing forces which said charges exert
2
A method of producing force or motion, in which a mechanical
or structural part is associated with at least two electrodes or
the like of which the adjacent electrodes or the like have charges
of differing characteristics. the resultant, predominating, uni
directional gravitational force of said electrodes or the like

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 236, "chars": 1496, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
-28-
being utilized to produce linear force or motion of said part
3. A method according to Claim 1 or 2 in which the predominating
force of the charges or electrodes is due to the normal gravitational
field and the imposed electrical field.
4 A method according to Claim 1, 2 or 3 in which the electrodes
or other elements bearing the charges are mounted. preferably
rigidly on a body or support adapted to move or exert force in
the general direction of alignment of the electrodes or other
charge bearing elements.
5 A machine or apparatus for producing force or motion, which
includes at least two electrodes or like elements adapted to be
differently charged
so relatively arranged that they produce a
combined linear force or motion in the general direction of their
alignment
A machine according to Claim 5 in which the electrodes or
like elements are mounted
! preferably rigidly on a mechanical or
structural part whereby the predominating uni directional force
obtained from the electrodes or the like is adapted to move said
part or to oppose forces tending to move it counter to the direction
in which it would be moved by the action of the electrodes or the
like
7. A machine according to Claim 5 or 6 in which the energy
necessary for charging the electrodes or the like is obtained
either from the electrodes themselves or from an independent source
8 A machine according to Claim 5 6 or 7. whose force action or
motive power depends in part on the gravitational field or energy

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 219, "chars": 1450, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-29-
of gravitation which is controlled or influenced by the action of
the electrodes or the like.
9. A machine according to any of Claims 5 to 8, in the form of a
motor including a gravitator cell or a gravitator cellular body.
substantially as described
10. A machine according to Claim 9, in which the gravitator
cellular body or an assembly of the gravitator cells is mounted on
a wheel like support, whereby rotation of the latter may be effected,
said cells being of electronic, ionic or thermionic type,
11. A method of controlling or influencing the gravitational
field or the energy of gravitation and for deriving energy or power
therefrom comprising the use of at least two masses differently
electrically charged, whereby the surrounding gravitational field
is affected or distorted by the imposed electrical field surrounding
said charged masses, resulting in a unidirectional force being
exerted on the system of charged masses in the general direction of
the alignment of the masses, wich system when permitted to move
in
response to said force in the above mentioned direction derives and
accumulates as the result of said movement usable energy or power
from the energy of gravitation or the gravitational field which is
so controlled. influenced.
or distorted.
12. The method of and the machine or apparatus for producing
force or motion. by electrically controlling or influencing the
gravitational field or energy of gravitation.

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 215, "chars": 1457, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-30-
APPENDIX |1
A Quantum Mechanical Approach to the Existence of Negative
Mass and Its Utilization in the Construction of
Gravitationally Neutralized Eodies.
Since the overwhelming majority of electrostatic quantum
mechanical effects rely for their existence on an interplay of
attractive and repulsive forces arising from two types of charge,
few, if any, fruitful results could come from a quantum mechanical
investigation of gravity, unless there should be two types of mass,
The first type, positive mass, (hereafter denoted as posimass)
retains all the properties attributed to ordinary mass, while the
second type, negative mass (hereafter denoted as negamass) differs
only in that its mass is an inherently negative quantity.
By considering the quantum mechanical effects of the existence
of these two types of mass, a fruitful theory of gravity will be
developed. Theory will explain why negamass has never been observed,
and will offer a theoretical foundation to experimental methods of
detecting the existence of negumuss and utilizing it in the
production of gravitationall; neutralized bodies.
To achieve these results. recourse will be made to
Schroedinger's time independent equation with the center of mass
motion removed. This equation is.
where all symbols represent the conventional quantum mechanical
quantities. Particular attention will be paid to the reduced mass
m, ma where my and my are the masses of the two interacting
bodies,

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 317, "chars": 2016, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 31-
One can approach the first obstacle that any theory of
negamass faces, namely the explanation of why negamass has never
been observed. by a consideration of how material bodies would be
formed if a region of empty space were suddenly filled with many
posimass and negamass quanta To proceed along these lines, one
must first understand the nature of the various possible quantum
mechanical interactions of posimass and negamass.
Inserting the conventional gravitational interaction potential
into Schroedinger s equation and solving for the wave function Y,
yields the result that the probability of two posimass quanta
being close together is greater than the probability of their being
separated Hence, there is said to be an attraction between pairs
of posimass quanta. Bs a similar calculation it can be shown that
while the potantial form is the same, two negamass quanta repel
each other
This arises from the fact that the reduced mass term in
Schroedinger s equation is negative in this latter case. The type
of negamass posimass interaction is found to depend on the relative
sizes of the masses of the interacting posimass and negamass quanta,
being repulsive if the mass of the negamass quantum is greater in
absolute value than the mass of the posimass quantum, and attractive
in the opposite case, If the tvo masses are equal in absolute value:
the reduced mass is infinite and Schroedinger s equation reduces to
(VE) " - O Since the solution y - 0 is uninteresting physically.
it must be concluded that V - E, and, hence, there is no kinetic
energy of relative motion. Thus, while there is an interaction
potential between the equal mass posimass and negamass quanta, it
results in no relative acceleration and thus, no mutual attraction
or repulsion While much could be said about the philosophical
implications of the contraliction between this result and Newton s
Second Law, such discussion is out of the scope of the present
paper, and the author shall, instead, return with the above series

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 285, "chars": 1824, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-32-
of derivations to a consideration of the construction of material
bodies in a region suddenly filled with many posimass and negamass
quanta.
Because of the nature of the posimass-posimass and negamass..
negamass interactions, the individual posimass quanta soon combine
into small posinass spheres, while nothing has, as yet, united any
negamass quanta. Since it is reasonable to assume that a posimass
sphere weighs more than a negamass quantum in absolute value, it
will attract negamass quanta and begin to absorb them. This
absorption continues until the attraction between a sphere and the
free negamass quanta becomes zero due to the reduced mass becoming
infinite. The reduced
mass becomes infinite when the sphere absorbs
enough negamass quanta to make the algebraic sum of the masses of
its component posimass and negamass quanta equal to the negative
of the mass of the next incoming negamass quantum. Thus, the theory
predicts that all material bodies after absorbing as many negamass
quanta as they can hold, weigh the same very small amount.
regardless of size.
Since this prediction is in violent disagreement with
experimental fact; one must conclude that the equilibrium arising
as a result of the reduced mass becoming infinite has not yet been
reached That is, assuming that negamass exists at all, there are
not enough negamass quanta present in the universe to allow
posinass spheres to absorb all the negamass they can hold One is
thus able to explain the experimental fact that negamass has nevei
been observed by deriving the above mechanism in which the smaller
amounts of negamass that may be present in the universe are
strongly absorbed by the greater amounts of posimass, producing
bodies composed of both posimass and negamass, but which have a
net positive.
variable, total mass.
:
--....

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 2013, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
..'
•
-33-
Having thus explained why negamass has never been observed in
the pure state, it is next desirable to derive an experimental test
of the existence of negamass through considering the internal
quantum mechanical problem of small amounts of negamass in larger
posinass spheres. One is able to gain nuch physical insight into
this problem by simplifying it to the qualitatively similar problem
of one negamass quantum in the field of two posimass quanta that
are fixed distance apart, Further simplification from three
dimensions to one dimension and replacement of the posimass quanta
potentials by square barriers, yields a solution in which the
ground state energy Eo. of the negamass quantum in the field of
one posimass quantum, is split into two energy levels in the field
of the two posimass quanta. These two levels correspond to even and
odd parity solutions of the wave equation, where even lies higher
and Eoda lower than Eg. The magnitudes of the differences even Fo
and Eo-Eodd depend on the separation distance between the two
posinass quanta, being zero for infinite separation and increasing
as this separation distance is decreased.
Since the energy of a system involving negamass tends to a
maximum in the most stable quantum mechanical configuration, the
negamass quantum will normally te in state Eeven" When the system
is excited into state odd. the negamass quantum will favor the
situation in which the two posimass quanta' are as far apart as.
possible,
since Eodd increases with increasing separation distance
between the two posimass quanta, and the system tends toward the
highest energy state. Thus, independent of
Tand in addition to the
attractive posimass-posimass gravitational interaction, there is a
repulsive quantum mechanical exchange interaction between pairs of
posimass quanta, when the s stem is in state Eodd.' The result of
these two oppositely directed interactions is that the two posimass
quanta are in stable equilibrium at some separation distance. Since
-

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 281, "chars": 1885, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-34-
this equilibrium occurs between all posimass pairs in an
elementary particle, a necessary consequence of the existence of
negamass is that, when in the first excited state, elementary
particles have a partial crystal structure.
This theoretical conclusion is capable of experimental
verification by performing a Bragg analysis of the elementary
particie crystal structure through shining high energy gamma rays
on hydrogen. Part of the gamma ray energy will be utilized in
Iowering the system from energy Feven to Fodd. and if selective
reflection is observed, it will constitute a striking verification
of the existence of negamass. An order of magnitude calculation
shows that if the equilibrium distance between pairs of posimass
quanta is one one millionth the radius of an electron, 100 bev
gamma rays will be required to perform this experiment.
Having discussed why negamass has never been observed, and
having derived an experimental test of its existence, it is next
desirable to develop an experimental method of utilizing negamass
in the production of gravitationally neutralized bodies by further
consideration of some ideas previously advanced. It has been
pointed out that if a source of negamass is present, a posimass
sphere continues to absorb negamass quanta until equilibrium is
reached as a result of the reduced mass becoming infinite. Because
the sphere thus produced is practically massless, and because the
gravitational interaction between two bodies is proportional to
the product of their respective masses, it follows that the sphere
is practically unaffected by the presence of other bodies And thus.
the problem of making gravitationally neutralized bodies is reduced
to the problem of procuring a source of negamass quanta. This will
te the next problem discussed
The binding energy of a negamass quantum in a posimass sphere
4d what ratest them st

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1804, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-35-
:
may be obtained as one of the eigenvalue solutions to Schroedinger s
Equation. If the negamass quanta in a body are excited to energies
in excess of this binding energy by shining sufficiently energetic
gamma rays on the body these negamass quanta will be emitted and a
negamass source will thus be obtained.
Io estimate the gamma ray energy required to free a negamass
quantum from a posimass body, certain assumptions must be made
concerning the size and mass of posimass and negamass quanta.'
Since these quantities are extremely indefinite, and since the
whole theory is at best qualitative, attempting to estimate the
energy would be a senseless procedure. Suffice it to say that.
because of the intimate sub-elementary particle nature of the
posimass negamass interaction, it seems reasonable to assume that
quite energetic ganma rays will be required to break this strong
bond.
To briefly review what has been shown a quantum mechanical
theory of negamass has been developed, based on the assumptions
that gravitational interactions obey the laws of quantum mechanics
and that all possible interactions of negamass and posimass with
themselves and each other follow the well known inverse square law
This theory explains the experimental fact that negamass has never.
been observed, and outlines plausible experimental methods of
determining the existence of negamass and utilizing it in the
construction of gravitationally neutralized bodies. While these
experimental methods may perhaps be out of the realm of practicalits
at the present, there is every reason to hope that they will be
performable in the future
at that time, the plausibility of the
existence of negamass and the theory behind the construction of
gravitationally neutralized bodies from it, will meet their final
tests.

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 82, "chars": 583, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-36-
SUMMARY PARAGRAPH
A quantum mechanical theory of negative mass is developed,
based on the assumptions that gravitational interactions obey the
laws of quantum mechanics, and that all possible interactions of
negative and positive mass with themselves. and each other follow
the well known inverse square, law. This thecry explains the
experimental fact that negative mass has never been observed, and
outlines plausible experimental methods of determining the
existence of negative mass and utilizing it in the construction of
gravitationally neutralized bodies.
Prof. F. Mozer

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 297, "chars": 1757, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-37-
APPENDIX I1I
GRAVITY EFFECTS
The order of magnitude of the heat given off by an alloy as a
result of the separation by gravity tension can be reliably estimatec
Suppose we assume that an alloy of half tin and half lead completely
fills a tube 5 meters long and
100 cm? cross section which is
maintained accurately at a temperature 277º C. At this temperature
the alloy is liquid. Suppose next that the tube is raised from a
horizontal plane into a vertical position, iie.,. to a position
where its length is parallel to the direction of gravity. If then
the alloy is free from convection as it would be if it is maintained
at uniform temperature and if it is held in this position for
several months, the percentage of tin at the bottom of the tube
will decrease while the relative amount at the top will increase,
A simple calculation shows that the concentration of tin at the top
is about one tenth of one percent greater than
at the bottom and.
that approximately one calorie of heat is given off in the separatior
progress. If after several months the tube is again placed so that
its length is in a horizontal plane; the tin and lead will remix
due to the thermal agitation of the atons and heat is absorbed by
the alloy.
Another interesting effect occurs when an electrolyte is sub
jected to gravity tension. Suppose a five meter glass tube is filled
with a water solution of say. barium chloride and the electrical
potential between its ends is measured first when the length of the
tube is parallel to the horizontal and second, when its length is
vertical. The difference in potential between the two ends is
practically zero when the tube is horizontal and approximately
eighty five microvolts when it is vertical. This effect was discovere

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 205, "chars": 1253, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-38-
by Des Coudres in 1892. If a resistor is attached across the ends
when the tube is vertical, heat of course is produced. If the tube
is maintained at constant temperature the voltage decreases with
time and eventually vanishes. The effect is believed to result from
the fact that the positively charged barium ions settle faster than
the lighter negatively charged chlorine ions as a result of gravity
tension.
In conclusion we have seen that gravity tension effects an alloy
in such a way that it gives off heat. This phenomenon results from
the alignment of the atons and from their separation by the gravita-
tional field, the contribution of the latter being larger than that
of the former. Also the gravity tension sets up a potential across
the ends of a tube filled with an electrolyte and this potential
when applied accross an external circuit may produce heat or drive
an electric motor to furnish power. Several other small thermal
effects possiblj may arise from gravity tension in addition to those
discussed above but space is not available to consider them in this
essay. Also studies of the effect of gravitational fields and their
equivalent centrifugal fields upon matter will no doubt be of great
value in the future.
J.H. Beams

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 251, "chars": 1634, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
-39=
APPENDIX IV
A LINK BETWEEN GRAVITATION AND NUCLEAR ENERGY
by Dr Stanley Deser
and
Dr Richard Arnoritt
Quantitatively we propose the following field equations:
-KTur = Rur +ÈRgur + Cur (P·)
(dôja+m + Jo MKur (x))Y= 0
with a similar equation for$. In the above, Y represents the
hyperon wave functions, and • the K-particle quantized field
operators. The first three terms in the first equation are the
usual structures in the Einstein General Relativity. The last term,
Cur is the "creation" tensor which is to give us our conversion
from gravitational to nuclear energy. It is like Tur in being an
energy momentum term. In the second equation ju represents the
covariant derivative while y"' is a generalized Dirac matrix
arranged so that the second equation is indeed covariant under the
general group of coordinate transformations Theo Muterm will
automatically include the higher hyperon levels. Cur is a functional
of the hyperon and K-field variables Y and . As can be seen these
equations are coupled in two ways first the creation term Cur
depends upon the field variabies Y' and O while the gravitational
metric tensor gur enters through the covariant, derivative, etc: \
is a new universal constant giving the scale of the level spacings
of the hyperons Rigorously speaking the field equations should be
of course second quantized For purposes of obtaining a workable
first approximation it is probably adequate to take expectation
values and solve the semi classical equations. The creation tensor
Cur must be a bilinear integral of the and Ys fields and may
have cross terms as well of the form TUd) These equations

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 28, "chars": 186, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
adil
!
» &

4

-10Q-

will indeed be difficult to solve, but upon solution will give
the distribution of created energy and hence lead, eventually to

the more practical issues desired.

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 193, "chars": 1233, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
-41-
APPENDIX V
:
GRAVITY/HEAT INTERACTION.
Let us suppose that we have to investigate the question
whether gravitative action alone upon some given substance or alloy
can produce heat,
He do not specify its texture, density nor
atomic structure; we assume simply the flux of gravitative action
followed by an increase of heat in the alloy.
If we assume a small circular surface on the alloy, then the
gravitative flux on it may be expressed by Quass theorem and it is
4TMwhere M represents mass of all sub-surface particles; the
question is, can this expression be transformed into heat. We will
assume it can be: Now recalling the relativity law connecting mass
and energy :-
I
(by Einstein)
where:- T - Kinetic. energy
m. - Initial.mass.
• - Velocity of Light
we set
4TTM = mo+zz
moVz
= Mo+
202
v2
But
c2
is a proper fraction :
hence M=mot
2K
In the boundary case V= C, M= mo(1+#) for all other cases
4TM= mo(KF')K ostrictly. M should be preceded by a
conversion factor 4 but if inserted, it does not alter results.
Thus if gravity could produce heat, the effect is limited to a
narrow range, as this result shows.
It merits stress that in à gravitational field the flow lines -
lines of descent - are Geodesics.
J.W. Wickenden

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1834, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:=42-"
APPENDIX VI
HEIGHT HASS ANOMALY
There is a great need for a precise experimental determination
of the weight to mass ratio of protons or electrons, Since the ratio
for a proton plus an electron is known already, the determination of
the ratio for either particle is sufficient. The difficulty of a
direct determination of the gravitational deflection of a charged
particle in an experiment similar to the neutron or neutral atom
experiment is due to electrical forces being much greater than
gravitational forces. For example, one electron five meters away
•from a second electron exerts as much force on that second electron
as the gravitational field does. Thus stray electrons or ions which
are always present on the walls of an apparatus can exert sufficient
force to completely mask the gravitational force, Even it the
surface charges are neglected, image charges of the election bean
itself and self repulsion in the beam may obscure the gravitational
deflection. An additional problem is the Earth's magnetic field.
Electrons of even a few volts energy will feel a force due to the
Earth's field a thousand billion times larger than the gravitational
deflection. This last problem is avoided in a static measurement of
the ratio such as a weighing of ionized matter.' However this last
method has the additional difficulty of requiring a high proportion
of ionized to unionized matter in the sample being weighed. Of
course all these problems can be resolved to some extent, but it is
questionable if an experiment of either of the above types can be
designed in which all the adverse effects can simultaneously be
sufficiently minimized, Probably a 'completely new type of experiment
will have to be devised to measure
the weight to mass ratio of the
proton
or electron. Such a measurement may detect a deviation from

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 38, "chars": 230, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "clean-vision"}
- 43-
the law of constant weight to mass ratio. If such an anomaly can be
shown to exist there is the possibility of finding a material which
would be acted upon in an unusual manner in a gravitational field.
Martin L. Perl.
*-..
