{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T10:17:44Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 430543, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117996-nepa-research-report-northrop-aircraft-inc-april-22-1948.pdf", "source_sha256": "1e032a6e5796b1f329e6e0ae5f97afb28ebfaa87ea08d94c1e4e02a0d1d77ca5"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 190, "chars": 1581, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FORM 20-AO
CONEWENTIAL
NORTHROP AIRCRAFT, INC.
• Hawthorne, California
NWR-138
MONTHLY PROGRESS REPORT
April 22, 1948
NEPA 583-NOR-27
Reference: NEPA Research Program (Our S.0. 3078)
Subject:
Generalized Study of the Application of Unconventional
Power Plants to All-Wing Type Aircraft
Submitted by: HoE. Metcalf and W. J. Cerny.
342-75-0137
BOx 12,
INTRODUCTION:
File 17
The reader is referred to the previous Monthly Progress
Reports for the general objectives of the program and the progress
through March 22, 1948.
PONER PLANT STUDIES (NORTHROP-HENDY):
Except for some Iiaison work on installation and ducting
problems, the design work of Northrop-flendy is considered complete.
Below are summarized the performance data for the turbo-
jets as determined by Northrop-Hendy.
A portion of this performance
data is a repetition of previously reported data. Note that
compressor lengths hare been ohanged from those values shown on
the Monthly Progress Report for March 22, 1948. Earlier figures
were based on estimates. More detailed analysis necessitated the
change to the higher figures shown here.
PERFORGANCE
Ihrust @ 35,000 Ft. Altitude
400
Unit
MPH
•=
10,000# Thrust & s.L.
3,550
20,000#
7,100
30,000$
10,650
500
MPL
3,630
7,260
10,890
600
MPH
3,720
7,440
11,116
Air Flow
@S.Io
Statio
174 #/gec.
348
525
Unit
10,000# Thrust @S.I.
20,000#
30,000#
Dusting Dimensions and Weight
Intake
Comp.
Duct
Disch. Duot
Duot to Turbine
Area
Area
#t.
Area
SaoFt.
Sq •Ft.
#/Et.
Wt.
Sg.Ft.
#/Ft.=
5.03
0.75
24
1.25
47
10.06
1.50
15.1
34
2,49
2.25
42
66
3.74
81
Tailpipe
Dia., In.
31
44
54
:

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1833, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ERN PHILOSOPIAL SO LIBRARI. PEMIDLUN NELLODARI FUN MERELULLLUM.
321
ArtI 16, 2047
¿stone te sunderer, traint,
2500 To TapeStrO 499.. B. 4..
restoscton 75, De Ca
Ti. Faientert
At tro tooting of the satlonel Mricors Coralttoo tor Ansonention
os tantos 2t you estos is to etro moanidoration to a aurostion tron
sintral storero, in hia lotter of tasters 10, that tha MICA catablitt
of concittes on the eppliostion of molon pover for atrout progat-
T I hope doze this as best I could lo rime of the comtstatiog
sion hare confrontod the toade Taster Controlon and tont that 1t
at to veli to zato a renort to too MACA at thie theo. The
loppone of pover fom muclear sources,
score not to best profoctou
a wor on the spectilo tiold of appitention to nirerat, proprieton.
2e tono prolinimi orlantation stadten en the qoretton hom
been ride by Du, Estra Toll, toatatoo etdo to Adalral Storena, and
l tie tor met of the tolled Thystra Inboratorz of Johna
ictor taborator, at careless.
for proprieton of steert) profact with hondorantore at ost Bideo,
i sor a state of this abloat, mols it esteriohed by a priso
not to the Palachild stan and strolone Corsortion, jat Ins
bitched connuitios sangerento with all the silor atrerate tactre
daotta ta carpentea in thie corntry, on TACh croco at Clerolada
strandy estabitabed voritas relations vich the DA profoot. 1$
ment the rapt prodect is the only one to the told to untch tho
Monto Exerer corteston has anshortead tis tranenittal at doreiries
tatomation
5. It soona to no that the JADA shost sottrol, rare responst
slit for a costiming ataly of the milest.
Thave to every Indicatios
prosent that the stanto suarey cosuinelon Intosde to doomitrolizo
abalgidis senial sevas of rosponalbility to contrantora, to 1t 1a
somend that the 1os uIt Moinoro mAdi cooperation to this told of
patrai intereste

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 396, "chars": 2465, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ANDALUAN FALUDUrLUĄL DULLTI LIBRARI, PERMIŚSION NECESSARI "FÜR HLPHOYUCTYUN.
6o tonuss of tro poolal Importante of the protest end the ver
scotal söcurity vostrlotiona annorieted ulth it, it lo recoreenănă
chas dAdA have a talal somalttoo on mintor enerr FOT nirzest
progestor.
Chla rocommandat on dictore troa tho ortalnol tronetiots
of sarat stope that the sabloot bo hantled as a sabooraitteo
anor tho Founi Mant Cotalttor.
Tã a lottor tron zajoz donoral curtle toroy of the tio Ali Torces
so tho vetter, on this erodod, datod March 4 ta nove ibat *thia
ofrlea fasla siat sion a poltor etontsoiat ench a suiction ia ossont-
talty non la bana vla pertelpatlor bo tho 1A0A 10so ds the MEA
moleot»* to erthor iettont
"Isi sios of the ebove, it io tha optoion os tito oftico
that the Iad o.A nolt boet stet lon to the tlald of mclen
sonorson pertiecnty applicabie to atrorit snù patosa
sinolzen provoston t conttratr ta fta provont capoeit ao
a partiotpattoc serey, ol tho tepa sirialon, to astrbl abrat
Di e toM niti sppetndo fotoli cocalibno or crovo to parazo
Eon voiz ronda, la aperneo, Aplicato to a Inrgo doprno
istortty and sompossiriltty drey torted lo tho telet. and,
Insoler as iu prosentlo udorstooa, voula bo costonsy to cha
contres on tha storo suares corcieston,, ii any ortat, 1t,
MOTELÓ As aueurot to Ligurtono ora Jus ZuTa cocco
contatiod sorotn, tos are os tho entrtan that tho el.Oe
stouta establteh a sportal muelos snores comittoe,
coppotot that you yin sad cecorseniatlods te *eforzod
to the Mailid coraltten ot uhicn peu nro o monder, tor
coneldoratlos nud docleton,"
MACA thet siCh atole sos rp ss connlitco to cosaider It fron tho
TACA standpotat, Jari e comsittes vould of courno erall itenis fallo
ot tho cordint taritation of tes. tolao sor us to coopereta vita tra
ErA profoot.
Ip teatios of eftort.
In eo dotan it mosté to poselile to avota uniccosssy.
sons thereht tes siren to possible mali
off pant
a ost ino
cetnt LOMono baonit rOSNONAbLC
iman, to bo apototed tros the rorato
os tho
TACA.
Jouber tron tha follontze mcrsted llett
stativo stos the footatost atetts o tia sam repestennt,
sár Doparbaint end tao Morus saart Contenlony ces 4r le
pcl, atroator of gescarch os the TAçA alevolene tacoratory uta
cốțțo qn q và q vé éd
atony in del ridco: prot. Maldara oi tho Melat, tor hla arportopco
n bont sreberery to Toto chipenó, Mat.in, Dr, Orli Se Malta or
1 0. 3500и
antarelty of chicago nd i7. In O. Arosamiy, Iniversity of Mohlen

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 151, "chars": 985, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AMERICAN PHILOSOPHICAL SOCIETY LIMART. SEMISSION NECESSARI YUR HAROOUTIUN
sos rotattores to, Metallonet or tre tentote of tho Cltaton labora
torz sor prior espertones in hira tesperattiro reactor donteni
Por etna of the Arconha tatoratory and Ir, te Me Morou of the
Tropharon Laboratorz.
tos corporation vith isono tra tator tanto
solenco Interatorton of the Monta shot/ Condenton.
Se te such a cometao to appotatad, lhe strat duto storze so
CO
royion the doas atreaty doveloped → the Cloretant TACA atou.
the suns tin the Chaisman of ficA montd offletrity notsiy the
stanto suarey conalsoton oi tha entenzichront of the conntitoe and
cora atore so here its conhers cloned for aconas to alsaniftod
estorial. la thie uns atroot falson contă be catablished vith the
Divitiona os reservos and tag sopitor of the Atordo asarei Corinetos,
coaramentle, the comittoo eheala extabtis forant oskire serena-
monto vitt
I sist the Clinton taboratortos
Cole Mes
E.UlConcoo
3. U, Coston, Direotozi

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 383, "chars": 2369, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NEPA DIVISION
March 9, 1950
• cci
Dr; A. M. Weinberg
Prof I. Wheeler Loomis
ur. I. A. Sins (3)
ber. G. Khepf
Subj. File
Date File
Mr. George s. Schairer
Boeing AIrplane Company
Seattle I, Washington
Dear Ir. Schairer:
I am writing to you in connection with an important problem which faces
" us here at the NEPA Project. As you may by now have heard, the four
government agencies which constitute the Aircraft Nuclear Proprision
Program are sponsoring a Sumor Session in Oak Ridge during the Summer
of 1950, the purpose of which is to assist the various working groups
in defining and solving the problems of Nuclear Porered Flight.
enclosing for your information a copy of a rough charter for this
I am
summer working session which I drew up some weeks ago.
We have been able to get Professor F. Wheeler Loomis, Head of the Physics
Department of the University of Illinois,
to act as the chairman of the
session for this sumer. Professor Loomis was a senior member of the
Iexington Project and is well known in physies.
We are also finding It.
'possible to secure the assistance of à number of other highly qualified
individuals in various branches of science. In order, horever, to have
a well rounded group It will, of course, be necessary that it contain
not only a strong scientific boûy, but also that it contain at least
a lem persons who are acquainted with the practical aspects of designing,
LATER
building and operating large military aircraft. Unless the group contains
such a person; it well might turn out to be more of a hindrance than a
help to the Aircraft Nuclear Propulsion Program, through lack of balance
and through lailure to attach adequate importance to the many practical
• problens which lie between the 'ANF Project at present and the iltinate
realization of a nuclear povered aircraft. In our thinking and discussions,
your name repeatedly cones up because of your experience and qualifications
in this field. I realize that you have many urgent and important duties
in connection with your work at Bosing and we are, Of course, well awar
of the importance of the work which your company is doing. However, th
kind oi mature advice and assitance which you can fire is so badly needed
and so crucially important for the ANP Project that I feel justified in
asking you to spend about two months here in Oak Ridge this sumner on this
Projecte

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 438, "chars": 2630, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Me. George 5. Schairer
March 9s 1950
Page 2
Jou may wish to know sonething of the standing which the summer working
session has with the government agencies which sponsor the ANE Program.
I can say that the summer working session is regarded by them as a
matter of very great importance for the ANP Program. When we were trying
to secure the services of Professor Loomis; LI. I. Bo Hafstad made e
berg and me, Ir. E. I.
the Research and Development Board, and Dr. James #. Killian, now Fresident
OF MIT, both have indicated their wholehearted support of the idea and
many people Iron MIl WiLl take part in the session.
Mr. Sims has talked
mith General Putt regarding it, and General Putt indicated that he also
is strongly in favor of the warking session and was, as a matter of fact,
one of the several people who have suggasted your participation in Ita
Some other arrangements regarding the working session will be of interest
to you also. The menbers of the working sessiòn and their families will
be offered new, and newly furnished, apartments here in Oak Ridgé for the
duration of their stay at a moderate rental, Costs of transporting
"members of the group and their families to and from Oak Ridge will also
be paid,
Salary arrangements will compare favorably with those which
you normally have. Office space will be provided in the I-12 Area here
in Oak Ridge and the offices will be air-conditioned. In fact, I can
assure you that everything will be done to make your stay both highly
productive and also as pleasant as possible. Prof. Loonis' present plans
call for a beginning of the session early in the month of June and a
continuation until about the first of August. Following this, it is
supposed that some members of the session may wish to continue their
work here at oak Ridge, but the main effort will by that time have been
completed.
Jou will notice that the summer working session is spohen of
in the attached charter as a permanent and recurring institution.
Your
• acceptance of duty with this session
this sumer doas not, of course,
necessarily bind you for similar duty in future years.
• Iou may wish to know way Professor Locis has not written to you directly.
In our discussions he has expressed himself as being somewhat unfamiliar
with the technical community in your field and thought
tbat it would be:
more appropriate for us to approach you.
I sincerely hope that you will find it possible to accede to this request
and I shall be avaiting your ansver with the utnost interest.
Sincerely yours,
2:3
NEPA DIVIS IỒN
FAIRCHILD ENGINE & AIRPLANE CORP,
(S) 1. 4a Leveretu
Technical Director
Enols-1
