{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:19:55Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 904984, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117904-non-leathal-weapons.pdf", "source_sha256": "13307ef8a69e79d47bca9c3994aad30ebf13ac7005a525323e2fbb2727f1f9cf"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 2821, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NON-LETHAL WEAPONS IN THE NEWS
Defense Electronics February, 1993 p. 41
ISSN: 0278-3479
This is a summary of a rather long article:
DOD: There is strong support for taking the effort for development of non-lethal
veapons away trom the individual services and making an independent office
\mong those who support such a move are: Chris and Janet Morris o
theWashington DC based United States Globai Strategy Council (GSC). These
are lobbyists who have been pushing to have the control placed under the
OSD. Subsequently, Dick Cheney appointed a "Non-lethal weapons study
group i he detractors of this ettort are Deputy Secretary of Defense Donald
Atwood, Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisitions Donald Yockey, and Dr
Victor Reis, former director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
(DARPA) and the Defense, Research and Engineering Directorate. Their
reason for not supporting such a move is they do not want any congressional
oversight and are afraid if there is, congress will use it to gut the DoD budget.
Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL): John Alexander, disabling
technologies program director. "It is postulated that the development of non-
lethal weapons systems would be a deterrent in some situations. For example,
currently, drug smugglers are 100 percent convinced the the US will never
employ lethal force against them if they do not shoot first. Many air
interdictioons have ended with the smugglers turning tail and running,
confident that they will not be shot down. A non-lethal means of controlling
flight would serve as a deterrent in that situation."
ARMY: Major effort in this area is being conducted at the Picatinny Arsenal in
New jersey, Armament Research Development and Engineering Center
(ARDEC) under a program called "Low Collateral Damage Munitions (LCDM).
Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC): A 9/4/92 draft report entitled
'Operations Concept for Disabling Measures' was prepared by the Army's
Training and Doctrine Command, Fort Monmouth, NJ and is currently
circulating. The draftreport describes the applicability of non-lethal capabilities
in providing civilian policy-makers and military commanders a new range of
options for containg a crisis before it reaches a lethal plateau. A formal
framework for studying the use of disabling measures vs the use of lethal
force is provided by the report.Disabling or non-lethal measures would
include the use of infrasound devices to cause disorientation among
troops, machinery clogging chemical compounds, lasers to blind sensors, and
microwave weapons to destroy electronics. The draft document is considered
to be the initial step in the development and purchase of such weapons
systems. The article contains additional information on the aforementioned
effort.
Programs:
Optical Munitions, disrupt enemy sensors.
•

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 343, "chars": 2337, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
High Power Microwave (HPM) Projectiles, knock out command and
control.
Acoustic Beams, [Scientific Applications & Research Associates (SARA)
of Huntington Beach, California - contractor/consultant], An acoustic
"bullet" would incapacitate by creating "plasma in front of the target,
which creates an impact wave that is just like a blunt object. It causes
blunt object trauma, like being hit by a baseball.'
Pulsed Chemical LASERS, "... create a hot, high pressure plasma in the
air in front of a target surface, creating a blast wave that will result in
variable, but controlled effects on materiel and personnel."
LASER Dye Rods, "exceptionally intense flash, blinding surrounding
optical sensors and personnel"
**********
Defense News April 15, 1991 p. 8
ISSN: 0884-139X
The US Army Materiel Command's Picatinny Arsenal (New Jersey)
wants to develop infantry weapons that would use laser, sound, radio, or
particle beams to allow selective incapacitation or killing of hostile troops and
equipment. The Joint Service Small Arms Program Management Committee
is sponsoring the program, according to Matt Zimmerman, project dir. The
effort would comprise two phases, one 10 mo long to study possible weapons,
and one 18 mo long to demonstrate them in the laboratory, he says; firms may
be paid to take part, he says. Such non-lethal weapons, Zimmerman says,
could be used to minimize collateral damage.
ARDEC is focusing on arms ranging from the 9 mm pistol to the 8 in (203 mm)
howitzer, work is also underway in other parts of the army in developing
modular warheads (which could include a family of non-lethal munitions) on
other types of launch systems.
**********
Aerospace Daily August 24, 1992; Pg 312; Vol. 163, No. 38
Journal Code: ASD
ISSN: 0193-4546
Section Heading: What's Ahead In Aerospace
Word Count:
100
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sam Nunn (D-Ga.) links the idea
of a U.S. peacemaking or peacekeeping force with that of non-lethal
technology. "I think any peacekeeping force has got to have an ability to
defend itself with lethal weapons," Nunn tells reporters, "but there are non-
lethal type capabilities that are within our reach that ought to be looked at
very carefully and exploited." Since the Persian Gulf war, the Pentagon has
been trying to determine the proper emphasis to give such technology,

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2686, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
although officials there prefer the term "disabling." They say "non-lethal
weapon" is an oxymoron (DAILY, March 6).
Copyright 1992 McGraw-Hill, Inc.
**********
01757569/9
01757569
DIALOG FILE 636: PTS NEWSLETTER DATABASE
NON-LETHAL WEAPONS OFFER NEW SO/LIC CAPABILITIES
Tactical Technology February 03, 1993 V. 3 NO.3 p. 1
WORD COUNT: 1611
PUBLISHER: Phillips Business Information, Inc.
Prior to Desert Storm, when the Iraqis held 1,000 U.S. citizens captive, one
option explored for their rescue involved air-dropping infrasound transmitters
to disable and disorient ine guards.
Infrasound transmitters could have been dropped in the area, causing the
guards and their prisoners to become extremely sick while special
operations troops pertormed the rescue. Intrasouna, or very low irequency
transmitters cause disorientation, nausea, vomiting and/or bowel spasms. It
would have created a form of seasickness on the ground. A major drawback of
the plan was that the hostages would have been equally effected by the
transmissions, requiring about 3,000 special operations forces to rescue the
1,000 hostages. Fortunately the Iraqis released the hostages and neither
this nor any other rescue plan was required.
Although the use of infrasound in this situation was not feasible, it and many
other non-lethal technologies offer a wide variety of options for both military
and law enforcement applications says Janet Morris, research director at
the U.S. Global Strategy Council, a Washington, D.C.-based think-tank
founded by Ray Cline, a former deputy director of the CIA. Morris is one of
the strongest proponents for the establishment of an office of non-lethality in
the Clinton administration.
The U.S. has entered a new age of accountability. Both the military and law
enforcement are held accountable for their actions. Fratricide, killing of civilian
bystanders, destruction of civilian property are all liability issues that
authorities are facing. Many police departments have suspended high-speed
car chases for fear of innocent bystanders being hurt and the resulting law
suits. Imagine police armed with an electronic gun that could disable the
electronic ignition of a car, say proponents of non-lethal weapons.
"Think of a policeman rounding a corner to be confronted by a boy with an Uzi
pointing at the ofticer. The officer can't tell if it's a real Uzi or a toy gun.
Presently the officer has a limited number of choices. What it he had a non-
lethal device that he could use to disable the boy, without permanent
damage, and find out afterwards if the Uzi is real or not," Morris said during a
telephone interview with Tactical Technology. Offering police an effective

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 374, "chars": 2552, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
weapon that will disable without causing permanent damage will give
officers greater flexibility. U.S. troops in Somalia face similar dilemmas. With
the number of low-intensity conflicts (LIC) around the world increasing on a
daily basis, the U.S. will likely find itself involved. Although no office of non
lethality exists today, the U.S. military and other agencies have launched
research into this area.
If the Clinton administration creates an office of non-lethality,
Morris envisions it as being responsible for developing:
* a non-lethality policy statement,
* a non-lethality National Security Decision, and
* a non-lethal strategic doctrine.
In addition, Morris envisions the office helping to define terms and set policies
for U.S. involvement in peacemaking, peacekeeping, and support to
humanitarian actions below the threshold of war. During the interview, Morris
said there is growing pressure on the President to create such an office. An
exciting aspect of non-lethality is that many of the needed technologies either
already exist or are being developed. However, many of the technologies
require additional work in making them deployable in a tactical situation.
The U.S. is not the only country interested in non-lethal weaponry.
According to Morris, the military attache at the Russian Embassy has
contacted her organization about the possibility of converting Russian
military hardware to a non- lethal capability. She also said France is
exploring the use of infrasound for crowd control. The closer you are to the
infrasound transmitter, the worse you feel. By placing infrasound transmitters
in front of a rioting crowd, the crowd will self- disperse.
Morris says that the ability to control minds and probe psyches exists in the
basement of a mental hospital in Moscow.
While visiting Russia in November 1991, Morris and other members of a team
sent to investigate Russian technologies for commercial development were
invited to a demonstration of a mind control technology. A volunteer from the
U.S. team sat down in front of a computer screen as innocuous words flashed
across the screen. The volunteer was only required to tell which words he liked
and which words he disliked. At the end of the demonstration the Russian staff
started revealing the sensitive, innermost thoughts of the volunteer--none of
which had been previously discussed.
A microphone was presented to Morris and she was told to speak into it. She
declined. A Russian took the microphone back, grinned and said into the
microphone, "Vote for Yeltsin."

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2857, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The recorded message was mixed with what appeared to be white noise or
static, so when played back it became undecipherable. Since there were no
more volunteers in the U.S. group, the Russians volunteered to go upstairs and
let the Americans choose a mental patient for a demonstration. The
Americans declined the offer.
The Russians told Morris of a demonstration in which a group of workers were
outside the hospital working on the grounds. The staff sent an acoustic
psycho-correction message via their machine to the workers telling them to put
down their tools, knock on the door of the hospital and ask if there was
anything else they could do. The workers did exactly that, the Russians said.
The Russians admitted to using this technology for special operations team
selection and performance enhancement and to aid their Olympic athletes and
an Antarctic exploration team. Unlike lie detectors, this machine can
determine when the truth is spoken, according to Morris.
Being an infrasound, very low frequency-type transmission, the acoustic
psycho-correction message is transmitted via bone conduction. This means
that earplugs will not restrict the message. An entire body protection system
would be required to stop reception. The message, according to the Russians,
bypasses the conscious level and is acted on almost immediately. The
Russians say that the messages are acted upon with exposure times of under
one minute.
Morris
envisions this technology will be miniaturized into a hand-held device.
Presently, the International Healthline Corp. of Richmond, Va., is planning to
bring a Russian team of specialists to the U.S. in the near future to further
demonstrate the capability. International Healthline is a private corporation
that is exploring Russian medical technologies for import to the U.S.
"This is just one of hundreds upon hundreds of exceedingly advanced medical
technologies that exist today in Russia," said Jim Hovis, International
Healthline's CEO. "There are advanced medicines for the treatment of
wounds, burns, radiation and a whole host of other medical challenges."
Healthline hopes to screen, obtain and develop Russian medications that fall
into the $3 to $5 billion annual sales category market. Hovis sees the acoustic
psycho-correction device as having military and civilian medical applications.
In addition to performance enhancement, this device could also be used as a
substitute for present anesthetics," Hovis said.
The device was pioneered by the Russian Department of Psycho-Correction at
the Moscow Medical Academy. Although many spin-off applications of this
technology are possible, it was originally developed to aid mentally
disturbed individuals.
The thought of such a device leads to a plethora of scary possibilities. When
should such a device be used? Who should be given access to the device?

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2549, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
And what controls will be needed to avoid abuse? How can one detect if one
nas been the subject of mind control abuse? The Russian official in Morris'
story said, "Vote for Yeltsin." One wonders why he picked that suggestion.
TABLE--NON-LETHAL TECHNOLOGIES
Infrasound: Very low frequency sound generators can be tuned to
incapacitate humans, causing disorientation, nausea,
vomiting, or bowel movements. By adjusting the signal,
intrasound can also be used to crumble masonry.
Laser Weapons: Low-energy laser rifles with power packs can
flash-blind people and disable optical and infrared systems
used for target acquisition, tracking, night vision and
range-finding.
Isotropic Radiators: Modified conventional weapons can fire
omnidirectional laser-bright rounds what will dazzle people
or optics.
Non-Nuclear Electromagnetic Pulse (EMP): Developmental beam
generators producing one gigawatt of power could be used to
explode ammunition dumps within line of sight or paralyze
unprotected in-use electronic systems, including systems
with antennas or systems connected to batteries.
Vulnerable systems include all engines with electronic
ignition systems, gasoline pumps, radars, communications,
navigation, and unshielded electronic triggers of explosive
and nuclear devices.
High Power Microwave (HPM): A national program exists for the
development of HPM systems designed to disrupt electronics.
HPM pulses can either be fired repetitively or HPM bombs
can be made to disable electronic devices.
Liquid Metal Embrittlement (LME): LME agents work by changing the
molecular structure of base metals or alloys to which it is
applied. LEs are clear and have little or no perceptible
residue, whether sprayed on or applied with felt-type
markers. Used selectively on critical metal structures--
aircraft, ships, trucks, elevators, metal treads, bridge
supports--MEs can cause a significant disruption and
psychological distress.
Light Detection and Ranging (LIDAR): LIDAR can be used for plum
identification and sensor blinding. LIDAR systems could be
used to identify the plume of covert drug manufacture.
supercaustics: Based on superacid technology, supercaustics cal
e millions of times more caustic than hydrofluoric acid
A round that delivers jellied superacids could destroy
optical systems, glass blocks, or vision blocks.
Calmative Agents: Calmatives, or sleep agents, mixed with DMSO
(quickly delivers chemicals through the skin into the
bloodstream) could be used in riot control,
counterinsurgency, or even in selected hostage situations.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1748, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Anti-Traction Technology: Anti-traction lubricants delivered by
unways and stairs infective for limited periods of time
olymer Agents: Polymers in burst munitions could foul air-
glues equipment in place or keep it from operating.
Combustion Alteration: Internal combustion engines can be
disrupted through special munitions. These munitions would
degrade engine performance.
Source: Janet Morris, U.S. Global Strategy Council
**********
01757568
DIALOG FILE 636: PTS NEWSLETTER DATABASE
ARMY EXPLORING LESS THAN LETHAL TECHNOLOGIES
Tactical Technology
February 03, 1993 V. 3 NO. 3
WORD COUNT: 838
PUBLISHER: Phillips Business Information, Inc.
Challenged by the Defense Department, the Army's Armament Research,
Development & Engineering Center (ARDEC) has launched a series of
research programs that can effectively render the enemy incapable while
minimizing collateral damage.
Through the Low Collateral Damage Munitions (LCDM) Programs, the Army
hopes to develop technologies that can disable, dazzle or incapacitate aircraft,
missiles, armored vehicles, personnel and other equipment without causing
extensive collateral damage. In general, the Army hopes the program payoffs
will include:
* Increased tactical flexibility in future conflicts;
* Dramatic performance enhancements beyond those obtainable from
conventional bullets and bursting munitions;
* Low collateral damage capability/minimization of loss of
life;
* Increased hit/incapacitation probability through line-of-
sight projection, eliminating current ballistic trajectory;
* Improved logistics/soldier load with bullet-less systems.
The LCDM program will explore non-conventional means of incapacitating
unarmored/armored materiel and protected/ unprotected personnel. ARDEC,
