{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:12:43Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 894176, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117967-anti-gravity-the-science-of-electro-gravitics.pdf", "source_sha256": "728544074682337d09f4f4cb366c575682fe5392a21108eb7424c52080c708bf"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 665, "chars": 4062, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ANTI-GRAVITY
THE SCIENCE OF ELECTRO-GRAVITICS
by I. A. Van As
There are rumours from both America and Russia that scientists in those countries
are far advanced in their studies into the nature of gravity. It has even been sugges-
ted that Pontecorvo, who defected from the West to Russia, has indeed demonstrated
that the force of gravity can be harnessed to man's use. This article, reprinted from
the October 1961 Issue of Practical Mechanics by kind permission of the publishers, is
not only of intrinsic Interest but also serves as another indication that our subject is
at long last being taken seriously by scientists.
with the limited
power of our present
rockets. Aviation and
astronautics,
however,
stand on the threshold of a wonderful new con-
cept-Electro-Gravities.
Electro-gravities is a vertical lift which is not
accomplished by means of rocket thrust or pro-
pulsion by airscrews and airfoil and is not
lependent on any type of atmosphere, air or a
vacuum as would be found in outer space. AlL
these methods seek to overcome gravity, but ie
approach a new era where man no longer seeks
to leave our Earth by overcoming gravity, but
instead by utilising it to his own advantage.
An anti-gravity machine is not impossible and
many countries including Russia are at present
investigating this new
approach to
aviation.
Canada has its
"Project Magnet" which is the
production of an anti-gravity machine using the
electro-gravitic principle. Many American air-
craft manufacturers are spending
millions
dollars on the use of gravity as applied to then
industry. A number of universities are also going
into the problem, which, incidentally, is not a
new one. An actual flying model using this prin-
ciple was made in-England betore the war.
setore we go into how electro-gravitics work
let us just consider gravitation for a few moments.
The theory of gravitation as laid down by New-
ton in 1687 was accepted even with the dis-
crepancies in the
planetary motions which
worried scientist and astronomer until this cen-
tury, when Einstein proposed his new theory of
equivalence and relativity. Even the new theories
cannot account for gravity-defying irregularities
which are noticed within the atom. Certain elec-
trons are able to leap from one orbit to another.
which results in light being emitted. (The gravi-
tationar theory applies to all bouies irrespective
of their size and to account for this irreguiarity
a new theory by Plank has been devised, called
the quantum theory.)
Also liquids do not conform, as is noticed by
the flow of water against gravity in capillary
tubes. Water will leap to a glass rod held just
above it. Helium in liquid form acts even more
strangely, as it will climb up the wall of its con-
tainer and low down the other side. These have
been classed as ordities in molecular arrange-
ment, but above all they do illustrate that gravity
is not altogether a force of attraction.
Let us get back to Einstein, who informs us
that the attraction between atoms, molecules,
planets and even sub-atomic particles is the same
as the force of electro-magnetic attraction. Any
body, if it be sub-atomic
as large as the
greatest star, has a magnetic field.
Einstein predicted and later proved that light
when passing close to large bodies, such as our
sun, is bent. The stream of electrons in a TV
tube is also bent in the same fashion by a mag-
netic field. Here we see our first glimpse of the
relation between electrified bodies and gravity.
Faraday, who found the relationship between
magnetism and electricity, gave us the dynamo
and electric motor. lie
also
investigated the
action of magnetism on light and his experiments
proved successful. He then looked for the rela-
tionship between gravity and electro-magnetism,
but failed to find it. This work was carried on by
James Maxwell, who showed the mathematical
22
ti
fir
tit
tri
fiel
of
tai
ints
fast
of!
and
atos.
nucl
chur
later
« exact
stood
it che.
mots.
done
_ Ass
the el
how:
the all
, orbital
Abo
trons 5:
there':
N, 0,1
around
Sincé r
it is ye
would
flower!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 872, "chars": 5221, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
elationship between gravity and magnetism and
ound they obey the same laws. Einstein, in his
Inified Field Theory, put forward in 1950, also
tempted to unify the laws of gravity and the
aws of electro-magnetism. Up to the time of his
leath, he was perfecting this theory.
Under electro-magnetic forces we must include
adio waves, heat, light, ultra violet rays, infra-
ed rays, X-rays and a host of others. Further-
nore,
the relationship with gravity must hold
good for all of these.
Let me now show how all this is connected
vith our anti-gravity machine. It is well known
hat if two fields of a magnet which are similar
in character, that is to say two south or north
oles, are brought face to face the magnets will
be repelled. Similarly, two sub-nuclear particles
which are the same,
repel each other because
they have the same electro-magnetic field.
If we can give our machine an electro-magnetic
field which is similar in character to the gravita-
tional field of our planet, we will leave this Earth
at the possible speed of light. We would then
travel along the lines of force of the gravitational
field of our planet as well as the lines of the fields
of every body in the Universe. Einstein main-
tains that these fields, which are ever present,
have no end and spread out in all directions,
intertwine with each other in the most complex
fashion, but the strength decreases as the square
of the distance from where they originated.
The problem is how do we switch our fields on
and off? It has been found that there are sub-
atomic particles being generated in the powertul
nuclear accelerators which have the capacity to
change the orbital motion of electrons and con-
sequently the magnetic field (as will be explained
later) of the substance they are bombarding. The
exact nature of these rays is not yet fully under-
stood, but they are easily generated; turthermore,
it does not take much to change the orbital
motion of electrons within the atom. It can be
done in any physics laboratory.
Assuming that the reader has a knowledge of
the electron theory, I would briefly like to explain
how normal magnetism is brought about within
the atomic structure by changes rendered in the
orbital motion of the electrons.
About our positive nucleus we have the elec-
trons spinning on different energy levels of which
there are seven in number known as the K, L, M,
N, O, P and Q levels. The electrons not only spin
around the nucleus, but also about their own axis
Since our electron is flowing in a definite orbit,
wouldenerating a flow of electric current which
produce a field, as current would which
flowed in a wire. The electrons do not rotate in
co-planar orbits, but if they did, each atom would
be a minute magnet with a definite north and
south pole. It would arrange itself with the neigh-
bouring atoms so that they would align them-
selves in parallel directions which would
a
magnetic
substance with a
powerful fiel
around it. This is known not to happen.
There are, however, certain substances which
have definite orbits of rotation, but the electrons
in the same atom neutralise the magnetic fields
of the others because the electron spin on the
axis for one electron is in an opposite direction
with respect to the spin of an electron on the
same energy level.
The element iron, for example, has an atomic
number of 26. The electrons in the K, L, M and
N shells are 2, 8, 14 and 2 respectively. The K
level orbit, which is nearest the nucleus, contains
two electrons the axial spin of which is considered
to be in opposite directions, hence the magnetic
fields of each are neutralised. In the L shell are
eight electrons, four spinning in one direction,
four spinning in the opposite direction. In the M
Nine electrons
thought to be spinning in one direction and five
in the other. In the N shell the two electrons spin
in opposing directions.
Why then does the unbalanced effect in the M
shell result in the alignment of all the atoms in
the substance and self magnetisation being pro-
duced, as was explained for atoms having
posed co-planar orbits? This is due to the thermal
disturbances of the
atoms and molecules at
normal temperatures. It has been found that in
ferro-magnetic substances there is a certain
amount of alignment of atoms, but it does not
result in magnetism because the atoms are
aligned in groups within the crystal lattices of
the metal and are oriented in six different direc-
ions. Each group is
strongly magnetic,
neutralised
oriented in five different directions. This results
in the substance being entirely non-magnetic.
The piece of iron is now placed in a magnetic
field, such as a current carrying coil. The orienta-
tion in one particular direction is increased, which
results in a change of direction of all the groups
and brings about a powertul magnet. When the
current is turned off the groups rearrange them-
selves and the metal is no longer a magnet. In
steel there is a tendency for the groups to remain
oriented in one direction after the current is
switched off, hence forming a permanent magnet.
Heat the metal and the magnetisation is lost due
to the thermal agitation of the atoms. A constant
change in the external field, as that of an alter-
23

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 422, "chars": 2579, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
nating
current, will also demagnetise the sub-
stance.
I have explained what happens in ferro- and
para-magnetic substances; there is a further class
of substances which are said to be dia-magnetic,
all the non-conductors belong to this group as
well as a few metals and alloys. A dia-magnetic
substance is one which has a small magnetic sus-
ceptibility and is weakly magnetised by a mag-
netic field in such a way that it moves towards
the weakest part of the field and at right angles
to the lines of force.
It will now be seen that-this type of substance
is repelled by the field in which it is placed
hence the field set up in the dia-magnetic sub-
stance must be characteristically the same as the
field in which it is placed. This type of magnetism
is also due to orbital changes in axial moment of
the electrons. This phenomenon occurs in all
substances to some extent although the effects of
ferro-magnetism are greater and so more notice-
able. The most dia-magnetic substance known is
bismuth.
We can perform with suitable apparatus an
experiment to demonstrate dia-magnetism. This
experiment is the basis on which an anti-gravity
craft would operate and is also the starting point
of the investigations on anti-gravity.
Our apparatus is simple. We need a powerful
electro-magnet and a circular aluminium disc.
This disc is placed on the solenoid and the cur-
rent is switched on. A magnetic field is set up
and aluminium being strongly dia-magnetic is
repelled with considerable force and speed. By
shaping the dise so as to obtain an airfoil, amaz-
ing results can be obtained.
This then is the principle of our anti-gravity
craft. We make our space-ship dia-magnetic and
travel along the lines of force of the planets. The
machines would be constructed of such metals
as aluminium and bismuth.
This opens a new
field for research to find alloys even more dia-
magnetic than bismuth.
We have seen that changes in orbital motion
are easily brought about although it might be
many years before we see machines utilising this
principle in the sky. Perhaps the flying saucers
establish a really sound theory to relate gravity
and electro-magnetism. These problems are the
ones that vex the scientists and we must patiently
wait for our weightless anti-gravity machines of
tomorrow. In spite of the new race to conquer
space by rocket power, I am convinced that the
exploration of our solar system will not come
until we have our anti-gravity space ships.
wl.
lic
qu.
PI
ti
b
Sighting reports ...
ENGLAND, THE U.S.A., SOUTHERN
RHODESIA and AUSTRALIA
... in this issue
24
