{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-07T05:08:10Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 37, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 21953673, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304105340578453, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117911-assoc-national-sec-alumni-microwave-harassment-paper-nov-1993.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540640340000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/117911-assoc-national-sec-alumni-microwave-harassment-paper-nov-1993.pdf", "source_sha256": "459544e54abd47f03d648755199f38cce9512d64ede062cea11680151177d996"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 129, "chars": 1040, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
http://www.raven1.net/microwav.htm
Home
SUPPLEMENT
Whither the KGB?
PART 1 - THE PROBLEM SURFACES
The Existing Directed-Energy Arsenal
BIOEFFECTS OF MICROWAVE RADIATION
CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT
PRELIMINARY FINDINGS
PART II -- OVERT AND COVERT HARASSMENT
OVERT HARASSMENT
FAILURE OF "ESTABLISHMENT SUPPORT SYSTEMS
RELATED COVERT METHODOLOGIES
HARASSMENT OBJECTIVES
THE "STALKER" PHENOMENON
Footnotes
The following is reproduced here, with the express permission of the
author.
Permission is given to reproduce, and redistribute for non-commercial
purposes only; provided this information, and the copy remain intact,
and unedited.
Association of National Security Alumni
Electronic Surveillance Project
P.O. Box 13625
Silver Spring, MD 20911-3625
(301) 608-3625
SUPPLEMENT
November 1993
Through a mere preliminary investigative finding, only, Microwave
in two areas in recent months; viz., (1) No substantive proof has
been furnished in this document which confirms that directed-energy
1 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 380, "chars": 2761, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
In December 1992, when Microwave Harassment and Mind-Control
Experimentation was published, the U.S. Government representatives
routinely took the position that directed-energy technologies were
nothing more than mere figments of physicists' imaginations, still
on the drawing boards. Shortly following publication of this
report, information concerning these technologies began to appear
in some noteworthy organs as, The Wall Street Journal, Defense
News, Aviation Week & Space Technology, Tactical Technology,
Defense Electronics and, most recently, The Washington Post.
In a flurry of activity in these past 10 months, directed-energy-
based surveillance and anti-personnel systems have suddenly leaped
off of physicists' drawing boards into the world of reality, thus
obviating the criticism, it would appear, that the attached
publication concerns non-existent technologies.
Indeed, directed-energy technologies appear to have evolved at such
a rapid rate that they are now being promoted as the "Final
Solution" to crime -- preliminarily, at a classified conterence
sponsored by the Los Alamos National Laboratory, hosted by the John
Hopkins Applied Physics, and supported by the American Defense
Preparedness Association.
Clearly, given this conference, data concerning the efficacy of
acoustical, how-power microwave, laser, ELF/RF weapons and
"psychotronic" systems is sufficient to allow for their now being
promoted as tools for law enforcement. What is note worthy in this
sudden flurry of activity is that no one has bothered to ask the
following very basic questions:
(1) Where is the test data being obtained?
(2) What, so far, has prevented this government and its
contractors from testing these technologies on U.S.
citizens under involuntary circumstances?
Absent answers to -- or government interest -- these questions; and
because the symptoms experienced by those now in touch with this
Project parallel those reported in the media as being the effects
of directed-energy targeting, we conclude that no restraints have
been placed on those charged with the development and testing of
directed-energy systems; and the U.S. citizens are indeed being
experimented upon under involuntary circumstances.
It is in this context that we note that Los Alamos strongly urges,
in their brochure, that "industry" attend the aforementioned
classified conference, since "(i)ndustry, particularly, will
benefit from a more precise understanding of...operational
constraints regarding [these] technologies." Perhaps "industry,"
as a minimum, will also be made to understand that a failure to
comprehend that said constraints will ultimately lead to vigorous,
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
.....
2 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 399, "chars": 2838, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
http://www.raven1.net/microwav.htm
civil rights-based prosecutions.
As to the alleged mental illness of the persons in touch with this
Project, it should be noted that government-sponsored stalking and
harassment, mind control experimentation and simple torture can
indeed produce symptoms which might be regarded as a form of mental
illness. Deliberate terrorization can take a toll. Mental illness
caused by government-sponsored terrorization, however, does not
invalidate that terrorization.
It should be noted that The American Psychiatric Association -- in
its various revisions of the Diagnostic and Statistical of Mental
Illness -- seems to have conveniently omitted all reference to
harassment, stalking, mind-control experimentation and torture as
a case for mental illness. (The DSM is a psychiatric profession's
diagnostic "bible.") The APA's refusal to acknowledge the impact
of terrorization upon the human psyche, even given the publicity
stemming from the Church Committee's findings in 1975, raises
serious questions about the validity of psychiatry as a profession
in this country, not to mention, the APA's ethical intent, in the
long term.
Microwave Harassment and Mind-Control Experimentation, published in
December 1992, furnishes an overview of complaints received from 25
individuals as of that date. During these 11 intervening months,
the complaints received by this Project have more than tripled.
While the majority of these "experimentees" reside in the United
states, a number of virtually identical complaints have also been
received from England, Canada and Australia. It would appear that
these activities are also ongoing on the European Continent, and
the former Soviet Union. Connections between this global pattern
of activity and the objectives of the so-called New World Order
remain to be determined.
All categories of types of complaints being received by this
Project have also changed since publication of this report.
Survivors of certain satanic cults (alleged to protect the interest
of government and military "political satanists" in this country;
former Vietnam-era "programmed assassins," prison inmates, and so-
called "UFO abductees" are now reporting an array of experiences
(and symptoms) which are remarkable similar to those addressed in
this report. Experimental drugs, induce auditory input, vicious
overt harassment, attempted psychiatric discrediting (unless the
experimentee dutifully claims to be a UFO abductee), and an
extremely painful array of externally-induced symptoms are included
in this shared panoply of experiences.
The impression created by these burgeoning complaints is that mind-
control experimentation in this country is being pursued in at
least five specific areas. Evidence is more recently surfacing
3 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 340, "chars": 2433, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
that unwitting government employees may qualify as yet another
category of experimentee -- those employees, in particular, who are
experiencing the effects of so-called "sick buildings."
It has been suggested that the long-term objective of all this
experimentation is to develop a system by which all (surviving)
citizens of this country can be monitored and tracked by a
sophisticated, perhaps satellite-based cybernetics system.
Certainly some of the research being dedicated to "mapping of the
brain" shows this potential. We are in receipt of preliminary
information which points to magnetic resonant imaging as being
critical to process. Our information is that far too many
physicians are urging patients to undergo unnecessary MRIS -
patients whose short-lived, if painful symptoms surfaced in so-
called "sick buildings." We intend to look into this situation, of
course.
The Electronic Surveillance Project is currently dedicated to
helping victims of directed-energy harassment and experimentation
to survive their respective ordeals until such time that Congress
can be persuaded to intervene. We do believe that polite,
precautionary comments concerning "a more precise understanding
of...operational constraints" should be delegated to government
agencies which have a primary role in development of these
technologies.
/Original signed/
JULIANNE MCKINNEY
Director,
Electronic Surveillance Project
The prospect of domination of the nation's scholars by federal
employment, project allocations, and the power of money is ever
present - and is gravely to be regarded. Yet, in holding
scientific research and discovery in respect, as we should, we must
be alert to the equal and opposite danger that public policy could
itself become the captive of o scientific-technological elite.
[President Dwight D. Eisenhower, January 17, 1961]
Covert actions are counterproductive and damaging to the national
interest of the United States. They are inimical to the operation
and effective national intelligence system, and corruptive of civil
liberties, including the functioning of the judiciary and free
press. Most importantly, they contradict the principles of
democracy, national self-determination and international law in
which the United States is publicly committed."
[Credo of the Association of National Security Alumni]
4 of 37
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
.. :
...
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 299, "chars": 2079, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
by, Julianne McKinney
Director, Electronic Surveillance Project
Association of National Security Alumni
December 1992
Whither the KGB?
In February 1974, Georgetown University's Center for Strategic and
International Studies (CSIS) hosted discussions on the plight of
dissenters in the Soviet Union, and on a means by which the U.S.
Government might most effectively intervene. highlights of these
discussions are reported in "Understanding the Solzhenitzyn Affair:
Dissent and its Control in the USSR," (CSIS, 1974).
KGB strategies were addressed in some detail during these
extensive use of informant networks and agent provocateurs; and,
following Brezhnev's rise to power, on the use of drugs and
psychiatrists for further purpose of manipulation and control.
Shadowing, bugging, slandering, blacklisting and other related
tactics were also cited as serving KGB purpose. Participants in
the conference agreed that the KGB's obvious intent was to divide
and isolate the populace, to spread fear, and to silent dissenters.
Agencies of our own government are on record as having employed
precisely these same tactics on a recurrent basis. The Church and
Rockefeller Committee Hearings in the mid-70's purportedly put an
end to these practices. Based on recent developments, it would
level Hearings) were instead merely driven underground. We are now
in contact with a total of 25 individuals, scattered throughout the
United states, who firmly believe they are being harassed by
agencies of the U.S. Government. Others have been brought to our
attention whom we will be contacting in the future. The majority
of these individuals claim that their harassment and surveillance
began in 1989.
The methods reportedly employed in these harassment campaigns bear
a striking resemblance to those attributed to the CIA and FBI
during Operations MKULTRA, MHCHAOS and COINTELPRO. The only
difference now is that electronic harassment and experimentation
also appear to be (more blatantly) involved.
5 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 423, "chars": 2813, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
The Berlin Wall is down, Communism is in the midst of a death
rattle, and the KGB no longer poses the threat which purportedly
served to justify the U.S. Government's resort to such operations
as MKULTRA, MHCHAOS and COINTELPRO. The KGB, since 1989, has been
reduced to an increasingly distant memory.
Reactivation of surveillance/harassment/mind-control operations in
this country suggest that the KGB, as an institution, was never the
real threat. A KGB "mentality," which is underlying pragmatic
contempt for civil liberties, appears, instead, to have been the
driving force behind MKULTRA, MHCHAOS and COINTELPRO, and the
operations now being reported to us.
The KGB "mentality" is a matter of personal predilection, not
ideology. Its objective is power and control, regardless of human
cost. It is a corrupting, cancerous influence, which feeds on
fear, conformity and government funding.
Four months ago, when this Project commenced, we approached these
complaints of government harassment and experimentation with an
admitted "high degree of caution." We are no longer skeptical.
The growing numbers of independent complaints and the similarities
between those complaints cannot be ignored. Under the
circumstances, the KGB should be proud of itself. As a
"mentality," the KGB appears to be accomplishing more in "burying
this country" from within, than it could ever have hoped to have
achieved as an institution. It would appear that this country has
a serious problem on its hands which needs to be resolved.
Part I of this report, which is reprinted from the June-July
edition of the association's publication, Unclassified,
preliminarily addresses the complaints brought to our attention as
of July 1992. Our objective, as noted, was to weigh the legitimacy
of those complaints in terms of the directed-energy technologies
reportedly involved. Part II discusses the overt and covert
patterns of harassment identified as a result of our
investigations, to date. A part of our objective, here, is to
limit the success of such operations in the future, by according
them widespread publicity.
In Part II, we do not identify individuals by name, both to honor
their privacy and because our investigations have not been
completed. Part II, like Part I, is a preliminary finding. Our
focus is on the similarities of the complaints being received --
similarities which Federal and State legislators, the courts, the
FBI, local law enforcement agencies, the medical and psychiatric
professions, and organizations such as the ACLU and Amnesty
International have so far chosen to ignore.
We frankly find it curious that more attention and creditability is
being accorded purported victims of UFO experiences and spectral
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
6 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2463, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
visitations, than to persons who complain of systematic harassment
and experimentation by the U.S. Government, involving technologies
which the U.S. Government is only now grudgingly admitting to
possess. These complaints require investigation. In due course
(and provided financial support is obtained), we hope to be able to
acquire the technology and supportive medical expertise to
substantiate the claims being made. We also hope to alter the
institutional mindset that U.S. Intelligence can be trusted.
History, repeatedly, has proven otherwise.
PART 1 - THE PROBLEM SURFACES
[Reprinted from the June-July 1992 edition of UNCLASSIFIED (Vol.
IV, No. 3), published by The Association of National Security
Alumni, Washington, D.C.]
The August-September 1991 issue of UNCLASSIFIED reviewed Hamline
University's "Public Administration" report on the resolution of
MKULTRA cases in 1988. Although the shocking details of medical
ethics abuses by the U.S. and Canadian governments were amply
detailed, Washington and Ottawa -- citing national security and
government privilege -- stalled for so long that cases never came
to trial. the surviving victims settled for a pittance in an out-
of-court settlement.
Since no individuals or agencies were held legally accountable, the
door was left open for possible resumption of similar "mind-
control" activities.
In the context of that article, we mentioned briefly that some
half-dozen people had contacted us with appeals for assistance in
ending what they believe to be electronic harassment and mind-
control experimentation, possibly involving the CIA. We decided to
take a closer look at the situation.
We are now in touch with approximately a dozen individuals
throughout the United States who appear to be targets of harassment
and mind-control experimentation involving directed-energy
technologies. [By mid-November 1992, the number had increased to
Typically, persons who complain of being "zapped by radio waves"
and of "hearing voices" are stigmatized as psychotic, delusional or
schizophrenic. Being mindful of this, as well as aware of the
treatment accorded UFO and psychic phenomena "freaks," we approach
this subject with a high degree of caution. Based on our
preliminary investigation, including interviews with the affected
individuals, we conclude that the matter is serious and should be
pursued further.
http://www.raven1.net/microwav.htm
7 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 2434, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
The Existing Directed-Energy Arsenal
Our first step was to determine what, if any technology exists
which might be used for electronic harassment. The information was
found in a "white paper" published in 1991 by the U.S. Global
Strategy Council -- a Washington-based organization, under the
chairmanship of Ray Cline, former Deputy Director of the CIA, who
maintains very close ties with the U.S. Intelligence community.
The "white paper" describes the foreign and domestic uses foreseen
for laser weapons, isotropic radiators, infrasound, non-nuclear
electromagnetic pulse generators, and high-powered microwave
emitters.
The term, "non-lethal," used to describe this technology is
misleading. the energy emitted from all of these weapons can kill
people when appropriately amplified. At lower levels of amplified,
they can cause extreme forms of physical discomfort and
debilitation.
The Department of the Army (DA) identifies these same weapons as
"non-conventional." They were so identified in an exhibit at a DA-
sponsored symposium on "The Soldier As A System," in Crystal City,
VA, on June 30, 1992. Beta wave incapacitators were separately
mentioned during the symposium as being particular interested to
the U.S. Marine Corps.
We discussed these "non-conventional" directed-energy weapons with
Mr. Vernon Shisler, manager of the exhibit and the Army's delegate
to NATO in matters pertaining to "The Soldier As A System." Mr.
Shisler acknowledged not only that directed-energy weapons are in
the Dod's arsenal, but also that the American soldier will remain
vulnerable to their effects, should they be employed in the
battlefield.
The U.S. Global Strategy Council recognizes the issue of
vulnerability, as well, and urges ongoing research into effective
countermeasures.
Interested readers may want to send for the U.S. Global Strategy
Council's complete project proposal on this subject: (Title:
Nonlethality: Development of a National Policy and Employing
Nonlethal Means in a New Strategic Era, prepared by Janet Morris).
A number of references in this Proposal to unidentified, elusive
"enemies" of the U.S. Government and the potential domestic
applications of this "non-lethal' technology invite serious
consideration by the public at large.
The Council's address is 1800 K. Street, N.W., Washington, D.C.
20006, (202) 466-6029.
8 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2550, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
BIOEFFECTS OF MICROWAVE RADIATION
Research into biological and psychological effects of exposure to
microwave radiation is voluminous. The U.S. public has been led to
believe that the former Soviet Union leads in this research. The
fact is, the CIA and DoD [Department of Defense] have jointly
pursued precisely the same research since commencement of Project
Pandora in the 1950's. The current primary users of this research
appear to be the CIA, DoD, the National Security Agency (NSA) and
the Department of Energy (DoL).
The Walter Reed Army Institute of Research (WRAIR) has participated
in this research since Project Pandora. In 1973, WRAIR discovered
that externally-induced auditory input could be achieved by means
of pulsed microwave audiograms, or analogs of spoken words' sounds.
The effect on the receiving end is the (schizophrenic) sensation of
"hearing voices" which are no part of the recipients' own thought
processes.
The experiment prompted the following comment in "The Body
Electric: Electromagnetism and the Foundation of Lifeạiby Robert
O. Becker, M.D., and Gary Selden (Wm. Morrow & Company, NY, 1985):
"Such a device has obvious applications in covert operations
designed to drive a target crazy with 'voices' or deliver
undetected instructions to a programmed assassinại
This research has continued, and the results are published in
various publicly available scientific and technical journals.
Interested readers might consult, for example: Lin, James C.,
Electromagnetic Interaction With Biological Systems (Plenum Press,
NY, 1989). Professor Lin, then with the Department of
Bioengineering, University of Illinois, Chicago, has published a
number of books and articles on this subject. [He has more recently
informed us that he had designed the experiment referred above in
Dr. Becker's book.]
WRAIR has more recently been studying the biological effects of
exposure to high power microwave radiation. WRAIR presented a
paper on this subject to a DoD-sponsored symposium on "MW
[microwave] Weapons" at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey,
CA, in mid-1989.
A matter of interest to us is why WRAIR should be experimenting
with auditory effects of pulsed microwave audiograms. Also, recent
statements by an Army psychiatrist assigned to the Walter Reed Army
Medical Center (WRAMC) suggest that WRAIR may be experimenting upon
select psychiatric inpatients with microwaves. This, too, is a
matter to us.
CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
9 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2667, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
The Government's past record of abuses in the area of civil rights
is well documented. Within the past 30 years alone, we have
witnessed the effects of Operations MKULTRA, MHCHAOS and
COINTELPRO.
Primarily because of MKULTRA, MHCHAOS and COINTELPRO, Executive
Orders and implementing regulations were published which prohibited
military and CIA domestic covert intelligence operations.
Experiments on involuntary human subjects, and the surveillance
of/collection of personal information on U.S. citizens, except
under strictly regulated conditions were also prohibited.
Congressional committees were created to oversee compliance with
these (quasi-) legal prohibitions. We have evidence that this is
not being done. Moreover, where there are laws and, in this case,
no laws enacted, there are loopholes, as well as individual and
institutions who deliberately capitalize upon the existence of
loopholes. Iran-Contra is one of the more blatant recent examples.
Loopholes are also found in government resort to black"
intelligence and weapons programs, in the use of contractors, and in
the absence of clear definitions of such terms as "national
security" and "national security risk."
Executive Orders and regulations which currently limit U.S.
Intelligence activities do not extend to non-intelligence
government agencies or to their contractors. If fact, Executive
Order 12333 specifies that government contractors do not need to
know that their services support U.S. Intelligence objectives.
In its report of July 8, 1992, the Senate Subcommittee on Oversight
of Government Management addresses the problem of tracking funds
granted to government-contracted research and development (R&D)
centers. The report notes that the problem is compounded by DoD's
penchant for creating hard-to-monitor "shell" contractors as
disbursement centers for funding programs.
Neither shell contractors nor their subcontractors are directly
accountable to Congress. Being beyond Congressional oversight,
they have the license to operate as Government surrogates in
intelligence operations about which, "officially" they know
nothing.
In this context, a publication disseminated at DA's "The Soldier As
A System" symposium noted that the Army's Research and Technology
Program sponsors 42 laboratories and R&D centers, employing
approximately 10,000 scientists and engineers. The annual budget
of $1.3 billion is only a small part of overall DoD research
spending.
Weapons research, which includes the development and testing of
"non-lethal" weapons, is not governed by laws restricting the
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
10 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 2098, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
activities of U.S. Intelligence agencies, though it may be presumed
that these agencies contribute to and benefit from such research.
PRELIMINARY FINDINGS
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
1. The technology exists for the types of harassment and
experimentation reported to us.
2. About a dozen U.S. citizens have informed us of continuing
experiments with effects which directed-energy weapons are
designed to produce.
3. U.S. Government-sponsored research into the bioeffects of
exposure to microwave radiation is extensive and
continuing.
4. The U.S. Government has a past record of having engaged in
mind-control experimentation; and various agencies of the
Government have a record of circumventing legal
restrictions upon their activities.
5. Neither Congress nor the courts appear willing to look
closely into "black" intelligence and weapons procurement
programs.
6. A number of U.S. Government agencies might have interest
in testing directed-energy technologies on U.S. citizens
under non-clinical/non-controlled circumstances -- DoD, to
test ranges and degrees of "non-lethality"; DoE, to
explore "safety" limits; CIA, to test "mind-control'
capabilities, and NSA, for technological refinement.
PART II -- OVERT AND COVERT HARASSMENT
Since publication of the preceding article less than four months
ago, the association of National Security Alumni/Electronic
Surveillance Project has heard from an additional 13 individuals
who report both overt harassment and a range of symptoms which
coincide with the known effects of exposure to microwaves,
electromagnetic/radio frequency (RF) radiation and/or infrasound.
The similarity of these symptoms will be addressed in greater
detail in future Project reports. Suffice it to say, at this point,
that the physical and psychological symptoms being reported to us
are consistent with the effects which directed-energy weapons are
designed to produce. Indeed, the numerous afflictions (or
"inflictions") being reported appear to parallel standard torture
"sequelae," (1) (aftereffects).
11 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 344, "chars": 2438, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
http://www.raven1.net/microwav.htm
OVERT HARASSMENT
Overt Harassment -- which obviously is meant to be observed -- may
be intended to "precondition" individuals for eventual long-term
electronic harassment. Persons terrified by unexplained overt
harassment are not likely to cope with the sudden onset of
electronic harassment in any more reasoned fashion. This phased
pattern of harassment is apparent in all of the cases now being
investigated. The fact that the overt harassment continues in
these cases even after the electronic targeting commences suggest
that the objective is to maintain long-term extremes of stress.
Many of the overt harassment tactics discussed below are surfacing
in cases which (so far) have not involved discernible forms of
electronic harassment. These are cases involving so-called
"whistleblowers" who, because of their inside knowledge of certain
potentially newsworthy events, pose particular threats of
embarrassment to the Government or to government-affiliated
employers. We have noticed that electronic harassment is beginning
to surface as a form of retaliation against persons who try to
assist electronic "harassees." Retaliation suggest loss of
control. Under these circumstances, we are not entirely confident
that "whistleblowers" will continue to be exempted from this type
of harassment in the long term.
The individuals now in touch with the Project describe their
circumstances as involving most, if not all, of the following overt
forms of harassment:
* Sudden, bizarrely-rude treatment, isolation and acts of
harassment and vandalism by formerly friendly neighbors.
* Harassing telephone calls, which continue even after the
targeted individual obtains new, unlisted telephone
numbers.
* Mail interception, theft and tampering.
* Noise campaigns.
While unrelenting harassing telephone calls might be considered in
this context, other tactics are employed. Blaring horns, whistles,
sirens, garbage disposal (run concurrently in apartment settings,
for excessively prolonged periods of time), and amplified
transmissions of recorded "general racket" have been used on a
recurrent basis under circumstances intended to persuade the
individual that he or she is under surveillance.
In all of these cases, the individuals' neighbors apparently
pretend to be oblivious and/or indifferent to these sudden,
continuous explosions of noise.
12 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 437, "chars": 2835, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
Door slamming is also a popular pastime, particularly in apartment
buildings. One individual reported that, during a peak period of
harassment, the neighbor across the hall began entering and leaving
his apartment every 10 minutes, slamming his door loudly on each
occasion. This was a daily occurrence, encompassing periods of
several hours, over a period of several months. It is apparently
served to trigger a door-slamming "chain reaction" on the part of
neighbors both on that floor and on the floors immediately above
and below. When our contact politely asked her immediate neighbor
to close her door more quietly, he slammed the door in her face.
Prior to commencement of this harassment, the neighbor had
apparently been quite friendly and courteous.
In another case, the primary door-slammer is an employee of Radix
Systems, Inc., Rockville, MD, a DoD contractor engaged in the
"super-secret research and development of some type of electronic
equipment.
Several individuals reported recurrent, loud, strange noises in
their ventilation systems during the preliminary stages of their
harassment. One individual complained of being recurrently
awakened in the middle of the night by the sound of wires being fed
into his (independent) ventilation system. On checking further, he
found that a tubular construction had been built into his vent
system which appears to lead to the apartment upstairs. His
upstairs neighbor is employed by the Department of Justice.
A number of individuals report that occupants of upstairs and
downstairs apartments appear to follow them from room to room,
tapping on the floor or engaging in other activities which appear
intended to advertise an ongoing surveillance.
The Justice Department employee mentioned above went as far as to
offer an unsolicited apology to her downstairs neighbor for an all-
night "pacing about" in her bedroom (in the event he had happened
to notice it). She claimed to be an insomniac. The pacing-about
continued during her recent 36-hour absence from the area. When
her contact politely alerted her to the fact that her apartment had
apparently been entered during her absence, she told him, in
effect, to mind his own business and then immediately complained to
the building manager that he was stalking her.
She conveniently forgot to inform the building manager that she had
assiduously "courted" this individual for several months, without
success; and that she had been stealing his newspapers on a regular
basis. (On one occasion, she handed him a week's accumulation of
those papers, claiming that they had been left outside the door of
another apartment. Her reason for collecting and saving the
newspapers which had not been delivered to her directly is
unknown.)
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
13 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 429, "chars": 2767, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
* Recurrent confrontations by unusually hostile strangers;
and comments by strangers which appear intended to evoke
"paranoid" reactions.
In this context, we note that several individuals have reported
confrontations with "homeless" people who, on closer examination,
were found to be fastidiously clean, though garbed in offbeat
fashion (wigs included). The same "eccentric" confronted two of
the individuals in contact with us, at separate distant locations.
He is reported as having feigned mental illness on both occasions,
and as having apparently enjoyed creating a public scene.
* Entries into the individual's residence, during late-night
hours while he/she is sleeping, and/or during the day when
the individual is elsewhere.
In virtually all such cases, the burglars leave evidence of their
visits, such as relocating objects, or by committing petty and not-
so-petty acts of vandalism. In two cases, the burglar's "calling
card" was to slaughter caged pets, leaving the mangled carcasses
inside their locked cages.
In one case, the burglar stole several pieces of correspondence and
left a packet of crack cocaine behind as a "calling card." Our
contact in this case -- an individual who has no criminal record
and no history of experimentation with drugs -- is also being
harassed (stalked) by a police officer of her community. One of
his recent acts was to "frame" her with a drug possession charge.
After pulling her off the road (a frequent pastime) and subjecting
her to an illegal search (done, twice, so far), he conveniently
managed to find a glassine packet of cocaine eight feet away, in
front of his squad car. He retrieved the packet with his fingers
and then charged her with Possession. Our contact found the packet
of crack cocaine in her apartment shortly after this investigator
reminded the attorney handling her case that the police officer had
smudged his only piece of evidence with his own fingerprints. It
would appear that someone is interested in correcting that police
officer's oversight.
In another case, the individual reports that a tremendous amount of
money has been stolen from a hiding place in her apartment, within
hours after she had withdrawn the money from her bank. There was
no obvious signs of entry into her apartment. The police conducted
a cursory inquiry which failed to produce evidence of a crime
worthy of investigation. (This case is an anomaly. Money is
usually not stolen. Documents appear to be the preferred objects
of theft, when theft occur.)
In another case, the burglars replaced installed lightbulbs with
"exploding" bulbs, many of which were 'Made in Hungary.! The
lightbulbs are now in our possession.
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
14 of 37/
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2467, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
* Rapidly deteriorating health, generally of a digestive
nature.
In two cases of the cases reported, massive rectal bleeding
accompanied the sudden onset of sever gastrointestinal
disturbances. One of these individuals abruptly terminated the
deteriorative process simply by changing the locks on her door.
* Sleep disruption/deprivation
This is achieved by means of overt and electronic harassment.
Sleep deprivation, as a tactic, invariably surfaces when the
targeted individual begins exhibiting a strong emotional and
irrational response to the other forms of harassment.
* Vandalism of privately-owned vehicles
Vehicles invite peculiarly ferocious attacks in these harassment
campaigns -- slashed tires, smashed windows, oil drainage, oil
contamination, destruction of electronic components and batteries
(frequently involving wildly fluctuating, grounded fuel gages,
often within range of weapons research facilities and/or other
microwave emitters); and suddenly failed brakes and clutches
(possible involving anti-traction polymers, which are also in DoD's
"non-lethal" weapons arsenal). Recurrent auto thefts have also
been reported.
Two individuals reported finding their oil contaminated immediately
after having the oil changed by reputable mechanics. In one of
these cases, the oil viscosified (thickened) while the individual
was driving through a remote rural area. Her car ground to a halt.
Getting the "gunk" cleaned out of her engine proved to be an
expensive ordeal. (Viscosification agents are also lauded by the
U.S. Global Strategy Council as serving "non-lethal" strategic
purposes -- a topic discussed in Part I of this publication. Had
this woman been assaulted while awaiting help in the said isolated
area, the "non-lethal" attributes of viscosfication agents might
have required redefinition.)
Most of those who have experienced these attacks on a recurring
basis have abandoned driving all together -- an objective
apparently sought by their tormentors as a means of increasing
their isolation.
* Staged accidents.
The majority of those in touch with us have reported these types of
experiences. One individual, for example, was tailgated at a high
rate of speed by two vehicles, while concurrently being threatened
with a gun by one of the vehicles' occupants. Two others narrowly
avoided what happened to be deliberately attempted collisions by
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
15 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 437, "chars": 2826, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
drivers who quickly sped away from the scene. One avoided three
attempts in four days at being run off the road. One survived by
being run off the road in two incidents within a one-week period,
which resulted in "totaling" of her two vehicles. Another narrowly
avoided being crushed into an expressway retaining wall, on four
occasions, by an oft-duty metro bus, as well as, within the same
time frame, being "fried" by two suddenly-malfunctioned household
appliances which subsequently repaired themselves. It should be
noted that, in some of these cases, "accidental" deaths do occur.
One individual in contact with us reported that his mother drove
off a cliff to her death, during a period when he was researching
evidence that a still-respected, high level State Department
official had passed A-bomb secrets to the Soviet Government during
World War II. The accident occurred shortly after her car had
undergone routine maintenance. She was returning from a dental
appointment when the accident occurred. Witnesses state that it
appeared that she had suddenly stepped on the accelerator before
running off the road. The accident served to terminate this
person's research project.
We also look into the recent death of a woman in Lexington, MO, who
was killed when the brakes on her tractor failed. We are informed
that she had been collecting affidavits from persons who believe
they are the targets of government harassment and experimentation
when her "accident" occurred. We are also informed that these
affidavits have disappeared.
Suicides might also qualify as "staged accidents,"particularly
where "plausibly deniable" government involvement has been
surfaced. We are currently looking into the recent suicide of a
man in Trappe, PA, who, as early as 1981, had asked the FBI and CIA
to intervene in his case. We have copies of that early
correspondence. The man, a former U.S. Army radar technician, had
a highly technical and -- given date of his correspondence --
"precocious" grasp of the experimental objectives apparently being
sought in his case. It is apparent from his correspondence that he
had wanted to believe that the Soviets were conducting these
experiments. The FBI and CIA, of course, did not intervene. We
are informed that members of his family have also been targets of
this experimentation.
* Isolation of the individual from members of his/her family
-- virtually assured when highly focused forms of
electronic harassment commence.
The exception to this is when elderly parents and young children in
the family become targets for apparent purposes of intimidation.
This situation has been reported in eight of our cases, to date.
One individual (driven to extremes of stress by ongoing electronic
16 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2596, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
harassment focusing on her children) killed one child in an effort
to protect her from further pain. (2) It appears that lasers were
being used in this individual's case. The targeting intensified
after she called the Soviet Embassy to report the harassment, which
she believed to be U.S. Government-sponsored. It became even more
deadly when, in a further show of defiance, she then called the
representative of the Iraqi Government to portray the U.S.
Government's war in the Middle East as "hypocritical." She is now
hospitalized in a midwestern facility, where, apparently, the
experimentation is now continuing.
(That psychiatric facility is in a State where a disproportionate
number of complaints of electronic harassment are beginning to
surface. It is also within range of a U.S. Air Force base which
houses a "super secret" research facility. We are currently
looking into information that spouses and children of persons
employed on that USAF base may be the targets of involuntary
experimentation involving direct-energy weapons technologies.)
Another individual, during a telephone conversation, was told by an
employee of a local power company that, if she valued the lives of
her children, she would drop her public opposition to the company's
installation of high power lines. Since receiving that threat, the
individual's 11-year-old daughter has been reduced to extremes of
pain, resulting in her recurrent hospitalization for treatment of
illnesses which cannot be diagnosed. It is also apparent to this
individual that her three-year-old son is on the receiving end of
externally-induced auditory input. (DoE figures prominently in
* Progressive financial impoverishment, brought on by
termination of the individual's employment, and compounded
by expenses associated with the harassment.
The majority of those now in contact with the Project -- educated,
white-collar professionals -- have lost their jobs. Termination of
employment in many of these cases involved prefatory harassment by
the employer and co-workers, which coincided with the other overt
forms of harassment discussed above.
The overt harassment tactics are being described as recurrent, non-
sequential and overlapping. As noted above, the overt harassment
continues even after the electronic harassment commences.
FAILURE OF "ESTABLISHMENT" SUPPORT SYSTEMS
Those individuals who have tried to resolve their respective
situations through resort to "establishment" channels have
invariably encountered the following:
http://www.raven1.net/microwav.htm
17 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2596, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
* Apathy, indifference and/or professed helplessness on the
part of members of Congress and state legislators.
* Dismissal and/or attempted discrediting by psychiatrists
who refuse to include the terms, "government harassment,"
"mind-control experimentation' and "torture'' in their
vocabulary.
Several individuals, thinking the psychiatrists might help to
alleviate the extreme stress associated with their harassment, and
accorded "treatment" which clearly pointed to corporation between
their psychiatrists and members of the U.S. Intelligence community.
One such psychiatrist, in fact, bragged about being a member of the
U.S. Intelligence "inner circle," informing our contact that her
harassment was a "Pavlovian Experiment, ' intended to "break' her.
* Lack of interest, courage and/or competency in legal
circles.
Few of those in contact with us have been able to acquire legal
assistance -- not helped by their straitened financial
circumstances. Most have found that few attorneys are willing to
risk their careers by pursuing cases involving what is believed to
be government-sponsored harassment or experimentation.
A few attorneys reportedly engaged in egregious violations of codes
of professional conduct, in what appear to have been deliberate
efforts at sabotaging our contacts' cases. Subsequent attempts by
two individuals at obtaining legal redress were met with
stonewalling, obstruction, and high-level denials of wrongdoing.
* Refusal of the mass media to address this topic, except in
those cases where suspected experimentees have been driven
to committing murder or suicide.
Such cases (particularly where an individual has claimed to be a
victim of CIA-directed mind-control involving auditory input) are
treated by the press as "curiosities." Am example of this is the
individual who shot a Navy officer outside the Pentagon in mid-
1991(3) He claimed to be a victim of CIA mind control, involving
auditory input. According to the press, "he worried 'about being
run over by trains'..." (ref. incident described in following
paragraph). He is now permanently residing in a psychiatric
facility. He, being institutionalized, and others in the
preliminary stages of his predicament are no longer of interest to
the media.
Another recent case which received short-lived press attention(4)
involved a woman diagnosed as having "suffered from periods of
confusion" who climbed over a fence onto a railroad track and
walked into an oncoming train. Because the incident occurred in a
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
18 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 413, "chars": 2785, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
community in which an unusually large number of mind-control
experiments have been reported, we are looking into the situation.
The woman was reportedly "under a physician's care" because of her
"periods of confusion." A family member described the physician to
this investigator as "a psychiatrist." We find that the alleged
"psychiatrist" is a General Practitioner, otherwise non-accredited,
practicing out of his home. We find also that the suicide may have
been witnessed under peculiarly-timed circumstances by an alleged
"homeless" person who has since disappeared. Needless to say, our
interest has been whetted.
* Refusal and/or inability of local police to intervene.
The tendency of local police is to dismiss an individual's
complaints of government harassment as the ravings of a
"fruitcake." In one case, discussed above, it is apparent that one
police officer is actively cooperating in the harassment. Some
police agencies, while acknowledging the reality of the situation,
hesitate to intervene in cases involving what they believe to be
U.S. Intelligence. On a few occasions, certain police officials
did attempt to intervene, based on what they perceived to be
evidence of a systematic harassment/illegal surveillance campaign.
Absent a clear mandate to prosecute "stalkers" acting under the
aegis of U.S. Intelligence, the police obviously had their hands
tied.
* Refusal of the FBI to intervene in any of the cases brought
to our attention thus far.
FBI spokesmen do acknowledge that they have received a large number
of requests for assistance from "mentally disturbed persons" who
believe that they are being "zapped by radio waves" and/or "are
hearing voices..." "from Mars, that is."
In one case, an FBI spokesman reacted in a angry, defensive and
bizarre fashion when our contact briefly alluded to PROJECT SLAMMER
as possibly being related to her surveillance. (PROJECT SLAMMER is
a CIA-funded study, managed by CIA and FBI behavioral scientist,
which explores the "mental make-up" of alleged security risks,
along with their family members and close associates. Participants
in PROJECT SLAMMER include NSA, DIA, and Army, Navy and Air Force
Intelligence.)
Until PROJECT SLAMMER was mentioned, the FBI spokesman's approach
in this case was to politely and redundantly explain that the law,
as currently constructed, prevents the FBI's intervening in this
individual's case. What she briefly pointed out that the
surveillance activities might fall under the purview of PROJECT
SLAMMER, the spokesman's response was to abruptly and angrily
declaim, "You don't know who is conducting that surveillance! You
don't know if that is a state police surveillance!...or a local
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
19 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2489, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
police surveillance! It could be a totally unrelated operation!
You don't know who is conducting that surveillance! [etc., etc.]!ii
It was apparent from that response that the FBI was at least
acknowledging the existence of a surveillance, if in somewhat
emotional fashion. The individual in question subsequently
furnished acquired evidence to the local police, who made it clear
that they are no participants in the surveillance which, based on
the evidence, pointedly suggest that our contact is the target.
* Refusal of inability of the ACLU and Amnesty International
to intervene.
Both organizations acknowledge receiving many complaints from
persons claiming to be the targets of some type of electronic
harassment. An ACLU spokes-woman characterized the complaints as
appearing to be rational, except in a few cases. The complaints
are not being investigated, she said, because of "limited
resources." We have to wonder, of course, why the ACLU could
recently find resources to defend the rights of prostitutes and the
Ku Klux Klan, yet remains incapable of intervening in cases such as
we are now pursuing.
Amnesty International recently informed one of our contacts that
they could not intervene in her case because their focus is on the
U.S. Government's treatment of prison inmates. While incarceration
does appear to be one sought-for objective in this harassment/mind
control experiments, we would like to think that protection by such
organizations as Amnesty International can be achieved beforehand.
RELATED COVERT METHODOLOGIES
The persons engaged in this harassment tend to become careless,
possibly the result of arrogance born of an assumption that nobody
can stop them. "Harassees" who have noted this carelessness have
furnished us with the following insights into the covert side of
these harassment activities.
* Impersonation of military officers.
One individual found that her next-door neighbor had claimed to be
a military intelligence officer, assigned to a space technology
unit in California, on year-long "TDY" (temporary duty) in the
individual's apartment building. It is subsequently determined
that this alleged officer is not in fact a member of the U.S. Armed
Forces; and that he had used this bogus status to acquire
information from a major defense contractor. Our contact is
certain that this person's apartment was used as a base of
harassment operations.
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
20 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2599, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
* Use of concealment devices, and emitters detected to date.
Several individuals and supportive associates report having seen
some of the electronic devices being used in these harassment
campaigns.
One saw electronic equipment concealed inside a false-front upright
piano being moved out of her apartment building. She had
previously noted that all of her surrounding neighbors had
identical upright pianos in their apartments, not one of which was
ever played.
Other suspected participants in the harassment may be concealing
devices in oversized stereo speakers, measuring approximately 5' in
height × 3'x3'. Several of our contacts have noted the presence of
such speakers in adjacent dwellings.
One individual was told by a resident of her building that her
upstairs neighbor has "microwave ovens" in his bedroom and
livingroom, but none in the kitchen.
Another individual, while standing outside, looked in her
neighbor's window to find that her bedroom appeared to be the
target of a gray-colored, elongated box-like device, measuring
approximately 1' in length x 5" in height (side view). A large,
black-framed lens protruded from the end facing her window. The
electrical cord, if any, was not visible from that vantage point.
The equipment was being operated by a stranger in a three-piece
suit, who appeared to be quite startled to find that he was being
observed.
Another was given strong reason to believe that portable emitters
are being concealed in oversized, extremely heavy, sometimes
expandable "briefcases" for use in places of public assembly, such
as meeting halls, auditoriums and restaurants. Smaller varieties
are apparently being used on aircraft.
On a 3-hour flight, our contact noticed that the man sitting next
to her seemed peculiarly intent on keeping the attache case on his
lap propped open with his fingertips, while he gazed "blankly" into
the distance during the entire flight. She believed that she was
being electronically harassed while on a flight (a common
complaint, in most of these cases now being investigated).
Our contact reports that, when they prepared to land, the man
opened his attache case to hastily check his contents, thus
disclosing the presence of a raised, built-in "concealment device"
covering the entire bottom surface of the attache case. The low-
slung, lift-off cover did not appear to be capable of concealing a
laptop computer. At one point during the flight -- apparently
aware that his "reverie" was inviting attention, -- the man devoted
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
21 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2602, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
approximately ten minutes to scribbling assorted entries on a sheet
of lined paper, which he had placed on top of the briefcase two
hours previously. He devoted roughly ten minutes to the effort
(obviously preferring a pen to a laptop computer). His attache
case remained ajar during this process. (5)
One individual reports that mobile emitters may be installed in
certain oversized, non-attributed medical emergency vehicles,
possibly for the eventual use in civil disturbances. Her
unsuccessful attempts at following the "medical emergency" vehicle
which had surfaced in her case ended with a high-speed chase.
The phony military intelligence officer, when recently moving out
of our contact's apartment building, was found to possess a device
which resembles an oversized microwave oven, measuring
approximately 4' in width × 2' in height x 2 1/2' in depth. A
subsequent examination of his apartment revealed that he had tapped
numerous additional lines into existing, in-house telephone and TV
cables; and that he had gone to great pains to conceal a major
excavation into one wall abutting the "harassee's." Judging from
photographs taken immediately after this person's departure, the
wiring suggests that he was hooked by modem into a computer
network, and at least of some of his electronic equipment was
situated in a large walk-in closet, again abutting the
"harassee's."
When the alleged officer moved out, his equipment (except for the
oversized "microwave oven") was packaged in boxes identifying the
contents only as stereo components. During his year-long residency
in this building, no sounds emanated from his apartment to indicate
use of this "stereo" equipment.
* Use of modified license plates and vehicle look-alikes.
Some individuals have noted that their neighbors' vehicles are
periodically replaced (during peak periods of harassment) by others
which qualify as "rough look-alikes." These tags on the latter
closely resemble those on the homeowners' vehicles, with a
difference being noted in only one digit or one letter. These
modified plates appear to have been acquired through State DMV
channels, thus suggesting government/intelligence agency
involvement.
In one case, where the individual has obtained police assistance,
tracking of one plate surfaced evidence of a drug connection. The
plate rapidly disappeared from the vehicle in question, to be
replaced by another, again bearing a one-letter modification.
* Use of neighbors' residences as bases of operation and
training.
http://www.raven1.net/microwav.htm
22 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2478, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
One individual recently saw a team of "technicians" in the house
behind hers - a consequence of the team's failure to close the
curtains and/or dim the lights when puttering around the kitchen at
5:00 in the morning. The three men (strangers to this individual,
all stripped down to their T-shirts) behaved as if they were
unaware that they were being watched. Their observer had long
suspected that this house was being used as a base of electronic
harassment operations. The harassment had been going on throughout
the night.
To provoke a response from these men, the individual eventually
commented aloud on their activities. They responded immediately by
turning the lights off and switching to the use of flashlights.
Why they failed to close the curtain is unknown.
This individual is working with the police in a effort at ending
this surveillance and harassment, with mixed results.
***
Another individual, paying a surprise visit to the apartment
upstairs, overheard one of her own telephone conversations being
played on a tape recorder inside that apartment. Lacking both a
legitimate pretext to enter the apartment and the support of the
building's management personnel and/or the police, she was
prevented from pursuing this further. Her upstairs neighbor is
purportedly employed by Stanford University Hospital, in Stanford,
The target of surveillance and harassment in this case is still
also trying to recover from the effects of exposure to potentially
lethal doses of radiation, administered in the 1970's by a
dangerously "incompetent" dentist. This might explain the
involvement of alleged Stanford University Hospital personnel in
her situation.
The government is on record as having experimented on unwitting
U.S. citizens with radioactive materials during the 1970's (and
earlier).(6) The House Subcommittee on Energy and Commerce based
their investigation into this matter on a 30-year accumulation of
documents maintained by the Department of Energy. Under the
circumstances, it will come as no surprise if it is ultimately
found that DoE has been involved in this woman's surveillance and
harassment.
***
Another individual paid a surprise visit to the apartment
immediately below hers, in the attempt to identify the source of
tremendous racket in her ventilation system. Standing outside the
door, she could hear an individual moving around, a short distance
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
23 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 393, "chars": 2686, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
from the door. She also heard the sound of rustling paper and the
steady, sonar-like "pinging" of some type of electronic device. In
response to her repeated knockings on the door, the person inside
simply stopped moving about. The sound of rustling paper (perhaps
a printout of some type) and the steady "...pin-ng!...pin-ng!"
sound continued. The occupant of this apartment resumed moving
about only after it was (incorrectly) believed that our contact had
departed the area. Typically, this situation could not be pursued
further.
***
All of those who live in apartment buildings report unusual
patterns of occupancy in the apartments surrounding their own;
i.e., upstairs, downstairs and on all sides. They have become
quite convinced -- if only because of the highly focused nature of
the systems being experienced -- that these surrounding apartments
are being used as bases of operation. Perhaps this encirclement
facilities studies of holographic human telemetries; or perhaps it
is intended to increase the prospect of brain entrainment by
electronic means ('entrainment" being one published objective
sought in mind control experiments). (7)
In examining this situation more closely, a number of individuals
have found that surrounding apartments are either permanently
vacant, for unknown reasons, or that they have been "sub-let" by
the original occupants to persons who are purportedly unknown to
the buildings' management personnel. In one case, the surrounding
renters all list two residences in the local telephone book. No
one lives in the apartment building in question, though the address
is identified as one of the renters' places of residence. One
individual suspects that the original occupants of apartments
surrounding hers have been simply relocated to other apartments in
the same (large) building. Another suspects that an adjacent
apartment, which has been permanently rented to the U.S. Government
for use by "visitors" is also being used as a base of operations.
One individual found that an immediate neighbor's housemate has the
same (unusual) name of a university professor who has engaged in
extensive research on behalf of the government, studying the
bioeffects of exposure to microwave radiation.
* Use of informants/agents provocateurs, frequently members
of the opposite sex.
As noted in the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Interior
and Insular Affair's draft report, Alyeska Pipeline Service Company
Covert Operation (July 1992), the Wackenhut Corporation's Special
Investigations Division adopted this tactic when pursuing Alyeska's
critics.
http://www.raven1.net/microwav.htm
24 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 374, "chars": 2610, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
A number of individuals in touch with us report a range of
experiences with new "friends" who -- apparently posing as
confidants -- used acquired personalia to abruptly end these
"friendships" under deliberately degrading and humiliating
circumstances. When taken in the context of ongoing surveillance
and harassment, these exercises appear intended to heighten
emotional trauma, perhaps to provoke an uncontrolled response
and/or to enforce isolation.
* Misuse of covert intelligence personnel (possible former
case officers).
One individual while under contract to the U.S. Government,
properly reported what he believed to be an approach by a hostile
intelligence service. Within a few weeks, alleged U.S.
Intelligence officers contacted this individual. In addition to
questioning him about his background, these alleged intelligence
officers asked that he keep in constant contact with them,
particularly when planning to travel.
It soon became apparent that the alleged intelligence officers were
intent only on forcing this individual to report to them as
directed, and to account for his activities. He was not asked to
assist the U.S. Government in any form of intelligence operation;
he was not asked to execute any form of secrecy affirmation
statement acknowledging the classified nature of these meetings;
nor was he told why these meetings -- involving a total of seven
alleged case officers -- were necessary.
When he began to balk at a continuation of this process, one of his
"handlers" conveyed a threat, suggesting that his continued
compliance might be "enforced." Finally, when this individual
adamantly refused to corporate further, massive overt harassment
commenced and is currently ongoing.
The operation (clearly intended to bully this individual into
submissive compliance for purposes which are still unknown)
involved crude tactics formerly prized by the KGB.
Whether or not legitimate U.S. Intelligence case officers were
involved in this activity remains to be determined. Some private
firms retain former U.S. Intelligence case officers for contracting
out as "security specialist." The founder and CEO of one such firm
(Gerald P. Burke, The Parvus Company, Silver Spring, MD) has
informed us that the activities of contract case officers are
neither monitored nor subjected to formal restraint.
* Use of psychotropic drugs by cooperative physicians.
Shortly after resigning from the CIA, one of our contacts underwent
a range of experiences which suggested that she had been massively
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
25 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 403, "chars": 2661, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
drugged. One of the alleged perpetrators, whom we have met,
alternately claims to be employed by NASA and/or by a firm in
Miami, handling, "microwave equipment." NASA has no record of this
person under the name furnished.
The "experimentee" ultimately sought the assistance of a
psychiatrist, whom her parents had located as a referral. The
psychiatrist treated her reported "flashbacks" by immediately
placing her on a regimen of Stelazine, which quickly aggravated her
condition. He also made comments to this individual which
suggested that he had a foreknowledge of her situation, and that he
was cooperating with U.S. Intelligence. On one occasion the
psychiatrist intimated that our contact might be employable as an
assassin; and he repeatedly urged her to move to Great Britain
where, he said, she would be put in touch with an unidentified
Member of Parliament.
Interestingly, he had a tremendous computer system in his office
suite, which he explained as being connected by modem into a
national level system which, in turn, connected to private
residences. When showing her this equipment, the psychiatrist
informed our contact that she had been "CAT scanned," pointing out
that she was the subject of a vast series of "A's" and "B's" being
printed out by one of the many terminals at his disposal.
Our contact also found out that this psychiatrist kept a military
uniform in his closet which bore the rank and insignia of a three-
star general.
The individual ultimately sought psychiatric support elsewhere.
Her new psychiatrist, formerly employed by DoD, immediately put her
on a regimen of Haladol Decanoate, Klonopin and Benzatropine. The
combined effect of these drugs was loss of memory and a state of
mind which, under other circumstances, might be diagnosed as
Depersonalization or Dissociative Disorder. All three drugs proved
to be highly addictive. Our contact, since severing contact which
this psychiatrist as well, has finally successfully overcome the
addiction.
***
Another individual -- the one whose psychiatrist had informed her
of her role in a "Pavlovian Experiment" - was subjected to
attempted drugging by Trazodone, one of the strongest sedatives on
the market. The psychiatrist in question kept no record of the
individual's outpatient visits, nor of her Trazodone prescriptions.
Being unaware that the individual was not adhering to his regimen,
the psychiatrist urged her rapidly to increase her dosage, renewing
her 30-day prescription after a period of only 11 days.
Though aware of her heart condition, he failed to monitor her
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
26 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 388, "chars": 2651, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
condition, dismissing her complaints of (electronically-induced)
pains in her heart as inconsequential. Trazodone is know to
aggravate heart conditions. Perhaps the intent was to have this
individual succumb to a "heart attack" as the result of "imagined"
government harassment. Neither the appropriate psychiatric society
nor the FBI would touch this case.
***
Another individual (a clear target of retaliation) sought medical
assistance to counter sudden massive headaches and recurrent
attacks of vomiting - effects which can be produced by infrasound.
The physician to whom she was referred (an alleged specialist in
Internal Medicine) placed her on a combination of Compazine and
Xanax, prescribing dosages which the Physicians' Desk Reference
warns against.
Compazine, in addition to being an anti-emetic, is used in the
treatment of psychotic disorders. It can also cause dyskinesia, an
irreversible syndrome involving loss of motor control. Xanax is
known to induce vomiting. Both drugs can lead to dependance and a
worsening of the patient's condition. The effects of all such
drugs, in fact, can be mutated in high-energy fields, thus
increasing the likelihood of adverse reactions.
We have recently found that this prescribing "physician" is not
licensed to practice medicine in the State of which she has been
practicing since at least 1989.
Our contact, being concerned about the long-term effects of Xanax
and Compazine, consulted another physician in the same office. The
physician immediately prescribed Prozac, failing to concurrently
recommend that her patient discontinue the Xanax and Compazine
prescriptions. When our contact refused to take any psychotropic
drugs, the doctor became upset and asked, "Don't you want to get
welliạị
This second physician is a licensed practitioner in Internal
Medicine, with no background in Psychiatry. We also found that she
apparently refers her patients to yet a third physician in the
office who claims to be a psychiatrist. She, too, is licensed to
practice Internal Medicine, only. Her receptionist described this
third physician as having a psychiatric "sub-specialty,"... "as an
internist." The receptionist also informed us that this internist
"is treating a number of psychiatric patients."
On pursuing this further, we find that these physicians are in a
small "medicine group" which is not listed by specialty in standard
regional telephone directories. The group bears the same name as
one of the CIA's most infamous recruited physicians (perhaps best
described as "the Mengele of MKULTRA").
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
27 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2619, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
The doctor's offices are located in a bank building, which, we have
found, is a favored hiding place for security-oriented business and
government agencies. Two computer firms, co-located with an
attorney who represents "Island Resort Development, Ltd.," are
situated immediately beneath the doctors' offices. The prospect of
finding island resort developments within 500 miles of this
attorney's office is limited.
Our contact, being apprised of these findings, is seeking medical
help elsewhere.
***
In two of our cases, urologist took it upon themselves to play the
role of "psychiatrist"; i.e., they rendered psychiatric diagnoses
and prescribed psychotropic drugs. One of these urologist,
employed by The Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN, prescribed Haldol,
informing our contact that he perceived her to be "psychotic." His
efforts at getting a Clinic psychiatrist to confirm this diagnosis
were unsuccessful. The psychiatrist, apparently a rare individual
who subscribes to codes of medical ethics, found nothing wrong with
this woman, even given the nature of her complaints. The
urologist's response to this was to issue his own Haldol
prescription. Sensing that something was amiss, the woman refused
to have the prescription filled.
***
Yet another individual ended up in the hands of a psychiatrist who,
as a purported means of ending the stress associated with her
harassment, offered to put her under hypnosis. She described the
hypnotic state as "equivalent to floating" and (based on her
overall experiences with this physician) has not ruled out the
possibility that drugs may have been surreptitiously administered.
The psychiatrist claimed to be interested in psychic phenomena and
demonstrated an apparently remarkable ability to read the
individual's mind.
While in her "hypnotic state, the individual felt like a sharp,
painful pressure inside her nose, as if something were being shoved
up her nostrils to the sinus cavities. She awoke to find blood
pouring from her nostrils. The psychiatrist casually dismissed
this as owing to a probable cold.
Shortly after the experience, the individual began to hear loud
tones in her head, followed in due coarse by auditory input. Brain
scans have failed to yield evidence of an implant device. (We have
recommended that she undergo a scan by means of a suitably adapted
non-linear junction detector, as a preliminary.) Suffice to say,
this individual has severed contact with the psychiatrist and is
continuing to cope with the ongoing overt electronic harassment by
http://www.raven1.net/microwav.htm
28 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 406, "chars": 2713, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
other non-medical means.
* Use of medical implant devices.
The situation just described is not our first encounter with the
apparent use of medical implant devices in these harassment/mind-
control cases. Another of our contacts began receiving auditory
input roughly 15 years after she had a 4 mm. cochlear implants
placed in her ears. The "voices" claimed to be affiliated with the
CIA and, among other things, expressed intentions of running this
woman as an agent in denied areas by "piggybacking" their audio
transmissions onto standard FM frequencies to avoid detection.
We have been unable to locate the surgeon who implanted these
devices, though we do have a copy of his operative reports. A
recent CAT scan of this individual failed to disclose the presence
of the cochlear implants.
Several years ago, the individual (now a psychologist) applied for
a position with the CIA. She was interviewed by four Langley-
based, purported psychologist, who allegedly informed her that her
job would involve the assessments of certain criminals for purposes
of weighing their purposes for loyalty to this agency.
During these interviews, she was told to read several books by such
persons as Philip Agee, Stansfield Turner and Ralph McGehee, all of
whom were unknown to her. The alleged psychologist claimed that
these authors had described the CIA "as it really is." Our contact
was not asked to execute a security affirmation statement
acknowledging the classified nature of these proceedings.
The unconventional manner of this interview process suggested that
this individual was being toyed with, for reason which remain to be
determined. She did not get the job and in fact more recently lost
her job with a state penitentiary. She was fired on the
recommendation of the prison's psychiatrist, because of her
insistence that she is receiving auditory input from the CIA
personnel who persist in feeding her classified information.
Interestingly, though this individual was deemed unfit to function
as a psychologist in the penitentiary system, the State rehired
her, assigning her to a mental health facility where, apparently,
she is to develop a behavioral modification program for retarded
adults with a diagnosed mental illness.
This individual claimed to be receiving and responding to
externally-induced auditory "advice" while working with prison
inmates. It may be presumed that the process will continue. Under
the circumstances, we have to wonder if this case qualifies as a
benchmark in mind-control experimentation; i.e., employment of a
mind-controlled psychologist to run the equivalent of mind-control
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
29 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 2495, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
experiments on mentally-ill retarded adults. We will continue to
monitor this situation.
***
The individual we previously identified as having challenged a
local power company also appears to have ben "tagged" by some type
of implant device. During a recent symposium, she was approached
by a man whose business card identifies him as "Program Manager,
Electromagnetic Radiation Division," DoE. His approach was
suitably sympathetic. Our contact ultimately accepted this man's
invitation to continue discussing their common ranges of interest
in his hotel room. During this meeting, she accepted the offer of
a drink, blacked out after consuming it, and woke up four hours
later, still in this man's hotel room, to find that the back of her
ear had been punctured and was bleeding. There was no evidence of
sexual assault. The man glibly evaded this woman's request for an
explanation. She has since found two adjacent puncture marks
behind her ear, which are not healing properly, and between which
she can feel the presence of a "wire" measuring approximately 1/3"
in length. We are pursuing this further.
The said DoE Project Manager has more recently initiated contact
with yet another activist in touch with this Association. His call
was unsolicited. He apparently wanted to know to know if this
woman would be attending an upcoming conference. We have warned
the individual to avoid any form of private meeting with the said
Project Manager.
***
To date, we are aware of three cases involving clandestine behavior
on the part of alleged DoE employees. The CIA figures prominently
(if peculiarly) in the majority of the other cases. Two of those
have been discussed above.
I another, also involving auditory input, the individual is certain
that the current Director of Central Intelligence (DCI)
participated in the "voice transmission" process on at least one
occasion. She claims to have recognized his voice. When she
commented aloud on the DCI's perceived involvement in this
experimentation, the "voice" responded with studdered and stammered
denials. We are told that this particular "voice" has not been
heard from since.
***
In yet another case involving auditory input, the individual has
allegedly been informed by her "voices" that the technologies being
used against her were stolen from the CIA by a maverick employee,
whose group is not targeting her from a distance of 2,000 miles.
http://www.ravenl.net/microwav.htm
30 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2531, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
She reported this to the DCI's office and was allegedly informed by
the Deputy DCI that she will be awarded millions of dollars if she
can produce the equipment and any of the personnel involved in her
harassment.
One usually-candid CIA spokesman also allegedly informed this
individual that, "while the CIA does not deny having this
equipment," they "do not use it in this country." Perhaps this
explains why a number of our contacts have also been electronically
harassed while traveling overseas.
This woman has also been repeatedly assured by CIA DDS (security)
personnel of the Agency's sincere concern for her welfare. During
a recent telephone conversation with that Office, we confirmed that
she is indeed known to the CIA. Based on this, we asked that the
Agency "put its money where its mouth is," so to speak, by
conducting a long-term electronic sweep of this individual's
premises. That was two months ago. No sweep has been conducted,
though CIA spokesmen continue to "sympathize" with her predicament.
***
Another individual, a target of harassment and experimentation
since 1952 (apparently singled out because of his student activism
while at Penn State University) began hearing "voices" after having
most of his teeth capped. He has been more recently been informed
by his "handlers" that implanted devices are no longer used for
purposes of inducing auditory input. No explanation was offered.
He was quite visibly surprised when informed by this investigator
that auditory input can be achieved solely by means of pulsed
microwave audiograms (discussed in Part I of this report).
The individual's "handlers" allegedly have also stated that their
experiments on U.S. citizens are in pursuit of a variety of
objectives; viz.,
(1) develop an effective means for creating a perfect,
"robotized" soldier;
(2) alter individual sexual performances, such as by turning
heterosexuals into homosexuals (they allegedly claim to
be having "difficulties" reversing the process): and
(3) enhance and destroy levels of academic achievement, at
will, such as by degrading the performance of otherwise
brilliant students, and by drastically improving the
performance of poor students.
Given the technology at the government's disposal and a
predisposition of the part of certain governmental agencies to
"play God" in experimental fashion with citizens' lives, these
purported projects do not come across as being totally far-fetched.
http://www.raven.l.net/microwav.htm
31 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2755, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
***
Another case involves a woman whose experiences suggest that she,
too, is an MKULTRA experimentee being kept on the books, so to
speak. The woman, apparently a "pet' experimentee, found herself
being introduced to a wide array of prominent individuals whose
connections with the CIA she believed to be quite apparent. One of
those she states, was Robert Jay Lifton, a well-known author and
expert on brainwashing, whose books include "The Nazi Doctors:
Medical Killing and the Psychology of Genocide" (Basic Books,
1986).
Her experiences included a voluntary ("referral') admission to
Hollywood Hospital, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, in 1973,
during an era when MKULTRA experiments at the Alan Memorial
Institute, McGill University, Montreal, Canada, were only beginning
to capture the attention of the U.S. Senate. (8)
More recently, in 1990, she was transported to New York
University's Cameron Medical Center, in Westchester, NY (under
circumstance which qualify as an abduction), where she was forcibly
wrestled to the ground by approximately six Center staffers and
forcibly confined for a period of approximately three weeks. She
was neither psychiatrically counseled nor formally tested while in
that facility. The psychiatrists assigned to her case appeared
more intent on forcing her to take a combination of neuroleptic
drugs, to include Haldol, Navane, and Cogentin. (Haldol and Navane
can cause tardive dyskinesia.) She resisted those attempts.
A court ultimately ordered this woman released from the Center,
stipulating that she was not to be administered drugs. On
subsequently acquiring her medical records, under conditions which
prevented censoring or doctoring those records, she found that her
psychiatrists had planned to inject her with drugs (in defiance of
the court order) on the day of her release. As luck would have it,
she was released a day early.
The woman states that she has met Budd Hopkins, of the Intruders
Foundation, and that she had a long-term, confiding relationship
with John E. Mack, Professor of Psychiatry, Harvard Medical School,
and the founding Director of the Center for Psychological Studies
in the Nuclear Age (previously named, Research Program for the
Study of Human Continuity; and, still previously, rumored to have
cooperated with the CIA in studies of "human ecology").
At one point in their relationship, Professor Mack apparently
accompanied this woman to a "support group" meeting of UFO
abductees, who, she observed bemusedly, "spent their time comparing
[extraterrestrially] implanted devices." Professor Mack is on
record as promoting the perception that UFO abductions are
legitimate. (9)
http://www.raven1.net/microwav.htm
32 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 356, "chars": 2489, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
We frankly doubt that extraterrestrials who have a means to commute
intergalactically would stoop to implanting comparatively devices
in human beings. However, should it be proved that the
psychiatrist, surgeon and DoE Project Manager above are
extraterrestrials posing as humans, we will be happy to weigh that
information. If it is similarly established to the vehicular
"abduction" of the woman discussed above was the work of an
extraterrestrial named Kaplan, who was posing as a human with
Cornell Medical Center connections, we will be happy to ponder that
as well.
In the meantime, it would seem reasonable that the government would
want the public to believe that extraterrestrial visitations are on
the upswing. Mind-altering drugs, externally-induced auditory
input, holographic projections (also a DoD capability), (10)
appropriately focused directed-energy targeting, device
implantations, special effects and abductions are all within this
government's capabilities and can be used for purposes of creating
illusions of UFO experiences. Persons not cognizant of this might
be more inclined to fall for the UFO mythologies now being
officially "legitimized."
***
Other cases, possibly involving U.S. Navy Intelligence, NSA, the
Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) and, peripherally, members of the
former Soviet Bloc intelligence services will be discussed in
further reports.
HARASSMENT OBJECTIVES
In his book, Psychiatry and the CIA: Victims of Mind Control, Dr.
Harvey Weinstein quotes the following passage from a book entitled,
A battle for the Mind: A Physiology in Conversion and
Brainwashing, by William Sergeant (Greenwood Press, Westport, CT,
1957):
"By increasing the prolong stress in various ways, or inducing
physical debilitation, a more thorough alteration of the person's
thinking process may be achieved. ...If the stress or physical
debilitation, or both, are carried one stage further, it may happen
that patterns of thought and behavior, especially those of recent
acquisition, become disrupted. New patterns can then be
substituted, or suppressed patterns allowed to reassert themselves;
or the subject might begin to think or act in ways precisely
contradict his former ones.
'''...If a complete sudden collapse can be produced by prolonging or
intensifying emotional stress, the cortical slate may be wiped
clean temporarily of its more recently implanted patterns of
http://www.raven1.net/microwav.htm
33 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2366, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
behavior, perhaps allowing others to be substituted more easily."
Dr. Weinstein then comments: "The parallel with [Dr. Ewen]
Cameron's theory of differential amnesia is striking, and the
relationship to brainwashing is abundantly clear." (11) Dr.
Cameron, employed by McGill University's Allan Memorial Institute
in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, between 1943 and 1964, conducted
brainwashing experiments upon select, non-volunteer psychiatric
patients on behalf of the CIA. Dr. Weinstein's father was one of
Cameron's victims.
Sergeant's theorems and Cameron's associated experimental findings
appear to be the driving force behind the harassment and
experimentation now being reported to this Association. All of
these individuals are being subjected to a series of overlapping
circumstances which apparently are meant to induce and sustain
long-term extremes of stress. All of these individuals have been
effectively isolated. Unethical psychiatrists and physicians are
involved in the majority of these cases. Mind-altering
prescription drugs are being used for clearly non-therapeutic
purposes. Evidence of LSD use is also beginning to surface (one of
Cameron's favored mind-altering substances). And "psychic driving"
techniques -- Cameron's pet brainwashing method -- are involved in
all these cases, to a much greater and more potentially effective
degree where auditory input is involved.
The long-term objectives of these harassment and experimentation
campaigns appear to be quite fundamental; viz.,
(1) induce a sense of perverted "loyalty" toward the very
agencies engaged in the individual's harassment, to
confuse his or her priorities where the possibility of
obtaining legal redress might be concerned;
(2) redirect the targeted individual's feelings of
hopelessness, anger and frustration toward racial and
ethnic groups, and toward select, prominent political
figures, to include the President of the United States;
and
(3) force the individual to commit an act of violence,
whether suicide or murder, under conditions which he can
be plausibly denied by the government.
An operation's ultimate success apparently hangs on this latter
objective. We have successfully obstructed this process in a
number of cases now being investigated.
THE "STALKER' PHENOMENON
http://www.raven1.net/microwav.htm
34 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 420, "chars": 2740, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
In recent weeks, considerable publicity has been given the trauma
of the victim's of "stalkers" (persons who obsessively surveil,
harass and, in some cases, kill targeted individuals for assorted,
unfathomable reasons). Movie stars that have been stalked
recurrently make the news. Stalking, as a problem, is in fact
becoming widespread, to a point where, in some States, the activity
has finally been specifically proscribed by law.
The individuals in contact with our Association are reporting the
same terrifying ranges of experiences as are now being reported by
the press on behalf of other victims stalkers. The only difference
in the cases reported to us is that the stalkers operate in groups
over extremely long periods of time, and (it would appear) with the
blessings of certain agencies of the U.S. Government. The laws
being passes to protect victims of stalkers are clearly being
selectively applied. We hope to put an end to this situation; that
is, in addition to achieving the objects discussed above.
It should be noted that the FBI, though unwilling to intervene in
the cases described above recently intervened on a massive scale to
protect Joy Silverman, a Bush-appointed trustee of the J.F. Kennedy
Center for the Performing Arts, from the ardent "stalkings" of her
estranged paramour, Sol Wachtler, Chief Justice, Court of Appeals
in the State of New York. (12)
Wachtler had apparently threatened to kidnap Silverman's daughter
if not paid $20,000. Since no kidnapping had occurred, the case
qualified merely as an attempted extortion, a question arises as to
why the New York State Police could not have handled this
investigation. Mr. Silverman resides in New York.
It would appear that the FBI devoted more than 100 agents and
technicians to the effort, resolving the case within approximately
30 days. On November 7, 1992, the day of his arrest, Wachtler ran
a gauntlet of 80 FBI special agents on the Long Island Expressway.
Apparently the FBI does not have enough to do, if staking out a
lone stalker is their top priority. We have to wonder, of course,
if the FBI's massive response was prompted by what was perceived to
be Wachtler's usurpation of governmental stalking prerogatives.
Mrs. Silverman's $300,000 donations to Republican Party causes
could be considered a basis for the FBI's solicitous concern for
her welfare. It would appear, under the circumstances, that the
"stalking victims" discussed above -- being by now poverty-stricken--
should abandon all hope of FBI intervention in their respective
situations. FBI protection appears to have a price tag, which not
one of our contacts can afford.
Footnotes
http://www.raven1.net/microwav.htm
35 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2676, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
http://www.raven1.net/microwav.htm
(1) Peters, Edward, Torture, Basil Blackwell, Inc., New
York/London, 1985
(2) The Plain Dealer, Cleveland, OH, June 28, 1991, p.4-B
("Psychiatrist Testifies at mom's Hearing"); November 6, 1991,
(Woman Ruled Competent for Triali and December 21, 1991, p. 4-C
("Ruling Expected Monday on Sanity of Parma Mother/Woman says she
stabbed her 3 children to protect them").
(3) The Washington Post, June 1, 1991, p. C-1 (iVoices' Led to
Tragedy for 2 Men/Pentagon Suspect's Mother Says Institutions
Should Have Held Son") and December 14, 1991, p. D-3 ('Suspect in
Pentagon Killing Is Found Unfit to Stand TrialỊ.
(4) The Washington Post, September 4, 1992, p. D-3 (iFreight Train
kills Woman Near Home in Silver SpringạỊ.
(5) Jane's Security and Co-In [Counter-Insurgency] Equipment,
(Surrey, UK, 1991-92), as a preliminary source, contains a number
of references to attache-case concealment devices, for use in
surveillance/communications operations. The electronic components
are built into the bottom interior of these cases. Obviously the
man just described could not have carried a "microcircuitried"
attache case aboard a U.S. airliner without first clearing
security. We were advised by a former CIA DDS (Security) employee
that credential-carrying members of U.S. Intelligence can bypass
airport security checks of their carry-on luggage.
(6) Paul Pioneer Press Dispatch, October 15, 1986, p. 1-AạiU.S.
Used Humans for Radiation Guinea Pigs:).
(7) See, for example, Weinstein, Harvey M., M.D., Psychiatry and
the CIA: Victims of Mind Control, American Psychiatric Press,
Washington, D.C., 1990; Marks, John, The Search for the "Manchurian
Candidate" The CIA and Mind Control, Times Books, New York, 1979;
Delgado, Jose M. R., M.D., Physical Control of the Mind: Toward a
Psychocivilized Society, Harper & Row, New York, 1969; and
Hutchison, Michael, Megabrain: New Tools and Techniques for Brain
Growth and Mind Expansion, Ballatine Books, New York, 1986.
(8) According to a Vancouver Sun archivist, Hollywood Hospital,
Ltd. (a privately-owned institution), went out of business in 1975,
two years after this woman's hospitalization and after
approximately 30 years of doing business. The event coincided with
findings by the U.S. Senate Church Committee concerning the CIA's
brainwashing experiments under MKULTRA. Our contact also
identified the Director of the Hollywood Hospital as Dr. Ross
MacLean -- information also confirmed by the Vancouver Sun.
Nothing in these records, copies of which are being obtained,
points to CIA involvement with the hospital. Perhaps a portion of
36 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 183, "chars": 1339, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Microwaves and Mind Control
history has been overlooked. Cornell Medical Center's role in
MKULTRA is a matter of public record. (See, for example, Thomas,
Gordon, Journey Into Madness: The True Story of the CIA Mind
Control and Medical Abuse, Bantam Books, New York, 1989).
(9) The Roper Organization, Unusual Personal Experiences: An
Corp., Las Vegas, NY, 1991. Contributors lending "credibility" to
this publication include John Mack and Budd Hopkins.
(10) Defense Week, October 19, 1992, Vol. 13, No. 41, pp. I & II,
("Pentagon, State [Department] Collaborate on Counterterror Gear").
(11) Op. cit., Weinstein, pp. 140-141.
(12) The Washington Post, November 10, 1992, p. A-1 (iAn Unlikely
Suspect for Scandal/Top N.Y. Judge Accused of Breaking Law in
Secret Life').
There can never be any justification for torture. It creates an
escalation of violence in the internal affairs of states. It
spreads like a contagious disease from country to country. It has
brutalizes the torturer. It is fundamental duty as human beings to
this evil.
[Amnesty International, February 1990, in the context of the U.S.
Government's continuing failure to ratify the U.N. Convention
Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or
Punishment, dated December 10, 1984]
http://www.raven1.net/microwav.htm
Home
37 of 37
1/13/2009 12:51 PM
