{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-09T15:04:38Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4753923, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117908-assoc-national-sec-alumni-summary-microwave-harassment-paper-nov-1993.pdf", "source_sha256": "3febc83522322fbe3bdd56fb288e4ff975ff27f0d9e4e3cbb104d43ae2ea1229"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2929, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
Assessment from The Association of National Security Alumni
The Association of National Security Alumni is a Maryland-based organization
composed primarily of former US national security establishment employees who oppose
the use of covert operations. The Association letterhead declares their credo:
'...Covert actions are counterproductive and damaging to the national interest of the
United States. They are inimical to the operations of an ejective national intelligence
system and corruptive of civil liberties, including the functioning of the judiciary and a
free press. Most importantly, they contradict the principles of democracy, national self-
determination and international low to which the United States is publicly committed. ' 15
In 1992, an Association sub-group known as the Electronic Surveillance Project
published a preliminary investigative report, entitled 'Microwave Harassment & Mind
Control Experimentation', which detailed the covert deployment and testing of emerging
behavior-modifying direct-energy technologies on US citizens against whom the United
States Government has no legitimate legal or moral claim. The initial study investigated
the claims of 12 alleged victims of covert harassment and experimentation. By mid-1993
the Association had been contacted by approximately 72 victims, and at the same time of
this writing has been approached by over 200 such individuals.
In a 1993 supplement to the original report, written by Julianne McKinney, Director of
the Electronic Surveillance Project and author of the initial report, it states:
'While the majority of these "experiments" reside in the United States, a number of
virtually identical complaints have also been received from England, Canada and
Australia. It would appear that these activities are also ongoing on the European
continent, and in the former Soviet Union. Connections between this global pattern of
activity and the objectives of the so-called New World Order remain to be determined.
The categories of types of complaints being received by this Project have also changed
since publication of this report. Survivors of certain satanic cults alleged to protect the
interests of government and military 'political satanists' in this country, former
Vietnam-era 'programmed assassins', prison inmates, and so-called UFO abductees' are
now reporting an array of experiences (and symptoms) which are remarkably similar to
those addressed in this report. Experimental drugs, induced auditory input, vicious overt
harassment, attempted psychiatric discrediting (unless the experimentee dutifully claims
to be a UFO abductee), and an extremely painful array of externally-induced symptoms
are included in this shared panoply of experiences. '
.. . .
Armed with information gathered during investigations by the Electronic Surveillance
Project, as well as the testimony of the individuals whose cases the Project has studied,

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 430, "chars": 3170, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
McKinney suggested in her letter that the 'recipe' for a successful revolution in military
affairs' (RMA) was, in fact, considered some 30 years ago and may presently consist of
the following ingredients:
'Satanic Cults; UFO cults; Directed-Energy Technologies;
Neurocybernetics/Psychotechnologies; Biotechnologies/Experimental Drugs;
Multinational Government Contractors and Subsidiaries; Investment Portfolios and
Other Financial Inducements; Imported Foreign National Scientists; A Controlled and
Compliant Media; Decentralised US Government Control; An Induced Crime Wave. ' 19
Julianne McK inney herself is a former US Army intelligence officer who apparently ran
operatives out of Berlin. Bearing this in mind, it is perhaps reasonable to assume that she
would have a fair understanding of the typical mindset of members of the national
security establishment, and that her list of 'ingredients' may therefore be based on
something more than idle and uninformed speculation. One 'experimentee' from whom
this author recently received correspondence refers to Ms McKinney's assessment as
"impeccable military know-how.
McKinney wryly (and accusingly) suggests in her missive to Metz and Kievit of the SSI
that the above ingredients might result in their desired 'revolution in military affairs' if
combined in the following manner:
'Instructions:
"I. Raise one or two generations of children under the auspices of government-approved
satanic cults, such as Col. (USA Ret.) Michael Aquino's Temple of Set. Violent sexual,
physical and psychological abuse of these children over a period of 15 years will produce
generations of dissociative automatons who will comply with instructions in obedient,
unquestioning fashion. Their required adherence to cult tenets precludes any
consideration of laws governing US society, generally. Cult programmed "graduates",
among other things will be expected to participate in contrived UFO abduction scenarios.
"2. Create a global UFO cult, which will involve the abduction of citizens so as to foster
an illusion that this earth is facing an extraterrestrial invasion. UFO abductees-of-
preference will have an expertise in computer technologies, since that expertise will be
required in future technocratic RMA (Revolution in Military Affairs) scenarios. Use of
experimental drugs, holographic projection capabilities, directed-energy technologies,
induced auditory input, experimental aircraft, and special effects costuming and
stagecraft, among other things, will be used to persuade abductees of the reality of their
circumstances. Official denials regarding these events will employ reverse psychology to
ensure that all such denials are taken as official confirmation of an imminent and/or
ongoing extraterrestrial invasion. UFO abductees will be persuaded to worship their
anticipated extraterrestrial 'conquerors' in cult-enforced religious fashion. UFO cult
networks will be controlled by US Intelligence to limit infiltration and ensure that
dissidents do not disrupt UFO cult long-term agendas. Uncontrollable dissidents will be
assassinated, preferably by directed-energy means. Dissociative Satanic cult graduates

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 469, "chars": 3431, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
will handle all such executions: i.e., when not actively lending logistical and theatrical
support to UFO abduction operations.
"3. Directed-energy surveillance and weapons technologies of ALL types will be used for
purposes of spreading fear and confusion in the population at large (under deniable
cırcumstances), for eliminating persons deemed 'adversarial' to US national security
interests; and for spotting, assessing and manipulating potential recruits to RMA causes.
"4. Neurocybernetics and other psychotechnologies will be used to sow confusion and
hypochondria in the population at large. The symptoms and effects produced by these and
other directed-energy technologies will parallel the effects produced by various microbes,
viruses and chemical imbalances, thus compelling a large segment of society to seek
medıcal intervention which, in turn, will be a basis for their being used for medical
experimentation under 'voluntary' circumstances. Psychiatrists and psychologists will
play an important role in these experiments, particularly where denying the efficacy of
neurocybernetics/psychotechnologies is concerned. Citizens complaining of "hearing
voices' will be used as a basis for (generously) government-funded, schizophrenic-related
brain research, since comprehension and control of the human brain is critical to the
sustained success of any long-term RMA. (Total control of the human mind may have to
wait another century or so.) Satanic cult graduates, drug dealers, gang members recruited
off the streets, and foreign nationals will be housed at black-funded government expense
(under comparatively luxurious circumstances) and trained in the use of these directed-
energy technologies. (Technicians who may be obliged to drive targeted US citizens
insane or to their deaths do not need to be burdened by considerations of morality, ethics
or the US Constitution.)...
"5. Mix biotechnologies and experimental drugs generously throughout all of these
ingredients. The unsuspecting US citizen of today may be the cyborg soldier of
tomorrow.
"6. Multinational corporations under contract to the US Government play a very
important role in this recipe - particularly those engaged in the development of directed
energy surveillance and weapons technologies, and those in the business of
telecommunications. Corporations and their subsidiaries will have the primary
responsibility of experimenting on US citizens with directed-energy technologies under
appropriately-deniable circumstances; and of maintaining all records concerning the
results of that experimentation. Corporations will also systematically install surveillance
and directed-energy targeting systems in government and other office buildings, in public
establishments, in educational institutions, in apartment buildings, in neighbourhoods, on
streets and highways, and in prisons, jails and psychiatric institutions. The public's
attention will NOT be drawn to the antenna arrays and other ground-based devices and
wiring configurations being used for this purpose. The Global Positioning System (GPS)
will play an important part in these activities, with the expense to be sustained by
government-funded contractors. Centralised control of these surveillance and targeting
systems will be maintained in appropriately deployed bunkers, at an expense to be
assumed by black-funded corporate contractors. Contractors may toy with these systems

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 3415, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
on an occasional basis, such as by bringing down an airliner or two for test purposes
(such as, recently, near Pittsburgh); by inducing occasional targets of surveillance to
erupt into acts of violence involving mass murder; and by assassinating occasional sports
and public figures who exceed agreed-upon standards of mediocrity. However, no
concerted large-scale effort is permitted until the ingredients of this recipe have obtained
a 'proper mix"
"7. Investment portfolios and other financial inducements are critical to the long-term
success of this pending RMA. There is much money to be had in the development of
directed-energy systems and biotechnologies. Lucrative investment portfolios have a way
of keeping Members of Congress, owners of the Major Media and other public officials
silent. (Satanic cult "kiddies' trained porn stars serve an equally useful purpose, as do
demonstrations of the effectiveness of directed-energy technologies on more obstreperous
types; however, greed has long been recognised the primary mover and shaker in matters
covert and should be exploited accordingly.) Financial inducements otherwise have a way
of buying the continued co-operation of all persons participating in or directly
knowledgeable of the ingredients in this recipe,
"8. Out-of-work East Bloc military personnel and their vehicles and other equipment will
be brought into this country under the guise of a "UN" logo housed under comparatively
luxurious circumstances at black-funded corporate expense, for specialised urban/LIC
(low intensity conflict) training otherwise deniable DoD auspices. Use of a UN logo on
incoming vehicles and forms is to spread confusion and fear in the populace at large,
facilitating efforts by this government at eliminating that institution as a potentially
effective tool for peaceful change. Imported East Bloc soldiers will be paid as
mercenaries for employment in this country only when a proper mix of this recipe's
ingredients has been obtained.
"9. Foreign national scientists, predominantly from the Far and Near East and from
Germany and Russia, will be brought into this country to participate in such activities as
brain and biophysics research as they pertain to the further development of
neurocybernetics and other directed-energy technologies. Foreign nationals unlike most
Americans, are not burdened by early indoctrination concerning human rights vis-a-vis
lethal forms of involuntary human experimentation. Foreign national scientists have also
demonstrated greater capacity for imaginative (and obedient) scientific research than
exists indigenously in this country. Their brains must be picked.
"10. A controlled and compliant media is critical to sustained deniability in this
evolutionary process. The media will ignore complaints from US citizens regarding
growing evidence of police-state actions in this country, while concurrently landing the
military's advanced technologies as being the 'gentle' supplement to existing
conventional weapons systems. The media will also ensure that the public's attention is
kept diverted from more serious issues and, instead, that it is focused on hyped-up
"sleaze' events such as The Kneecapping of Nancy Kerrigan, O.J. Simpson's Problems
With Satanic Cult Murders, The Bobbing of Bobbitt, etc., etc. When pondering the
national security implications of an Amy Fischer, the public is not likely to notice the

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 536, "chars": 3655, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
antenna arrays springing up around this country like mushrooms, the inducing of "sick'
office buildings and public establishments by directed-energy means on an ever-widening
basis, or other similar indicators of an evolving RMA.
"11. Decentralised government control—a panacea currently being sought by a befuddled
American public to relieve their (contrived) economic woes—is one means by which
ACC oversight can be permanently eliminated. FCC monitoring of communications
frequencies might ultimately result in an untimely disclosure that those frequencies are
being used to facilitate implementation of a successful RMA and should therefore be
squelched. Decentralisation will be employed selectively and with mud diverting
Congressional fanfare, Law enforcement agencies will be subjected to greater centralised
control, as will those agencies and institutions such as the FDA which are currently
engaged in biomedical research. With the help of a compliant media, the centralisation of
these latter types of agencies will elude public attention.
"12. Crime in this country will be induced. The sales of illegal drugs and weapons reap
profits which help fund the foregoing. This activity is the preferred alternative to
increased taxes, since tax increases tend to alienate a public which already has doubt
about where its money is going. Drug dealers will be protected since they play an
important role in this recipe. Widespread addiction to illegal drugs and drug-sale profits
will serve to eliminate and neutralise a large (parasitic) segment of society which might
otherwise make undue demands for a "piece of the American Pie' (employment,
education, etc.). Drug addiction fosters a certain degree of crime; however, to ensure that
the public comprehends the need for martinet laws, expanded law enforcement
capabilities and greater numbers of prisons, crimes of a sensational nature will be induced
on a periodic basis which, with the help of the media, will lead to the public's voluntarily
agreeing to sacrifice its privacy for safety. Neurocybernetics, psychotechnologies,
biochemicals and directed-energy weapons and surveillance systems will be used to
induce acts of violence, ranging from simple one-time mass murders (such as in post
offices and on subway systems) to long-term serial killings involving cannibalism and
other gruesome deeds. Rape and child molestation will be facilitated by means of
directed-energy (radar) targeting of reproductive organs. The perpetrators of these crimes,
by claiming to hear 'voices' and to be the targets of radio-frequency harassment, will
serve two distinct purposes; viz., (1) they will enhance official deniability, since the
public is not yet prepared to believe their claims of mind-control experimentation; and (2)
they will hasten the public's abandoning of privacy for the sake of safety. Prison inmates
will be routinely targeted for experimentation. Those sociopathic and psychopathic
prisoners who show the greatest potential for future social disruption will be the most
likely to be paroled or to be allowed to escape before we proceed with Step 13, below.
"13. Mix the foregoing ingredients in calculated fashion until the order is given (in or
around the late 1990s) to commence with ' Total Chaos'. On that day, the order will be
given to activate ALL directed-energy systems at maximum amplitudes, i.e., office
buildings, private residences, on the streets and highways, in psychiatric wards, in prison
and jail systems, and in public establishments. Satanic cult members, who, until now,
have been held in relative abeyance, will be given the order to concurrently run rampant

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 471, "chars": 3091, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
for purposes of raping and butchering US citizens a' la Ruwanda [sic] while the latter are
preoccupied with trying to comprehend their extreme throes of pain, radio frequency
burns and rupturing internal organs. Satanic cult members will be aided in this process by
escaped prison inmates and psychiatric patients who, on the day in question, will find that
the doors in their detention facilities are no longer locked. Once this (relatively low-level)
Chaos has commenced, all previously regulated communications frequencies will be
overridden by a single transmission coming from an underground bunker; specifically,
the voice of an 'extraterrestrial' announcing that this country has been invaded from outer
space. TVs and radios which are not operating at the time will be activated by means of
technologies recently adopted for 'national emergency' purposes?° Viewers of TVs will
be addressed by a person garbed in special-effects extraterrestrial costuming and make-
up. The average US citizen, being gullible in cases involving "War of the Worlds"
scenarios and having no knowledge of the effects produced by amplified directed-energy
systems, will firmly believe that an extraterrestrial invasion is underway. UFO cultists,
persuaded that their equivalent of God had arrived will rush to their terminals and
assigned directed-energy emitters (on which the have been systematically trained), to
assist the 'invaders' in this takeover (while saving their own necks). Imported East Bloc
mercenaries will also be set loose upon the terrorised public to wreak their own unique
brutal brand of Havoc.
"14. Now comes your RMA. The DoD will intervene to put an end to the carnage merely
hinted at under Step 12, above. It is here the Army will be brought into the process. Being
of the opinion that upholding and defending the US Constitution the average US Army
soldier will willingly and obediently obey any order to intervene, particularly if the order
is given in the context of a posse comitatus. Simply put, the military will be induced to
take over this government in unsuspecting fashion, for purposes of trying to restore order
to circumstances which evolved over the past 30 years under their very noses.
Uncorrupted law entorcement officers will take part in this activity just as
enthusiastically as the military, in the belief that their services are needed to restore law
and order. US citizens who are currently tagged as 'dissident' will be re-tagged 'terrorist'
for removal to the concentration camps which are rumoured [to] be under construction in
this country, guarded by government-contracted security firms such as Wackenhutt [sic].
The average soldier having no basis for disbelief, will readily participate in these
roundups. Because the US military has demonstrated a remarkable inability to handle
concentration camps on a long-term basis, particularly when disruptive elements are
housed in the detainee population (ex: Guantanamo and Florida), executions of detainees
will commence. From then on, ..it doesn't really matter, does it? The revolution is
underway."
