{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T20:23:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1900105, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/117972-tesla-s-interest-in-anti-gravity.pdf", "source_sha256": "9952c774b5730aa121960b1a9b4db842eea334ec390089b5f878e9fa19765fe5"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 375, "chars": 2370, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 2
Subj:
Date:
From:
File:
Tesla's interest in anti-gravity
2/16/2004 4:27:27 PM Eastern Standard Time
XXX
Tesla'sFlyingMachine.pdf (498346 bytes) DL Time (50666 bps): < 3 minutes
All
Here's a short paper that
•sent me that quite nicely tracks the
fact that Nikola Tesla's lifelong interest was in fact primarily in
anti-gravity machines, not free energy, as conventional wisdom has it.
It is interesting to note that Tesla had performed a successful witnessed
anti-gravity experiment before the Wright Brothers had even flown.
Then, after our "govemment" and associated financial interests had turned
their back on him, he sold the technology with the help of the
Rockefellers and the FBI) to the Nazis after WWI and the dissolution of the
League of Nations. We then re-imported it from the Nazis after WWI under
"Project Paperclip" etc.
Von Braun and Robert Goddard were actually working on the development of
Tesla's anti-gravity program at Los Alamos, NIM in the late 1930s before the
Manhattan Project took off there - the rocketry, as always, being the cover
for the anti-gravity program.
X also has a fascinating thesis as to how "Project Paperclip" was the
result of terms negotiated by the Nazis after the stalemate at the end of
wwww. The stalemate was engendered by the fact that the Nazis, knowing
that the atomic bomb technology was already compromised (by Heisenberg and
others), bypassed the A-bomb, and went straight to the neutron bomb (Rommel
went to the Libyan desert to test this). They then surrounded the US at
the end of the war with U-boats with rocket-powered neutron bomb missiles
pointed at the US. This of course got the Nazis the surrender terms that
they wanted, and, as part of the deal, all the subs and crews were scuttled.
It is a matter of record that Oppenheimer said that the US built the A-bomb
with German help, and the timeline of its success three months after
Germany's surrender, supports this.
The Howard Hughes offshore drillship the Glomar "Explorer" was built to
retrieve these scuttled submarines, and not mine for undersea manganese
nodules as advertised (1 used to work with Glomar's Chief Engineer, though
we never discussed this aspect). It was also rumored to have retrieved
crashed UFOs.
" is recommended for more
on this alternate history. Available from his website.
Regards
File
Teslal
Anti-Gru,
:
!
i
i

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 605, "chars": 3765, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1:
Tesla's (real) Flying Machine
Nikola Tesla, what a great man — a real "superman" as O'Neill called him - but even
- this is not enough to describe the extent of his vision and truth revealing mind. "Who
is Tesla?" not surprisingly one might ask; unfortunately this is not the right place to find
this answer. There have been several biographies!) and documents about him, more or
less accurate, all in all sufficient to reveal hard evidence on an active and hasty "erasure"
of his figure and occultation of related inventions. This however is still not enough to
justify the entity of this oppression and misinformation. Who can see through the smoke
screen, created by the powers that be, can sense that these are not just the obvious
reasons for this historical "eradication". This brings us to the reason of the creation of this
document with the hope of bringing back to the world what has unjustly and oppressively
been removed. I believe that there are no better words than his own, taken from his own
interviews and publications, to indicate what his real secret (even if he did not intend to
keep it so forever) and his life long dream, dare I say obsession, really was. This is why I
will limit myself in illustrating excerpts of these important passages, which I have been
able to recover after months of research, so that they can be read one after the other for
major emphasis. Fortunately, not all truth has been erased and not all documents have
been minutely screened permitting the pieces of the puzzle to be put back bgether. I
consider this a simple but valuable report which will speak for itself and hopefuliy interest
those who have not yet been enlightened by the information "packed" books written by
William Lyne?), who has been an invaluable source and stands out between the gibberish
garbage and mystical baloney that I have read and found all around. Again, there are no
better words than Tesla's to describe our current "scientific" community situation and
tendency:
"The scientists of today have substituted mathematics for experiments and they
wander off through equation after equation and eventually build a mathematical structure
which has no relation to reality. They are metaphysicians rather than scientists. "3)
Another remarkable statement Tesla made was that "one can think clearly, but one
can be quite insane and think deeply". We have to think clearly, and not get sucked or
suckered into thinking deeply by our own mind conditioned by the brainwashing media.
If one carefully studies not only his life, but most importantly his interviews, Tesla's
real dream will emerge and this will explain and justify all the other actions he made
during his "electric revolution" - I have absolutely no doubt. Instead of creating then
diving into "supernatural" problems and deviated ideas one should start from the facts
that have already been clearly demonstrated in front of hundreds of people through as
many of his experiments. The transcripts and reports are right there under our noses, they
just have to be read and most of all understood - what else could Tesla have done for us
other than demonstrating (4) his advance in the field? What more could he have done I ask
myself than demonstrating in front of the highest figures in scientific research his
discoveries and interpretations which in the end were valid? Ask yourselves why so many
supposed scientists and mega-phD "dudes" still try to debunk his most critical views while
(1) "Prodigal Genius" by J.J. O'Neill, "Man out of time" by M. Cheney, "Wizard" by M. J. Seifer, "My Inventions: the
autobiography of Nikola Tesla" Ben Johnston Editor
(1) Experiments with alternate currents of high potential and high frequency delivered before the L.E.E. in London 1892

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 531, "chars": 3255, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
present objectable or no hard evidence to the contrary. We have evidence, we have facts
and we have thousands of people who have witnessed his ideal flying machine zip through
the air; what more evidence can that be? The word "Allen" here is out of question. The
only "alien" word I see here is in the "alienated" minds of these propagandistic
brainwashed back-government funded group of people. Is it possible that amongst all of
the world population there are so little straight thinkers? The government controlled
brainwashing media has done an exceptionally good job in creating and maintaining these
lies and the false "cradle of love" sensation it wants to project - that is certain. I refuse to
believe that people do not realize what has happened in the last 100 years of scientific
research. We have practically moved from scientific to metaphysic research, from Ether
physics (or more correctly Ether Mechanics) to Relativity. Tesla thought of relativity as a
"beggar wrapped in purple whom ignorant people take for a king" and "a mass of error
and deceptive ideas violently opposed to the teachings of great men of science of the
past and even common sense." (1) Do people not see how Relativity has stolen ether
physics' major truths and deviated them to fit it's own greedy needs? One must see both
"sides of the medal" to see the truth, not be narrow visioned and suffocated and accept
what is thrown at you just because it is just Mr. PhD who is vomiting it
The excerpts hereafter are sorted in "striking" order, from the most explicative and
obvious to the lesser ones, but all similarly pertinent. At the end of the document I have
added some pictures which resemble an idea of his flying machine for reference with an
interesting "cover" originally taken from the New York Herald tribune. There is plenty
more of course to all this (the truckloads of notes brought away by the FBI and still
classifled must contain a lot more information than we can imagine) but this should be
enough to start the rediscovery of his hidden work for those researchers with good will
with a still uncontaminated and open mind.
I will start with the first most explicative article which I believe really says it all
about Tesla's life long dream. This was taken from an interview about his bladeless
turbine invention and application (emphasis mine):
Excerpt from "Tesla's New Monarch of Machines" Oct, 15, 1911:
"And it makes the aeroplane practical," I suggested.
"Not the aeroplane, the flying machine," responded Dr. Tesla. "Now you have struck the
point in which I am most deeply interested-the object toward which I have been
devoting my energies for more than twenty years-the dream of my life. It was in seeking
the means of making the perfect flying machine that I developed this engine."
"Twenty years ago I believed that I would be the first man to fly; that I was on the track
of accomplishing what no one else was anywhere near reaching. I was working entirely in
electricity then and did not realize that the gasoline engine was approaching a perfection
that was going to make the aeroplane feasible. There is nothing new about the aeroplane
but its engine, you know."
(1) "Tesla, 19, promises to transmit force" July 11, 1935 New York Times

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 526, "chars": 3115, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"What I was working on twenty years ago was the wireless transmission of electric power.
My idea was a flying machine propelled by an electric motor, with power supplied from
stations on the earth. I have not accomplished this as yet, but am confident that I will in
time."
"When I found that I had been anticipated as to the flying machine, by men working in a
different field, I began to study the problem from other angles, to regard it as a
mechanical rather than an electrical problem. I felt certain there must be some means of
obtaining power that was better than any now in use. And by vigorous use of my gray
matter for a number of years, I grasped the possibilities of the principle of the viscosity
and adhesion of fluids and conceived the mechanism of my engine. Now that I have it, my
next step will be the perfect flying machine."
An aeroplane driven by your engine?" I asked.
"Not at all," said Dr. Tesla. "The aeroplane is fatally defective. It' is merely a toy-a
sporting play-thing. It can never become commercially practical. It has fatal detects. One
is the fact that when it encounters a downward current of air it is helpless. The "hole in
the air" of which aviators speak is simply a downward current, and unless the aeroplane is
high enough above the earth to move laterally but can do nothing but fall."
"There is no way of detecting these downward currents, no way of avoiding them, and
therefore the aeroplane must always be subject to chance and its operator to the risk of
fatal accident. Sportsmen will always take these chances, but as a business proposition
the risk is too great.
"The flying machine of the future-my flying machine-will be heavier than air, but it will
not be an aeroplane. It will have no wings. It will be substantial, solid, stable. You cannot
have a stable airplane. The gyroscope can never be successfully applied to the airplane,
for it would give a stability that would result in the machine being torn to pieces by the
wind, just as the unprotected aeroplane on the ground is torn to pieces by a high wind.
"My flying machine will have neither wings nor propellers. You might see it on the ground
and you would never guess that it was a flying machine. Yet it will be able to move at will
through the air in any direction with perfect safety, higher speeds than have yet been
reached, regardless of weather and oblivious of "holes in the air" or downward currents. It
will ascend in such currents if desired. It can remain absolutely stationary in the air, even
in a wind, for great length of time. Its lifting power will not depend upon any such delicate
devices as the bird has to employ, but upon positive mechanical action."
"You will get stability through gyroscopes?" I asked.
"Through gyroscopic action of my engine, assisted by some devices I am not yet prepared
to talk about," he replied.
"Powerful air currents that may be deflected at will, if produced by engines and
compressors sufficiently light and powerful, might lift a heavy body off the ground and
propel it through the air "I ventured, wondering if I had grasped the inventor's secret.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 456, "chars": 2829, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
Dr. Tesla smiled an inscrutable smile.
"All I have to say on that point is that my airship will have neither gas bag, wings nor
propellers," he said. "It is the child of my dreams, the product of years of intense and
painful toil and research. I am not going to talk about it any further. But whatever my
airship may be, here at least is an engine that will do things that no other engine ever has
Jone, and that is something tangible."
Excerpt from "Tesla's new device like bolts of Thor" Dec 8, 1915 NY Times:
"..He is not yet ready to give the details of the engine which he says will render fruitless
any military expedition against a country which possesses it. Suffice it to say that the
destructive invention will go through space with a speed of 300miles per second, a
manless airship without propelling engine or wings, sent by electricity to any desired point
of the globe on its errand of destruction, if destruction its manipulator wishes to effect."
Excerpt from "Tesla at 78 bears new Death beam" Jul I1, 1934 NY Times:
"The production of the death beam, Dr. Tesia said, involves four new inventions, which
have not been announced by him. The scientific details of these inventions are to be given
out by him before tha proper scientific bodies in the near future.
-aro
"The first inventions, he said, comprises a method and apparatus for producing rays
and other manifestations of energy in free air, eliminating the high vacuum necessary at
present for the production of such rays and beams.
The second is a method and process for producing "great electrical force."
The third is a method for amplifying this process in the second invention. The
fourth, he said, is "a new method for producing a tremendous electrical repelling* force."
(*repelling may have been changed from "propelling" in this article to mislead. Tesla has
always referred to a propelling force.)
i
Excerpt from "Little airplane progress" June 6, 1908:
"The aeroplane of the Langley type, such as was used by Farman and others with
some success, will hardly every prove a practical aerial machine, because no provision is
made for maintaining it in the air in a downward current. This and the perfect balance
independently of the navigator's control is absolutely essential to the success of the
heavier-than-air machine. These two improvements I am myself endeavoring to embody
in a machine of my own design"
Excerpt from "Tesla's new engine-Tesla's Wireless Torpedo" Sep 13, 1911 NY Times:
"Mr. Charles Wilson Price, editor of the Electrical Review, does not say that Nikola
resia's latest invention of a rotary engine operated by steam or gases will save most of
he 30,000,000 horse power wasted annually by manufacturing plants in this country
power that is worth upward half a billion dollars. He has not said, as Mr. Tesla is reported

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 506, "chars": 3058, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
saying, that the new engine will give the world a flying machine that, without planes or
screw propellers, excessively swift, and, above all, perfectly safe in the greatest storm,
will be small and compact compared with present machines, but capable of carrying
shiploads of passengers."
Excerpt from "Tesla Promises Big Things - Planeless, screwless air-ship safe in any storm" Sept.
15, 1911:
"Dr. Nikola Tesla leaned back against his chair at the Waldorff last night and talked
calmly of airships without planes, propellers or any of the other gear of the now familiar
aeroplanes hurtling through space at tremendous speeds or driving more slowly carrying
great loads, and in either case always as safely as the most prosaic of wheeled vehicles."
"How about aerial navigation?" Dr. Tesla was asked. He considered for a moment
or two and then replied with great deliberation:
"The application of this principle will give the world a flying machine unlike anything
that has ever been suggested before. It will have no planes, no screw propellers or
devices of any kind hitherto used. It will be small and compact, excessively swift, and,
above all, perfectly safe in the greatest storm. It can be built of any size and can carry any
weight that may be desired"
Excerpt from "The boy's book of new inventions - The Tesla Turbine" 1912;
"But most of your research has been in electricity," Tesla was reminded, for no one
can forget that Tesla's inventions largely have made possible most of the world's greatest
electrical power developments.
"Yes," he answered, "but I was a mechanical engineer before I was an electrical
(reat meson of elecial poe. for tient years rear retard
given up. When my plan is perfected the present-day aeroplanes and dirigible balloons will
disappear, and the dangerous sport of aviation, as we know it now with its hundreds of
accidents, and its picturesque birdmen, will give way to safe, seaworthy airships, without
wings or gas bags, but supported and driven by mechanical means.
"As I told you before when we were talking of the wireless transmission of power,
the mechanism will be a development of the principle on which my turbine is constructed.
It will be so tremendously powerful that it will make a veritable rope of air above the great
machine to hold it at any altitude the navigators may choose, and also a rope of air in
front or in the rear to send it forward or backward at almost any speed desired. When that
day comes, airship travel will be as safe and prosaic as travel by railroad train today, and
not much very different, except that there will be no dirt, and it will be much faster. One
will be able to dine in New York, retire in an aero Pullman berth in a closed and perfectly
furnished car, and arise to breakfast in London."
"And so, while we are waiting for the world-moving wireless transmission of power
and for the completion of Tesla's invention for the safe and stable airships, we can look for
the speedy development of his turbine in practically all departments of mechanical
engineering."
1

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 239, "chars": 1581, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Excerpt from "The World's Work - The Tesla Turbine" March 1920:
"How did you happen to turn your attention to mechanics instead of electricity?" I
asked.
"I was a mechanical engineer before I ever took up electricity,
"replied Dr. Tesia. "I
went into electricity," replied Dr. Tesla "I went into electric science years ago because I
thought, in that direction, I was going to solve the problem I have been working on all my
life - the production of an engine sufficiently light and powerful to operate the ideal flying
machine. All my work in the wireless transmission of power, which has attracted more
public attention than anything else I have ever done, was
toward that end. I do not
expect to build that ideal machine tomorrow, any more than I expect every steam engine
in the world to be thrown into the scrap-heap because of this new application of
mechanical principles, but such a flying machine will come some day, and meantime I
have succeeded in developing something new in prime movers.
Excerpt from "Tesla, 79, promises to transmit force - WOULD EVEN GUIDE SHIPS" Jul II,
1935 NY Times
"..He described relativity as a "beggar wrapped in purple whom ignorant people
take for a king."
A representation of Tesla's Flying Machine
1212102
!
The above design is the more simpler of the 2 possible fundamental types: the disc
or saucer shaped "translation" type (developed later) and the "directional" cigar or ovoid
type as the above original conception. Here follows a brief description by W. Lyne himself
of the above pictured ether propulsion or "electropulsion" craft:

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 204, "chars": 1284, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"In considering the gyro system only two large stabilizing gyros are needed, vertically
oriented and with axes connected to the airframe. These can be side by-side or front-to-
back on the same plane. This will prevent the ship from rolling side to side or front to
back, but will permit the ship to turn horizontally and to rise and drop vertically without
problem. Three electrodes on the front would provide turning and forward motion and the
polarity could be reversed for braking. To turn, an electrode to the right or left front would
be activated and air pressure would push the ship around in that direction after which the
front electrode would be activated.
For a small ship, a set of twin turbines would turn a 20kW alternator or generator. Some
of this power (about 5-10kW) would run the two synchronous electric motors turning the
two gyro-stabilizers. One other small gyro---on gimbals---would be the master gyro for the
Peiltochterkompass. For a larger ship, the alternator might have to be perhaps 50KW.
Each "negative" electrode--top one and three front and one rear one--would have a
"Tesla bulb" to focus the "ropes" when needed.
Pseudo-electrostatic discharge electrodes would surround each bulb.
This should be all that is needed for a "simple" ship."
!
i
i
....

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 81, "chars": 505, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1
NEW YORK HERALD TRIBUNE
(ht. 15. 1911
WILL TESLA'S NEW MONARCH OF
MACHINES REVOLUTIONIZE THE WORLD?
Noted Balkan Scientist claims to have perfected an
engire that will develop ten horsepower to every pound
of weight, and promises soon to give to the world a flying
machine without wings, propeller, or gas bag.
Characterizes aeroplanes of today as mere dangerous
toys compared with the safe and stable appliance which
will be used in a short time to dash through the air at a
speed now unimagined.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 1, "chars": 6, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 11, "variant": "clean-vision"}
SENTE
