{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T21:25:42Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 90271, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118127-from-ctg-chilean-mummy-march-29-2018.pdf", "source_sha256": "3403a97ce40a686ae97237cf3c8efc5c29a94b222c7dc881793ccfd5c609d4fe"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 445, "chars": 2885, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4
From CTG_ (Cal Tech Geneticist) - March 29, 2018
Once again, the credibility of that mummy article among professional molecular biologists is very low,
because: (1) it sat out in the desert for >100 years, and (2) it shows lots of "novel" mutations not found
in medical databases, which are therefore probably artefactual. They may not think the mummy is
"alien", but they suspect that the paper is "wrong".
Interestingly from a medical point of view, most of those critical mutations which Nolan cites seem to be
heterozygous, or present on 1 chromosomal copy only (listed in his Supplemental Tables), which would
be unusual for real mutations of developmental significance.
Finally here is a technical note which you might not wish to read in detail, quite long and boring, but
which can refute anyone who says that Dr. Nolan used a computer program to "prove" there was no
DNA damage?
Appendix 1. An indirect computer model of DNA damage was used by the Chilean mummy researchers:
what is it really telling us?
The researchers who did full-genome sequencing on this small Chilean mummy used an indirect,
statistical approach to estimate damage to the DNA bases in their 300 bp, partly-degraded sample:
namely a computer program called "mapDamage2.0". This program measures variations of base
sequence, away from mean values, near the two ends of any 101 bp sequence-read. Such variations
come about partly because damaged (or deaminated) cytosine C bases may become converted to
thymine T by polymerase-reading errors. One or more C-to-T transitions near the end of a PCR product
may reduce its efficiency of ligating to a synthetic linker used later in sequencing, if that double-helical
end becomes too AT-rich.
We can see typically an excess of false C-to-T transitions near any 5' end, and false G-to-A transitions
near any 3' end (see their Figure S1, lower part). The researchers of that small Chilean mummy did try to
exclude some artefactual biases due to DNA damage from their final sequenced database, close to the
two ends of any 101 bp sequence-read. Thus they "trimmed off" non-random sequence biases there of
about 2% on each end. The program "mapDamage2.0" also suggested, for their final sequenced
database, statistical estimates of C deamination as 2% near the ends of any 101 bp sequence-read, or
1% near their centres (meaning 1 altered base in every 50 or 100 bp respectively).
This program offers a fine way for researchers of ancient DNA to estimate approximately how
"damaged" their DNA samples might be, by looking for artefactual biases of sequence away from
random in large datasets. It also helps researchers to "trim away" some obvious sequencing artefacts
near each end of any 101 bp, product. Yet the slow, age-related deamination of C bases in ancient DNA
may come about in two ways. Firstly because each end of a 300 bp mummy DNA fragment may have

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 343, "chars": 2290, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
extended or frayed into a single-stranded form, which makes C bases there more exposed to damage.
Secondly, because other internal parts of a 300 bp mummy fragment may have become chemically
damaged in some way.
Even if we sequence some particular DNA strand 10 times over in excess, and trim away the two ends of
wherever that 101 bp sequence might begin or end, still certain sequence errors will take place when
deaminated C is copied to T in PCR, no matter where that might happen. The damaged base
deaminated-C will be "read" by the polymerase as "U". There is no way to avoid this, except by treating
the original genomic sample with an enzyme such as UNG before PCR and sequencing. You cannot
remove DNA base damage by "trimming".
The very process of breaking down a long DNA double helix into small fragments of mean size 300 bp
involves chemical damage to its A or G bases (called "depurination"). So we can be fairly sure that
significant chemical damage to the DNA bases has taken place within this small Chilean mummy, which
lay exposed in the desert for 100-500 years! Both to its A or G bases ("depurination") and also to its C
bases ("deamination").
Why not measure such patterns of chemical damage directly to find out for sure? As opposed to all of
these indirect measures, one could simply label the 5' or 3' ends of those 300 bp mummy DNA
fragments with a fluorescent or radioactive marker, treat the labelled sample with an enzyme UNG, high
heat, or other strand-breaking-at-damaged-base conditions, then look by gel or capillary electrophoresis
to see whether the mean single-stranded length of that mummy sample was reduced? Such a quick and
easy experiment would provide a direct measure of whether those 300 bp mummy DNA fragments were
significantly damaged by C deamination. Yet no experiment of this kind was reported, despite many
"novel" mutations being found in their final sequenced database, and being given great significance by
bioinformatics strategies.
Jonsson et al., "mapDamage2.O: fast approximate Bayesian estimates of ancient DNA damage
parameters", Bioinformatics 29, 1682-1684, 2012)
Seguin-Orlando et al., "Ligation bias in lllumina Next-Generation Libraries: implications for sequencing
ancient genomes", PLOS ONE 8 (10), e78575, 2013.
THE END
-
