{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T01:23:40Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 945658, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118181-openminds-article-on-atacama-skeleton.pdf", "source_sha256": "ed4cf189aad0472b82e30d06f3c5bca542bc47fb40ea859eb893b45bde754d0f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 637, "chars": 4216, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Analysis of the Atacama humanoid alien | Openminds.tv
http://www.openminds.tv/analysis-of-the-atacama-humanoid-alien-972/
DONT MISS
Robbie Williams and Michael Bublé collaborate on UFO song
OpenMinds
magazine.
Subscribe today!
OpenMinds
FO NEWS AND INVESTIGATIONS
HOME
NEWS
ARTICLES »
VIDEOS
SPACING OUTI
RADIO
MAGAZINE
RESOURCES
IUFOC
SHOP
Home / Articles / Extraterrestrial Life / Analysis of the Atacama humanoid alien
RECENT POSTS
Enters Si Many Russians
expect ET
contact within
50 years
April 12, 2013
Robbie
Williams and
Michael Bublé
collaborate on
UFO song
April 12, 2013
Spacing Out!
Episode 45 -
An alien code
in our DNA?
April 12, 2013
Daily UFO
Headlines 4/12/13
Analysis of the Atacama humanoid alien
April 12, 2013
Aprl 11, 2013
8 Comments
10908 Views
Analysis of the
Atacama
We posted earlier this week a story outlining the origin of the alleged tiny ET creature to be showcased in
humanoid alien
Dr. Steven Greer's Sirius documentary to be released later this month. We chronided how this creature was
April 11, 2013
none other than a case known in Chile as the La Noria ET from 2003; the name comes from a ghost town
of the nitrate era in this part of Chile's northern Atacama Desert region. We left the story sort of in a cliff
hanger as to what happened to it once it was acquired by a Spanish businessman from Barcelona.
YOUR NEED TO KNOW
We've discovered since a number of things, including the original 7 minute TV program about the case
aired by Chile's Megavisión Channel V shortly after the creature's discovery was published in the local press.
You can now see this program on YouTube in Spanish, and it shows exactly the location where the creature
was discovered, as well as interviews with Oscar Muñoz, the man who found it, Alejandro Dávalos, the first
one to photograph the being, and well known Chilean ufologist Rodrigo Fuenzalida, director of the AION
UFO research group.
FBI's UFO files
from The
Vault' - Your
Need to Know
April 10, 2013
SEAR
The RAND
Corporation
RAND
and UFOs -
Your Need to
Know
March 28, 2013
Fascist UFO
Files - Your
Need to Know
January 9, 2013
BLUE
BOOK
Project Blue
Book - Your
Need to Know
December 21, 2012
The COMETA
Report on Your
Need to Know
December 14, 2012
ABOUT»
CONTACT»
EVENTS
SOCIAL
@FOLLOW OM
aily UFO Headlines 4/12/13 http://t.c
WEBJyCSiYv #ufos 2013/04/1
RT @garrettit: Many Russians expect ET contact
within 50 years http://t.co/NsTN8AP35V via
@openmindstv 2013/04/12
RT @atrojas_om: Many Russians expect ET
contact within 50 years http://t.co/NsTN8AP35V
via @openmindstv 2013/04/12
An #alien code in our DNA? - Spacing Out!
Episode 45 http://t.co/yw9IisUArF
@acecentric... 2013/04/12
#UFO Documents and the "FBI Vault" - Your
Need to Know: http://t.co/Qf0eF5CWuP via
@youtube 2013/04/12
SHOP at
OpenMinds
1 shirts
Decals
Mugs
DVDs
Books
shop
Access®®
MEDIGATIONS ONLINF
Convenient, Discrete, Secure
Order
- Overnight Shipping Available
• Authentic Viagra, Cialis, Levitra?,
NOW
Prices Starting at
- U.S.A Online Pharmacy
$89
BUY VIAGRA
BUY CIAUS
BUY LEVITRA
It's clear that this program was done in the early stages of the La Noria case, when the little being was
owned by the pub owner from the provincial capital of Iquique. He didn't appear in the program because
he probably wanted money to allow filming the creature (that was his modus operandi according to the
newspaper La Estrella de Arica) and the TV channel didn't go along with it.
More importantly, we discovered who bought the creature and what happened once it left Chile and
traveled to Spain, where it has remained ever since. It turns out that its owner is Ramón Navia-Osorio, a
wealthy entrepreneur from Barcelona who runs the IIEE (Spanish acronym for Institute for Exobiological
Investigation and Study), a UFO organization formed in 1975. Navia-Osorio was a member for many years
prior to becoming the group's director. We found a very long report, "El Ser Antropomórfico de Atacama"
(The Anthropomorphic Being from Atacama), written by Navia-Osorio himself and posted by Julio González
in "Realidad OVNI" (UFO Reality), a large UFO news website from Argentina specialized in cases from Latin
America, just six days ago, on April 5, 2013.
1 of 5
4/13/2013 6:09 PM

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 795, "chars": 5004, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Analysis of the Atacama humanoid alien | Openminds.tv
http://www.openminds.tv/analysis-of-the-atacama-humanoid-alien-972/
Navia-Osorio begins by recounting his trip to northern Chile ten years earlier, in late 2003, and how he met
Oscar Muñoz in the ghost town of La Noria itself, and later Alejandro Dávalos, the young worker who took
the first photos of the creature, and other people from the area. The contact between the Chilean and
Spanish ufologists was Raúl Nuñez Gálvez, a well known Chilean ufologist who lived in Spain for many
years and was a member of the IIEE He, too, traveled with Navia-Osorio to La Noria. The Spanish
researcher provides initially some additional historical and paranormal details about this area with ghost
towns from the booming nitrate industry of the late 19th century. One curious historical detail is that
Charles Darwin, the famous father of the theory of evolution, visited La Noria in 1835. We also mentioned
in our previous story that paranormal activities seem to be common in this area, and the Spanish
researcher mentions this fact as well. He specifically claims that one of the things seen by the locals are
ghostly apparitions of 19th century funeral processions, which then vanish.
85 HEE 2003
The Spanish team in La Noria in 2003. (Credit: IIEE)
Navia-Osorio also provides the name of the Iquique pub owner, Ricardo Clotet, explaining that the original
transaction with Oscar Muñoz took place through his brother, Ricardo Muñoz, who in turn contacted Clotet.
The details of the transaction between Clotet and Navia-Osorio are not discussed, but the rumor in Chile
was that it was a fairly substantial sum, probably tens of time higher than the paltry amount of less than
$100 that Clotet paid Muñoz. In any event, by 2004 the transaction took place and the creature was moved
to Spain.
Inconclusive scientific backing
To his credit, Ramón Navia-Osorio made an earnest effort to have
the creature analyzed by reputable scientists and medical doctors,
although most of them seemed reluctant to get involved and
specially to put their names in a signed report with conclusions. On
July 5, 2004, the creature was presented to the Royal Academy of
Sciences in Barcelona, where it was examined by several doctors,
biologists and zoologists whose names are given in Navia-Osorio's
report. He complains about the close-minded attitude of many of
the scientists from the prestigious Complutense University in
Madrid and other academic institutions. He claims that some of
these professors would admit off-the-record that there was
something truly unique and strange about the creature, but would
refuse to state the same thing in a written report or even in an
audio or video recording.
Navia-Osorio provides the text of two scientific documents in his
report. The first one is the "radiological" report signed by doctors
E. Feijoo, C. López and J. M. Colomer. It basically consists on a
The Atacama humanoid's face.
(Credit: IIEE)
detailed description of the creature itself but it obviously avoids
giving any conclusion about its origin. It is clear from this report,
however, that the creature is not a crude hoax as was cavalierly suggested by a Complutense scientist who
suggested (while remaining anonymous) that the whole thing was a hoax made with bird bones.
The second transcribed document is a forensic medical report written by Dr. Francisco Exeberria
Gabillondo, a professor of Legal and Forensic Medicine in the Basque Country University, and specialist in
Forensic Anthropology with the Complutense University, who wrote the study at the bequest of the TIEE
(probably for a fee, although that is not mentioned). Dr. Exeberria wrote that, "It's a mummified body with
all typical the characteristics of a fetus. The body has a length of 14 cm and displays all the structures and
anatomical links normal for the head, trunk and extremities." He continues with a detailed description of
each part of the body and finally gives his overall view:
"Taken as a whole, the proportions of the anatomical structures (skeleton and softer parts), the level of
development of each one of its bones and its macroscopic configuration, allow us to interpret it without any
shadow of doubt as a completely normal mummified fetus...Both based on the total length of the body as
well as the length of the bones, it can be estimated that it's a fetus in an approximate gestation period
close to 15 weeks."
The next question is how did this fetus, if that's what it is, showed up in the abandoned area near the old
church of La Noria where it was found by Oscar Muñoz wrapped in a cloth. Obviously nobody knows but Dr.
Exeberria speculates that it could a bit old but probably not an ancient mummified fetus. He explains that
due to their lack of "bacterial flora in the digestive tube, which is where the putrefaction of corpses begin,"
and other factors, fetuses can be preserved quite well. To this we must add the environmental conditions
2 of 5
4/13/2013 6:09 PM

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 455, "chars": 2935, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Analysis of the Atacama humanoid alien | Openminds.tv
http://www.openminds.tv/analysis-of-the-atacama-humanoid-alien-972/
of the Atacama region, which is the driest desert
on Earth, and is perfect for the preservation of
objects of various kinds. In fact, the area near
the city of Arica is famous for its 10,000-year old
mummies far older than those from Egypt, but
Dr. Ebreberria explains that it's unlikely to be
very ancient, meaning by that hundreds of
years.
Atacama Alien Xray. (Credit: IIEE)
Atacama humanoid's back. (Credit: IIEE)
The Greer connection
The final part of Ramón Navia-Osorio's long artice describes briefly how Dr. Steven Greer became involved
in this case. The link was made by Dr. Bravo, a female doctor from Dallas, who brought Dr. Greer to the
IIEE office in Barcelona. The Spanish researcher mentions here some of the claims contained in the
promotional material released by the producers of the Sirius documentary, including DNA sequencing which
allegedly found the Atacama being had an "unknown classification." Until we see the film, we cant judge
how valid is the scientific evidence presented.
That, in essence, is the saga of the little mummy from its early days in the Chilean ghost town to Spain's
scientific labs. In his final conclusions, Navia-Osorio writes that, "we are not among those who claim that
it's an ET, although morphologically speaking it really looks similar to some of them. We can't deny that,
but before asserting it we must consider other possibilities. In summary, we dont have conclusive proof
that can determine the nature of the specimen.*
Tweet 56
Like 588
Share
Previous:
< Online O'Hare airport exhibit includes
UFO sighting
Daily UFO Headlines 4/12/13 >
ABOUT ANTONIO HUNEEUS
Open Minds Investigative Reporter J. Antonio Huneeus has covered the UFO field from an
international perspective for over 30 years. His articles have appeared in dozens of publications
in the U.S., Latin America, Europe and Japan. He was also the co-author of the Laurance
Rockefeller-funded "UFO Briefing Document - The Best Available Evidence" and edited the book
"A Study Guide to UFOs, Psychic & Paranormal Phenomena in the USSR." Huneeus studied
French at the Sorbonne University in Paris and Journalism at the University of Chile in Santiago
in the 1970s. He has lectured at dozens of UFO Conferences all over the world and been interviewed by many
media outlets including The Washington Post, the Sy-Fy and History Channels, Nippon-TV, etc. He received the
"Ufologist of the Year" award at the National UFO Conference in Miami Beach in 1990 and the "Courage in
Journalism" award at the X-Conference in Gaithersburg, Maryland, in 2007.
RELATED ARTICLES
Man Enters Space
Soviet Ollicer
•RUIEM CODE MOM INP
Many Russians expect ET
contact within 50 years
Robbie Williams and Michael
Bublé collaborate on UFO
song
Spacing Out! Episode 45 - An
alien code in our DNA?
3 of 5
4/13/2013 6:09 PM

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 769, "chars": 4686, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Analysis of the Atacama humanoid alien | Openminds.tv
http://www.openminds.tv/analysis-of-the-atacama-humanoid-alien-972/
Aprl 12, 2013
April 12, 2013
Apri 12, 2013
8 COMMENTS
akquaman
April 11, 2013 at 7:12 pm
It is NOT a human fetus in any way! I just found some photos in Google of a 15 week human fetus
(you can search them to look for yourself and it definitely is NOTHING like it!
Why PEOPLE is SO resistant to acknowledge that it can be in fact a little extraterrestrial? Because of
it's small size? Why do they assume that they "should" have to be in any particular size? THAT is
narrow thinking!
Travis
April 12, 2013 at 6:46 am
If the claim is true, the handling of this goes beyond science and more into the realm of Barnum and
Bailey or Ripley's mermaid (Sewn Monkey) I say this because of the financial element. Everyone
wants to "raise or earn money" from this discovery, where most scientific discoveries are usually
laden with the desire to tell the truth allowing the money and offers to come ex post factum. They
are doing entirely too much promotion and are somewhat invested in this project
avoiding the financial tab themselves.
but of course the cost that Greer and others ballyhoo is merely a Straw Man attempt to claim
poverty in order to "get the truth out to the masses", which will once again be a big disappointment
for others, double so for those who invested in the Sirius Project who pay for the adventures of
others by merely telling lies.
Meanwhile the fetus that was once at peace is now being unceremoniously tossed about by
untrained and unprofessional shysters looking for a payday are desecrating the remains of a poor
soul who did not survive. People can be so insensitive and stupid and have no trouble lying, it is
sickening. People like Greer may truly believe in UFOs; I personally belief the Universe is teaming
with life, but when Greer and others set up these staged hoaxes to further their case, it only pushes
the real evidence away.
We have reached the point where we can no longer separate the truth from the lie and it is people
like Greer and others who are responsible for damning us from finding the truth in a responsible
way.
The Sirius Film
April 12, 2013 at 8:07 am
Thanks Antonio! That is the most comprehensive article we've seen to date. Through your amazing
work and our extraordinary daims, we will require a plethora of extraordinary evidence. - "Planet
earth has been and is being visited by highly evolved intelligent beings that are not from this world."
For breaking updates on 'Sirius' and to learn the implications of extraterrestrial life, new energy
systems and how it will all affect you, follow The Sirius Film on Twitter @TheSiriusFilm
Zen Benefiel
April 12, 2013 at 11:51 am
Excellent article, first of all. Antonio's tenacity to expose dear details and a scientific approach is
quite refreshing in the field of Ufology. I've known Antonio for a number of years and find his
approach to be of integrity, not only personally but to the disclosure of facts and not conjecture.
He's thorough and remains open to new information without prejudice. This field is full of
challenges, like life itself, and it's nice to witness this kind of reporting. My sincerest gratitude.
I'm sure we all wish that this would be demonstrable evidence, but given the circumstances and
location it would seem more like the efforts of a mother or family member to offer solace to an
aborted fetus. Mummification in such an arid environment could/would indeed cause noticeable
differences between a photo and the real thing over time. It also seems logical that pressure from
being buried would affect the soft tissue to the extent of appearing misshapen.
I have to say I've been concerned about Greer's activity since meeting him in person in 1997. He's
done some great things and moved people to action, but there is something that just seems out of
synch somehow. Maybe it is his arrogance and self-important display with body guards that rubs me
the wrong way, especially when no one else in the field travels with such showmanship.
I'm reminded of one who will go to extremes, even at the risk of damage to legitimate others, to get
a point across - real or not. Truth will emerge in time, no doubt. I just have to acknowledge I'm
sensing something amiss. Sharing that is a risk I'll take gladly. I don't have a problem being wrong...
and hope that I am. Thanks again, Antonio.
patrick shaw
April 12, 2013 at 3:33 pm
Bravo Travis, I agree It is absurd how "shysters" do nothing but muddy the waters for personal gain.
A scientific approach,as you point out, would simplify and clarify things once and for all.
Micah Hanks
4 of 5

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1838, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Analysis of the Atacama humanoid alien | Openminds.tv
http://www.openminds.tv/analysis-of-the-atacama-humanoid-alien-972/
April 12, 2013 at 3:48 pm
Excellent work as always, Antonio. Somewhat mirroring the final views expressed by Navia-Osorio,
we must also remember that, even if the mummy in question were to be found to be anything other
than a human, this alone would not prove its extraterrestrial origin. Then again, on the remote
possibility that it were found conclusively to be non-human, but terrestrial, this too would be of
great interest... why the "extraterrestrial" meme is so often appended to stories of this nature is
both baffling, and highly revelatory in terms of showing the bias many will enter ufological studies
fully armed with!
Once again, you guys have presented a very reasonable survey, based on what the evidence will
allow us to understand of the specimen at present... and now, I will calmly await those portions of
the UFO community that will damn us for being "skeptics" in stating the obvious truth: there is no
conclusive proof of "extraterrestrials" offered by the Atacama Mummy.
Mark Fritz
April 15, Z015 at 5:01 am
These scientists had better get their "story" straight before the movie comes out, because all bets
are off after that. You watch how readily those that are reluctant to make a comment now, once
they discover the popularity of this incredible evidence, will so eagerly agree to make a comment,
for a fee of course.
Alejandro Rojas
April 13, 2013 at 8:21 am
I agree Micah. In the best case it remains as an unclassified species and is a cryptozoological oddity.
LEAVE A REPLY
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Name *
Email *
Website
5 x
= ten
Post Comment
© Copyright 2013 Open Minds Production, LLC, All Rights Reserved.
5 of 5
4/13/2013 6:09 PM
