{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:30:54Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 910361, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118247-email-to-dr-greer-regarding-the-kyshtym-humanoid-found-in-russia-similar-to-the-atacama-being-may-15-2018.pdf", "source_sha256": "d887182830baf78275f27babb3f5087f6bf0a49a552651325ed2a8dad82e2eec"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 399, "chars": 2437, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Cc:
Subject:
Steve Greer 4
Tuesday, May 15, 2018 3:17 PM
Did you respond to this? Important because of "contacts" there... Thanks.
I thought
Sent from my iPhone
On May 15, 2018, at 11:39 AM,
Steve
Did you respond to this?
did. I can't type long letters. ? But this is first I've read this particular letter. Amazing!
> wrote:
Hello, Dear Mr. Greer! I am very glad that we can have cooperate with you in the study of
anomalous phenomena. I with great interest listened to your lectures. They are very
interesting/ You have an unusual approach to the study of anomalous phenomena.
What can I say about your question regarding Kyshtym humanoid? 20 years ago | first
got the video from Kyshtym. It is a small Town in the Urals. re the group employees and
police officers surveyed a small creature of unknown origin. I included this material in my
film called "My universe". The film got on TV caused a sensation. Then the numerous disputs
about origin of this mummy had began. Yet the Mummy disappeared. We know for sure she
was picked up by officers of the State Security Committee. Apparently it is some secret lab. So
I do not have the ability to get any genetic material.
I agree with you that the Atacama humanoid and Kyshtym humanoid belong the same unit
creatures. As well as you | sure what are creatures of extraterrestrial origin. That it is not
mutants and not any mutated germ human beings. The examiner's report which conducted a
survey Kyshtym humanoid exactly says: it is not a person! States that instead of our usual
organs the digestive tract. lin the belly of the humanoid is only one on which has a spherical
shape with a number of strange suction cups. Also is known about him for life His
eyes radiated a kind of glow which, like the glow black-and-white television screen. This
humanoid while he was alive could take in as food sweetened water. He lived less than a
week apparently due to the fact that not received the food which he needed. As reported the
woman had seen him he wasn't breathing so how people do. His respiratory organ
was mucous was strange body having a form hemisphere. The organ that after exposure to
air oozing slime and changed the colour Apparently it is they to chemical reactions unknown
origin. I guess that his respiratory system and gas exchange has the radical difference from
mankind. Possible a chemical reaction in the respiratory system of a humanoid selects with
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 516, "chars": 3152, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
visual observation, the absorption of the desired gas. I'm sure that the design of the skeleton
and skull of this humanoid the same as Atacama Humanoid has
We have a lot of data from our contactees testifying these small creatures often appear those
places where you can meet other humanoids with more a much higher degree of
development. These tall Humanoids growing up to 3 meters often use these little
creatures for some technical works.
I suppose that these small humanoids are not independent beings but are something like
robots. It is the only the technical functions they perform. I am very interested in philosophical,
ontological side of this issue. I also interested in the principles energy-the navigation device-
like creatures. I guess these creatures you do not have highly developed the mental plane.
Their intelligence is limited all programs which have been supplied filename more highly
developed creatures in the service of which they are. I suppose these little Humanoids can't do
yourself any action and is under the control of beings of higher development. The device itself
these humanoids as energy and information entities this is they do not have the capacity
for full consciousness. The possibility of their will blocked.
I really took the question of how many chakras have their energy information system and what
are the properties of the etheric field of this creature. It's very interesting to know how the
channels and meridians of the etheric body are constructed. This question is much more
interesting for me than the question genetic properties because it sheds light on the question
as designed out of the human body when it is created. As a philosopher is very well as issues
associated with antropogenesis. Darwinism as a theory to me seems to be mainly untenable. It
reflects only a very small part of the truth. I am sure that the man design as energy information
systems developed the highest civilization. For hundreds of thousands of years they adapted
their organisms existence in the Earth. I'm sure that our planet is under constant control of the
higher civilizations. 3 years ago I'm winh a philosopher Lyubov Gordina our view of the whole
gathered into a single book. It is called "The doctrine of the Noosfera civilization". While it
exists only in Russian language
The question of the origin of these small creatures rests on the more global issue about how
man appeared on Earth. I am sure that those studies that you spend associated with the
definition of genetic structure these creatures are very useful. I think it is important for us to
understand on what lines and how we can arise and go interact with those of highly developed
beings who visit us. We need to establish a set of views and idea how and in what direction
can it evolve in the future our cooperation with the representatives of highly developed
civilizations. I think that we could make together the contribution in this work.
If you want to watch this old movie you can find it in YouTube on my channel at the link:
https://youtu.be/KfFB2VuON20
I very much hope that Our dialogue will continue and will be very constructive
