{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T15:58:19Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 569823, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118290-new-york-times-atacama-march-22.pdf", "source_sha256": "5a7cab30ecf2570b18d225af3e214faff0594b85e7e8d879fbb86a23c3d7e202"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 408, "chars": 2629, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
nummified skeleton from the Atacama Desert in Chile has been described as "alien." But genetic
alysis shows that she was human and may have had a previously unknown bone disorder.
*acharya S et al. 2018
Nearly two decades ago, the rumors began: In the Atacama Desert of
northern Chile, someone had discovered a tiny mummified alien.
An amateur collector exploring a ghost town was said to have come across a
white cloth in a leather pouch. Unwrapping it, he found a six-inch-long
skeleton.
Despite its size, the skeleton was remarkably complete. It even had
hardened teeth. And yet there were striking anomalies: it had 10 ribs
instead of the usual 12, giant eye sockets and a long skull that ended in a
point.
Ata, as the remains came to be known, ended up in a private collection, but
the rumors continued, fueled in part by a U.F.O. documentary in 2013 that
featured the skeleton. On Thursday, a team of scientists presented a very
different explanation for Ata - one without aliens, but intriguing in its own
way.
Ata's bones contain DNA that not only shows she was human, but that she
belonged to the local population. What's more, the researchers identified in
her DNA a group of mutations in genes related to bone development.
Some of these mutations might be responsible for the skeleton's bizarre
form, causing a hereditary disorder never before documented in humans.
Antonio Salas Ellacuriaga, a geneticist at the University of Santiago de
Compostela in Spain who was not involved in the new study, called it "a
very beautiful example of how genomics can help to disentangle an
anthropological and archaeological dilemma."
"DNA autopsies," as Dr. Ellacuriaga calls them, could help shed light on
medical disorders "by looking to the past to understand the present."
The research, published in the journal Genome Research, began in 2012,
when Garry P. Nolan, an immunologist at Stanford University, got wind of
the U.F.O. documentary, "Sirius," while it was still in production.
Dr. Nolan emailed the producers and offered to look for DNA in the
mummy. The skeleton's owner agreed to X-ray images as well as bone
marrow samples taken from the ribs and right humerus.
Sark
New lines
Marezz 0)
Matter
Matter. It's the stuff of everything - large and smal
What's Behind Many Mystery Ailments? Genetic
Mutations, Study Finds
How One Child's Sickle Cell Mutation Helped
Protect the World From Malaria
Neanderthals, the World's First Misunderstood
Artists
This Mutant Cravfish Clones Itself, and It's
Taking Over Europe
The Famine Ended 70 Years Ago, but Dutch
Genes Still Bear Scars
See More >
MAR 15
MAR E
FEB 22
FES
JAN 3.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1701, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
While her elongated head was striking, it wasn't the strangest feature of
Ata's skeleton. Despite being the size of a human fetus, about the length of a
pen, her bones were as developed in some ways as those of a 6-year-old.
Ralph S. Lachman, an expert on hereditary bone diseases at Stanford
University, examined her X-rays. He concluded that her constellation of
symptoms did not match any known disease. The scientists reasoned that
Ata might have had mutations for a disorder that had never before been
described.
Science Times
We'll bring you stories that capture the wonders of
the human body. nature and the cosmos.
Enter your email address
Sign Up
You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers
for The New York Times's products and services.
I'm not a robot
reCAPTCHA
Privacy - Terms
SEE SAMPLE
PRIVACY POLICY OPT OUT OR CONTACT US ANYTIME
Sanchita Bhattacharya, a
researcher in Dr. Butte's lab,
searched for mutations in Ata's
DNA and identified 2.7 million
variants throughout the
genome. She whittled this list
to 54 rare mutations that could
potentially shut down the gene
in which they were located.
"I was amazed by how much
you can tell from the genetic
blueprint," said Ms.
Bhattacharya.
Many of those genes, it turned out, are involved in building skeletons. Some
have already been linked to conditions ranging from scoliosis to dwarfism
to having an abnormal number of ribs.
But some of Ata's mutations are new to science. It's possible some caused
her skeleton to mature quickly even while failing to grow to normal stature.
Ms. Bhattacharya speculates that such a disorder would have caused the
child to he stillhorn. And she stressed that these mutations are for now

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 271, "chars": 1655, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MEL DACIU t male N eve we tammg l grow w murmal statuie.
'Ms. Bhattacharya speculates that such a disorder would have caused the
child to be stillborn. And she stressed that these mutations are, for now,
only theoretical candidates.
Other experts concurred. "There is no single slam-dunk finding that
explains the bizarre appearance of this individual," said Daniel G.
MacArthur, a geneticist at the Broad Institute who was not involved in the
study.
Yet understanding what happened to Ata might shed light on skeletal
deformities seen today. That may require engineering stem cells with each
of the 54 mutations, growing them in a dish, and then looking for telling
changes in their development.
And Dr. Nolan has heard stories about similar skeletons in other parts of
the world. If he were able to examine them, he might discover some of these
mutations in their DNA, as well.
Fven more dirert confirmation micht he nossible if researchers naid rinser
SCIENCE
Was a Tiny Mummy in the Atacama an Alien? No, but the Real Story Is Almost as Strange
Although there are 24,000 stillbirths in the United States alone each year,
doctors generally don't record the features of the fetuses, let alone study
their DNA. With so little data, there's no way to know if Ata was unique.
"This could be a trigger to look into more such cases," said Albert Zink, an
antropologist at the European Research Academy in Bolzano, Italy, who
was not involved in the new study.
While Dr. Nolan began the project as "a lark," he believes the evidence now
requires that the mummy be returned to Chile for proper treatment as
human remains.
" me lus tovespet these thuys, he sud
