{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T18:05:33Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1782730, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118294-dr-lachman-other-report-6-8-yr-old-may-2013.pdf", "source_sha256": "a32690304f2ab863151e52f435d64e8687feaa9818a29a0c9e6dab2a2ae11df8"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 413, "chars": 2451, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Cc:
Subject:
Thursday, May 09, 2013 1:45 AM
Steve Greer
J.D.
RE: Dr.
s very happy...
Wow... interesting.
Head is spinning with that info.
Yes—the "open source" analysis will include EVERYTHING. ©
This will be the MOST deeply analyzed hominid DNA sample... ever. And I mean... EVER.
From: Steve Greer
Sent: Wednesday, May 8, 2013 10:05 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re:
s very happy...
This is very good news. I would be happy to meet with
at any time- and discuss his thoughts
further from a clinical point of view. Perhaps we can do a screening in Palm Springs or the Bay Area during
which we can take questions and examine the matter further.
Also, in looking at the X-Rays with
in Barcelona, we reached the same conclusion- although not
a specific age. It was clear that the overall bone density and all of the joints and plates (not just the knees) were
completely inconsistent with a fetus, and she was very clear about this. She shook her head vigorously NO
several times when I asked if she thought it could be a fetus (her English was limited, and my Spanish more so!)
Will the Ingenuity effort include research into the 2 million un-matched base pairs to look for the possibility of
an answer? Or at least to see if there is operative genetic material there and not just computer error and so forth?
What a great idea to get a lot of people looking into it! BTW Der Spiegel in Germany is planning an article on
Ata- God only knows what they intend to say...
CONFIDENTIAL:
On another front, and most intriguing : I spoke with a number of S. American researchers at the CHD at the
National Press Club in DC last week: 3 knew of similar specimens in Puerto Rico, Peru and also Chile ( in
addition to the one filmed in Russia from 1996.) One researcher who did very extensive travels to Chile met a
man in Santiago that has an even smaller specimen currently in his possession. It is identical to ours, but is only
8 cm or less in size- tiny. He says that this specimen is a much smaller version of Ata, and he saw the specimen
personally. I regard this man as very credible and he had really done his homework.
More amazing: he got very close to a old mine that allegedly accidentally bore into an underground city for
these creatures, replete with byzantine corridors and structures, but also very small, commensurate with their
size. A real breakthrough if true. He says locals in the Andes of Chile, Peru and Bolivia report seeing very

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 463, "chars": 2778, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
small human-like creatures that emerge from caves and under-ground tunnels at night, and that apparently our
solar radiation is harmful to them. They are not seen during the day. The conjecture is that they originated from
a planet with a completely different solar radiation and UV spectrum. The best reports of these humanoids are
from full moon sightings when there is more visibility (for humans) but no strong UV radiation. Luminous
UFOs have been seen in the same area going into the earth trans-dimensionally (i.e. not fully solid).
I am collecting a file on all of this for future investigation. IF true, this even further reinforces the need for an
expedition, complete with a CE-5 component IMHO. This one source in particular has been all over Chile,
Boliva and Peru, has maps and information useful to such an effort and is willing to assist me with a research
project there. He says maximum contact between native tribes and these creatures occurred 12,000-40,000
years ago. (Wonder when the B2a marker appeared in female human mitochondraa....?) He is compiling a file
for me to review ASAP.
The VA Premiere is Thursday (today) and then Fri.-Sun. a 3 day training and expedition under the night sky
here in VA. Then, I hope, a break! Em and I have several hundred unread emails and about 50 radio and
internet interviews to catch up on-yikes!
Onward...
Steve
On Wed, May 8, 2013 at 10:27 PM, Garry Nolan (
• wrote:
All,
I just met with
for coffee this afternoon and the best way I could describe his mood is
"jazzed". He was thrilled with the coverage, paid "no never mind" to the "controversy" and had printed out a
lot of the commentary on some websites that he thought was funny. Now, here's the thing that turned my
head. He insists the epiphyses are not an artifact. And... he said... something I had not paid attention to in the
report. When he said certain joints were "normal"... he meant "normal for a 6-8 year old". So all the
comments where he said "normal" meant... normal for the presumed age.
He brushed away the critiques people have been tossing around that the bones are clearly a fetus. I am going to
get a clearer enunciation of what he was saying as he was late for another meeting by the time we got to that.
More importantly, Steve, he said if you were to do a movie showing in Palm Springs (1 guess he has a house
there) he's happy to come be a guest and stick around for questions.
So... I think he's willing to talk a little more. You won't get him to admit it's an alien, but there's no slam dunk
about the age of the thing. I was beginning (strongly) to lean in the direction of "fetus" as I've been getting
LOTS of emails from paleontologists insisting we are reading it wrong (with no proof. But Dr. Lachman
renewed my energy on it.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 71, "chars": 421, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Also importantI just agreed with a large sequence analysis company (Ingenuity) that once I get over 40X
sequence they will do a "contest" to analyze the DNA "open source" with a competition to find the "gene(s)"
for what's wrong.
agreed to be on the "award" committee with me.
We will get every major grad student on the planet looking to win the $10K or so prize that will be offered by
the company.
Hope all is well.
3
