{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T12:04:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 461933, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118291-otago-researchers-question-mummy-study-atacama.pdf", "source_sha256": "fcf045c306614796d0da4ead97a3b6e049d748bc30d04fca5796118b6ff00bfb"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2423, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Otago researchers question 'mummy' study
& JOHN GIBB
A UNIVERSITY of Otago-led
research team has taken issue
with the ethics and scientifie
analysis of a study into a much-
publicised alien-like "mummy"
found in a Chilean desert
Bioarchaeologist Associate
Prof Sian Halerow, of the
anatomy department, led an
international research team
focusing on the tiny mummified
body, known as the Atacama
Mummy.
Prof Halcrow said the Otago
evaluation of earlier skeletal
and genomic research at
Stanford University raised
several "concerning" issues
over ethics, and the need for
multidisciplinary approaches
to such DNA research, and for
more open scientific debate,
she said.
The Otago research was
published in the International
Journal of Paleopathology this
week.
The Stanford work was
published in Genome Research
earlier this year.
In April, Lisa Matisoo-Smith,
a professor of biological
anthropology, also of the Otago
department, spoke out in an
address to a science
communication conference in
Dunedin.
Prof Matisoo-Smith discussed
some overseas-based genetic
researchers, who did not always
engage fully with local
communities and use the
careful, multi-disciplinary
approaches needed to avoid
potential DNA analysis
problems.
Earlier problems had
included questionable DNA
analysis of skulls, which may
have been mislabelled in a
Latin American museum, and
issues with other skulls found
in Pacific graves.
Prof Halcrow agreed with
Prof Matisoo-Smith's concerns,
and said the latest Otago-led
research, involving a tiny
mummy, nicknamed Ata,
highlighted related issues.
The mummy was discovered
more than a decade ago in an
abandoned town in the
Atacama Desert, in Chile.
The Stanford researchers
concluded genetic
abnormalities could explain
perceived abnormal
characteristics of the skeleton,
which was only 15cm long
But Prof Halerow and fellow
university researchers in the
Speaking out... University of Otago bioarchaeologist Associate Prof
Sian Halcrow. Inset: The Atacama Mummy is the common name
given to the 15cm-long skeletal remains of a human foetus found in
2003 in a deserted Chilean town in the Atacama Desert.
PHOTOS: SUPPLIED
United States, Sweden and
Chile, raised concerns about
the earlier analysis.
The earlier "scientifically
flawed" study highlighted the
need for slow research, with
input from other key special-
ists, including in bone develop-
ment and archaeology, she said
john.giob@odt.co.nz
