{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T06:51:17Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1180101, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118502-craddock-email-re-alaska-melting-9-3-1998.pdf", "source_sha256": "e76ffe4353c50293c1a6d35d61bb66ac7e4d0bc4f0c6bd68becbe043da32a161"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2240, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
File
Global Warman,
To:
(unknown, INTERNET
From:
INTERNET:
Date: 9/3/98, 12:53 PM
Re:
As Alaska Melts, Scientists Consider the Reasons Why
10:
From: "
>
Subject: As Alaska Melts, Scientists Consider the Reasons Why
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
August 18, 1998
As Alaska Melts,
By
Scientists Consider the Reasons Why
• NY Times
Through the mist-streaked windows of a
But like much of the rest of Alaska, the glacier is not what it used to be.
ot so long ago, cruise ships nosed right up to the glacier's 200-foot-hig
ront wall to watch icebergs break off and crash into the sound. That i
Impossible today. The front has retreated by more than eight miles in the
last 16 years, and ships are separated from it by a vast expanse of melting
cebergs, penned in by a rocky shoal that stretches from where th
hrinking glacier's front wall used to be to where it is now
Alaska is thawing, and much of northern Russia and Canada with it, and many
scientists say that the warming of these cold regions is one of the most
telling signals that the planet's climate is changing. Experts have long
said that in an era of global warming,
this bellwether region should warm
more and faster than the Earth as a whole, and that is just how things are
turning out.
The signs are everywhere.
Scientists employing laser instruments have confirmed that many of Alaska's
hundreds of glaciers are retreating. The warmer atmosphere, which holds
more moisture, has produced more snow to feed the glaciers, but longer,
warmer summers have in many cases melted them even faster than the heavier
snows can build them up. At this time of year, countless streams run full
and chalky with tiny rock particles pulverized to dust by the glaciers. The
region's permafrost, ground that is perpetually frozen, is thawing in
Alaska's interior,
and pockets of underground ice trapped in the frost are
melting with it. Over thousands of miles, big patches of forest are
drowning and turning gray as the ground sinks under them and swamp water
floods them. Here and there, deep holes have opened in the earth. Roadside
utility poles, destabilized by the melting, tilt at crazy angles. So do
trees, creating a phenomenon known as drunken forest.
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 472, "chars": 2977, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The intermittent character of the land's subsidence -- the permafrost comes
in patches in most of the state, and not every patch has ice pockets --
wreaks havoc on paved roads. Between here and Fairbanks, 360 miles away,
many stretches of highway
are like ocean swells overlaid with Irregular
breaks and cracks, and driving on them safely often requires vigilance.
Maintenance crews in the summer are constantly busy not just repairing
roads, but constantly re-repairing them, at substantial cost.
Along the Fairbanks-to-Valdez stretch, entire mountainsides of spruce
forest, prime timberland that used to be part of the magnificent taiga, the
vast boreal forest of conifers that rings the world's northern latitudes,
are dead and gray. The trees have been weakened by several climate-related
stresses, then killed by spruce bark beetles whose population, scientists
say, has exploded in the higher temperatures. "It has moved into high gear
in the last six or seven years, " said DI. Glenn Juday, a forest ecologist
at the University of Alaska. "It's just rolling through the forest."
About the magnitude of the warming, there is little doubt. While the
average surface temperature of the globe has risen over the last century by
1 degree Fahrenheit or a little more, scientists at the University of
Alaska and elsewhere say that it has increased over the last 30 years by as
much as 5 degrees in Alaska, Siberia and northwestern Canada. The warming
has been most pronounced in winter.
beginning in the mid 1970s, which generally redirected the flow of warm air
from the Pacific toward Alaska. But researchers like DI. Gunter Weller, of
the University of Alaska in Fairbanks, an expert on climate change, point
out that big areas of northern Russia not affected by the circulation
change have warmed as much as Alaska. Moreover, say other experts, it is
possible that global warming had something to
circulation.
A number of experts believe the regional thaw has resulted from a
combination of natural and human-induced climate change. Mainstream
scientists predict that globally, the average surface temperature will fise
Ase a or dise de are not proud me as are proced sy boreate of
about 3.5 degrees,
fossil fuels like coal, oil and natural gas.
The scientists say that Alaska and other far northern continental regions
should warm about twice as much as the average for the globe. Iwo main
reasons lie behind this: As ice and snow melt, less heat is reflected off
the land,
amplifying the warming. And at these latitudes, the atmosphere is
stable in winter and spring. This confines more heat to its lower
Whatever the combination of causes of Alaska's warming, the catalog of
effects is substantial.
warmer than it was three decades ago.
When Weller moved to Fairbanks 30 years ago, winter temperatures frequently
dipped well below minus-40. In the
last two decades, the number of
sub-40-degree days has dropped substantially compared with the three
preceding decades.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 541, "chars": 3392, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In the Bering Sea, scientists have found, the amount of sea ice has
Fairbanks, people since 1917 have taken great pains to record the exact
moment when the Tanana River ice breaks up each spring. A lucrative lottery
depends on the result. Four of the earliest breakups in that 81-year span
have been in the 1990s.
In the interior, higher temperatures have been accompanied by more snow in
the winter (as is well known,
extreme cold means a drier atmosphere and
less precipitation), but also less rain in the summer. For agriculture (the
potential of which is in any case limited by a scarcity of suitable Alaskan
land), the warming has been a double-edged sword. The good news is that the
growing season is about 20 percent longer; the bad news is that sufficient
water for crops is often lacking.
"It's changed dramatically since the '80s," said Scott Miller, who farms a
big, flat spread of barley, oats and hay that is about a two-hour drive
south of Fairbanks, within sight of the snow-capped Alaska Range. There,
with a brilliant sun beating down and the temperature heading toward 80,
Miller explained that in the 1980s, it rained practically all sunmer, and
there was a danger of frost in July. "Now, " he said,
"we're way on the
other end of the spectrum; we're usually hurting for water, and there's
more heat."
on the other hand, according to the 1997 study, longer summers have allowed
the state's vibrant tourist industry to expand. Other long-range benefits
are expected. Shipping in the region should become easier, and an
open-water sea route between Alaska and Europe could open up. The
contraction of sea ice could allow more offshore oil drilling. Warmer water
could help some fisheries.
But at the moment, the warming is perhaps most evident in its effects on
forests, permafrost and glaciers.
on a clear summer day a few miles southwest of Fairbanks, from where the
gleaming white pyramid of Mount McKinley rose through hazein the distance,
Juday knelt on the floor of the Bonanza Creek Experimental Forest, a
long-term ecological research reservation. A vintage old-growth forest of
white spruce not far from the Arctic Circle, it is in the middle of the
taiga. Moss-covered logs litter the ground. The spruces themselves, their
short, needled branches draped with feathery lichens much like Spanish
moss, tower overhead, straight and tall, rising to 100 feet.
coordinates. The purpose was to aid airborne scientists who later would
survey the forest for climate-related damage -- in this case, the extent to
which the crowns of the big spruces have been snapped off by heavy snows.
Normally, the snows at that latitude are light and fluffy. But recently
they have become heavier, apparently a result of the changing climate. The
weight of two especially heavy snowfalls in the late 1980s and early 1990s
broke off the tops of trees.
"There was an incredible outbreak of insects
following that,"
and they attacked the trees, Juday said as he pointed out
two topless spruce giants.
on top of that,
he said, the warming climate, coupled with less summer
precipitation,
has stunted trees' growth. The crowns of aspens, for
instance, 1o0k especially puny,
and that is where the recent growth would
have taken place. Besides promoting a bigger buildup of tree-eating insects
in general,
the warming has prompted some species, like the spruce budworm,
to move farther north.
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 451, "chars": 2848, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"These trees are in real trouble, " Juday said. "We've got a sick forest
Farther south, much of the forest is more than sick; it is dead or dying.
In a broad swath stretching for 300 or 400 miles along the state's southern
tiel,
from the Kenai Peninsula south of Anchorage past the spectacular
Chugach Mountains north and northeast of here, chunks of landscape have
turned red (freshly killed) or gray (long dead). Spruce bark beetles are
the killers, and they are "basically eliminating the forest canopy, " said
Jerry Boughton, who heads the U.S. Forest Service's regional forest health
program, based in Anchorage. Scientists estimate that a third to half of
Alaska's white spruce have died in the last 15 years.
Several factors have combined to produce this ecological holocaust, said
Boughton, not least the fact that the forest is older, and therefore more
vulnerable to insect attack. "But certainly, the warming has created a
better environment for the bark beetle to expand," he said. In fact,
mainstream scientists say, that is how the predicted global warming would
But in Alaska, which is bounded on the south by ocean, it is unclear what
will happen.
"I don't know of any trees in the Gulf of Alaska," Juday said.
I. Vladimir Romanovsky, formerly of Moscow state University but now of thr
niversity of Alaska, has seen lots of permafrost: it is his area of
meies, he need 10k as ter an the and next to his mothere-lavrost
home outside Fairbanks. There, a hole, 15 feet long, 6 feet across and 8
feet deep has recently opened in the ground.
The hole, doomed saplings and sod Iying in the bottom, is a thermokarst: a
sinking plot of ground caused by thawing permafrost. Growing numbers of
thermokarsts now abound in Alaska.
Construction has long been known to thaw permafrost if not undertaken with
care, but now something different is happening. A thicker layer of
insulating snow in the winter,
combined with warmer summer weather, i
ausing undisturbed permafrost to thaw, creating an uneven and sometime
crater-pocked landscape.
'hawing permafrost has forced the relocation of roads and runways.
Agricultural fields have been damaged and houses have tilted off kilter.
Roads and bridges have been abandoned, as has a hospital in the town of
Kotzebue.
Even the site for the university's building for international
arctic research, under construction in Fairbanks, had to be moved.
Rohan than green Stating in the water a reto of a bit agend.
subarctic swamp. When a thermokarst develops the swampy water fills it, and
the trees die.
Romanovsky said measurements from boreholes drilled into the ground show
many areas are mere tenths of a degree from the melting point and will thaw
last century in some places), and a new stability will have set in, making
construction and maintenance easier than before the thaw. The transition is
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 391, "chars": 2435, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"=.=
the problem.
When the Columbia Glacier was first studied a century ago, it was advancing
so rapidly that blocks of ice would fall on trees in its path. The advance
stopped about 1923 and was followed by a slight pullback. More recently the
glacier was stable, its leading edge anchored to a broad underwater shoal
of rocky debris, called a moraine, that the glacier had pushed ahead of 1t
as it advanced. Each summer the glacier would fall back a bit, but would
advance in the winter and re-attach itself to the moraine.
Then, in 1983, it failed to re-attach, and the retreat was on. It has been
retreating toward the shore at an average rate of about half a mile a year
since. The moraine pens up the 8-mile field of icebergs that holds ships
away from the glacier's front.
What touched off the pell-mell pullback? "My belief is that it is climate,"
said Dr. Will Harrison, a geophysicist at the University of Alaska, who is
an expert on glaciers.
One theory is that the warmer environment prevented
the glacier from re-attaching itself to the moraine after the seasonal
summer fallback. "Once climate kicks it off, you can't stop it, " Harrison
said of the retreat. "Once the bullet's fired, that's it." Many climate
experts believe that in general, abrupt changes like this, rather than
gradual ones, are likely to typify a warming climate.
Alaska has more than 1,000 glaciers, big and small, and together they make
up the fourth-largest collection of ice in the world, after Antarctica,
Greenland and the neighboring Queen Elizabeth Islands of the high Arctic.
And as is true of mountain glaciers generally, many of Alaska's are
retreating, and the retreat has accelerated in recent years.
Recent mapping of a sampling of nine glaciers, said Harrison, has revealed
that all have thinned substantially at lower elevations, probably because
of increased melting in the summer. But at higher elevations, most of the
precipitation. Still, in most instances, the melting at the base of the
glacters has outstripped the new ice provided by winter snows, and the
trend has been especially pronounced in the last five years. "Something's
happened here, "
Indeed.
Given the uncertainty of climate predictions, the future is unclear. "But
each year and each month that the temperature doesn't drop down, " said
"is confirmation that the whole system has been kicked up" to a new
climatic state.
Regards
Web Administrator
CSETI
http:/
5
