{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T13:07:13Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 13, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3680891, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118765-blackstar-historical-spaceplane.pdf", "source_sha256": "58d5f5d984eac31d4270bde8c0f7442965296dd1037449850f2eb79123bd90ac"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 333, "chars": 2436, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Historical Legacy of the Blackstar Spaceplane
By Michael Schratt
Abstract: Aerospace trade publications, visual reports and personal interviews with test pilots
and engineers confirm the existence of multiple highly classified aerospace vehicles. These
include boomerangs, black triangles, diamonds, arrowheads, and Spaceplanes/Trans
Atmospheric Vehicles (TAVs). Funded by the so- called "black budget", many of these
programs are exempt from congressional oversight and public scrutiny. Developed along the
famous "aerospace alley" region of southern California, many of these USAPs represent
America's super-secret "ace in the hole", and provide a unique "power projection" capability for
multiple military and intelligence agencies. Companies such as
1, Rockwell, Northrop,
McDonnell Douglas and Boeing made tremendous advancements during the "Reagan build-up"
era, and many of these programs have now passed their "sun-set" duration of deployment.
Therefore, it's now time for a re-examination of these programs, and a renewed push for the
"dis-lodging" of those that can be declassified without representing any threat to the national
security of the United States.
Blackstar: The two-stage-to-orbit Spaceplane
During the 1980s, Soviet era aerospace companies developed plans for what they called a
"space fighter". The primary roles for this spaceplane concept were the following: military
reconnaissance, satellite interception, space station defense, and crew transfer applications. This
full-scale development program fell under the jurisdiction of what came to be known as the
Russian Kosmolyot I and II project. Upon getting word of these advancements in Russian
aerospace technology, White House and Pentagon officials became "deeply concerned" that
America would lose the advantage in developing an operational spaceplane. Therefore, on
December 1, 1985 American efforts to develop a two-stage-to-orbit spaceplane appear to have
shifted into high gear, and oversight command for this program was transferred from the
Department of Defense, to a joint venture composed of the Central Intelligence Agency and the
National Reconnaissance Office (CIA/NRO). The new code-name for this project was called
"COSMIC WIND", which was later renamed "Blackstar". Through the tremendous efforts of
former Aviation Week and Space Technology editor William Scott, a clear picture of this
historically significant program has now emerged.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 160, "chars": 1081, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Approximately one month after the official go-ahead for this program the space shuttle
Challenger exploded 72 seconds after launch on January 28, 1986. Since at least 70% of all
payloads associated with the NASA shuttle programwere classified DOD/intelligence agency
applications, the Department of Defense/CIA/NRO lost what it termed its "assured access to
space". Not wanting to interrupt their schedule of launching highly classified satellites, the
United States Air Force, CIA and the National Reconnaissance Office were now forced to rely
on Titan booster rockets. However, there were multiple Titan rocket failures during the mid-1986
time-frame, and the "spook groups" found themselves "out of business". The loss of these two
space assets provided further emphasis and urgency for America to accelerate its plans to
develop an operational spaceplane.
The derelict and dilapidated remains of the A-12 Avenger II mock-up outside at the Fort Worth
Aviation Museum. Is this really all that American taxpayers received for their $5 Billion
investment?
Photo by Michael Schratt

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 398, "chars": 2718, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Frantic to maintain its control of the "high ground", a desperate call went out to various
aerospace defense contractors who could quickly design, build and test fly a two-stage-to-orbit
spaceplane system. These included |
1, Rockwell, McDonnell Douglas, and Boeing. A
significant majority of these contractors (with the exception of Boeing in Seattle) had locations
within what has been termed "aerospace alley" which extends from San Diego, north to Los
Angeles, continuing to Lancaster/Palmdale/Air Force Plant 42, and concluding at Edwards AFB.
As with most "Unacknowledged Special Access Programs" (USAPs), funding for the Blackstar
program was covertly spread out over multiple projects including the ill-fated US Navy A-12
Avenger II, and the X-30 NASP (National Aerospace Plane). This wouldn't be the first time that
highly compartmented so called "black" programs were used as a "sacrificial lamb" to cover the
funding of even more highly classified projects. Many of these super-secret programs are
referred to in the military/intelligence agencies as: "ace in the hole" or "trump card" technology.
They are also referred to as "silver bullets". Under extreme pressure, and on a tight schedule, the
Lockheed Company in Burbank may have took the leading role in designing a small spaceplane,
and "farmed out" much of the construction/manufacturing to McDonnell Douglas in St. Louis.
The "Blackstar" system consisted of two separate components which operated as a single
integrated unit: 1) a large "mothership" or carrier aircraft measuring approximately 200 feet in
length. 2) a smaller "parasitic" aircraft/orbiter which could fit conformally under the belly of the
mothership, and air-dropped at altitudes up to 90,000 feet. Flight testing of the Blackstar
program began in appears to have started in 1989, and by October of the same year, the Blackstar
program had flown its first operational mission. Four large carrier "Mothership" aircraft may
have been produced, with eight spaceplane/orbiters possibly being built. The program was based
out of Area 51/Groom Lake, utilizing the "old CIA A-12 hangers",
", including and two new
massive hangers that were three times larger than their historic neighbors. During flight testing
and operational missions, ground controllers at Groom Lake carried the call sign "EARTH"
when communicating with the spaceplane. Other bases of operation may include Alaska or
Patrick AFB in Florida.
BLACKSTAR
PERSONIC HIGH ALTITUDE LAUNCH PLATFOI
O STAGE TO ORBIT SPACEPLANE SYSTE
Rockwell Internation
HANG TAN
SR-3 "MOTHERSHIP"
("LOOKED LIKE THE VINTAGE 1960s XB-70°)
VIEW A-A
BOEING
MOBSENED
Three view drawing of large SR-3 "Mothership" with smaller XOV spaceplane below

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2360, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The large mothership was referred to the "SR-3"
', aka "elegant lady", while the smaller
spaceplane was designated "XOV" (Experimental Orbital Vehicle) or "Speedy". Early in
program under the "COSMIC WIND" code-name, the large carrier aircraft was referred to as the
"MAV" (Manned Aerial Vehicle), while the smaller spaceplane was designated the "AAV"
(Advanced Aerial Vehicle). Resembling the 1960's era North American Aviation XB-70
Valkyrie, the SR-3 was certainly an imposing sight to behold. Eyewitnesses who were fortunate
enough to see this aircraft during the daytime described it as being "huge" or "giant". Others
simply called it the "Super Valkyrie". Indeed, as reported by at least two former North American
Aviation test pilots, the technology existed in the 1950s to develop a two-stage-to-orbit
spaceplane system. With the advantage of 30 years of additional technological developments,
and an almost unlimited access to black budget funding, its well within the capability of the
America aerospace industry to design, build and test fly such a vehicle.
With a wingspan of 120 feet, the SR-3 featured a triangular/delta wing configuration, with
large "tip-sails" or winglets that rose up 12 feet and were canted at a 35-degree angle. It also
featured a dorsal ridge or "spine" that extended immediately behind the cockpit, and ran down
the length of the fuselage to the trailing edge of the wing. A retractable set canards (with their
own winglets) were also located just aft of the crew compartment (reference email to Michael
Schratt from Nancy Certain 9/13/16). These canards had the capability of retracting forward to
support low speed applications. The SR-3 carried a crew of three consisting of the pilot, co-pilot
and launch control officer (LRO) who sat facing backwards. The bottom of the aircraft featured a
large XB-70 like triangular "splitter" air-intake which was divided into two banks at the rear of
the craft. However, the most prominent feature was what appeared to be a "relieved section" or
"scooped out" portion of the bottom which was designed to allow the smaller spaceplane to fit
inside forming an aerodynamically efficient mating of the two aircraft (reference detailed report
from James Petty to Michael Schratt 12/5/16).
(MOTHERSKIA)
- S8-3
TAis
MiNG
wingle
twingle
Original SR-3 Mothership sketch by Nancy Certain

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 410, "chars": 2702, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
According to eyewitness and Rocket scientist James Petty who saw both the Mothership and
its smaller parasitic aircraft flying over Salt Lake City Utah on October 4, 1998 the larger SR-3
carrier aircraft is powered by six modified variable-cycle J-93 engines (reference in-person 90-
minute video tape interview of James Petty conducted by Michael Schratt 3/12/16). However,
there appears to be a discrepancy regarding exactly what type of propulsion system was used to
power the mothership. Those within the vicinity of SR-3 flight operations described hearing a
VERY LOUD PULSING ROARING noise during take-off roll and climb out. This was
confirmed by witness Nancy Certain Ph.D., from Doylestown PA, who saw the massive carrier
aircraft during the day from a half-mile distance at an altitude of approximately 2,500 feet in
1993. Others stated that as the aircraft accelerated and gained altitude, the frequency and
intensity of the pulsing noise increased. This may indicate the use of a combined cycle scramjet
engine which can operate at both low and high speeds. Either way, it's clear that this aircraft
utilizes some form of "multi-cycle" engine.
The mothership has a weight of 275,000 to 300,000 pounds, and a range of 6,000 miles
(unlimited with aerial refueling). The SR-3 is capable of speeds in excess of Mach 6, and can
climb to an altitude of 150,000 feet. It features a white/grey exterior surface, with two being built
by 1988. Fuel for the SR-3 consists of liquid hydrogen/liquid methane with JP8 used in the case
of the J-93 engines. The contractors involved with designing and building the SR-3 mothership
may have consisted of Lockheed, Rockwell and Boeing. Final assembly took place at Boeing's
large assembly facility in Seattle. It's interesting to note that on October 14, 1986 Boeing filed a
patent (4,802,639) for a two-stage-to-orbit spaceplane system that closely matched the Blackstar
operational capabilities, although the physical characteristics of the craft were different than
what was reported by multiple eyewitnesses. Once reaching an altitude of 90,000 feet and a speed
of Mach 3, the SR-3 air-drops its smaller parasitic aircraft, and either returns to its original base
of operation, or takes on additional fuel for an extended mission.
BLACKSTAR
TWO STAGE TO ORBIT SPACEPLANE
(TOP SECRET
*ASSURED ACCESS TO SPACE
TELL THE HERE TO TAKE THE PAGO HOME
ODS FROM GOD
XHAUST POR
?
WONG TIPS
AFT VIEW
FRONT VIEW
ATTACHED TO MOTHERSHIP
ASED ALLOY/TITANIUM
TIRE EXTERUOR COVEREL
(TOP AND BOTTOM)
TOP VIEW
BOTTOM VIEW
KEW ROTARY LAUNCHER (EX)
MODIPE FA CANOP
/SECTION
SRB LOADED IN AFT OF
(AEROJET/LOCKHEED)
BOLING
SIDE VIEW
Three view drawing of Speedy XOV spaceplane

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 78, "chars": 516, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
D
Detail view of XOV linear aerospike engines showing "radiator like" screens
DETAIL VIEW OF EXHAUST PORTS WITH
"RADIATOR LIKE" SCREENS IN PLACE
VIEW OF EXHAUST PORTS WITH SCREENS
REMOVED DEPICTING 10 INCH DIAMETER
TUBE "HONEYCOMB" PATTERN
SEE DETAIL VIEW WITH-
EXHAUST PORT
SCREENS IN PLACE
- SEE DETAIL VIEW WITH
EXHAUST PORT
SCREENS REMOVED
AFT VIEW OF XOV SPACEPLANE
Detail view of XOV Speedy aft section depicting "radiator like" screens in place, and also
removed showing 10" diameter tube "honeycomb pattern"

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 248, "chars": 1721, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The smaller XOV/Speedy spaceplane was manufactured in two sizes and featured a highly
swept wing lifting body configuration. One measuring approximately 60-65 feet in length, with a
crew of two that sat side-by-side, and another measuring 97.5 feet with a single pilot. These were
named "XOV-1" and "XOV-2." Flying in an inverted low earth orbit orientation, the XOV
featured a two-door "Q-bay" on its upper surface for the operation of a large aperture adaptive
optics system that featured "inches resolution". This "reconnaissance package" had the capability
of correcting for atmospheric disturbances, thereby generating extremely high-resolution images
of ground based targets. The Q-bay could also serve as a launching platform for hyper-velocity
depleted uranium "Rods-from God". The XOV could attain altitudes of between 150-250 miles,
and speeds exceeding 17,500 mph (Mach 20). The primary propulsion system for the XOV were
four linear aerospike engines that were grouped in two banks at the aft end of the vehicle. These
engines were developed by a joint venture which included Aerojet and the Pratt &
Whitney/Rocketdyne Company, which later became Aerojet Rocketdyne. Witnesses who have
observed the back of this vehicle described seeing what looked like "radiator screens" covering
the exhaust ports. Others described it as looking like "ventilation grating." Embedded within the
exhaust ports were multiple 10-inch diameter "tubes" which served to mix cooling air, thereby
reducing the vehicle's infrared signature. These tubes gave the exhaust ports an unusual
"honeycomb" appearance. Ground tests of this unique engine took place at Groom Lake during
1988.
Circular receptacle for SRB on aft end of Speedy

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 410, "chars": 2649, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The larger 97.5-foot long spaceplane also featured articulating intakes, and variable geometry
exhaust ports. On either side of the exhaust ports, a dark circular opening was seen which may
have served as a solid rocket booster (SRB) receptacle. These could be loaded into the craft "like
a shotgun shell" and then removed after the conclusion of a mission. The SRBs served to provide
an extra boost, pushing the spaceplane into a low earth orbit flight path. Once in orbit, the
spaceplane had the capability of "dipping back down" into the atmosphere, and then climbing
back up again. Using this technique of "skipping" over the outer reaches of the atmosphere, the
spaceplane could dramatically increase its range. After completing its mission, the spaceplane
would glide back to earth "like the space shuttle" and land horizontally at multiple military
locations in the United States.It could then be "turned around" within 48 hours or "every other
day" to fly another mission. Compared to the space shuttle which can take months or even years
to prepare for flight, the Blackstar system represented a cost-effective alternative. Another
unique advantage was its capability to serve as a "rapid response" military/reconnaissance
platform that could surprise an enemy by flying unpredictable flight paths unlike spy satellites.
The outer wing sections of the XOV featured a "droop down" articulated capability, which
took advantage of "compression lift". The only movable control surfaces on the Speedy
spaceplane were what appeared to be flaps/speed brakes located on the upper and lower rear
surface of the vehicle. A short "stubby tail" which extended from aft of the Q-bay to the extreme
end of the craft served as both a vertical stabilizer, and an attachment point for joining with the
larger carrier aircraft. The outer structure of the craft may have been built at the McDonnell
Douglas facility in St. Louis, and featured an advanced composite material that was "stacked" in
layers forming a sandwich to attain the desired thickness. Red colored thermal protective areas
were located along the leading edges of its wings. The entire bottom surface featured dark
colored thermal resistant "space shuttle tiles". Four "channels" or "strakelets" were seen on the
bottom of the craft. These one to two-foot deep longitudinal "grooves" helped to maintain the
rigidity of the structure, and may have served as a way to dissipate heat during high speed
operations. Apparently, these grooves/inlets were "very complex", and most likely took multiple
attempts to pertect.
Four-wheel nose gear of Speedy
Outboard wing "pogo" landing gear on Speedy

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 295, "chars": 2107, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The XOV incorporated a very unusual landing gear configuration which included a four-
wheel nose gear arrangement, and a retractable "ski-like" landing gear skid that extended directly
from the bottom of the craft. Approximately at the mid-point on the lower surface of the wings, a
retractable "pogo-type" outrigger landing gear helped to stabilize the craft during roll-out.
Generally speaking, highly swept low aspect ratio lifting body configurations have high landing
speeds. Therefore, the Speedy spaceplane was said to have a landing speed between 250-300
mph, with the central retractable landing skid taking the brunt of the force. Certainly, the craft
was a "handful" for even the most experienced test pilots. Only those with practical application
in flying multiple different types of aircraft would qualify for handling such a strange and exotic
aircraft. Pilots who were the "Maverick" type, and had previous air racing experience would be
at the top of the list. Fuel for the XOV was a "gelled Boron" based "slurry" or endothermic type
that had the consistency of toothpaste. Work on the spaceplane proceeded slowly until 1989
when the program made tremendous progress, and engineers were working "around the clock"
24 hours a day, seven days per week, for a period of three years. It was also during this time-
frame that a "fuel breakthrough" was made, which fiuther accelerated the program.
BLACKSTAR
(SUB-SCALE TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATOR)
CDONNELS
OUGLA.
PROGRAM OPERATED BY THE CIA
CE-C AIRCRAFT DESIGNATION: L-501
AIRCRAFT TAIL NUMBER: 00503
PROJECT CODE NAME: THEME CASTLE•
PROGRAM ELEMENT NUMBER: 0401128F
STORED AT BUILDING #430 (AREA 51)
SUB-SCALE -
SCHNOLOGY
DEMONSTRATOR -
•EIGHT FOOT WIDE
"CHIPMUNK CHEEK
- EXTENSIONS
(MODIFIED "FAT" LOCKHEED C5-C GALAXY)
"THEME CASTLE"
00503
CL
- AIR-DROP
LAUNCH PYLON
EXTRA SIX-WHEEL SE
F LANDING GEAF
Drawing depicting the modified
*CHIPMUNK CHEEK
XTENSION
HISTORICAL INFORMATION PROVIDED BY. BILL SCOTT & JJ
TECHNICAL INFORMATION PROVIDED BY: JAMES PETTY
AUTOCAD DRAWING BY MICHAEL SCHRATT 12/28/18
C-5C Galaxy with "chipmunk cheek" extensions

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 120, "chars": 815, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MR. PETE EAMES
SAF/AQ SECURITY
1060 AIR FORCE PENTAGON
WASHINGTON, DC 20330-1060
22 FEB 1994
DEAR PETE:
THE PLACE: KADENA AFB
THE TIME: THE WEEKEND OF 12-13 FEBRUARY
1994 (NEAR DUSK ONE OF THE
DAYS ).
INITIATINU ACTION: EMERGENCY CALL FROM
MANNED AIRCRAFT TO EXPEDITE
RECOVERY AT KADENA AFB. COMING
FROM NORTH; TRACKED SPEED AT
4,2 MACH. DIVERSIONS FOR
OTHER AIRCRAFT IN AREA.
PROCESS:
AIRCRAFT RECOVERED AND QUICKLY
PLACED IN SECURE HANGAR.
RED 3 LOCKDOWN DECLARED AT BASE.
OTHER PILOTS LANDING KEPT AND
SLEPT IN READY QUARTERS.
ONE WHITE/GRAY C-5C LAUNCHED
FROM HOLLOMAN (RAPIDLY). 3 DAYS
OF LOCKDOWN AT BASE. DO-DAH....
Regardo,
John Andrews
Letter from John Andrews to Pete Eames describing the emergency landing of a classified
aircraft (which was tracked going Mach 4.2) at Kadena AFB on February 12-13, 1994

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 303, "chars": 1984, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
On February 13 of 1994, things took a drastic turnon the project. On that day, an XOV
spaceplane was involved in an incident that resulted in the craft making an emergency landing at
Kadena AFB in Japan. This particular aircraft was tracked by Kadena air traffic controllers going
Mach 4.2, and other aircraft in the vicinity had to be diverted to avoid a collision. Subsequently,
the entire base was put on a "Red 3" lockdown for three days. Apparently, during the launch
sequence, the stubby vertical fin/pylon on the spaceplane somehow made contact with its carrier
aircraft, and was forced to make an unscheduled detour. Within 24 hours, a highly modified
Lockheed C-5 Galaxy cargo transport aircraft was dispatched from Holloman AFB to retrieve
the damaged spaceplane. In an effort to "fill a gap" in their intelligence gathering capability, the
CIA/NRO convinced congress in May of 1994 to allocate $100 million dollars to put the SR-71
Blackbird spy-plane back into service so that the Blackstar program could get back on track.
Three of these unique C-5 aircraft were produced which featured eight-foot wide "chipmunk
cheek" extensions on each side of the fuselage. Originally, these modifications were specifically
incorporated for the purpose of transporting large containers which protected satellites during
transit to launch sites. However, they were also later used to transport classified aircraft to
multiple locations around the world. These highly modified aircraft also utilized an extra set of
six wheeled landing gear. Two of these aircraft were operated by NASA, and carried the tail
numbers 00503, and 00504. The third was operated by the CIA, and featured a large red "CL"
marking on its vertical stabilizer. Upon arriving at Kadena AFB, the damaged aircraft was
quickly loaded inside the C-5, which then made a direct flight back to Holloman AFB.
Spaceplane being unloaded from C-5 cargo aircraft at Holloman AFB
(Illustration credit John MacNeill/Tom Bogan)

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 75, "chars": 501, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3.07
-. 33.09-
- 27.28 -
-35.08'__
Top Rended Tes
Ridge
Tiles l
Missma
FLAT-
5k,d
(shute)
runneral
Petasing
14.22
Na-tage wing
untess
Oksassenbled ;
For Flight
soft Edge
AIR BRAKE
when
40.00*
Alew ur. Detar
(hanges we made
To your Fax of 3/4=
Ti: Аст
Original sketch of XOV spaceplane by F-15 pilot at Holloman AFB
C-S
Hopen terra
Took this to unload
JEFT - Must Re DurAge.
close - But
cute!
teles
ACPT
ER w/ Bode
ry wrent
Du RNT
Tarp covering "stubby vertical tail." Note extended flaps/speed brakes

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 1856, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sometime around February 15 of 1994, the C-5 arrived back at Holloman AFB with its
precious yet damaged cargo inside. The aircraft then taxied to a remote part of the long runway
at the base. Eyewitnesses who saw the spaceplane being un-loadedfrom the much larger cargo
aircraft during the daytime indicated that it was a difficult process which took at least three hours
to complete. Apparently, the outer wing panels of the spaceplane have the capability of folding
to allow for transportation in the C-5. One witness (a transient F-15 pilot), who saw the entire
event unfold through binoculars from the cockpit of his aircraft while it was parked on the
ground, drew a sketch of what he observed. The entire un-loading process was being overseen by
"no-nonsense" military security guards. Once the spaceplane was pulled from the opened "clam-
shell" door of the C-5, it was immediately apparent that some damage had occurred to the
spaceplane. A large tarp was seen covering the stubby vertical tail. However, this tarp did not
completely obscure the view of the aft section which revealed a large "chunk" missing. In
addition, the F-15 pilot also identified multiple missing tiles on the spacecraft's bottom right
wing section. It's unknown at this time if this event in conjunction with other technical
challenges "shelved" the Blackstar project, or if it secretly continued its covert activity. In the
end, the Blackstar program represents one of the "crown jewels" of the military industrial
complex. It's unlikely that the engineers, or test pilots associated with the project will get the
credit they deserve anytime in the foreseeable future. Like many other black programs, it's
entirely possible that it will remain another unacknowledged "silver bullet" being hidden away in
some dark and mysterious hangar located somewhere in the southwest.
