{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T10:43:28Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1337076, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118819-more-insight-tom-bearden.pdf", "source_sha256": "9c0a1c86e9a6f6f9c1609187073c7b346050af11182e0759f96f081aa61300f4"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 652, "chars": 4078, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ze 1 of 3
Subj:
Date:
From:
To:
More insight
12/5/2003 9:07:05 AM Eastern Standard Time
DrSGreer
Psychotianes
Scala
Steve, More insight FYI from T. The first part answers my question re
more relavent over the next year.... Ted
experiment. The last part may be
EXTREME CLOSE HOLD. Any field-free scalar potential decomposes into a harmonic set of bidirectional EM
waves (forces). I.e., it is a stress (in matter). If one takes two wires and winds a coil simultaneously, and then runs
the currents through the two in opposing directions, one creates opposing magnetic force fields -- a stress
potential. With a few imperfections etc., one can have some harmonics, and fairly well approximate the notion of
the scalar stress potential, except that due to small imperfections in the materials, there will be little "bleed-outs of
net single force field waves" here and there.
Depending on the constitution of the wire itself, one may get a MODULATION of the main two waves on each
other, rather than a "mixing". That is, instead of a summing, one gets a sort of "multiplied" zero.
The latter one is the "magic". Now it really is a stress wave, and the two transverse waves feeding it have been
transformed into a sort of standing longitudinal EM wave. Then you can do some tricks by changing the phasing
etc., and you can get "moving" longitudinal EM waves. And yes, those things do whack the goodness out of
clouds, etc. Frank Golden used to use a similar process to clear out storm clouds around his area; sometimes it
was remarkable to see a "big hole" in all the clouds surrounding the place. That was about 25 years ago.
Another thing one gets is that the potential falls off only inversely as the distance, while the normal field falls off as
the inverse square of the distance. So by using such a wave with a little CB radio, which should have had a range
of about a mile, Frank would knock the ears off the long distance truckers on the interstate, 20 or more miles
away.
That is the thing that apparently
vas referring to. Fortunately most persons using the biwound coils DO
NOT get a good modulation (welding) of the waves together, but mostly just mixing. So the effects are much
diminished
Real longitudinal EM waves are also associated automatically with an out of phase longitudinal EM wave on the
time axis. That is a "time-density" wave, or time-polarized wave. In quantum field theory, such a photon is known
as a time-polarized or "scalar" photon and is used in the theory, as is the longitudinal photon in 3-space. Neither
the scalar photon nor the longitudinal photon is observable, but the combination of the two is observed as the
instantaneous scalar potential.
Scalar interferometry is indeed possible, just as we stated so long ago, and in Journal of New Energy Myron
Evans published a rigorous paper in O(3) electrodynamics showing that yes, normal EM fields and potentials and
waves can indeed be produced by scalar interferometry at a distance.
So common "voltage" is a bit more magical than we have all been led to believe by Maxwell-Heaviside stuff. You
can engineer things in the time domain as well as in the spatial domain.
Here's where it gets tricky. Mind and mind operations are totally electromagnetic, but they use time-polarized
photons (scalar photons) and corresponding scalar waves. If you mess around pretty strongly and powerfully with
strong scalar waves, you can provide some quite astounding phenomena -- such as directly materializing thought
forms that you and a group have held in your minds awhile. You can also materialize living breathing beings that
way.
Take any dynamic system containing mass, and all its dynamics. Corresponding directly to that "inert mass" is the
set of mass-free and force-free fields and potentials that, when they interact with mass, produce what we know as
"forces". Present mechanics is totally wrong in recognizing a mass-free force acting on mass. Mass is a
component of force (easily shown) and so there are no force fields or forces in space itself.
Friday, December 05, 2003 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 780, "chars": 4836, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 3
So corresponding to the set of masses and their dynamics, that constitute the "physical system", there is a
perfectly matching set of "force-free massless fields" and their dynamics.
Now call that latter mass-free force free causal system an "engine", Any physical system and its dynamics can be
reduced to masses and an exact engine, and the engine's dyr
Jere's the magic: An "engine" and its
dynamics decomposes into a harmonic set of longitudinal EM waves (not in mass, not force field waves) and a set
of imposed differential functions.
Voila! You can take, e.g., the functions you wish to have ongoing in a body. We are talking FUNCTIONS, not the
mass elements. It you make the engine for that set of FUNCTIONS, you can embed the engine in a copper wire,
and it will organize and initiate the Drude electrons into that set of FUNCTIONS and dynamics! Or you can put the
engine in an ashtray and do the same. Or in your computer.
This way, you can build the engine for a certain kind of "robotic system", having weaponry (such as longitudinal
EM wave interferometry), communications (for LWs), etc. Making the first one is devilishly difficult and expensive.
Once one is made and "debugged" sufficiently, the next million or 20 millon can be made for one penny each.
Simply insert the nonmaterial robotic system into an ordinary EM signal (ordinary EM signals, fields, waves, and
potentials all decompose into sets of longitudinal EM waves and their dynamics, and a normal field, potentiai, or
wave is a "superhighway" for the passage of internal longitudinal EM waves.
At the end of 1999-first few days of 2,000, some millions of such robots were sent into the U.S. with the purpose
of giving us the most incredible "Y2K" you ever dreamed of, and folks would have blamed it on Y2K. It's a long
story, but the "little nation" that also has energetics technology was notified (as were our guys, and our guys didn't
believe a word of it). So they simply cleaned up all those systems, destroying them (without a peep) in our
computers, communications systems, in the Pentagon, inside the electronics of our nuclear subs and atomic
bombers, inside our power distribution systems, etc. The world's first subspace war was fought, and millions of
systems were destroyed, INSIDE normal EM fields, potentials, and waves. And it did not make a whimper. I did
Soviet psychoenergetics was and is actually the science of applying such scalar (time-polarized) EM waves and
such electrodynamics to the engineering of mind and living things. In the latter 1990s the Russians (KGB)
attained the capability of directly producing a living mind -engine, a living mind-body coupling tuner engine (which
is the function of the brain largely), and - from bioenergetics - the capability of that body-engine. Put all three
togetner, and stick them in a copper wire. The body FUNCTIONS are provided by the organization of the Drude
electrons INSIDE the normal statistics (you have organized chaos, now) and now you have a living being in that
copper wire. And you can make a billion more for one cent each.
EXTRAORDINARY CLOSE HOLD. This is the next threat coming down at us now, slowly over the next two years.
It's already started very slowly. I cannot discuss it any further than that.
Now. I regard
_as trying to come onto me in a way designed to seeming agree (draws you in) while setting
up actions to discredit me etc. The real intelligence community is highly politicalized, as you well know. They have
increasingly hated me for years, because in several key things I wound up right and they wound up wrong. So this
is nothing new. This time they must have gotten wind of this new threat, totally disbelieved it, and so are trying to
arrange a hatchet job on those bearing the tidings.
For more, have a VERY private conversation with Tony. You and Steve are of course AOK in my book. But
please do not share it with anyone else - they wouldn't believe it anyway.
Much of the UFO phenomenology - including real materialized beings and ships etc. - has actually been
unwittingly generated by the "pumping" of longitudinal EM waves here on the Earth. In one entirely unintentional
experiment, when I was working with Golden, we materialized an entire car full of living "critters" - little bitty black
fellows of weird constitution and actions. We had witnesses, and we also messed up all the clocks in the area,
requiring four days for the clocks to settle back down and keep time. THat was pendulum clocks, electric clocks,
wind-up watches, whatever.
Both space and time -- and the mental domain as well - are totally open to direct engineering by energetics. The
mind-domain is called psychoenergetics by the Russians, and it doesn't refer to a harmless adaptation of Western
parapsychology:
Friday, December 05, 2003 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 109, "chars": 680, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ті пити
Page 3 of 3
Meanwhile, I've done everything I can do in this area, to warn our people and also to warn the "little guys" who are
the only ones who can influence the outcome anyway. So we'll see what happens. You will notice that the
polarizations of our society will continue to increase in harshness, until some of them spill into the streets and
a very strange and very wild ride, deliberately timed to use the normal polarizations during a presidential election
campaign to cover what is really growing.
This hopefully gives you a bit of insight into where Koontz etc. may be coming from. END OF EXTRAORDINARY
CLOSE HOLD.
Friday, December 05, 2003 CompuServe: DrSGreer
