{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T16:37:30Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1709404, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118813-overunity-device-tom-bearden-12-4-03-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "d46ee9e466970c449b64595e29aa3ab3628bb1210061fba311c17273c0316fbf"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 643, "chars": 4012, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
File
Page 1 of 6
Subj:
Date:
From:
To:
Fwd: Overunity device,
12/4/2003 2:11:16 PM Eastern standard Time
DrSGreer,
New reuben,
| Dear Steve,
I just got the below message this afternoon from Tom introducing us to Al and perhaps opening up a dialogue. I
will write Al and see if I can move things forward. Any thoughts before I do that? Please note the second half of
the letter.
Dear
Thanks for the kind words and the very kind offer. They are much appreciated.
I've thought long and hard about the problem, and have come up with what I think is the best way for you to get
your systems onto the market in spite of the usual strong suppression efforts that arise, and in spite of any
attempted opposition by the High Cabal.
It is perfectly obvious that, if one separates the voltage (potential) from the current (say, via two channels, one
where the electrons are "pinned" and cannot move as current), and then separately amplifies the voltage
channel alone, that amplified voltage is "for free" since that is simply asymmetrical regauging, and it is
guaranteed work-free by the gauge freedom principle. Of course, in the real world, it may cost a little for
switching etc., but the change of magnitude of the potential (and therefore collected potential energy) of a
system is basically free. The trick, of course, is how to then couple the amplified voltage flow back onto the
current flow in the main path, without also coupling it back across the main source dipole (external power
source) and increasing the current back through the back emf of the external source. Such coupling is almost
certainly possible, but of course the standard closed current loop circuit guarantees that it does not happen.
Any variation of that schema -- essentially separating voltage from current, amplifying the voltage separately,
then recoupling it to the current without back coupling it to the external source - accomplishes asymmetrical
regauging to change only the potential energy of the system. Without the back coupling, then dissipation of the
excess potential energy in the external load and not in the original source, is sufficient to yield genuine
COP>1.0. Energy conservation is not violated, since the actual collected potential energy in the external circuit
comes from the local altered vacuum potential via the source charges, not really from the external source. A
"flow of potential" onto a receiving circuit, which "potentializes the receiving circuit", actually changes the energy
density of the local vacuum potential in which the receiving circuit is embedded. Thus the source charges in the
circuit (which we usually call the "potentializing charges") receive the additional potential energy from their
ongoing altered vacuum exchange - the latter interaction is not even modeled in conventional electrical
engineering
Let me introduce you to
who is a noted scientist working with the SEAS
organization, directed by Dr. Steve Greer. Dr. Greer and SEAS have very powerful private influence, e.g. in the
Congress and in the U.S. government, as well as in civilian life and civilian industry, with individuals in strong
positions of power. It will take such influence and backing by persons in high political position, to get the units
onto the market safely and keep them there in spite of the Cabal. Their support will assure the "running
blocking" of the interference in all its many guises.
I have the utmost respect and admiration for both
and Dr. Greer, and recommend them most highly
as the very best persons you can choose to trust. They are as fine as they come, and I would unhesitatingly
trust them with my life.
Due to my own serious health problems (and taking care of my wife 24/7 after her stroke of several months
ago), I am not in a sufficient physical situation to bring about the very strong support and high level interference-
running you need. However, Dr. Loder and Dr. Greer and their SEAS organization are quite able and ready to
Thursday, December 04, 2003 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 597, "chars": 3709, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* я
Page 2 of 6
do it.
I am therefore forwarding a copy of this E-mail to
who will shortly be in touch with you via E-mail.
Let me strongly suggest you correspond with L
, then forward him one of the MCUs, so his team can test
its performance results. Once the results are assured, Drs. Greer and Loder and the entire SEAS
organization can and will carry the ball, with very powerful "blocking" of any and all outside attempts to prevent
its successful and rapid worldwide marketing.
So I wish you the very best success and strongly urge you to take advantage of the SEAS capability to move the
unit directly onto the market, with your group building them etc. as you wish. As you know from my writings, I
don't care who gets it done first; the world absolutely must develop and use "cheap clean energy from the
vacuum", or else the environment and probably much of the human species are just going to go down the tube
in the economical and military problems that ensue in the coming "energy wars" otherwise.
Very best wishes,
Forwarded Message:
Subj:
RE: Overunity device
Date:
12/4/2003 1:27:13 PM Eastern Standard Time
From:
To:
CC:
Dear
Thanks for the kind words and the very kind offer. They are much appreciated.
I've thought long and hard about the problem, and have come up with what I think is the best way for you to get
your systems onto the market in spite of the usual strong suppression efforts that arise, and in spite of any
attempted opposition by the High Cabal.
It is perfectly obvious that, if one separates the voltage (potential) from the current (say, via two channels, one
where the electrons are "pinned" and cannot move as current), and then separately amplifies the voltage channel
alone, that amplified voltage is "for free" since that is simply asymmetrical regauging, and it is guaranteed work-
free by the gauge freedom principle. Of course, in the real world, it may cost a little for switching etc., but the
change of magnitude of the potential (and therefore collected potential energy) of a system is basically free. The
trick, of course, is how to then couple the amplified voltage flow back onto the current flow in the main path,
without also coupling it back across the main source dipole (external power source) and increasing the current
back through the back emf of the external source. Such coupling is almost certainly possible, but of course the
standard closed current loop circuit guarantees that it does not happen.
Any variation of that schema - essentially separating voltage from current, amplifying the voltage separately, then
recoupling it to the current without back coupling it to the external source - accomplishes asymmetrical regauging
to change only the potential energy of the system. Without the back coupling, then dissipation of the excess
potential energy in the external load and not in the original source, is sufficient to yield genuine COP>1.0. Energy
conservation is not violated, since the actual collected potential energy in the external circuit comes from the local
altered vacuum potential via the source charges, not really from the external source. A "flow of potential" onto a
receiving circuit, which "potentializes the receiving circuit", actually changes the energy density of the local
vacuum potential in which the receiving circuit is embedded. Thus the source charges in the circuit (which we
usually call the "potentializing charges") receive the additional potential energy from their ongoing altered vacuum
exchange - the latter interaction is not even modeled in conventional electrical engineering.
Let me introduce you to
who is a noted scientist working with the SEAS
Thursday, December 04, 2003 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 573, "chars": 3404, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 3 of 6
organization, directed by Dr. Steve Greer. Dr. Greer and SEAS have very powerful private influence, e.g. in the
Congress and in the U.S. government, as well as in civilian life and civilian industry, with individuals in strong
positions of power. It will take such influence and backing by persons in high political position, to get the units
onto the market safely and keep them there in spite of the Cabal. Their support will assure the "running blocking"
of the interference in all its many guises.
have the utmost respect and admiration for both
and Dr. Greer, and recommend them most highly as
the very best persons you can choose to trust. They are as fine as they come, and I would unhesitatingly trust
them with my life.
Due to my own serious health problems (and taking care of my wife 24/7 after her stroke of several months ago), I
am not in a sufficient physical situation to bring about the very strong support and high level interference-running
you need. However, Dr. Loder and Dr. Greer and their SEAS organization are quite able and ready to do it.
1 am therefore forwarding a copy of this E-mail to Dr. Loder, who will shortly be in touch with you via E-mail.
Let me strongly suggest you correspond with Dr. Loder, then forward him one of the MCUs, so his team can test
its pertormance results. Once the results are assured, Drs. Greer and Loder and the entire SEAS
organization can and will carry the ball, with very powerful "blocking" of any and all outside attempts to prevent its
successful and rapid worldwide marketing.
So I wish you the very best success and strongly urge you to take advantage of the SEAS capability to move the
nit directly onto the market, with your group building them etc. as you wish. As you know from my writings, I don'
are who gets it done first; the world absolutely must develop and use "cheap clean energy from the vacuum", o
else the environment and probably much of the human species are just going to go down the tube in the
economical and military problems that ensue in the coming "energy wars" otherwise.
-----Original Message-..--
From:
mailto:a
Sent: Wednesday, December 03, 2003 11:35 AM
To: S
Subject: Overunity device
Dear
For over a year now I have been a frequent reader of the articles in your web page, which I
have found excellent and well documented, something which I reckon is not the norm in a
field such as free energy, where the boundaries are not usually well defined between science
& technology on the one side and fantasy and wishful thinking on the other.
I have also read in a couple of your essays about your belief that you will probably not live
long enough to see the day when the concept of energy from the vacuum will be generally
accepted by industry and academia, as well as your dream that in the near future some low
cost piece of equipment, showing the extraction of energy from the vacuum, such as the
MEG or some other, could be manufactured in large amounts and sold via internet to
research labs, universities and the general public all around the world. I understand this has
not yet been carried out with the MEG because of some of its construction characteristics
which make difficult its mass production. But perhaps this dream may be closer than you
imagine.
We seem to have developed some time ago something which has a COP>1.0, but which
Thursday, December 04, 2003 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 706, "chars": 4120, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 4 of 6
does not seem to have as many difficulties in its construction and reproducibility as the
MEG. I am part of a team of physicists and engineers, living outside of the US, which have
been working now for nearly twenty years on the subject of extraction of energy from the
vacuum and, among other things, have developed recently a "demo kit" easy to build and
operate, and have thought of the possibility of making it more public. A few months ago I
emailed you a letter, asking for your points of view regarding the reasons why no COP>1
devices have ever made it to the market. I fully agree with your answers, and hold the same
concerns as you do.
The kit consists of a multiplying circuit unit (MCU) which, when connected to the normal
household power line (110 volts, 60 cycles) will output the same input current but will
double or triple the voltage. With a different circuit design it could also keep the voltage
fixed and double or triple the current, or a mixture of both. There is a small see-thru acrylic
contact pad, with several jacks where plugs from measuring devices (voltmeters,
multimeters, oscilloscopes, etc.) can be connected before and alter the MCU, in order to
measure the input and output currents and voltages, as well as two small electric motors
with propellers which can be connected to the contact pad either in series or in parallel. The
motors are of low cost, simple and easy to replace if damaged by the operator, of the kind
used to power fans in typical smoke extraction hoods built over stoves in household
kitchens. For illustration purposes, I am including a picture of one of these assembled kits
as an attachment to this letter. The actual MCU, however, would be larger than the one
shown in the picture. Its actual size would be about 6" long, by 4" wide, by 2" thick.
Multimeters shown in the picture would not be included in the kit.
The way this demo would be operated is by first connecting to the power line the circuit
with the fans, without the MCU and with the two motors connected in parallel, in order to
measure currents and voltages in a normal circuit, and if you wish you can also measure the
rpm's of the motors, although no measuring devices are included in the kit for such purpose,
since most interested parties would already own them, or be able to obtain them through
borrowing; same thing holds for a multimeter which could measure both AC voltage and
current. Once the readings of the normal circuit have been carried out, the MCU is
connected to the circuit and the fan motors placed in series (since the voltage will double or
triple) and, once the power is connected again, measurements are made one more time.
These new readings will show that the input and output currents are the same but the output
voltage is twice, or three times, the present input voltage at the MCU, and the rom's of the
fan motors are now the same in series as before when connected in parallel. In the picture,
from left to right, the readings in the multimeters are 151.2 mA, 121.7 V, 151.5 mA and 251
V. If you leave the fan motors connected for a while in parallel after you connect de MCU
to the circuit you run the risk of burning the motors.
The system could. be sold either as a whole kit, or only the MCU, or some other
combination in between. The price to the public for the whole kit would be of US$ 310.00,
while the MCU by itself would hold a price of US$ 225; in both cases shipping and
handling costs should be added. In the case of a distributor, the price to the distributor
would be of US$ 260.00 and US$ 175.00, respectively, plus shipping in bulk to the US.
Should you or any of your associates be interested in the possibility of distributing these
circuits and/or MCU's, our proposal would be to have us manufacture these MCU's, as well
as the contact pads and motors, and have you sell and/or distribute them in the US to all
those people interested in carrying out, by themselves, this amazing experiment of
extraction of energy from the vacuum. The main reasons we thought of you as a possible
Thursday, December 04, 2003 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 171, "chars": 1072, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 5 of 6
sales or distribution channel is because we consider you as holding a scientifically serious
mage, because you are in contact with most people seriously interested in the subject, an
ecause you have developed a business experience through your sales of books, CD's
posters on the subject which could proove very helpful.
You will probably discover that the MCU device is sealed and cannot be easily reproduced.
Any attempts by anybody to perform reverse engineering on it would automatically destroy
critical portions of the circuitry and turn such a task impossible.
It you consider this proposal as of possible interest to you and/or your associates, or have
other ideas or comments, especially regarding ways to avoid attacks from the High Cabal,
we would appreciate if you would share them with me. I would be happy to FedEx to you,
free of charge, one of these kits or MCU's, so that you could test it personally.
Best regards,
Al
Do you Yahool?
Protect your identity with Yahoo! Mail AddressGuard
Landarn
Thursday, December 04, 2003 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 7, "chars": 70, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
* te | Page 6 of 6

Thursday, December 04, 2003 CompuServe: DrSGreer
