{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T05:17:22Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 325098, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118834-overunity-device-tom-bearden.pdf", "source_sha256": "ade48d071ce6c26e819ab456f32d4279a9d99fe0aafe5b6bda5f2ade6310cc7c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 584, "chars": 3647, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
Al
Page 1 of2
Main Identity
From:
To:
Sent:
Thursday, December 04, 2005251T PM
RE__ Overunity device.eml
Subject: Fwd: Overunity davice,
| Dear Steve,
I just got the below message this afternoon from Introducing us to Al and perhaps opening up a dialogue. I
Will write Al and see if 1 can move things forward. Any thoughts before I do that? Please note the second half of
the letter.
Dear
Thanks for the kind words and the very kind offer. They are much appreciated.
Ive thought long and hard about the problem, and have come up with what I think is the best way for you to get
your systems onto the market in spite of the usual strong suppression efforts that arise, and in spite of any
attempted opposition by the High Cabal.
It is perfectly obvious that, if one separates the voltage (potential) from the current (say, via two channeis, one
where the electrons are "pinned" and cannot move as current), and then separately amplifies the voltage
channel alone, that amplified voltage is "for free" since that is simply asymmetrical regauging, and it is
guaranteed work-free by the gauge freedom principle. Of course, in the real world, it may cost a little for
switching etc., but the change of magnitude of the potential (and therefore collected potential energy) of a
system is basically free. The trick, of course, is how to then couple the amplified voltage flow back onto the
current flow in the main path, without also coupling it back across the main source dipole (external power
source) and increasing the current back through the back emf of the extemal source. Such coupling is almost
certainly possible, but of course the standard closed current loop circuit guarantees that it does not happen.
Any variation of that schema - essentially separating voltage from current, amplifying the voltage separately,
then recoupling it to the current without back coupling it to the external source -- accomplishes asymmetrical
regauging to change only the potential energy of the system. Without the back coupling, then dissipation of the
excess potential energy in the external load and not in the original source, is sufficient to yield genuine
COP>1.0, Energy conservation is not violated, since the actual collected potential energy in the external circuit
comes from the local altered vacuum potential via the source charges, not really from the external source. A
"flow of potential" onto a receiving circuit, which "potentializes the receiving circuit", actually changes the energy
density of the local vacuum potential in which the receiving circuit is embedded. Thus the source charges in the
circuit (which we usually call the "potentializing charges") receive the additional potential energy from their
ongoing altered vacuum exchange - the latter interaction is not even modeled in conventional electrical
engineering.
Let me introduce you to
who is a noted scientist working with the SEAS
organization, directed by Dr. Steve Greer. Dr. Greer and SEAS have very powerful private influence, e.g. in the
Congress and in the U.S. government, as well as in civilian life and civilian industry, with individuals in strong
positions of power. It will take such influence and backing by persons in high political position, to get the units
onto the market safely and keep them there in spite of the Cabal. Their support will assure the "running
blocking" of the interference in all its many guises.
I have the utmost respect and admiration for both
and Dr. Greer, and recommend them most highly
as the very best persons you can choose to trust. They are as fine as they come, and I would unhesitatingly
trust them with my life.
12/4/03

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1373, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 2
Due to my own serious health problems (and taking care of my wife 2477 after her stroke of several months
ago), I am not in a sufficient physical situation to bring about the very strong support and high level interference-
running you need. However, Dr. Loder and Dr. Greer and their SEAS organization are quite able and ready to
I am therefore forwarding a copy of this E-mail to Dr. Loder, who will shortly be in touch with you via E-mail.
Let me strongly suggest you correspond with Dr. Loder, then forward him one of the MCUs, so his team can test
its performance results. Once the results are assured, Drs. Greer and Loder and the entire SEAS
organization can and will carry the ball, with very powerful "blocking" of any and all outside attempts to prevent
its successful and rapid worldwide marketing.
So I wish you the very best success and strongly urge you to take advantage of the SEAS capability to move the
unit directly onto the market, with your group buliding them etc. as you wish. As you know from my writings, I
don't care who gets it done first; the world absolutely must develop and use "cheap clean energy from the
vacuum", or else the environment and probably much of the human species are just going to go down the tube
in the economical and military problems that ensue in the coming "energy wars" otherwise.
Very best wishes,
12/4/03
