{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T13:58:48Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 509106, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118822-excerpt-from-tom-s-forthcoming-book-tom-bearden.pdf", "source_sha256": "ab2befd8920eabd459b9faebd21d25a906a1b1ee61c281ba3ababb512b22b24c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2448, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj:
Date:
From:
To:
CC:
Excerpt from
forthcoming book
4/29/02 2:04:39 AM Eastem Daylight Time
(Steven M. Greer M.D.)
Hi Steve
Thought you might be interested in a copy of Tom Bearden's
Acknowledgements, which will appear in his forthcoming (later this year)
500 page book Energy from the Vacuum: Concepts and Principles, being
published by World Scientific.
FYI this expose holds nothing back about how to produce Free Energy (and
Anti-Gravity), and blows the lid off some free energy phenomenology that
has heretofore been close hold in black projects. The overunity aspects of
his Patented MEG (Motionless Electromagnetic Generator) have now,
incidentally, been replicated independently by several researchers, and the
theory has been published in Foundations of Physics Letters, a twice
refereed publication.
The book is aimed at the post-graduate and post-doc level, but is still
quite readable to the lay person.
Best to you and the family.
Acknowledgements
With deep appreciation | acknowledge the kind assistance and helpful
critiques off
and other members of the Alpha Foundation's
Institute for Advanced Study (AlAS) such as
and B
encouraged me to write down the basic concepts
of the theory of permissible COP>1.0 Maxwellian systems I have been
working on for three decades, and submit the effort to World
Scientific. This book is the result of that effort.
A special note of thanks goes to
of the Department of Energy,
who oversees a DoE restricted website provided for the important ongoing
scientific work and drafts of the AIAS. On that site, now there are more
than 100 AIAS papers, many of them dealing with EM energy from the vacuum
in very rigorous fashion. Many of these AlAS papers have now been
published in leading joumals such as Foundations of Physics Letters,
Physica Scripta, Optik, etc. This is an invaluable scientific effort that
clearly establishes the importance and potential for extracting copious EM
energy directly from the active vacuum. it also extends the present U(1)
electrodynamics to the much more extensive O(3) group symmetry
electrodynamics, in which such things as I discuss in this book can indeed
be accomplished and modeled.
Also, I dedicate this book to those lone researchers and stalwart inventors
who have succeeded in building working model COP>1.0 electrical systems in
the face of overwhelming odds and strong scientific opposition. We
Monday, April 29, 2002 Compuserve: EmllyGreer
Page: 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 478, "chars": 3207, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
particularly mention
There are quite a few others, of course, and no slight is
intended by not listing all their names.
Also, I particularly acknowledge the many contributions of my
long-suffering close colleagues
• whose efforts on the bench have produced the working
model motionless electromagnetic generator (MEG) experiments as well as
several variants. Our first MEG patent was issued in April 2002 and a
second patent application has been filed. The MEG represents the first
practical macroscopic application of the geometric phase (extended
Aharonov-Bohm effect) for EM power systems. I particularly thank Lt. Col
(Retired) Ken Moore for watching my back and keeping me alive. I'm alsc
grateful to both
. for their personal
support, action, and encouragement. I particularly acknowledge more than
two decades of close cooperation and work with
ho is one of
the most creative inventors on this planet; nearly a decade of work with
Floyd Sweet; more than a decade of work with Frank Golden; and a special
thanks to Don Jensen for his important contributions and work. Working
with these inventors, I was able to physically examine working COP>1.0
power system prototypes and also experience and study the novel
phenomenology that results in such systems.
The outstanding work and encouragement of
ind l
ms particularly recognized, and I am grateful to them for their
continued publication of important information and developments in cold
fusion and the entire field of anomalous energy systems. I am also
grateful to
or his cogent explanations of some tough
issues and points in quantum field theory that were beyond my ken before
his explanation.
introduced me to his cosmological
reedback mechanism, and i am grateful for his important work with his
colleagues in the areas of inertia, permissible thermodynamic extraction of
energy from the vacuum, and possible mechanisms of antigravity. A special
thanks goes to
and the engineers of Transdimensional
Technologies, Inc. for their courtesy and demonstrations of
Transdimensional's successful lifter and rotary devices, and for an
introduction to the field of inertial propulsion and antigravity now
ongoing under the NASA Breakthrough Propulsion Physics (BPP) research program.
To
I owe a very special thanks indeed for her tireless
efforts in reading and proofing the manuscript and in translating the
graphics. Also, I am much indebted to Michael Anderson for doing the
typesetting, and to Tony Craddock for making it possible. I am deeply
grateful to Tony for his unfailing encouragement and support, and for
operating and maintaining my website www.cheniere.org. I also deeply
appreciate the continued contributions of !
I of Network
Innovations, who furnishes the website pro bono. A special thanks also
goes to Dr. Steve Greer, who gave my wife and I great assistance and
personal uplift at a time of personal tragedy. Dr. Greer has also now
taken up the effort to develop and deploy practical electrical power
systems freely taking their EM energy from the vacuum.
To
I also am very grateful for his extraordinary
experimental work and extensive publication of valuable information, his
Monday, April 29,2002 Compuserve: EmilyGreer
Page: 2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 407, "chars": 2668, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
personal replication of a variety of systems, and his kind permission to
use several illustrations in the book. His important website,
http://jnaudin.free.fr, is a comucopia of information, experiments, and
results in this entire area, with important links to many other appropriate
websites.
Also, to more than 100 speclal persons including those now passed on such
ho encouraged and supported these
efforts through the years, I am very grateful. Your kind words and
friendship have made a very great difference to me personally, throughout
the years, and they still do.
Finally and most importantly, I acknowledge the continuing and unwavering
support of my dear wife
• without whose encouragement and tolerance
this work could never have been accomplished. She made all these long
years of seven-day weeks and 18-hour days possible and humanly
bearable. Without her, this book simply could not have been written.
ENDS
Hi Steve
Thought you might be interested in a copy of Tom Bearden'sAcknowledgements, which will appear in his forthcoming (later
this year)500 page book Energy from the Vacuum: Concepts andPrinciples, being published by World
Scientific.
FY! this expose holds nothing back about how to produce Free Energy (and Anti-Gravity), and blows the
lid off some free energy phenomenology that has heretofore been close hold in black projects.&nbsp; The
overunity aspects of his Patented MEG (Motioniess Electromagnetic Generator) have now, incidentally,
been replicated independently by several researchers, and the theory has been published in Foundations
of Physics Letters, atwice refereed publication.
The book is aimed at the post-graduate and post-doc level, but is stillquite readable to the lay person.
Best to you and the family.
< div align="center"> Acknowledgements
</div» With deep appreciation I&nbsp; acknowledge the kind assistance and helpful critiques of
and other members of the Alpha Foundation's Institute for Advanced Study (AIAS) such as!
Janbsp;
encouraged me to write down the basic
concepts of the theory&nbsp; of permissible COP&gt, 1.0 Maxwellian systems I have been working on for
three decades, and submit the effort to WorldScientific. &nbsp; This book is the result of that effort.
A special note of thanks goes
_of the Department of Energy, who oversees a DoE
restricted website provided for the important ongoing scientific work and drafts of the AIAS.&nbsp; On that
site, now there are more than 100 AlAS papers, many of them dealing with EM energy from the vacuum in
very rigorous fashion.&nbsp; Many of these AIAS papers have now been published in leading journals
Monday, April 29, 2002 CompuServe: EmülyGreer
Page: 3
