{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T16:26:40Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1707092, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118814-craddock-email-re-bearden-creating-an-inertial-field-antigravity-1-27-2000.pdf", "source_sha256": "5e49c6e8520a6b2a4dad694c22ffcb5c0d349d5599dd62a27e54ae043f00cdbc"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2337, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj:
Date:
From:
To:
CREATING AN INERTIAL FIELD (ANTIGRAVITY)
01/27/2000 9:31:06 PM Faster Standard Time
Note: the entire text together with diagram is at
CREATING AN INERTIAL FIELD (ANTIGRAVITY)
TOWARDS A NEW ELECTROMAGNETICS
PART 4: VECTORS AND MECHANISMS CLARIFIED
by Lt. Col
Copyright
(retd.), 1983
We now show schematically how to produce an inertial field, or antigravity.
Also an inertial space drive can be produced in this manner.
This again has been done in a North American laboratory. In fact, inertial
fields have been produced in more than one lab here in North America.
In the setup shown here, three translator/transmitter projectors are used
and oriented so as to give three-dimensional interference, or interference
along all three spatial axes.
By controlling the substructures of the three projectors all together, one
can control the precise phasing in all substructures, with respect to a
common time reference.
By this means, a unilateral force can be created of each and every charged
mass particle (that is, on each proton) in the nucleus.
Since we know that the neutrons and protons in a nucleus of an atom are
continually interchanging, one into the other, back and forth, all of the
nucleons can be treated as "diffuse protons" for mass purposes, and scalar
wave interaction purposes.
Thus if we have the correct pattern to affect protons, we can control the
phases of the substructure waves of the projectors so as to produce
unilateral, parallel forces on and of each spinning proton in the nucleus.
This means we can produce unilateral thrust in an object exposed to the
triad interference of the projectors.
In short, this produces antigravity. If sufficient force is produced, the
test object in the interference zone simply lifts itself off against earth
gravity. This has been done in North America.
If we phase the projectors so that counterbalancing forces are produced on
each proton, we can either make the proton "lighter" inertially or "heavier."
In fact, we could "freeze" a common pistol so that it could not be moved
and its trigger could not be pulled, simply by sufficiently increasing its
inertia. This was done in experimental demonstrations in Toronto, Canada in
1969, and witnessed by the Chief of the Homicide Squad of the Toronto
Friday, January 28, 2000 CompuServe: DrSGreer
Page: 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 324, "chars": 2068, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
police. It was his pistol that was frozen for the demonstration.
If the projectors themselves are on board a space capsule, for example,
they can produce such a unilateral thrust in and of a central mass or disc
attached to the of the craft. By this means, an inertial spacedrive can be
built.
END OF SLIDE 50
Regards
Web Administrator
CSETI
Note: the entire text together with diagram is at
CREATING AN INERTIAL FIELD (ANTIGRAVITY)
TOWARDS A NEW ELECTROMAGNETICS
PART 4: VECTORS AND MECHANISMS CLARIFIED
by Lt. Col.
Copyright
etd.), 1983
We now show schematically how to produce an inertial field, or antigravity. Also an inertial space drive can be produced in
thismanner.
This again has been done in a North American laboratory. In fact,inertial fields have been produced in more than one lab here
in NorthAmerica.
In the setup shown here, three translator/transmitter projectors are usedand oriented so as to give three-dimensional
interference, orinterference along all three spatial axes.
By controlling the substructures of the three projectors all together, one can control the precise phasing in all substructures,
with respect to a common time reference.
By this means, a unilateral force can be created of each and everycharged mass particle (that is. on each proton) in the
nucleus.
Since we know that the neutrons and protons in a nucleus of an atom are continually interchanging, one into the other, back
and forth, all of the nucleons can be treated as &quot; diffuse protons&quot; for mass purposes, and scalar wave interaction
purposes.
Thus if we have the correct pattern to affect protons, we can control the phases of the substructure waves of the projectors so
as to produce unilateral, parallel forces on and of each spinning proton in thenucleus.
This means we can produce unilateral thrust in an object exposed to thetriad interference of the projectors.
In short, this produces antigravity. If sufficient force is produced, the test object in the interference zone simply lifts itself off
Friday, January 28, 2000 CompuServe: DrSGreer
Page: 2
