{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T20:27:18Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1905078, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118802-lloyd-pye-the-starchild-project.pdf", "source_sha256": "8dde26f01c293606a4083d32a0ccfcff1e85986b7ce00471a45049238f7dce36"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 257, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AFR-16-99 02:05 FM
F.01
File bAt
•
steven,
Heres some info on that possible ET skult
The text is small- let me know it its
• illegible + 9 can enlarge + resend it -
Or go to
take a look. You can click on the skull?
protes to enlarge them in amazing detail.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 62, "chars": 589, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ee,

&
/
fR-1Lo-Fo OS°R6 Pi LTHDA WILLITTS P.o2

f .

*
é
- e * * * «4 ' .
, 3 . } t . ea ,
. ‘ 7-_ ar r ° ‘
< 4
. . a
° . aired rl ‘
+ » 2 oe
ws
*
.
~
{ .
~
- we
. «$
. ro - te “” wee ow . . ats . a . . o te F See
Prins (reste pages ate ord terse Siege fer guhged ari gator beards,
NTINVE .
di
« oe .
1 Pac ° . ‘ . .
~
.
—
~
“
yer ,. rf
‘
Sd
“ wpe
e
My
i
% ®
ry
¢ SS,
‘ m4
‘ . e
‘
’
*
¥
«
.
*?
JS
td
- a
~~
,
. "y
. 4
‘ 4
*~ .
\
‘ 4
‘,
a+ .
. «
, *
Vv
_
; ® dept. .
. . x whne § oy a @ ~*~
‘ . Pa . =
v-
, bt ge” a) i
é - .* Fm * 5
- ; oti Yee
7 ad |
“he e
. 2
‘
,
a”
. oe? * a?
wy
«4
ie

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 57, "chars": 426, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
R-16-99 38:07 FM LINDA WILLITIS
P.03
Ancient Wisdorn
Conlerence
Loyd Pyas
CONDESI, MOVY. 18, 1994
Mystery Skull Dsclosurel
Presse vill the crash Wildem Was Bite
FILDINGS TO DATE
Undated Preliminnry Analysis Benort
Discuvered Myslery Skull Antmation
ROTATIONAL ANIMATION FILES
Discovered Human Skull Animation
CLICK ON AN IMAGE BELOW FOR A ENLARGED VEIVS
CLICK ON AN IMAGE DÈLOWFOR COMPARED OBERVATIONS
ANALYSIS OF MAXILLA
"'y

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 576, "chars": 3499, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
{- 16-99
08:87 PM
P. 84,
The STARCHILD PROJECT Data Site
An Analysis Of Two Unique Skulls Of Uncertain Origin
Introduction:
preliminary analysis resulls. Much more testing neads 1o be performed.
Overview:
The story of how the two skulls were discovered is assumed to be true, although it cannot be verilled. As related, 50 to 70 years ago In a
primilive area south of Chihuahua, Mexico, a young gli (15 lo 18) defied a parental dictale and went exploring in an abandoned mine
shaft (or possibly a cave). At the botfor of the shalf she found a complete human skelelon lying on the surface. Sticking up out of the
ground beside it was a maiformed skeletal hand entwined in one arm of the human skeleton. She dug up the buried skeleton and found it
much smaller than the human skeleion, and it appeared to her to also be somewhat malformed. Unfonunately, she did not specify to any
greater degree what the body "malformations" might have baen.
The giri put the bones of both skeletons into a basket and took them to a place near her home, hiding them behind a large tree deçause
she did not want her parents to know she had found and taker them. A few days later a torrential rainstorm washed away all the bones
except the skulls, which she recovered and kept for the remainder of her life. Upon her death, the skulls were passed to an American,
who maintained possession for five years before passing them lo tha American couple now in control of them.
Nº;
Skull #1, (Mystory Skull):
This individual died at 3 to 5 years old, based on points of anatomical relerence such as the suluring of the skull bones. The so-called
"sott spot" had only recently filled in, making it 3 years plus, while a small piece of uppar palate assumed to be a delached part of the
skuil contains "baby leeth," which indicales less han 6 years of age. The face is missing from the upper bridge of the nose to the base of
the cranium, but the skull and both eye sackels are intact.
This skulls degree of humanity is at issue because saveraj aspecis of its morphology defy categorizing as congenital mattormation or
Inflicted deformity.
Skull #2, (Human Skull):
This is a human aduft skull lacking a lower jawbone but with upper dentition Infact. It Is assumed to be Amerindian because the back of
the skull shows a typical degree of flattening which results from being carried on & cradle board in infancy. Tooth wear indicales an age
Detween 20 and 30 years at lime of death, and a somewhat smallish size indicates a possible female.
Generai Parameters:
"ite
Bath skulls are approximately the same size, roughly 15 centimeters at their widest paints, 15 cm from front lo back; and 15 cm from top
ta bollom. This congruence in size is not exceplional because human brains grow explosively from birth to age six, reaching nearly adult i
• size at that point, while laces continue to grow through puberty. Despite having the same approximate brain volume, the design of the
skulls encasing those brains could not be more divergent.
The sul is a normal human in al respects. She has a slah brew just above the pya sockets, and a noicestle aeros the lorehand fi
"dent" just above the brow line that is typical of children strapped to a cradle board during infancy and early youth. This correlales fo the
duan enthall-sized area at the back of her head. The child, on the other hand, has a forehead minus any hint of a brow, which is
a ties thalever of being held against a cradle board by means of a strap across the forehead.".

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 899, "chars": 5512, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-16-99 05:08 PM
P.95
not sweep around in the occipital, they curve at a rechar shaip angle to accommodate a flattering of the occlpital that is both starling lo
behold and difficult to explain in physiological terma. This remarkable degree of fattening In the occlpital area may or may not be a direc!
cause of the greally expanded parletal areas.
Whun asked it any known pathology could cause such an unusual cranial formation, no expert could think of a Ilkely example. There
were no apparent signs of hydrocephaly (water on the brain), of acceleraled decrepitude (premature aging of children), or any other
disease that might plausibly cause such an aberration. The two anthropologists were certain that such a high degree of rear-skull
deformity could only have resulted from some version of the cranial binding practiced by primitive cultures around the world.
Such binding praclices inevitably require both front and back or side and side binding lo exert enough pressure to permanently deform
skull bones. This skull shows no sign at all of front binding, yet the rear area is more drasticaily deformed than any example seen in case
books. Furthermora, the surface of the flattened area is not exactly "flat." It has convolutions and nodules, and both to louch and lo vision
it is clear that no truly flat planes exist on the surface. This would indicate that same force other than binding (ie. a natural design) must
have caused its extersive deformalion.
Apart from its irregular surface, the deformity's area extends from well above the occipital bone, at the very apex of the crown, down lo
only a centimeter or two (depending on how the measurement Is taken) from Its connecting point with the spine. This incredible nearness
to the spine is wall beyond the depth of flattening achievable by normal skull binding. Indeed. it would seem impossible to achieve such a
depth of flattening by any application of external pressure. This apparent Impossiblity was explained by the anthropologists as due 10
some addillonai pathology" they could not resolly specify.
White the anthropologists' "head-binding" explanation is plausible enough to pound a very square peg into the round hole of conventional
thinking, it presupposes that the faltened occipital bone came first, forcing the parletals to expand outward as a resuit. But what if the
parietal bulges came first? What if the design of this particular skuil was such that the parietals flared out and made room for the brain
arts that would be contained in a typically rounded occipilal area? If this were the case, then the rear of the skull might be drawn forwar
and upward, perhaps evan to the drastic degree ouldanced in this skull, in order to keep the cranium balanced over its pivol point, thi
apinal column.
Whether the expanded parietais or the fattened occipital came first, the combination of the two affects has produced an utterly unique
"wedge-shaped" cranium that, despite its high degred of skew from the norm, seems to have supported a viable being to the age of four
or live.
were
Symmetry:
Another consistent problem faced by the experts was trying to explain the skull's high degree of overall symmetry. In every appect it
seems well put together, if not designed to look as it does, yet it is so far beyond the human norm that the axperts could only conclude it
had to result from some congenital pathology not yet seen or remembered by any of them. Usually such pathology will cause distinct
dilaleral asymmetry, along with other dislortions, so it is highty unusual that such a wildly aberrant cranium would nonetheless extibit
such slartling symmetry throughout.
The Face:
Though missing from the bridge of the nose down to the base of the skull, the face of the child can be projected as such. The piece of
delached maxilla and palate can be placed into the space where it seems to fit. which gives a clear sanse of how smali it is in relation to
the adult. What cannot be determined is whelher its ovetall size Is normally small, unusually small, or even unusually large for a child.
+ in.
. The Eyes:
Along with the skull's unexpected symmetry and the unprecedented fattening of its occipitai bone, the unusual nature of Its eye sockels
were most disconcerting to the experts. Like their well-developed brains, the eyes of infants and youngslers are nearly the size thay will
be in adulthood. Normal human eyes have a recessed conical shape with an oplic nerve canal at the inner rear quadrant of the cone. In
the adult skul the point of greatest eye depth is 5.0 centimeters, while in the child the point of grealest depth is only 3.0 centimeters. in
addition to extreme shallowness of the sockets, the oplic nerve canals are skewed downward and inward in a manner that makes normal
eyebali mobility highly unlikely and might have required that v/sual tracking be done by head movement rathet than aye movement.
One possibility is that such eyes were blind. Another is that they bulged out of their sockels (a common condition in certain thyrold
pathologies). The experts felt the eyes were far enough from nosmal to have been negatively impacied by whatever pathology had
caused the gross distension of the parietal areas and the distinctive flattening of the occipital area. However, the socksis themselves
appaar well-formed, so it seems equally possible that the eyes they contained saw quite well and may even have processed oplical input
• more efficiently because of the allared locations of the optie nerve caneis.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 628, "chars": 3970, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
R-16-99
08:09 PM
P.06
antains two so-called "baby testh," which indicates an age of less than six years at time of death. Fluoroscopic examination (a vide
ray) reveais permanent teeth impacted above the baby feeth. Everything about the baby leeth and the impacted permanent tea!
appears normal for a child aged four or five at time of death.
•
The Ears:
The Sinuses:
When the initial Suoroscopio examinatlon was carried out on both skulls, the doctors were amazed to discover the child had no vistole
sinus cavities, vestigial or otherwise. This caused considerable excitement on the parts of those who felt the child might be a human-alien
hybrid, because lack of sinuses seemed to be a definitive marker for non-Earth origins. However, subsequent consuitation with experts
revealed that lack of sinuses, while extremely rare, is not unknown among either humans or primates. So while this trail may yet turn out
to be significant in farms of human-allen hybridlzation, at this point it cannol be used In direct support of that theory.
The Foramen Magnum:
he foramen magnum is the hole at the base of the skull where the spinal cord connects wilh the brain, In a typical adult human this hol
; positioned slightly rear of center, with the dense aspects of the rear skull (the occipital area contalning the cerebellum) and the bral
tissue above it counterbalanced with the smaller forebraln and the typically sinus-filled front face area.
ecause of the exlreme widening and flattening of the child's rear skull, ils foramen magnum is now placed much nearer to a contra
olnt that is more equally balanced between the face and forebrain, and the rear brain areas. What cannot be determined is whether th
shift in f.m, location was required by the necessitleş of maintaining balance whlle walking (we can only assume the child could wark
normally), or was the f.m. location shifled in the process of widening and flattening the back of the head. It is a chicken-egg conundrum
that has no obvious answer at this point.
'.
Information Regarding Nocks:
In a typical human skuli, the neck attachments begin at the bump, in the middle of the occipital bone. This bump is called the occiput, and
from It the neck muscles, ligaments, and tendons sweep out in a well-defined semicircle that converges at the foramen magnum, the hole
In the skull thal connels It to the spinal column. The distance from occiput to foramen magnum averages from 5 to B centimeters. In the
anomalous skull, this pattern is completely altered and its size is drastically reduced, Instead of a curved semicircle of neck altachments
(here is only a shaliow, flaltened arc that extends from occiput to foramen at about 3 cantimeters, only half of a normal humanarsquo; 5.
This means the nack supporting the anomalous skull would be only about half as wide and half as thick as a normal human neck,
Perhaps coincidentally, such thin necks are consistently described as hallmarks, of certaln alien types (grays) and of alien-human hybrids
described by abductees.
Human-Allen Hybrids:
A growing body of testimony by abductees and contactees alleges that aliens (most often the so-called "grays") are conducting
experiments that produce hybrids between themselves and humans. Abductees and contactees who claim to have seen the results of
hese alleged unions consistently describe them as looking far more human than alien, but wilh outsized heads that bulge in the parietal
areas and contain eyes that appear larger and rounder than usual, with larger pupils. The same can be said for the thin neck mentioned
above.
The consistency of this testimony regarding hybrids is what gives the skull in question its strongest cachet of authenticity. It clearly
exhibils soveral of the physical characteristies described by abduclees and contaclees, particularly (he stark bulges in its parletal areas
, and the shallowness of its oye sockets, which may well have given its eyeballs apparent extra size and luminosity,

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 750, "chars": 4711, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
R-16-99
08 10
PM
9169894806
F.BT
more). This logend states that an a regular basis "Slar Beings" come down from the sky and Impregnate females in the Isolated villages
that populate the region. The women are allowed to carry the so-called "starchildren" to term, and then to raise them for a varied period of
•a fow to soveral yeara. Ultimalely, the Star Beings return to collact their progeny and remove them to the heavens. This legend forms the
basis of a slory that cartain human "sensitives" have been able to giean frem actual contact with the skull. These sensitives range from
clairvoyants to remote vlewers,
The Sensitives' Tale:
The feeling of the sensilives Is that the adult skeleton found by the girl was a female of child-bearing age. The child was hers. It was also'
an allen-human hybrid created by a union between the female and one of the Star Beings that occaslonally visited her area. Its age was
five or six, with Indeterminate sex that tended to glue off fomale energy, alther an outright fomale or a strongly feminine male.
The feeling is that the mother had been notifled that the Star Beings were returning to fake her child from her. She was panic-stricken
and filled with dread, what one remole viewer called "white-knuckle lime." She took her young child and fled her village, seeking refuge in
the hidden mine shaft. There, with great sadness but grim delermination, she kllled her chlid and buried it, leaving one of its hands out of
the ground to hold onto. Then she look a fatal dose of polson and laid down beside her chlld to die.
Obvlously, this scenario closely fits the story related by the Mexican woman who found the skelelons more than hall a century ago
lowever, It can be and will be argued that the scenarlo of the sensitives has been concocted to fit the story rather than the other way
around. But even if the sensitives had not been made aware of the details of the discovery before they did their work (and in some cases
(hey were not), theso objections would be raised. For those who choose to do so, If will always be easy lo denigrate or dismiss both the
-
Conclusion:
Because of the story behind the discovery of the skulls, and its chilling interpretation, there may be a tendency lo conclude It is
fundamentally true. This would be a mistake because there is simply not enough verifiable evidence to warrant across-the-board support.
However, it would be equally foolish to throw the baby out with the bath water (pun not Intended) because of the substantial amount of
viable evidence that seems to corroborale the story. Indeed, one can argue that it lacks only a smoking gun of undenlable proof.
Tho eloments in lts favor aro theso:
• The long-standing Starchild legend of the Chihuahua region of Mexico provides a plausible
rough unprovable) mechanism for how a highly deformed skull might have bee
lologically created rather than physically manipulaled by deliberale deformalion
• Such an immense degree of deformation across the entire occipital (rear) and parietal
side) areas of the skull simply could nol be created by deliberate means withou
oncomitant deformation being visible in the frontal (front) area, which is not eviden
• Natural deformations (so-called "birth defects"') across thei entire ocelpital and parletal
areas, while not entrely impossible, seem highly unlikely because of the remarkable
symmetry exhibited in all areas of the skull, including those effected by the deformations.
• The deformation extends from the crown area of a normal head to very near the . ..
connection of the skull with the spine, an area impossible to reach by mechanleal
means (any binding device) due to the thick neck muscles (oven In a young chlld)
that surround and support the skull-spine connection.
• All of the above argues eloquently for a "natural" Intarpretation of the skull's
ullerly unique design.
• The most "acceptable" natural interpretation would be congenital pathology across
the entire rear portion of the skull. Less acceptable but perhaps more plausible is
that it resulted from a human-allen hybridlzation in whleh a so-called "gray" type
brought lo the mating a skull shape widely known to be similar to the mystery skull.
3."
*, The purported age of the mystery skul! predates all modern descriptions of UFO'S,
"grays," or the starchildren that are alleged to be the result of human-alien hybridization.
In other words, the skull was in exlstence long before "unacceptable" theorles exlsted
to oxplaln Its oddities. Therefore, no one can legltimately argue that this Is a case of
designing a theory to fit eireumalancos.
- Modern talesiof human-allen hybridization, which are clearly predated by the skuil,
"4.
irai
!!
23 L
343-

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 709, "chars": 4543, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
16-99
88:10 PM
P.38
While testlmony about human-allen hybrids la fally unacceptabie to malnstream
science, there are enough threads of conaistency running through it to make it
dificult to dismise entirely.
• This, too, argues eloquenly for an "unacceptable" interpretation of the skull's
remarkable design.
The arguments againat a possible allen connection to the skull are fow but powertul:
• Pathology is the standard explanation for any human-like skull that doos not fit the "normal" mald.
• In the hands of establishment scientists, palhology car be made to cover virtually any doviation,
• In truth, a combination of extraordinary pathologloal disorders IS a possible explanation for the
many aberrations evident in the mystery skull.
In the absence of overwhelming evidence to the contrary, establishment science will contend
that the mysiery skul is a resuil of nothing mose than pathological defects.
• This opinion will always dominate any others because of the combined academic credentials
of those who will protess it.
n short, the mystery skull will always be suspect in the oyes of establishment science even though its highly unusual characteristics should demand ar
open-minded view toward it. There is no doubt it can be nothing more than a severely malformed human with a combination of deformities never
before seen by the specialists consulted. With equal cerlalnty it could indeed be the resull of a human-alien union. But at this point there is no
apparent way to definitively settle the issue.
Believe it if you want to, don't If you don't, However, be aware that a DNA lest is due in April, and that test might provide a final solution to the mystery.
Unfortunately, this too is not a certainly. The DNA test may well be able lo tell if the child was definltively human and nothing but human. It may also b
able to tell if there is any "stray" DNA floating around in its chromosomes. Howevar, it may not be able to do more than indicate further detailed testing
is appropriate. Perhaps none of these Issues will be seilled conclusively.
In the and, it may come down to each of us believing what we want to belleve about it.
:
Ultimate Disciosure:
Every effort will be made to make evidence avallable as It Is finalized, and in some cases perhaps before finalization if any trends appear
compelling. A firm deadlina for ultimate disclosure has been sel. This will occur during 'The Ancient Wisdom Conterence" In Cairo,
Egypl, from May 9, to May 18 of this year, 1099. Anyone attending the conference wlll witness a formal presentation of the skull ilself and
all the data that has been ganerated by the ressarch into it. This presentation will be made against the stunning backdrop provided by the
monuments of the Giza plateau the Sphinx and the Great Pyramids which wlll provide an evant of epie proportions. Even without the skull
prescriation, The Ancient Wisdom Conference will be one of the yea's best for those withing to acquite knowledge currenty considered
For information regarding the Ancient Wisdom Conference in Calso Egypt, May 9 - 18, 1999,
please visit: www.ancientwis.dom.net or cail
A Final Plea:
Inasmuch as the mystery skull could ultimalely prove lo be the most important artifact in human history, much more testing should be
done to prove or disprove its origins. All such testing and Investigative research is expensive, and in some cases exceedingly so, Costs
have already soared into the mulliple thousands of dollars, which has come direclly from the few researchers Involved at this point. Much
more will be needed to perform the wide array of tess and Investlgations necessary to provide definitive proof (if indeed definitive proof
will ever be possible).
Tests lo consider are: highly specific DNA comparisons between humans and possibly primates; endocranlal analysis of the mystary skull
to provide a glimpse of lls brain surface; Carbon 14 dating to establish its true age; a facial reconstruction to the extent that is possible:
highly detailed laser-scanned models for Individual scientists to examine; and research Into the goographle area where the skulls were
supposedly found, among many others.
Thier to eary his important, perabs wordhanging research le the length 1 aty wars i der to achile la to the cale in
ontributions, arrangements have been made for a non-proft Incoma channel, "The Starchild Project," Ihrough The Truth Seeke
Foundation of Sain Diego, California. If you can contribute anything at all to this polentialiy crucial cause, please send a tax-deductible
5

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 305, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
R-16-99
05:11
PM
16
p.09
Thank you from everyone at
For intermalion about Lloyd Pro and his book,
"Everything You Know Is Wrong-Bosk One Human Origina"
Planso viele
For information abou! Mark Besn and his macy experimerls.
Please visit
Copyright 1958. The STARCHILD PROJECT. All righta resorved
4-+7
"$=:

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 578, "chars": 3930, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
/R-16-93 08:12 PM
LINDA WILLITTS
amazon.com
BOOK
SEARCH
BOWSE.
SUBJECIS
BOOKI
BESTSELLERS
FYI
MUSIC | VIDEO
FEATURED IN
INL MEDIA
| GIFTS
AWARD
WINNERS.
¡AUCTIONS!
COMPUTERS'
& INILANET
Text Only
Emerging Viruses: AIDS and Ebola : Nature, Accident or Intentional?
by L
Welcome!
BOOKS
List Price: 520.85
Our Price: $20.97
You Save: $B.98 (30%)
Avallability: This tille usually ships within 2-3 days.
MOLE..
@amazon.com
Book Informatien
at a glanco
reviewe
customer comments
if you like this beek.
Kryword Search
Books
Gorl
Full search: Books, Music, or Video
P.10
| HELP
YOUR ACCOUNT
BUSINESS E:
INVESTING
Add to Shopping Cart
çyou can always remove it later)
Explore Amazon, com
Auctions!
• sure little pig! (ends in 1 days.
2203:411
• Puppy Lyra. -15% Block &
White Plush Pupps ends il 2
Lays, 02:36155).
• Framed MARY.
ENGEI DREI Erint
-Worrying: NEW :Lends in 1
Lays, 04: 18:25)
Hardcover - 544 pages Limited edition (July 1998)
Talrahodron; ISBN: 0929550127 : Dimentions (In inchas): 1.67 × 0.36 × 6 39
Amazon.com Sales Rank: 44
Ava. Cuntomer Roview: *****
- Numbor al Raviswa: 10
Write an online review and share your thoughts with other roaders!
Buy i Now With i-Clicksm
(you carr always cancel it later)
Ship fo: Linda Willitts
Change your 1. Click settines
Gift-Click! Send this with Just an
e-mail address.
We'll e-mail them in arrange delivery: Lette
more.
Send shis item 1o:
enter email
Customers who bought this book also bought:
• Virus Ground Zere: Stalking the Killer Viruses With the Centers
(Use the shopping cart if you have the
mailing addresss.)
for Disease Control; Edward Regis, Ed Rogis
Emerging Viruses: Stephen S. Morse(tiditor)
Ebola: A Documentary Novel ofits First Exploslon; William T. Closc
• Virus X: Tracking the New Killer Plagues Out of the Present and into the l'uture: Frank Ryar
Click here for more suagestlons...
Reviews
Booknews, Inc., June 1, 1996
Horowitz (public health aushor) prescnts thoroughly researched information in his exploration into the origins of
she Illy and Ebula viruses. His bias toward the theory that HIV was introduced into the general population by
vaccine experiments conducted in New York City and Africa, is apparent. He generalizes from this thesis that the
AIDS epidemic may have been deliborately deployed as a genocide tactic as part of the CIA foreign policy activity
in Central Africa. The volume is characteristic of a "conspiracy gonre," and as such presents its foets with an eye
toward a prodisposed conclusion, Annotation c. by Bunk News, Inc., l'ortland, Or.
Midwest Book Review
Mcalth professionals and those Involved in infectious disense rescarch will find Emerging Viruses starting;
Harvard roscarcher Horowitz's sludies gather evidence to conclude that AIDS and the Ebola viruses evolved during
cancer virus experiments in which monkeys werc infected with viral genes from other animals. Certain to spark
controversy, this provides quite a different vicw of virus mutations and evolution.
Customer Comments
Averago Guatomer Moulow: ***** Number of Revlows: 10
A reader from America, March 17, 1929*****
READ THIS BOOK! Your life may depend on it!
A reading of "Emerging Viruses" will make clear the thicat ue all face from a governnient with absolute power! If
also gives good reason to all the Military personnci who are now giving up long and successfil çareers, andior
risking Court Martial to stay in control of their own halth by rofusing the Antrax vaccine, as well as to the parents i
who are resisting the ilepatits B vaccine for their children. You will also be surprised at what Horowitz's rescaril
shows about the cancer epidemic sie now have. While some may try to say "this is paranoia", Dr. Horowitz shows
the "ficts" as documented by the Crcators of these deadly worpons! His research is thorough and he tackles the
tough questions hend on. This bunk is non-fiction and more freightening than fiction, A litele paranoia may well be

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 595, "chars": 3801, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 16-99
05:13 PM
F.11
our involvement in research that most of us have never even heard of. The most recent oxample of what Horowitz
claims is the military's experimentation with bilogical agents is in the afterward of Goliszek's "World Order,"
where page after page of declassified documents prove tha: Gulf War Illness may be linked to biologics we actually
sold to Trag. Emerging Viruses is must reading.
com Memphis, TN, Ortober 21, 1998 *****
AIDS: Man Made 10 Killintons
The creation and spread of AIDS is no accident Horowitz details the when, where, why, and who created and
infected thousands of Americans with the deadly AIDS virus. It's so shocking it's hard to believe. Oct your head
out of the sand and read this book. SI., Memphis
A reader from Valley Center, Kansas, US.4, August 1, 1998 *****
The most comprehensive book ever written on emerging viruses
I found this book to be the best book I have ever seen written on emerging viruses, the government and
government cover-up. Dr. Horowitz provides legitimate documentation to substantiate evcrything he writes nhout.
A most profound and revealing book! I could not put this book down from the timo 1 started rending it. I have now
read it three times.
A reader from japan, June 30, 1998 *****
This hook really makes you realize its all about MONEY!
I would recommend this book for. cycryone but especially for people who belico cycrything thai the medical
community tells us, This book also shows the reason of many Anicrican politicians and their support of population
control throughout the world by unethical means, Its a good read but very oncumented.
trom Canada, April 10, 1998 *****
T'm building a bomb shelter and storing food staples
It is shocking. Not too much shocks mic in this day and age, but Mr.Iiorowitz grabs you by the throat and slaps you
awake. Horowits reseurch is thorough and he tackles contrasting roscarch and opinions head on, not leaving any
doubt about the policies of the US military-medical-industrial complex to keep the power over many in the hands
of a few, Does this incude systemalically controlling and reducing World population (not just 3rd world, hut the
entire world) through the use of Biological Warfare tactics? There is always the nagging question of wither the
relcase of wasting discases i.e AIDS, Ebola were accidentally or intentionally introduced into the human
pupulation. What never crosses your mind however is wether or not they were introduced. Fither way these were
clearly man made viruses. This should he mandatory reading for everyone on the Pinner.
om Galnesville, Florida, January 7, 1998 *****
Lucid & clear look behind the scenes of WIIO's bucker of lies
Ditos to the other revicwers. I find it curiously amazing how "establishment media" poo-poo well incumented
"controversial info", then lum around and pust "theorles" without a trace of real backround. I'm reminded of
Winston Churchill "Everyone stunibles upon the truth at some point in our life, most of us pick nurselves up and
continue on as if nothing ever happened"
om Calgary, Canada, August 29, 1999 ****1
There is no escape - the truth is there for all to see
This book is, on inttlat reading, rather far fetched. However the reread profoundly hits home with truth running
throughout from start to finish. Reality set in when I realized how futile it is to think that i am in charge of my own
destiny. With a deep longing how I wish we could retur to the duys when Nature alone was In charge and the
suman animal stopped interfering !
Click hero for all 1l cuatomor comments...
Customers who bought titles by Leonard G. Horowitz also bought titles by these authors:
Look for similar books by subject:
Browse other Health, Minil & Body, Science & Nature titles.
DADS (Disease)
Biology
Ebola virus disease
.!
