{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T06:13:06Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 358398, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118863-atdg-advanced-propulsion-systems.pdf", "source_sha256": "453a1058776048493d2fa4f4c154fc105ae344210336d88f7a840e9f0b100fad"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 3115, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RE: ATPG'SADVANCED PROPULSION SYSTEMS, ENERGY
GENERATION SYSTEMS & ADVANCED SAUCER AEROSPACICRAFT
ATD is committed to the development and commercialization of readily achicvable and
economical Advanced Non-Linear Propulsion Systems for implementation in our
Advanced Saucer Aerospacecraft designs. ATDG's A'vanced Non-Linear Propulsion
Systems and Advanced Saucer Aerospacecraft are planned to be a safer and more cost-
effective replacement for current private and commarcial airline transportation methods,
i.e., jet and rocket engines, etc. Additionally, ATDG's Advanced Non-Linear Propulsion
Systems will revolutionize and revitalize the rocket and space cortunercialization industries
by making it possible to economically launch and retrieve satellites as well as research and
explore the other planets in our solar system. Just imagine the possibilities if one could go
to one of the other planets in our solar system as easily and economically as we now take
a flight to anotler country. What is most unique about ATDG's Advanced Non-Linear
"Propulsion Technology is that it is achievable with current marerials and design methods
and at costs which represent manifold savings over current manufacturing expenses. What
is probably the most unique and insightful aspect of ATDG's design theories and
principles is that they are totally based on and are in harmony with Nature and the
Environment. We realize that on the surface this sounds a bit flowery and unscientific but
the interpretation and implementations are completely systematic leading to poverful
thrust generation and motion characteristics (capabilitics) which are based on new and
advanced physics, and engineering design implementations.
Using the same scientific and natural principles as in the propulsion technology, ATDG is
also developing and commercializing very Advanced and unique Energy Generation
Systems. These systems generato electrical energy while revitalizing the environment at
the same time and they are also desigued to provide for the electrical energy requirements
of ATDG's saucers. ATDG's Energy Generation Systems ars scheduled to be a safe and
- econorically efficient alternative to hydro, fossil fuel and nuclear power stations.
Furthermore, our Energy Generation Systems can be scaled down and made available for
the individual consumer as well, such that the individual can provide power for their own
house, farm, ur region independent of the Power Grids ai a fraction of the cost while
improving the cuvironment at the same time. Tike all of ATDO's Technologies, the
Advanced Energy Generation Systems are based on advanced physics and
thermodynamics interprerations and Inplemontations of natural principles. The
implementation of our Advanced Systems do not involve the ucilization of exotic materials
or expensivo equipment, but rather the usage of readity available and inexpensive off-the-
shelf components and parts. This is accomplished through a thorough understanding of
the underlying scientific principles that this technology is based upon and the synergistic
merging of the best design processes.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 96, "chars": 798, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ATDG's Advanced Saucers are also very aesthetically designed and ATDG is currently
negotiating with the governent of Ukraine and with the O. Antonov Aviation Sciences
and Technology Complex in Kiev, Ukraine with regard to the hill development and world-
wide commercialization of ATDG's Advanced Saucer Acrospacecraft, etc.. ATDG
envisions that the saucers will become commercially available as we enter the new
Millennium.
For Further information please contact:
Mr. Karl H. Jungclaus, President
Ak Associates & Advanced Technology Development Group (ATDO)
889 Cheltenham Road
Santa Barbara, Calufomia. 93105
U.S.A.
TEL: (805) 682-8904
FAX: (805) 682-8904
--
• .
=
• The Advanced Tochnology Development Group, 889 Cheltenham Rosal, Santa Barbara Ca. 93109
TEL: (805) 682-8904, FAX: (805) 682-3504
