{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T08:36:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1276837, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118846-bearden-paper-on-the-priore-machine-and-phase-conjugation-scalar-em-to-cure-cancer-1988.pdf", "source_sha256": "5d35e63dc8f6cd22afb87907bab3e686627c73909676d512107b146c5df7ac8c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 371, "chars": 2508, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scalar
techinder
- Subj:
100% cancer cure suppressed in France (more from the scalar EM hall of shame).
Date: 01/28/2000 8:25:08 PM Eastern Standard Time
From:
To:
Excerpted from
AIDS - BIOLOGICAL WARFARE
by Lt. Col.
Copyright
(retd.), 1988
Complete text and photos can be seen at
http://www.cseti.org/bearden/aids/priore.htm
The Priore Machine and Phase Conjugation
In the 1960's and 1970's, in France
built and tested
electromagnetic healing machines of startling effectiveness.
In hundreds and hundreds of rigorous tests with laboratory animals,
Priore's machine cured a wide variety of the most difficult kinds of
terminal, fatal diseases known today.
Funded by the French government in the amount of several million dollars,
Priore's machines concretely demonstrated a nearly 100% cure of all kinds
of terminal cancers and leukemias, in thousands of rigorous laboratory
tests with animals. These results were shown to medical scientists as early
as 1960.Many of the experiments and tests were done by prestigious members
of the French
Academy of Sciences. Robert Courier, head of the Biology Section: and
Secretaire Perpetuel, personally introduced Priore's astounding results to
the French Academy.
The operation of the Priore machine was seemingly incomprehensible. Many
orthodox French scientists-some of them world renowned-were outraged at the
success of such a machine, shrilling that science had nothing to do with
"black boxes: "They loudly called upon the inventor to explain the
mechanism utilized by his machine, but the inventor either wouldn't or
couldnt explain the curative mechanism.
Priore certainly knew how to build the machine and make it work. It is
debatable to this day whether anyone-
Included —actually understood
its principle of operation. Neither the French Academy nor Antoine Priore
knew anything of phase conjugation at the time.
in fact, the entire Western World knew nothing of phase conjugation in the
1960's when Priore was getting his finest results. At that time, only the
Soviets knew of time-reversed waves.
Certainly Priore's machine was impressive.
Into a tube containing a plasma of mercury and neon gas, a pulsed 9.4
gigahertz wave modulated upon a carrier frequency of 17 megahertz was
inte present The aves us madned ted. Experimental animals ernes in
exposed to this magnetic field during irradiation, and the mixture of waves
(some 17 or so) coming from the plasma tube and modulating and riding the
Saturday, January 29, 2000 CompuServe: DrSGreor
Pago: 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 3002, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
magnetic field passed through the animals' bodies.
Amongst other things, a plasma can convert a transverse wave to a
longitudinal wave. Also, phase conjugate (time-reversed) waves can be
produced by plasmas. Priore's apparatus produced a scalar EM wave/signal
with deliberately constructed, infolded components including phase
conjugate waves.
[Photo]
One of Priore's intermediate devices. This device cured terminal cancers
and leukemias in thousands of laboratory animals.
(Courtesy
One may roughly view a cancer cell as a normal human cell gone "awry" and
out of control of the body's master cellular control system. The cancerous
cells, viewed as a sort of separate, parasitic group of cells, form a
special kind of organism having its own
master cellular control system "level," immersed in the host's biopotential.*
*One strongly points out the relevance of Dr. Robert Becker's epochal
experiments proving that cells can be dedifferentiated and redifferentiated
electrically. Those experiments are strong indicators that the cancer cell
should be capable of being reverted to its more primitive state-that of the
normal cell—by electromagnetic means. There is thus a specific, constant
electromagnetic "delta" that differentiates the parasitic cancerous
"organism" from the normal -human cellular organism.
This "delta" can be considered a sort of constant, complex-structured
charge existing in the body's atomic nuclei. It's exactly as if the body
biopotential had been charged up by Kaznacheyevs "death photons" for that
specific cancer condition.
If this cancerous "delta" (which may be rather like a complex
intermodulation mix of waves) or a frequency shitted "transform" ofit to a
different frequency band is phase conjugated, a specific healing delta
frequency pattem results.If phase conjugate replicas of a cancers cell's
specific "delta" frequencies are fed into the body having that cancer, the
deviation ofthe cancer cell's master cellular control system will be "time
reversed."
That will return the cancer cell to control of the animal's proper master
cellular control system. The cancerous cell will be immediately destroyed,
or reverted back to a normal cell of the animal.
A very similar process exists for just about every disease bacterium and
infectious agent that attacks the body.
Phase Conjugates of 'Death Photons" are "Healing Photons"
The Kaznacheyev experiments in the Soviet Union proved that any cellular
death and disease pattern can be induced by a specific electromagnetic
pattem carried on an electromagnetic signal, if the target cells are
bombarded with the pattern-carrying carier signals for a length of time.
What was not published of Kaznacheyevs work was the correspondent work
showing electromagnetic reversal of cellular death and disease conditions
by irradiating the diseased cell cultures by phase conjugate replicas of
the pattem-carrying induction signal.In simplified terms, if an action in
Saturday, January 29, 2000 Compusorve: DiSGreer
Pago: 2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 2797, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
forward time induces a condition, then the time-reversal of that action
will reverse the condition.
The concept is almost laughably simple. The time-reversal of an
electromagnetic disease process is a specific healing process for that
disease. In his device, Priore internally structured the carrier photons
themselves—-making them vacuum engines. He phase conjugated his vacuum
engines, and then passed these time-reversed vacuum engines down and
through a strong magnetic field which thoroughly penetrated all cells of
the biological organism being treated. The scalar components (structured
photons) representing the time-reversal of the disease were absorbed and
reradiated in all the cells, "charging up" the nuclei of the atoms in the
organism to some potential level of the exact "healing and reversing pattem."
In the process, the cancer/leukemia pattem/charge also destroyed the
cancer calls, or converted them back to normal cells as appropriate.
As a highly simplified analogy, the complex signal - viewed as a scalar
Fourier expansion - represented a "stress" against any abnormal cellular
control system encountered and feturned it to the nomal cell's master
cellular control system of the body.
Encountering the normal control system in normal cells, it produced zero
stress.
Encountering the abnormal control system in tumerous cells, it produced
great stress on it, reverting it to the normal control system of the body's
noimal cells.
Thus to a normal cell the Priore signal pattern acted somewhat as a comb
passing through one's hair.
No interference occurred with the normal cell one whose scalar control
pattem is phase-locked to the body's master cellular control system and in
phase with it).
The Priore signal stimulated and "stroked" the normal cell, but did not
hurt it at all.
On the other hand, the scalar control patter in and of an abnormal
(cancerous) cell is out of phase with the body's master cellular control
system, and is not phase-locked to it.
Hence the Priore signal caused direct interference with the abnormal cell's
independent scalar control system. The interference pattern constituted the
reconstruction of normal energy directly in the cancerous cell, and also
jammed its abnormal scalar life signal.
This destroyed the cancerous cell by two mechanisms: (1) physical energy
was kindled directly in the abnormal cell, causing direct mechanical
damage, and (2) the cancerous cell, being an "independent living critter,"
had its scalar life channel (connecting its primitive "mind" to its "body")
jammed and stopped.
If the cancerous cell was reverted to a normal cell by the Priore stress
before being destroyed, it became just a normal cell and the Priore stress
had no further effect upon it.
Saturday, January 29, 2000 CompuServe: DrsGroor
•
Pago: 3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 375, "chars": 2505, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
54557
The Effect is Universally Applicable
Any disease with cellular, biochemical, or genetic basis can be cured in
like fashion.
Priore's method, for example, was clearly shown to be able to completely
reverse clogging of the arteries with fatty deposits, and to be able to
lower the cholesterol level to normal, even in the presence of an
abnormally high cholesterol diet.
His method also showed complete mastery and cure of sleeping sickness and
trypanosome-induced illnesses.
Often Priore found that every cell of the body
—even the hair— must be
irradiated and treated (charged up") with the signal, for the disease
pattern was in every cell. The master cellular control system is
holographic-the pattem (substructured potential with its dynamic,
oscillating components) is in each component (each atomic nucleus, hence in
each cell.)Every structural level of the body larger than the cell also has
its own correlated pattem, or modulation, on the overall.A biological
organism can regenerate lost limbs, for example, if it can utilize its
natural recovery process in a Priore manner.
Even though Priore's work was presented to the French Academy of Sciences
by Robert Courier, the prestigious head of the Biology Section, the
Academy could not understand the device and its functioning.
That was because the Academicians knew nothing of scalar electromagnetics,
and phase conjugation, and the Prore machine was a scalar electromagnetic
device using phase conjugation.
in the Mid-70's It Ended
In 1974, a change of local government lost Priore his goverment
supporters. His support and funding were lost.
Ironically, Priore was just completing a 4 stories-tall apparatus capable
of radiating and treating entire human bodies. It would have been capable
of curing cancer and leukemia in humans rather than just in laboratory
rats. (His previous machines were much smaller, and only a small animal
could be irradiated whole-body. In that machine Priore used a "lamp," a
special section, in which 17 specific frequencies were mixed and modulated
upon the 9.4 gigahertz carrier.
[Photo
The large, special, phase conjugating plasma tube for Priore's giant
device. The final machine would have treated humans "whole-body."
(Courtesy Bob Whitney)
[Photo]
Capping assembly for the top of Priore's giant plasma tube device. The
last device would have treated human patients "whole-body." The cap
assembly was
on the third floor of the device.
(Courtesy
Saturday, January 28, 2000 CompuServe: DrsGraor
Pago: 4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2297, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The machine was large enough to irradiate humans over their whole body. It
should have been capable of curing cancer and leukemla in two five-minute
irradiations, one week apart. While Priore was still alive, with my
associates I spent nearly two years of my life in an effort to bring the
Priore device to market and into the mainstream of medical research and
development.
played the major role, going
To France and negotating directly with the Priore group and the French
government.
Verbal agreements with both the Priore group and with the French govemment
were obtained. The machines were to be built, assembled, and tested in
Bordeaux. Then they were to be dismantled and shipped to the
purchasers—-large medical research and development laboratories where they
would be reassembled on site.A group of wealthy backers was going to
provide the necessary millions to fund the effort. Final contracts were
being drawn.
Mysteriously, all funding for the project was suddenly withdrawn. Our
backers were "leaned on" very hard and strongly threatened. Nothing we
could do could revive the project.
Prore, never again recovered his funding, and later died. The machine fell
into disarray and was disassembled.
However, the proof that the requisite time-reversed signal can be produced,
and will ride down a magnetic field, to penetrate every cell and every
atomic nucleus in the body, is already in the present hard-core physics
literature, if one knows where to look and how to properly interpret the work.
The fact that such signals can reverse nearly every major cellular illness
condition of the body also has been proven by Priore and the scientists who
worked with him, and it is in the French scientific literature.
The Priore-type cure for AIDS and other diseases only requires the
necessary funding and personnel to be redeveloped and reestablished.
Note by T.E.B.: Antoine Priore is now dead. His machine has been
dismantled. The iron dogma and hatred of electromagnetic medicine by
bureaucratic science may have doomed hundreds of millions of humans - -
unnecessary detes. Ale, sain and a to cont, ad were not responsible
for the deaths of so many.
END
Regards
Web Administrator
CSETI
<http://www.cseti.org>http://www.cseti.org
Saturday, January 29, 2000 CompuServe: DrsGreor
Page: 5
1

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 5, "chars": 56, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Saturday, Januaiy 29, 2000 Compuserve: DrsOrcer
Page: 6
