{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-14T16:53:17Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7090875, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118852-ethanol-could-leave-the-world-hungry-tom-bearden.pdf", "source_sha256": "a0fbaf3edc4b0a5c2c5c46e487b6416c27d52a3d950fa387e2996fec1ff5c37d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 472, "chars": 3009, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 3
Subj:
Date:
From:
To:
CC:
RE: Ethanol could leave the world hungry
8/17/2006 1:21:14 PM Eastern Daylight Time
Received from Internet: click here for more information
To List.
From!
Sent: Wednesday, August 16, 2006 10:47 PM
To: Correspondents
Subject: RE: Ethanol could leave the world hungry
Thanks XXX!
Ethanol has one other severe disadvantage: When consumed it produces only about 23% more energy than went
into making it. Bummer! One barely breaks even.
Biodiesel (from soy beans) produces an excess of some 93% or so more energy when consumed, than the energy
that went into making it.
Both of those are still very much below the "energy produced for energy input into getting it" normal oil etc.
Meanwhile, solar power has an unexpected new development. See Herb Brody, "Two for the price of one," in
NewScientist, 27 May 2006, p. 44-47. Klimov, a physicist at Los Alamos National Laboratory, has broken through
the "single electron of electricity for each photon input" barrier in the solar cell arena. He is getting two electrons of
electricity for each photon input, a remarkable advance. Quoting:
"He has shown that by shrinking the elements of a solar cell down to a few nanometres, or millionths of a millimetre,
each captured photon can be made to generate not one, but two or even more charge carriers."
The achievement has been experimentally replicated by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL). Once
this new laboratory effect is harnessed - which may of course take some labor! - solar power could be made much
more efficient and economical.
It's interesting to look at the theory involved, and where the "older" theory had to change.
An "exciton" is a paired electron and "hole". Solar cells work by production and use of excitons. Presently, one
photon input in the proper light frequency range can give only one exciton. Now, it can be made to give two excitons
- hence the two electrons that emerge instead of one.
(As an aside, note that a Dirac hole vacated by the electron normally filling it, is a negative mass-energy electron,
which as a source charge produces negative energy EM fields. Such holes, produced particularly by strong gradient
processes inside stars, suns, planets, etc., is what the astrophysicists are searching for as "dark matter". Their
negative energy EM fields are what the astrophysicists are searching for as "dark energy". So it appears that Klimov
has reached the evoking and use of dark matter and dark energy in his experiments, at least in this researcher's
opinion.)
In his latest experiments
reports having produced as many as 7 excitons per photon (in crystals of lead
selenide 4 to 8 nanometers in diameter, as reported in Nano Letters, Vol. 6, p. 424.) The implications of this new
area are that the crystals are cheap and easy to grow, and of course their "yield" is very much increased.
So hopefully we may be seeing the beginning of a real revolution in solar cell technology.
Thursday, August 17, 2006 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 987, "chars": 6685, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 ot
Klimov accents very strongly that he is still bound by conservation of energy. But how the multiple excitons are
produced are still a mystery. When an energetic photon strikes the material, the electron jumps to a super-excited
alls a "virtual" state, in which it (the electron) has actually gained more energy than was carried by
the input observable photon. In short, it is as if the electron absorbed both the observable photon and - say - a
virtual photon simultaneously or in very short succession. Such contradiction (absorbing more energy than is usually
accounted in the input energy) is permissible in the virtual state, since it lasts for such a brief time. According to
Klimov, the hyperexcited electron will transfer some of its (excess) energy to another, unexcited electron, essentially
by bumping into it, but evoking more super-excitation. The result is two energized electrons from a single input
Our comment: It's as if virtual energy of the virtual state vacuum has been coherently integrated to the next quantal
level of excitation, thus producing "energy from the vacuum". This is not mystical, since in modern physics a charge
such as an electron polarizes its surrounding virtual state vacuum, and even with a single charge (classical sense)
two infinite charges with a finite difference are involved, with each infinite charge also having infinite energy. This is
definitely not the standard theoretical assumption in a normal solar cell's activity! But any classically "isolated"
charge is actually a part of a dipolarity due to its vacuum polarization of the virtual state vacuum surrounding it. The
successful prediction of broken symmetry - including the broken symmetry of opposite charges and therefore of
any dipolarity - caused a very rapid award of the Nobel Prize to Lee and Yang in 1957. And as Lee pointed out, in a
broken symmetry "something virtual has become observable". Lee even included a chapter in his book, dealing with
the possibility of directly engineering the vacuum itself. It appears that every source charge (because of its
polarization of the vacuum and thus the broken symmetry of its ensemble) does precisely that, since it continually
emits real observable photons, without any observable energy input. Either every charge in the universe already
violates conservation of energy and steadily creates real EM energy out of nothing at all, or else it coherently
absorbs and integrates virtual energy from its vacuum interactivity, thus conserving energy between virtual state
and observable state. In short, every charge already either kills the conservation of energy law, or extends it to allow
virtual energy to be absorbed from the vacuum and integrated coherently into observable energy.
Our further comment: Klimov has very probably discovered a way of partially utilizing our proposed ongoing "energy
from the vacuum" mechanism used by a charge in emitting observable photons out of an input of virtual state
photons. He also has reduced the size of the solar crystals dramatically, thus increasing the energy density of the
local smaller regions of space involved. So he is using a situation with greater curvature and torsion of spacetime
itself. In that case, excess energy (e.g., in the virtual state) can be absorbed from the huge but unaccounted
Heaviside energy flow component accompanying every Poynting energy flow. Lorentz arbitrarily discarded that huge
curled component of energy flow in 1892, and our electrodynamicists are still using Lorentz's little trick to dispose of
it today. But the Heaviside (usually non-diverged) component always is present and accompanying the well-known
diverged Poynting energy flow component. Even though our physicists and electrodynamicists no longer realize the
presence and availability of the odd but extraordinarily large Heaviside curled energy flow component.
In other words, Klimov's "hyperexcited electron - having and actually receiving and absorbing more excitation
energy than was in the incident observable photon's observable energy - has absorbed not only the observable
photon but some additional virtual photons from the seething vacuum as well. When this hyperexcited electron
bumps into another in such close quarters, apparently it can "meet" the second electron with the original photon
energy plus this additional virtual state energy, further hyperexciting the second electron, which also receives
additional virtual photon energy in addition to the first electron's hyperexcited energy. The overall effect is then
sufficient to yield a second electron lifted from the Dirac sea. Hence the production of two electrons from one
observable photon of primary absorption (initiating the process).
With sufficient electron collisions in some critical length of space, the curvature (and its severe oscillation) is
sufficient so that additional EM energy from the usually neglected Heaviside component is received. Then the
production of 7 electrons from one incident observable photon becomes understandable. The process also obeys
conservation of energy, but only if one extends the conservation law to include conservation between virtual state
vacuum energy and observable energy derived directly from it, and only if one reaccounts the huge, presently
neglected Heaviside energy flow component accompanying every accounted Poynting energy flow component.
If our comments are correct, then this is the second known process in physics that is able to extract excess EM
energy from the long-neglected giant Heaviside curled energy flow component that accompanies every present
Poynting energy flow component, unknown to the present experimenters. The other process is the negative
resonance absorption of the medium (NRAM) process, proven in optical physics since 1967, which produces
(optimized) a COP = 18.
E.g., the title of one main paper by Craig Bohren in the field of negative resonance absorption of the medium, is
''''How can a particle absorb more than the light incident on it?" American Journal of Physics, 51(4), Apr. 1983, p
323-327. Under nonlinear conditions, a particle can absorb more energy than is in the light incident on it. Metallic
particles at ultraviolet frequencies are one class of such particles and insulating particles at infrared frequencies are
another. For replication of Bohren's results, in the same AJP issue see also H. Paul and R. Fischer, {Comment on
"How can a particle absorb more than the light incident on it?')," Am. J. Phys., 51(4), Apr. 1983, p. 327).
The Bohen experiment is repeatable and produces COP = 18, when only the Poynting energy flow component
Thursday, August 17, 2006 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 442, "chars": 2851, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 3 ot
is accounted (that is the normal incomplete procedure). That is, it produces 18 times the accounted input Poynting
energy, when the absorbing charged particles of the medium are in self-resonance at the frequency of the input
Poynting energy. What the NRAM experimenters do not know is that they also have input a giant Heaviside curled
(usually nondivergent) energy flow component that Lorentz arbitrarily discarded circa 1900, and that CEM/EE still
arbitrarily discards. So they actually input a billion or more times as much EM energy as they and everyone else
assumed they did, and the periodic, synchronized self-oscillation of the receiving charges was enough to curve local
spacetime sufficiently to diverge a bit of that Heaviside component as an additional Poynting (diverged) component.
Standard vector analysis, where the divergence of the curl is zero, applies only in a flat or reasonably flat spacetime.
Curve spacetime locally, or introduce a synchronized oscillating spin component to it as NRAM does, and the
divergence of the curl can be nonzero in that region, if things are synchronized properly. In the NRAM field,
self-resonance provides that "proper synchronization" and also the proper curvature of spacetime.
As you know, Ken and I obtained aPPA on adapting that NRAM process to drastically reduce the fuel
consumption of most of our present big electric power plants, then placed the PPA on the website and freely gave it
away to the public domain. It is Kenneth D. Moore and Thomas E. Bearden, "Increasing the Coefficient of
Performance of Electromagnetic Power Systems by Extracting and Using Excess EM Energy from the Heaviside
Energy Flow Component," PPA filed in October, 2005. The PPA is available for free download at
http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/PPA%20Increasing%20COP%20by%20addnl%20extractn%20fro
In that PPA, we showed how to apply the NRAM process to the steam boilers of present electric power plants, as
a "heat amplification" process. Since the fuel burned is to provide the input heat, then if the heat is amplified by
COP = 4.0, the fuel consumed can be reduced by three-quarters, while maintaining the same heat and steam in the
boilers and thus maintaining the same supply of electric power to the grid. We also show how to make the power
plant "self-powering" as a permissible nonequilibrium steady state (NESS) system, receiving all its necessary heat
input from the active vacuum environment, and thus needing no further consumption of fuel once "close-looping" for
self-powering is switched in.
We are fervently hoping that our scientific community will sit up and take notice, and that this NRAM process -
already proven in physics - will be applied and developed for use in energy systems, to dramatically reduce our
dependence on fuel.
Thursday, August 17, 2006
CompuServe: DrSGreer
