{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T22:48:17Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 62, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3213937, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118896-the-moray-energy-device-by-rodney-sego.pdf", "source_sha256": "bb61c156553938a99c5f9a33dcc97abf9a1c81d5b0a8b54aa7050177adf20d92"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 320, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE MORAT EHERGY DEVICE--
ITS WORKINGS
by
Rodney Sego
•
•**CONTAINING: 1997 Update
Corrections
Clarifications
Comments
New Insights
Legibility
•
**Never Before Published
(An Improved Version of the 1981 Pirated Paper)
Copyright 1997
Salt Lake City, Utah
Published by AZTEC PUBLISHING
http://aztecpub.com
Nevab
@
ter, ne

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 71, "chars": 580, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A 1982 Update
A 1997 Update
and Clarification
A General Description of the Machine
The Parts of the Machine
The Detector
The Source of Energy
..
How the Machine Works Generally
conclusion.................
other Atmospheric and Assorted Energy Devices
A Previous Paper on the Moray Device
Things Known About Moray's Device
Recap Of Moray's Reasoning
Things Probably True About Moray's Device
What Approachs To Take In Experimenting
1
......
-••••
...
•••* • •
• • • • •
...
3
7
".
16
28
36
39
39
41
COPYRIGHT 1997-by Rodney Sego
AZTEC PUBLISHING
www.aztecpub.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 489, "chars": 2964, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1982 UPDATE
Toward the first of December 1981, and again on February 4,
1982, I visited a close relative of I. H. Moray at his home in Salt
Lake
City where he reported to me he had seen, both assembled and
disassembled, and had played with Moray's energy devices. He said
he saw the
very earliest one right up to the most advanced, at
least up until 1937. He strongly discounts, perhaps mistakenly! the
use of any exotic materials in the construction of Moray's devices,
saying "I saw the machine,
and there were only a few simple parts
to it." (The machine
he was referring to was probably the 1928 or
1929 version.) He said he saw the first of Moray's machines, from
the one
which dimly lit one 100-watt bulb to the one
which only
required
small
discharge
energetically rubbed
electrophorus to start it, and which lit 40 bulbs or so.
Moray's relative (C. T.) said he told Moray "the machine would
make the best burglar alarm in the world, " because on an occasion
when the relative came within 6 or 7 feet ot it, during the time
Moray left the room,
it turned off, making at
the same time a
"hard-to-describe click."
of common electrical
components of that day,
and he said he believed the principle of
operation was "simple." He described the light bulbs as giving off
a different, brighter hue of light than normal, a light that had a
"yellowish tint" to it. When he went to touch the light bulbs, he
found they were cold, but Moray cautioned him not to handle them,
because one spot on
each, on the side toward the top, but
center, " about the size of a dime, was hot. The relative could not
explain why the machine did not turn off when Moray was close to
The relative said the 1937 machine could be started in several
ways: "By turning the dials" (tuning dials) it would start, but the
quickest way to prime the machine to "start the siphoning"
was when
Moray Iubbed two "electrophorus discs together," generating static
electricity, which, when touched to the machine, caused some 48
bulbs to light up "brilliantly." "Moray," he explained, "said there
was a sea of energy around the earth,"
" and all that was necessary
He explained he was present at the time Moray's large, 80-foot
antenna poles were erected.
believes
the
antenna
was an
insulated wire about a quarter inch in diameter. He said a larger,
inch-thick wire was tried, but without improvement, so Moray took
it down. The poles themselves posed a danger; they were very tall,.
so they were taken down, too, eventually. The machine, later on,
would work in a room without an outside antenna, anyway.
This relative referred me to yet another witness of the machine.
I interviewed the man, born in 1917, who In 1929 Or 1930 was in a
boy scout troop of which Moray was scoutmaster. The 6 to 10 scouts
thought Moray was "a great guy." This friend of the relative, also
a member of the same church congregation, a couple of times
went
into the "well-stocked laboratory" of
Moray, where they saw a
1

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 505, "chars": 2893, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7
confusing array of glassware, a delicate set of scales, bottles of
chemicals, all of which appeared to them to be "very complex and
expensive."
Moray invited the troop over to his laboratory one night for a
demonstration of his energy device. He had the machine, about the
size of an apple box, was set up in the middle of the room. while
Moray worked on the
machine, the
scouts milled around the room.
Presently Moray called them
over, and had them stand in a circle
holding hands. He then directed them to break hands, but hold their
hands within a few inches of their neighbor's. He
then asked for
the lights to be extinguished.
when the lights were out, they could see long sparks (corona
discharge) streaming ofi the fingers of everyone in the circle, but
the boys could not feel the sparks.
In fact, it was not until
the
lights were out that the sparks could even be seen. The boys then
walked around the room drawing sparks out of metal objects. When
they reached for the doornob, two- to three-inch sparks jumped out
at them, but again, they could not feel the sparks. "Moray only
cautioned them not to touch each others' eyes, probably not knowing
the consequences of so doing."
The boys thought the experiment "was kind of neat." Moray told
them he took "electricity out of,
the air." He also
said he
energy."
This eyewitness
glow in the dark. He said it used thin wire. The antenna leading to
nega faid the machine had no drout
oI could pull electricity out of
could "get energy without expending
• said the machine had no dial and did not
it was hung from white or brown ceramic insulators, was at least
150 feet long, and the two poles outside Irom whict
it hung stood
"way over everything else in the neighborhood"--trees, buildings,
light poles, and such.
The scout witness confessed he was only a boy at the time, and
was did not fully understand what he saw. But what he observed that
night reminded him of experiences later on,
when he and a cousin
obtained light by attaching
a globe to their clothesline, while
they lived near a radio station.
After the demonstration in the lab that night, the scout told
his parents about the sparks, but his parents thought he was lying.
Neighbors, however, living several hundred feet from the laboratory
around claimed they, too, saw sparks jump out at them from
their doornobs that night, and
(Much the same thing happened in the case of the Rumkorpf Coil.
Nikola Tesla, too, experienced similar phenomena at his colorado
Springs laboratory.)
This sane witness stood
on the street with Moray on another
occasion, while Moray showed him a matchbox-size box with two dials
on it. Moray aimed it at a couple of fellows talking to each other
about a block away, and their voices could be heard out of the box
in his hand.
There were
wires
coming out of
it, and Moray
further explained he could not isolate very well what he wanted to
2

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 434, "chars": 2669, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
pick up.
In passing, this witness stated that Moray did not seem to work
anywhere
but in
his lab. However, he always had a couple of big,
new cars parked in his driveway. He said it was rumored he worked
for General Electric Company.
(This and other witnesses stated that shortly after this
demonstration, Moray ran afoul
of the Church of Jesus christ of
Latter-day Saints, and ceased to permit anyone into his laboratory,
but kept it locked up. His activity became even more secretive than
it had been, although up to that time he had been open with nobody
about his experiments.)
Moray spoke in riddles to all who sought to understand his
machine. His book, SEA OF ENERGY IN WHICH THE EARTH FLOATS (Fourth
Edition), is a combination of facile reasoning, general knowledge
Of little specific value, ethereal metaphysics,
and copies of
quotes
from
other authors, such as LeBon and Rutherford. Only
lightly and in the most obscure and guarded manner does he touch
upon his actual experiments.
1997 UPDATE AND CLARIFICATION
This author, beginning in 1974, began looking for a way to
obtain inexpensive electric power for remote land located in Rush
valley,
Utah. I heard of the work of I. H. Moray who had died a
short
time before. And
I
eventually interviewed a few people who
knew him, including two of his relatives. I obtained, also, by loan
a book owned by a man by the last name of Scott who, soon after I
returned it,
moved to Arizona.
claimed to have been ordained to some religious office by him.
Roger Thomas who claimed to be an oil explorer most likely was the
first to tell me about Moray. Thomas ended up cheating me out of
several thousand dollars I could not afford to lose.
I was intrigued by the idea that energy could be obtained from
the atmosphere, and, in my poverty, spent time studying up on all
the areas of electricity and physics I figured I needed to know ir
order to re-discover what the underlying principles of the device
were. I placed great weight on eyewitness reports, since Moray's
cryptic descriptions amounted to misinformation,
"garbage," as a
physicist friend of mine termed it. That Moray had a machine was
certain, but what made it work was a mystery I set about to unlock.
I received help from others interested in the device, but those
with superstitions concerning it were not helpful. I was interested
only in cold science. I conferred with engineers,
technicians, and
physicists as the opportunity and need arose, and benefited
from
their
papers
subjects related
• to free
energy
acquisition.
DI: Harvey Fletcher deserves special mention here. The file he
compiled was an enormously helpful resource, and
served to get to

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 464, "chars": 2848, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the truth about Moray's device. I personally interviewed him in
1979 at his home. He answered my questions, although many
years before, he had grown weary of iquiries about Moray's device,
so much so that he threatened to charge inquirers for his time. It
was at that time he told me about the file he kept, and for a long
time, I was the only person who knew of its existence.
DI. Fletcher was famous for developing stereophonic sound.
While doing graduate studies, he worked under Robert A. Millikan,
supposed
discoverer
of the charge on an electron. Fletcher
explained that he actually set up the experiment to measure the
election charge, using first water, then oil to make it work.
Millikan had promised to co-publish the finding with Fletcher, but
went back on his word to publish the news for himself, and to
the Nobel Prize of 1923 and other lasting fame.
Harvey Fletcher explained he had made arrangements for Moray to
go with him to Bell Laboratories in New Jork to develop the energy
device, but rather than come himself on the appointed day, Moray
sent another man who introduced himself as "The Captain" to tell
Fletcher that Moray was not coning.
The machine would alnost
certainly have been
developed for the use of all, had Moray kept
his appointment with Fletcher.
I had done my homework, so I could speak knowledgeably about the
device,
discuss
various parts.
exasperated, DI. Fletcher repeated what he had no doubt said many
times before: "The
machine had
common components, except for a
little part he [Moray]
(The following paper contains more of that conversation.)-seepabl
Fletcher was somewhat surprised when, after I. H. Moray's death,
a group or delegation of Moray's
: family members came to him
to
inquire of him whether, he, Fletcher, had any ideas how the machine
worked:
From this information, I deduced nobody actually knew how
the machine worked. I had my work before me, since my background
was
English instruction, but I
myself
the
rudiments of chemistry, electricity, and physics, particularly
nuclear physics, in order to attack the problem.
Apparently, Moray trusted no one, not even his own family, with
what knowledge he had. His energy device was his source of carnal
satisfaction. It was his religion. He loved to have people from far
and wide inguire after him concerning the machine. He feasted on
their awe-filled adoration, and sent them away empty handed. Many
repected people called him "Doctor Moray, " but he was no doctor. He
was a pretender. He had no college degree at all.
I spent about five years, on and off, doing research on many
subjects I believed
related to the operation of the machine. I
figured that if I could at least narrow the field of inquiry, a
more knowledgeable person would
understand what principles were
being used. I did not know where to find such a person, since all
4

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 2669, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
degreed professors I knew categorized the device as a "perpetual
motion machine." One did promise, however, to make one press for
me, using a powerful tetrahedral press at the local university. I
never got around to it, though, because, while I had all the other
to
bears.
In the late 1980s, I met in Salt Lake City, during the course of
my free enterprising, a former (and sometimes current) CIA agent
(P. P.), who knew a great deal about "free energy" devices. He was
easily conversant about Moray's and Lester Hendershot's devices. He
told me, in fact, that he had "an unlimited budget" to investigate
reports
of such contrivances. He said he had worked two and three
days
a week,
several hours
a day, in Hendershot's home, for a
couple of years, and had thousands
of pages of documentation about
Hendershot's machine stored in Nevada. He attributed Hendershot's
success to psychic phenomena.
Concerning Moray, he said he had gone up to the canyon, Bingham
Canyon, outside Salt Lake City, I believe, and had excavated deep
into the ground at the spot where one of Moray's demonstrations was
held. He claimed he unearthed a huge, copper wire wound coil, and
regretted not taking it with him, "just for the copper,"
as it
weighed maybe "a thousand pounds." He also said he had followed a
wire from the coil to a fence line, then along the fence line for
miles, unearthing the wire from its shallow burial of about ten
inches. He claimed he had learned that Moray had hired the BYU
football team over a summer to dig the trench to bury the wire. He
most likely did not
explain to his workers the purpose of their
effort. The implication here is that power applied to the coil
furnished
the
energy to
activate
Moray's fraudulent device,
seemingly in the middle of nowhere. I tended to believe the agent,
and told
several people so, but I did not give
up on
experiments with other free
may
energy devices, especially those
involving permanent magnets.
That was my attitude until late June or early August of 1996,
when I received "out of the blue" a telephone call from, first, Jim
I., then Steve H., and John M. I told these capable researchers my
attitude, but they, presented
me with information to cause me
reconsider my position.
Besides, I had always believed I had
correctly dissected Moray's detector. These men had gotten copies
of a report I wrote in 1981, which had gotten piratea, and spreac
literally all over the world. Only ior critique purposes, I had
made no more than four copies to show lellow researchers-
Someone
replicated it for years without my knowledge or consent.
bandied
the
theology and mysticism. Research has uncovered many patents which
5

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 170, "chars": 1136, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
predate or coincide with some of Moray's claims, suggesting he
plagerized heavily,
oI, at the very least, was
one of several
discoverers of similar
phenomena. Consider,
for instance,
cathode" tubes-- or the antenna he employed outside his laboratory-
-it couldn't possibly receive the high frquencies he claimed it
could. Studying radio technology of his day reveals much about what
information
he had at his disposal.
Elster and Geitel did considerable research on the subject of
atmospheric
electricity. They showed that usually, except during
some storms, the earth has a negative charge, while the air above
usually
has a positive charge,
a notable potential
difference. The voltage of the atmospheric charge is approximately
100 volts
per meter above the earth's surface. Modern satellite
photographs and measurements have opened up new vistas concerning
the causes of atmospheric ions, lightning activity, earth currents,
and planetary fields. Oleg Jefimenko built motors which ran on the
high voltage and small current obtained from a grounded antenna
suspended in the air. And he used a polonium tip on one antenna
with succes.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 385, "chars": 2511, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE MORAY ENERGY DEVICE--
ITS WORKINGS
A General Description of the Machine
The energy device of Thomas Henry Moray (1892 - 1974) went
through stages of improvement from about 1914, until he died in May
of 1974. The first device resembled an old-fashioned crystal radio
set with the characteristic external ground and antenna wires.
i were eitinate g, and
Eventually, these wires were eliminated, and the last machine he
built
is purported to incorporate 29 tubes and other components,
weighed only 60 pounds, was completely portable, and produced 50
kilowatts of electrical power.
over years, hundreds of witnesses saw the machines, and some of
the accounts differ as to what the machines looked like
for reasons
stated above.
Here are some descriptions:
The earliest version consisted of an unpainted brown box (about
the size of a butter box) and
a smaller fiber box 6"
X4"x
containing tubes. All were attached to a metal baseboard 14" * 4"
*. 1", also having a magnet (two iron posts) to which to connect
wires attached to it.
The machine also
had a ground wire and an
antenna wire (about 87' long, plus a 10' lead-in).
•
In August of 1925, the machine components were connected to a
small drafting board, with the largest instrument measuring 6" high
and 8" in diameter. It had a ground wire, antenna wire, and lighted
a 100-watt bulb and a 655-watt flat iron.
In October 1928, the machine was housed in two boxes 10" × 20"
* 4" deep. The upper
box had an insulating panel on top of it of
thick, hard rubber or slate, on top of which was mounted a jaw
switch. Next to the switch was a body or device about 2 1/2" square
wrapped in friction tape, from which protruded 2 poles of 1/4" soft
This taped body
was the starting device designed
stroked with one pole of a permanent magnet. There were also the
antenna and ground wires.
The March 1929 version of the machine was still housed in two
boxes. In one box was a high frequency transformer, on top of which
was the jaw switch and starting device. The other box contained two
sets of
condensers or capacitors--10 large ones and 10 smaller
ones--a special valve. housed in a hemispherical box about 2" in
diameter and weighing about 2 ounces, two composition cylinders
(oscillator tubes), a coil of wire,
antenna and ground wires, and
a bank of six 100-watt lights, having a place to hook in a
flat
iron during demonstrations.
As of October 1930, there were still two boxes 14" * 24" * 4"
with the jaw switch on the top one, the antenna and ground wires,
7

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 2884, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2 soft iron poles to be stroked with a magnet, and a detector
having
a
flaw causing it to be the weak link in the machine's
reliability.
On December 3, 1930, the observer saw the whole machine housed
in one box 10" x 10"
× 30".
A hard rubber and
metal disc rubbed
together started the machine. There were still the antenna and
ground wires.
As described in
FATE MAGAZINE, September 1956, p. 16, the
machine then witnessed produced
kw of power (67 h.p.), was
housed in one box
30" * 16" × 16", and weighed 50 pounds. This
machine compares closely with the 1929 version above, and contained
a step-down transformer wound 1000 to 1, primary to secondary, had
several capacitors of different sizes,
still had a "weak
link"
detector tube or electronic valve, 2 oscillator tubes, 2 coils of
wire or inductances
8" and 10" in diameter wrapped with several
layers of 50-gauge wire, a starting device, a bar of silver and a
bar of copper laid side
by side, no antenna and ground wires, and
produced a six-inch brush discharge
when disconnected at
the
antenna or ground lead-in while opérating.
As of 1974 when Moray passed away, the machine had 29 tubes,
produced 50 kw
of power, and
produced an 18" brush
discharge when disconnected. It had no antenna or ground wires, and
faulty
detector had been improved. The antenna had
been
replaced with a tube.
I. H. Moray was reputed to have camouflaged his device when he
, showed it to people, by adding things to it to confuse observers,
elements which were not working parts of the machine. But a careful
comparison of his 1929 and 1956 machine reveals he replaced the
antenna and ground wires with bars of copper
and siiver. This'
finding was later substantiated by the son of I. H. Moray in a
recent publication SEA OF ENERGY by Cosray Research, Inc.. (John
Moray) where it is claimed Moray used copper and silver coins as
antennas and grounds.
The demonstrations of the device by Moray almost always followed
He wot then coin dep into this
the same procedures. First, he would string out a 100-foot-or-so
wire of heavy copper wire, supported above the ground by two poles.
good ground, such as a cold water pipe or
metal stake driven deep into the earth, and solder the ground wire
to it. These steps and
the connection of the bank of lights to the
machine completed, Moray stroked the two soft iron poles protruding
from the box with
one pole of a broad, I-shaped, permanent magnet
from 5 to 10 minutes (which strongly
suggests how the wire
was
wound on the soft iron poles). During the stroking or "tuning-in, "
as he called it, he would periodically test the current and voltage
rise
between the jaws of the knife switch with his finger. When
these were high enough, he closed the switch, causing the bank of
lights to turn on immediately, and remain burning until the switch
was opened
again, or the circuit was broken in some other way.
8

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2323, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
After the lights had burned Ior a time, Moray usually
disconnected for an instant the ground wire, then the antenna
wire,
quickly re-connecting them again. During those short breaks in the
circuit path, a six-inch or longer brush discharge jumped across
the breaks. Moray also
capabilities of the machine, such as place sheets of window glass
in the
antenna circuit to
intervening glass had no effect on the operation of the machine.
Glass is mostly silicon.
The machine was then stopped, and observers were permitted to
handle the parts, and ask questions which he answered
in riddles,
or in such a general way as to be almost valueless to the inquirer.
All the parts, except the detector, could be handled by those who
saw his demonstrations.
Apparently, Moray never revealed the real principle of the
machine's operation,
although he left behind
considerable vague,
repetitious, and philosophy-laden writings on 'the subject, unless
he revealed it in his
"voluminous laboratory notes"
in the
possession of his descendents.
The Parts of the Machine
The most complete part by part description of the device was
given by I. J. Yates
• in March Of 1929, and will serve for this
moment as the basis of an analysis. That machine had antenna and
ground wires, a coll of wire, two sets of capacitors--10 large and
10 small--a
step-down,
high frequency transiormel,
2 oscillator
tubes, and a hemispherical detector tube, in addition to the jaw
switch and starting device (two soft iron poles). All these parts
were connected together in
a circuit, and heavy wires Ian from
there to
a bank
of
six 100-watt
light bulbs connected "in
multiple." (parallef)
The antenna was raised above the earth, and the ground was
connected to a'
cold water pipe. Often Moray soldered the ground
wire to a metal stake he had driven into the ground. He used a blow
torch for that purpose. The antenna at his laboratory in Salt Lake
City was made of heavy copper wire, extended 200 feet and stood 80
feet above the ground. It was suspended as follows:
(Illustrated in
BEYOND THE LIGHT RAYS
by I. H. Moray)
ay des ceramic
200°
fortechine
= Graved
I wooden peter
go'
1
Replacing the antenna and ground wires with metal bars or tubes
made the device portable. In this manner, he was able to have a
potential difference. A small battery also worked.
9
•

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 393, "chars": 2652, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The coil of wire
was no doubt the inductor working in
conjunction with the oscillator tubes which had great capacitance,
or in conjunction with the two sets of capacitors mentioned above,
which were off-the-shelf and familiar to people versed in the art
at that time in 1929.
Tests were performed on later machines
showing those parts were not unusual.
The transformer, as Harvey Fletcher described it, was also not
unusual looking, but appeared, as he said, to be "the kind we used
in our
laboratories."
did
not appear unique, but Moray is
reputed
to have claimed it was
a
"step-down transformer." The
article in FATE MAGAZINE, Sep. 1956, puts the ration at 1000 to 1,
primary to secondary. (see Fletcher
File)
It is significant to point out here that both the Hendershot
generator and Hubbard transformer were a series of transformers and
capacitors, almost solely, when their real characters are analysed.
(The author has built three complete Hendershot generators.)
The Oscillator Tubes
In a letter or affidavit addressed "To Whom It May Concern, "
dated December 18, 1930, Thomas J. Yates stated:
"I do not understand the principle by which Dr. Moray produces
the electric energy.
The
condensers
and the coils of wire are
common. The two cylinders called 'oscillators' amd the small
conical shell calluthe 'detector' are the only things not commonly
known."
The oscillator tubes are described by I. J. Yates on May 21,
1929 as two composition cylinders. Checking the words "composition"
and "synthetic" in the
1895
and later dictionaries
Ieveals
"synthetic"was a word used solely in the language of debate, as in
Hegelian
dialectics.
Therein;
thesis,
anti-thesis,
and
synthesis were components of argument. It was not until "synthetic"
rubber manufacture of the 1940s that "synthetic" came into vogue,
replacing the older word "composition," as it applied to plastics,
such as Bakelite.
In DRAKE'S RADIO CYCLOPEDIA by Harold P. Manly, published by
Frederick J. Drake & Company, 1928,
"composition" is called by its
full name,
"phenol
composition,
moulded,"
under the
heading
"Constants, dielectric." This phenol composition class included
Bakelite,
Formica,
Condensite,
Celoron,
Micarta,
Redmanol,
Phenolite, and so on. All were products of phenol and formaldehyde.
Used elsewhere in the book EXPERIMENTAL WIRELESS STATIONS by
Philip E. Edelman, published by The Norman W. Henley Publishing
Company, N. Y. 1922, page 27, "composition" is used thusly:
"Core. This may be turned out from hard wood, but since wood
shrinks, a rubber, fibre, composition, or even a
shellaced paper
tube is much preferred....If bare wire is to be used on the fibre,
10

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 2901, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
rubber, or composition tube, it is very desirable to turn or have
a machinist turn a thread on the core. (P. 329) Every part should
be nicely made and great care taken with insulation and contacts.,
The cores and ends used are preferably made from hard rubber, fibre
or moulded composition, but wood and paper when dry and carefully
shellaced
ПаУ
substituted.
" P.
369)...condensers.. paper..•glass..air...composition...etc."
In the book CAPACITORS, THEIR USE IN ELECTRONIC CIRCUITS by M.'
Brotherton, Ph. D., published by D. Van Nostrand Company, Inc.;
Princeton,
N. J. 1946, p. 89, a transition in the use of the words
"composition" and "svnthetic" is shown:
"Originally, capacitors of the solid-dielectric type used
dielectric materials either immediately employable as found in
nature or which
produced
without
elaborate chemical
transiormation....In the meantime, the synthetic chemist has been
gradually opening up to us a new vista of possibllities by. creating
dielectrics of radically new composition, through transiormation of
the basic molecular structure of natural materials.... Now entering
the picture is the possibility of using films
of synthetic
cellulose which are free from the contaminants present in paper;
cellulose esters
and cellulose ethers are steps in this
direction.... (P. 90) Indicative of the possibilities of the class
of synthetics known as plastics are the unusual characteristics of
polystyrene. (P. 91) Synthetic dielectrics constitute a new field
on the brink of expansion."
In a conversation with DI. Harvey Fletcher (circa 1979), this
author asked him what materials the oscillator tubes were made of.
After thinking a moment somewhat impatiently, he stated he did not
remember very well.
When this author asked him, further, whether
they were made of "metal, glass, or plastic,"
In a split second
flash of recall, DI.
Fletcher
fired back
without hesitation,
"Plastic, I believe!"
In an old letter written to Harvey Fletcher from the law office
of Bagley, Judd and Ray, Suite 409,
Kearns Building,
Salt Lake
City, Utah, on October 25, 1928, Robert I. Judd wrote in part:'
"The enclosed letter we have written with the idea that you
might disclose the same to the man whom you select to deal with in
this matter. Mr. Moray feels that as a preliminary step you should
not disclose the fact that a stone is used in the detector; that
there is moisture in the tubes with the electro-litic effect, the
metal covering
of the
tubes and the tuning process. By
this
limitation we would not have you understand that at some very near
future
time
we will not be willing to have
you make a
disclosure..."
It is hardly probably that Mr. Fletcher would need to have been
told the tubes were metal covered, if it were evidently so,
since
many people saw and handled them. The only sensible explanation is
that the metal tubes were covered with phenol plastic. The stone in
11

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 451, "chars": 2867, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the detector was also not apparently evident. The tuning-in process
seen by many people, and any mystery shrouding it seems
peculiar and unnecessary.
The oscillator tubes had a great capacitance, too. In a letter
to Robert I.
Judd from Harvey Fletcher on October 6, 1928, DI.
Fletcher said in part: (Fletcher did not know Moray very well, and
his ignorance of how the machine worked comes out in this letter.)
"If I saw all the parts that entered into the production of the
light I would certainly agree with MI. Morley (sic) that either the
tubes or the rectifier (detector) or the coil had some remarkable
properties. As a scientist, I should like to see them investigated
in some physical laboratory which is equipped to do such work. If
MI. Morley's statement that the tubes have a capacity of a farad is
even approximately true, the tubes alone have a great scientific
value.
"If the rectifier has only the function MI. Morley claimed for
it, then a substitute can easily be found which
is much more
stable
reliable.
"(2) The energy is transferied from a high impedence circuit to
a low impedance
circuit by means of a high frequency current. The
high frequency is probably produced by an oscillatory circuit in
the system and I think tests would reveal that the frequency of
oscillations was entirely
controlled by the constants of
the
circuit and not by outside influences.
Any attempts
to obtain
current or voltage readings in the high impedance
side of the
circuit by using ordinary meters would probably result in failure.
This is confirned by MI. Morley's experience.
"(3) If the
source of
energy
• is within the
system, by
redesigning the system the same performance can be obtained without
the use of
"(4) If the rectifier has only the function MI. Morley claimed
for it,
then a substitute can easily be found which
is more
stable
and reliable.".
In his U. S. patent number 2,460, 707, an electrotherapeutic
apparatus, Moray included some peculiar capacitors, having great
electric capacitance. Why they
'are in the patent at all
little sense, unless he was taking the opportunity to patent parts
of other devices, particularly those of his energy machine, without
letting it be known they belonged to it. At least up to the early
1930s, Moray did not seem to think any part of his energy device
was as important as the detector, and permitted some people to
handle all the parts freely,
except the detector which apparently
acted as a rectifier, along with being an ultra-sensitive detector,
a point to be discussed later.
Based on information the author has, Moray's oscillator tubes
had much the same function as the hand-wound capacitors and basket
coils of Hendershot's
generator--a one-piece,
close-matched
and
balance effect. Figure 14 and 15 seem to most nearly coincide with
witnesses' descriptions of the oscillator tubes (see patent number
12

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 2838, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2,460,707):
"(column 7) In the illustrated instance, the governor or control
device 69
preferably takes
the form of a
vacuum tube having the
construction shown by Figs. 14 and 15, Figs. 16 and 17, or Figs, 18
and 19. These tubes all possess high capacity and include elements
effecting a brush discharge. They serve as does the device 14 of
Figs. 2 and 3.
"The tube of Figs. 14 and 15 embodies an outer shell or envelope
70 of insulating material such as glass, a plastic, or fiber coated
with shellac. Inside the shell 70 is a bi-cylindrical element 71
formed
•I electrically conductive material....
"(column 8) I have also found it advantageous to fill the tube
with a moist vapor. The tube acts as an oscillator for electric
currents and has enormous capacity, a capacity many times that of
a condenser of approximately equal
size."
Perhaps all these tubes have parts to contribute to the
construction of the actual oscillator tubes used by Moray in his
energy device, but seven (or more) things are known about the tubes
of the device. They were plastic covered; they were metal covered;
they had a great capacitance; they were filled with a damp vapor;
they
had an "electro-litic action"; they used an "ionic action";
and they employed "cold cathodes."
Figures 14 and 15 above have a filament to be heated, which
seens overly simple for Moray's way of designing.
might
suggest a replacement for a
more elaborate or exotic element
serving essentially the same purpose was deliberately substituted,
perhaps to confuse the reader.
Some ideas as to what may be happening of an electrolytic nature
in the tubes may be suggested by these quotes:
"(p. 35) Chemical reactions át surfaces, oxidation of moist
phosphorus, potassium, sodium, give ions of both signs, but more
negative ions.
"(p. 40) These detector tubes have a synchronized pull with the
specially
developed oscillators of high faradic capacity and
a means
through which
osciliating energy may pass to
specially constructed valve oscillators. Just as sodium, potassium,
caesium, rubium, barium, strontium, react to visible light, or let
us say, wavelengths, within a certain range, might not certain
substances or substance react to oscillations from the cosmos or
artificially produced radiations.
"(p. 27) It is not to be
supposed that the electrons in a
polarized atom need to be disturbed in any great amount in order to
produce chemical cohesion; polarization converts molecular force in
cohesion into insipient but real chemical affinity.
"*(p. 43) In some electronic tubes the electrons are not emitted
directly from the filament but from an indirect cathode which does
not enter into the direct electrical function of the tube. Does
this teach us anything towards an indirect generation of ions and
ionic action? Could the opposite deflection of alpha and beta rays
13

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 467, "chars": 3152, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
!
and the undeflected course of the gamma rays teach
us anything
about cosmic energy or radiant energy valves and oscillations?
"(P. 46) Radiant Energy (R. E.) tubes possess greater ability
to obtain "saturation" and thus charge the accompanying capacitors
or condensers at a more steady rate which, when a certain voltage
is reached, ionization occurs in the
gases of the discharge
tube....
"(p. 50) It is now nearly seventy years since Dr. LeBon proved
by experiment that the phenomenon observed in substances termed
radioactive--such as uranium--could be observed in all substances
in nature, and could be only explained by the dissociation of their
atoms.
"* (P. 81).. vapor of water, which in extremely small amounts
play an important part in various
reactions--dry acetylene
and
hydride of potassium,
carbonic acid
and hydride of potassium,
ammonia gas and hydrochloric acid, quinine saits and a small amount
of water (becomes phosphorescent
and radioactive)...
"* (p. 82) The catalyzing substances could therefore be simply
liberators of energy in matter on the earth and in the universe.
"* (p. 230) On closely examining the role of bodies whose mere
presence influences reactions,
we note that they behave as if
energy were
transported
from
the catalyzing
body to
that
catalyzed." (SEA OF ENERGY IN WHICH THE EARTH FLOATS by I. H.
Moray)
"(p. 209) It is a system utilizing the principles of the wire
corona with a concentric cylinder
at different pressures. The
system is modified in conformity to the
concept that chemical
reactions must take place when the oppositely charged molecular
ions from an appropriate activated catalyst are accelerated against
one another in the wire corona. It consists of a cylinder made of
a suitable catalyst from which positive atomic ions are emitted.
The reactants (gases) streaming through the chamber parallel to the
length of the wire attain the polarity of the negative molecular
by the high electric field close
the wire. As these
negative molecular ions are accelerated at the right angles to the
wire in the direction of the electric field toward the positively
charged
catalyst cylinder,
they are
met by an
avalanche of
onrushing
atomic ions
from the catalyst. A certain amount of
reaction takes place in that instant, 10 to the minus 8 seconds.
However, some of the negative molecular ions outside the mean free
path of
the positive atomic ions are free to rush headlong toward
the positive cylindrical field where they are
neutralized,
instantly given a positive charge by the avalanche of outrushing
positive ions. These positive molecular ions are accelerated back
into the field
and collide against the
negative molecular ions
coming from the direction of the negative electrode corona. This
melee continues until the reaction has come to a point where the
individual participants are
all gone
• the mixture is
outside of the electrical field: backrush oscillations.
"* (p. 224) Any action capable of modifying the nature of a body
generates
eletricity. (Simple contact between two heterogeneous
bodies
generates electricity.)
"(p. 211) Energy must be absorbed to be utilized. (The energy
14

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2596, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
has to be converted to light,
electrical energy.)" (SEA OF
2505
sale Lake Cieg, Van,
heat, chemical, mechanical of
ENERGY, pub. Cosray Research Inc.,
South 400 East, Salt Lake City, Utah)
The sense this author gets from thinking about the principles
the machine operates on is that of cutting down ohmic resistance
mainly in the oscillator tubes and rectifier or detector. This may
be attained by keeping the gas inside the oscillator tubes in a
metastable state through phosphors of other kinds of radioactivity,
that the slightest additional. energy causes current to flow
unimpeded.
MAGAZINE,
Sept.
1956, p.
radioactive materials were
164,
IuMOIS
that
used as the "carrying currents" in his
tubes. Moray said:
"If the internal impedance is too great, there will be no
oscillations, but it will merely slide back in
a dead beat to its
unrestrained
state. Cutting down the resistance to the minimum and
by synchronous or resilient ionic actions of the device with the
ionic actions of the universe.
"With negligible resistance in the device, no energy is lost in
heat and the oscillations continue..." (SEA OF ENERGY IN WHICH THE
EARTH FLOATS)
Another phenomenon, no doubt related to the operation of the
device in some way, possibly in the oscillator tubes, is that of
separating positive and negative ions from each other in gas. By
rapidly alternating a field between two plates immersed in an
ionized gas, the negative ions will reach the positive plate, but
the positive ions, being much slower and heavier, may never reach
the opposite plate.
*Moray said the electric field is one of the most important
ionizing agents:
"A specific case in which the electric field performs the double
function of molecular
excitation and
the
creation of
'inter-
molecular and atomic ions is being given as the system used by the
inventor...
"Flames discharge electrified bodies without anyone determining
the exact cause of this phenomenon. The loss of electric charges
through the influence of light has been known for years but was
regarded as a
fact peculiar to a few metals with no suspicion of
how general and important this law is." (SEA OF ENERGY IN WHICH THE
EARTH FLOATS)
of course, electrolytic action could mean just that. A damp
vapor such as water could effect one electrode in a tube in such a
way it dissociates
slowly, the current then flowing toward the
other electrode. Some examples of possible substances have just
been given.
FIOM PHYSICS OF ELECTRON TUBES by I. R. Koller, published by
McGraw-Hill Book Company,
1954, the following
information on cold-cathode tubes
is printed:
15
!

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2606, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
"(P. 221) The cold-cathode diode is a tube containing two
electrodes immersed in a gas at a relatively low pressure, conmonly
about 0.1 mm of mercury....
"The principle uses of cold-cathode diodes are as voltage
regulators,
stroboscopic light sources,
relaxation oscillators,
surge protection devices, and as
• transmit-receive (T-R) switch
devices in radar systems
(see Sec. 16-3). Such tubes can also be
designed to operate rectifiers.
"The cold-cathode diode is sometimes provided with an auxiliary
electrode to which
d-c potential is applied of
sufficient
magnitude to maintain ionization continuously in the tube. When
this is done, the breakdown voltage is reduced, and breakdown takes
place more rapidly than otherwise. Cold-cathode diodes with such an
auxiliary electrode find
ne use
as transmit-receiving switching
devices in radar systems."
*The Detector
Moray's energy device would function without the detector, so it
is reported in a letter from E. G. Jensen, 914 Continental Bank
Building, Salt Lake City, Utah, on September 26, 1928 to Reed I.
Anderberg, 215 West 7th Street, Los Angeles, California:
"DI. Moray stated it would work without the detector but that
the light was
not constant and that it was bright and dim in
regular cycles."
This testimony is substantiated by Moray's pride in and emphasis
on the steadiness and brightness of the light in his literature and
speeches about his machine. Harvey Fletcher refers to the detector
as a rectifier in a previously quoted letter written by him to
Robert I. Judd, dated October 6, 1928. He must have been told it
was a rectifier by Moray.
The first detector, according to Moray's son, in a recent book,
SEA OF ENERGY, was a piece of naturally occuring stone taken by
Moray from a loaded railroad car in Sweden, and brought by him to
the United States. C. R. Benzel of Washington, D. C., writing to
Harvey Fletcher on March 30, 1933, said:
"MI. Moray was unable to give me a demonstration of the device
because he said he didn't have any more of the stone or piece of
material which belongs in the detector, which seems to be a very
important part of the device, but he says he can make a tube to
take the place of this material."
When that stone was exhausted or used up, Moray fabricated a
stone to
replace it. The stone he made with
the help of large
railroad yard presses in Salt Lake City was made mainly of
germanium and doped with small amounts of radioactive materials,
discussed later
on here,
which
gave it an
sensitiveness to a large spectrum of electromagnetic waves, from
radio waves to something akin to cosmic lays.
16

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 415, "chars": 2704, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Materials tend to absorb the wavelength of the same waves they
emit. Moray said:
"Just as
sodium,
potassium,
caesium,
rubidiun,
barium,
strontium, react to visible light, of let
us say wavelengths,
certain ange,
might
certain other
substances
substance react to oscillations from the cosmos or artificially
produced radiations? The relationship and
combination of natural
and forced vibrations is particularly important.
It must be
remembered that
a point of
will be reached at some
frequency and the charge will reach
a magnitude depending on the
impressed force which, in the case of the universe is immense-- the
effect of resonance, pure resonance."
*It made sense for Moray to use a combination of radium,
thorium, and uranium in his detector,
because per unit measure,
Ernest
Rutherford, in his book,
Cambridge University
RADIO-ACIIVITY, published by
Press in 1905, points out that those three
elements together ionize nearly twice as much gas as any one of the
three will ionize alone.
*In October 7, 1916 issue Of SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN SUPPLEMENT, P-
333, carries the article "Radium And Aerials" wherein experiments
with a weak solution of radium (salts) in conjunction with radio
aerials are made. The results show that the close proximity of the
radium
to the
antenna
tuning
coil greatly increases the
receptivity of the radio, even in circumstances where no stations
could be received before.
*The author's own experiments have yielded similar results. when
a pierce of uranium is held close to the tuning coil of a small
transistor radio, a small increase in volume is audible. It is
especially true if the ore is held next to the air capacitor of the
radio, if the radio is not tuned directly onto the radio station
being received. Only ore was used.
In the translation from French by flerIe beasse, called PHYSICAL
RADIESTHESIE, published by Proges scientifique In NIce (A.-M.)
France 1941,
that author asserts a radioactive body increases the
sensitivity of dowsing pendelus
, Iods by making the object
sought after appear much larger than it is.
An exceptionally important use of radioactivity in detecting
electromagnetic waves was developed during World war II. THE BOYS'
FIRST BOOK OF RADIO AND ELECTRONICS by Alfred Morgan, published by
Charles Scribner's Sons, New YOIk, October 1963, page 33, records:
'The Snooperscope is intended for the detection of infiltrating
enemy troops and reading maps at night. One model utilizing radium
in its construction is so sensitive it can detect a camouflaged
tank by its engine heat hours after the motors are shut down."
Further, the following was published by Little, Brown, and
Company, Boston, 1948, edited by C. G. Suits and
others, and
17

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 423, "chars": 3063, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
.:
entitled APPLIED PHYSICS: ELECTRONICS, OPTICS, METALLURGY, pp. 228-
276):
"(p. 235) An infrared-sensitive phosphor is a material which
stores up
energy when bombarded by ultraviolet light, visible
light,
elections,
and
other
energizing
agencies. The stored
energy is normally released very slowly over
a long period of time. If, however, the phosphor in its excited
state
is subjected to illumination by infrared radiation,
the
energy is released much more rapidly and in the form of visible
light. This phenomenon is the basis of the metascopes, which first
excite a
. phosphor surface, and then stimulate
by infrared
radiation toch prise or Vas a baracteristic excitation spectrum, a
band of wave lengths which causes it to store up energy. Energy
storage
is influenced
not only by the peculiarities
the
phosphor, but also by the amount and manner of excitation, which in
some cases is quite critical and must be carefully controlled.
"In addition to its characteristic excitation spectrum, each
phosphor
has its own
stimulation
emission
spectra.
stimulation spectrum for available infrared-sensitive phosphors is
in the near-infrared region,
just
beyond the visible light
spectrum. The emmission spectrum lies between the wave lengths of
excitation and stimulation. After excitation, the stored energy in
the phosphor is released in two principle forms. The first is a
spontaneous visible afterglow which
is strong immediately after
excitation, but becomes negligible
in a few minutes
hours
depending on the phosphor. The second is a stimulated emmission due
to irradiation by infrared, and it is this form that is useful for
infrared detection and viewing.
"(P. 238) More than 20,000
new preparations were tried in the
search for phosphors with stimulated bands at longer wave lengths.
Greatest success
was obtained with types of zine sulfide, in
respect to the brightness of stimulated luminescence and
also to
the displacement of the stimulation band further into the infrared.
While no practical phosphors of this composition were developed,
the investigation indicated a likely field for future research.
"(p. 240) Type F metascope used Standard VIII phosphor, an
improved
version of Standard VII,
a calcium-strontium mixture
activated by europium and
samarium, excited by alpha particle
bombardment from gold foil made radioactive by radium. I'ne I01l was
brought close to the phosphor by titling the instrument, then swung
behind a barrier. The beta-rays striking the phosphor
from behind
barrier
continued
"trickle
excitation. The
instrument's
charges" to maintain the
sensitivity
five minutes
excitation was 40 nautical-mile-candles and about 6 nautical-mile-
candles about an hour later.
"(p. 243) As the increased sensitivity of electron image tubes
made possible
fabrication
smaller
telescopes,
spectacular applications of infrared imaging--the Snooperscope and
Sniperscope--were
developed.
instruments
essentially a combination of a small image-tube telescope and a 30-
watt sealed-beam• spotlight provided with a
suitable infrared
filter."
18

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 390, "chars": 2689, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From this publication it becomes evident much work on phosphors
1s the reference to zino
crystal
radios in general. Ernest Rutherford
used this material
much
in
his
experiments
before
Moray, as it is a
sensitive
piezoelectric crystal.
It should be pointed out the background work on the Snooperscope
has just been reviewed, not its detailed workings which may be more
informative.
Another material in the Moray detector is bismuth, a natural
electronegative
Bismuth
metal, as barium
is naturally electropositive.
was used by Rutherford (RADIO-ACIIVITY,
PP. 397-455) to
collect the alpha-particle-rich emanation of radium
from chemical
solutions, simply
•by dipping it in the solution. Bismuth
is
naturally
Slightly diamagnetic, and becomes strongly radioactive
when exposed to active matter in radon gas.
Stone 139
of the detector was 3-4 degrees above
ambient
temperature, making that stone out of temperature equilibrium with
its surroundings. Rutherford points out (Ibid., P. 430) the heat of
radium is proportional to emissions of alpha particles, that the
emanations
account for two-thirds of the heat,
and
that the
greatest energy of ionization comes from alpha particles (Ibid., p.
433).
The
emission of
heat
is directly associated
with
radioactivity (Ibid., p.433).
Rutherford points out that the horsepower and energy of radium,
thorium, and uranium are enormous (Ibid., p. 432),
and the energy
is radiated in the form of ionizing rays into gas (Ibid., P. 438).
Each alpha particle
86,000
ions
in gas before being
absorbed, and each alpha particle is stopped in 3 em of air (a gas)
(Ibid., p. 455). Radium is 100,000 times more active than uranium
(Ibid.,
p.
438). Copper and
1a Copper and over s
silver absorb the emanation of
radioactivity best (Ibid., p. 397).
Moray wrote:
esportsons or scheera ska his call
"Did these pioneers (Rutherford, Curie) build better than they
way? It could prove profitable if these
experiments of Rutherford and his co-workers were taken up again."
(THE SEA OF ENERGY IN WHICH THE EARTH FLOATS, PP. 75, 77)
Moray admitted the most significant thing about radioactivity is
the production of alpha particles. He rehearsed the findings of
other scientists
that
these particles
account for 99% of the
radioactivity
radium.
render
air
a
conductor
of
electricity. When
a radioactive body is enclosed in a glass tube,
all the alpha particles are stopped by the glass walls, but "inside
those walls great things
take place because of their electrical
conducting ability. The emission of alpha particles, positive ions,
is together with the production of emanation (i.e. radon gas) the
phenomenon of radioactivity." Moray went on to say, "Radioactivity
19

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 417, "chars": 2732, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and cosmic energy are very closely related--one points toward the
other."
Experiments in the early 1900s by pioneers in radioactivity
found that radium immersed in water caused the hydrogen and oxygen
composing it to separate, making it possible to claim the energy of
radioactivity by burning the hydrogen gas. Moray admitted:
"None of these alpha-beta-gamma emissions can touch a gaseous or
solid body without
immediately causing,
no doubt
through
disturbance produced by
their enormous velocity, a dissociation
resulting in the production of secondary rays, which are similar in
their
properties to the primary rays, but less intense...
"Light and other radiations exert a mechanical pressure upon
everything and object they
strike
and
these
radiations
are
essentially electrical in their character. There is a breaking down
and building up of the atoms continuously producing... unlimited
power..."
Nikola Tesla said the same things before Moray, when he realized
x-rays were "particles striking objects in their paths with great,
but inaudible reports like gunshots."
Moray's maintained claim that the emission of alpha particles is
the "most significant" thing about radioactivity means the same
thing as ionization of gases, and radioactivation of other elements
in their paths are the most significant thing about alpha
particles, said another way.
Confined in Moray's half-spherical, air-tight detector case, the
alpha particles and other radioactive products were placed in an
excited state, or in a state of imbalance, or out of equilibrium.
Il radioactivity is being off-balance nuclearly, then the elements
exposed to radiation are knocked off-balance,
too, and begin to
give off emissions of their own. Ions free electrons which can be
drawn off and conducted away in a metal wire. The positive charged
alpha particles remain, but a demand for
negative electrons
• is
present, creating a difference in electrical potential. The antenna
and ground supply the electrons which are only drawn off again.
Another possible explanation is that while the materials inside
the detector are slightly off-balance, they will absorb energy of
the wave lengths they give off, gamma rays, beta particles, and
alpha particles, so the detector will absorb these energies, or at
least detect, rectify, and amplify them.
At any rate, a jolt or shock was created, or a dearth of a
charge was maintained that was not compensated for, if a load was
on the machine while it was properly hooked up (grounded with an
antenna), so the machine continued to run until it was stopped by
some outside means already mentioned.
It is plausible the stroking of the coll, or its equivalent,
filled the
capacitors. By closing the
switch, the jolt of
20

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 457, "chars": 2901, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
electricity given off by the capacitors caused the machine to start
oscillating, picking up additional power from the atmosphere, but
the machine was actually running when the jaw switch was open, as
it could be opened and closed, the lights corresponding to the
switching, once the machine was
"tuned in."
*More about the Detector
Around 1902, the rays given off by the newly discovered
radioactive materials were referred to as radiant energy, and were
specifically what are known today as alpha, beta, and garma rays or
particles, as well as visible light, cathode rays, Roentgen rays,
x-rayS,
and ultraviolet light. It
was also known they had
an
electrical
nature, because of
Ieactions (or non-reactions) to
magnetic fields. In this Iegard, beta and gamma rays were similar
to cathode and x-rays respectively. Alpha particles were similar to
free helium nuclei or protons. (ANNUAL REPORT OF THE SMITHSONIAN
INSTITUTE,
1902, pp. 1971), The Curies introduced
• idea that
Iadioactivity is the "evolving of matter or atoms." (ANNUAL REPORT
OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTE, 1908, pp. 769+)
Thomas Henry Moray of Salt Lake City, Utah, prior to his death
in May of 1974, is reputed to have perfected a machine which could
take
energy from the
atmosphere,
based upon the physics of
radioactivity. Indeed, he called it his "radiant energy device."
Just how the machine worked he kept a very guarded secret, but
based somewhat upon his
writings and
the extensive research of
others who went before him, particularly eyewitness accounts, the
principle of its operation
can be deduced. Still, some trial
and
erIor research is necessary to complete the exposition.
On the surface, it appeared to be a system wherein the current
supplied from an initial start reciprocated or oscillated back and
forth in its capacitois, gaining power from the atmosphere or from
the
radioactive materials in the
detector.
There were several
seemingly simple parts, such as oscillator tubes (2 of them), some
"condensers," a coil of wire, a switch, other simple parts, and a
detector.
_ see other lists of minemis
First the detector: Old crystal radio detectors were any of a
number of materials, usually sulfides of metals, among which are
bornite,
chalcocite, chalcopyrite, galena, iron pyrite (fool's
gold), molybdenite, and stibnite. These materials acted as diodes
which
prevented
the incoming
sine
wave
signal flowing both
directions through the circuit, that is, from alternating.
These old detectors had, in addition to the piece of mineral
that acted
as a diode,
part known as a cat whisker. The
cat
whisker was a stiff, thin piece of wire, usually with a coil or two
in
it to give it
springiness,
and
the end of
it was placed
delicately on a
point of the
mineral or crystal.
Usually, the
location and adjustment on this point or "sweet
spot" was
very
sensitive, and for this reason, the detector must not be jarred or
21

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 462, "chars": 2920, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
disturbed. A study of crystal radio sets, Of which there is ample
documentation, will yield much enlightening information.
Moray's device had a similar, if not exact, part which he called
"the detector, " which had the same sensitivity to being jarred, for
in letter to
a Mr. Haffeneffer, Robert I. Judd states:
"A later examination of the parts of the machine showed that one
part of the detector, that piece of the mechanisn which is not had
"fool" proof, had slipped down
• out of place and in effect
disconnected
that particular circuit." (A BRIEF ANALYSIS OF THE
MORAY RADIANT ENERGY DEVICE, Sept. 20, 1928, p. 10)
E. G. Jensen further states in his letter to R. I. Andberg, Oct.
8, 1928:
"...October 4, 1928, that the light was out. He stated that
large poplar trees were being toppled near his laboratory and that
in dropping to the ground the tops shook the ground sufficiently to
throw the detector out of adjustment....
"At 6:30 p.m., October 4, 1928, with Moray, Hayes and Jensen
present, seals were inspected and found to be o. K. Seals were then
broken,
the trunk lid raised, and the cover to the top unscrewed
and taken off and
the detector taken out. Mr. Moray shook the
detector
gently and we all heard a rattling sound, which Mr. Moray
pronounced as the part of the detector jarred out of position when
the trees fell. MI. Moray further stated that he thought he could
adjust
laboratory and in our presence. The detector was pronounced O. K.
and ready for installation and further demonstration at 6:53 a. m."
The a lad on and turned
started to do so immediately
in
the
(Ibid., p. 13)
The
detector
was described as
"...a box approximately
hemispherical in shape about 2 inches in diameter and weighing 2
ounces...."
(I. J.
Yates,
recorded March 16, 1929) The
whole
machine, he also relates, consisted as follows:
"1. The apparatus consists of an antenna, a lead-in and a ground
wire. These are connected to the terminals of a switch. Iwo wooden
boxes were placed on a table. In one of these boxes was a high
frequency transformer and in the other box
were
two sets
of
condensers, 10 large condensers in one set and 10 small condensers
in the other set; two composition cylinders, each
• about 1 1/2
inches diameter and four inches long; each of these weighed about
three or four ounces; and another box approximately
• hemispherical
in shape and 2 inches in diameter and weighing about 2 ounces; and
a coil of wire. These pieces of apparatus
were connected by a
number of wires by which the hook-up
was connected.
"Two of these wires were led out to the switch. One was attached
to the blade of the switch and the other to the jaws of the switch
so that when the switch was open
the antenna,
lead-in (wire),
apparatus in the boxes, and ground wire, were all in series.
"Two other wires leading out of the box were connected to six
100
watt lamps
connected
in
multiple during part of the
(parallel)
22

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 481, "chars": 2919, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
demonstration, and to a flat iron during part of the demonstration.
"2. Demonstration. During the demonstration the apparatus was
connected in series as above described, except that a small switch
connected in series with the coil was
left open.
"DI. Moray stroked the coil with a small magnet for three or
four minutes; He then closed the small (knife) switch and the lamps
were lighted and remained bright as long as the circuit was left
open,
which was about 60 minutes. He then connected an electrical
flat iron.
In a short time the iron was hot. When the ground wire
was disconnected the lights went out."
Others also saw the contents of the boxes:
"The boxes in which the mechanism had been housed during the
test were opened and the contents examined; there were condensers,
the detector, a transformer,
and two tubes
: in them but nothing
else. Nothing that in the least resembled a battery." (Murray o.
Hayes, October 29, 1926)
"I examined most of the apparatus which was used consisting of
condensers and coils of wire which could produce no energy of
themselves, but the detector (so-called) a small instrument which
completed
the apparatus was
not
shown
to me,
neither was
the
principle of operation disclosed." (Nathaniel Baldwin, October 31,
1931) - see page 6l hereinr
"The essential parts of the machine were contained in two boxes,
one directly on top of the other, each box about 14" wide and 4"
deep by 24" long. On the top of the upper box was an electric
switch on an insulating base. There was also attached to the upper
box two soft iron poles wound with wire which in turn was covered
with ordinary friction tape. Ten standard electric light globes,
each 100 watts, were connected to the interior oí these boxes. A
heavy copper wire led from one of the boxes to an outside aerial,
a second similar wire connected the boxes with a water pipe going
into the ground. Several members of the party took hold of both
wires at the same time which showed there was no current in them
before the demonstration began. DI. Moray also put the terminals of
the connection which led into the boxes in his mouth to prove that
there was no current in the boxes.
"...when it was "oscillating" in tune with what he called
"radiant energy" it would continue so to do and bring in this
energy in a usable form when the switch was closed. After stroking
had continued for a
few
seconds less than five minutes, Moray
closed
the switch and the lights came on very brilliant.
"The inventor explained that this astonishing exhibition when
understood was
a matter of ordinary physics and predicted that
there could be developed from the
light and heat sufficient to take care of many times the present
known needs of man." (M. H. Welling, Secretary of the State of
Utah, October 8, 1930)
one person described the detector as "small enough to fit in a
man's hand," and remarked that Moray cut it loose from the machine
23

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 348, "chars": 2239, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
after the demonstration, and put it in his pocket.
Moray hinted at the way the machine worked by reference to
Rutherford, LeBon, etc.:
•..The Alpha radiations are composed of positive ions, the Beta
radiations of electrons with those constituting the cathode rays,
while the Gamma radiations are similar to the
X-rays. Did these
pioneers build better than they realized in showing the way?" (I.
4. Moray in SEA OF ENERGY IN WHICH THE EARTH FLOATS, p. 75)
•..Of all the emission of radioactive bodies, it is the Alpha
particles especially which make the air a conductor of electricity,
and it is the Beta particles or rays which produce photographic
impressions. When a radioactive body is enclosed in a glass tube
nearly all the Alpha particles are stopped by the glass walls but
inside those glass walls great things take place because of their
electrical conducting ability." (Ibid., p. 75)
"The emission of Alpha particles, positive ions, is together
with the production of
emanation (radon gas), the fundamental
phenomenon of radioactivity." (Ibid., p. 76)
"It could prove profitable if these experiments of Rutherford
and his co-workers were taken up again." (Ibid., p. 77)
It appears that Moray's valve is the detector for which he
claimea to have applled for a patent on July 13, 1931 (ostensibly
U. S. patent application number 550, 611), shown on page 132 in SEA
OF ENERGY IN WHICH THE EARTH FLOATS:
1130
1
1
1
- 40
•191
r4s.
show from site and
frame and
Fig. 8
Fig.
9
It is logical, based upon his observed behavior in regard to it,
that the detector would be the part of the device he would attempt
to patent,
because he allowed other people to handle the other
parts, as if they were unimportant or non-revealing, also allowing
them to see diagrams to the circuits of the rest of the machine.
Further,
its shape is an approximately hemispherical, two-
inches-in-diameter metal "box, " fully enclosed, including a
screw.
on lid, such that it could be disassembled.
On page 131 of the same book (Ibid.), reading from the patent
application, perhaps one never actually filed, he admits it will
pick up radio signals and what he purports to be cosmic signals:
"This, with variations and hookup shown in figure 10, as used
24
Ila

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 439, "chars": 2868, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
for the rectification and amplification of radio or other high
frequency signals without the amplification of any outside current
other than the incoming radio or cosmic signal and small pencil
sized dry cell batteries. Certain hookups require no battery cells
whatsoever.*
See photostat patent application #550, 611."
On page 130 of the same book (Ibid.), reading from the patent
application, he names the materials used
in each part of the valve,
until he comes to the part numbered 139:
"At 139, in the form of a rounded stone, is a small mineral body
containing
(material blanked out in this
paper for
security reason's but can say it described the Moray
fission material), triboluminescent zinc and germanium compressed
into a hard,
rounded stone.
This rounded stone
is delicately
supported between the pieces of iron sulphide 137 and the upper
piece of bismuth 136. The stone 139 has remarkable amplifying
and
rectifying properties, is also remarkable for the maintenance of a
higher temperature than exists in its surroundings, as well as for
its radiation of alpha, beta, and gamma rays which produce an ionic
reaction. It is by reason of this latter property that' this stone
readily ionizes gases. It will be understood therefore that this
stone may well serve as a valve which allows energy waves to pass
in only one direction at a time, that is to say, from the
antenna
capacitor into various circuits or from the
circuits
the
antenna capacitor without necessarily changing from H. F. or A. C.
to D. C."
On the larger, handwritten note shown on page 135, the materials
are also blanked out, but the commas remain, indicating there were
three different materials missing. There is good reason, based upon
Rutherford's writings, to assume these materials were, first, some
form of radium, perhaps radium chloride salt:
"To these emanations are due three-fourths of the heat
continually produced by radium, which maintains its temperature 3
or 4 degrees above its
surroundings." (Ibid., p. 80)
The other materials are most obviously thorium and uranium,
first, because they have the longer half-lives of the three, and,
second,
because
they give
different
levels
connsistent with the experiments of Rutherford and others:
energy
"Radium and
thorium produce
different energy levels of
emanations,
that
is, of dissociations. Five or six have been
counted. The first engenders the second, and so on. They, no doubt,
represent successive stages in the evolution of matter."(Ibid., P.
80)
"It is supposed, from various calculations, that the Alpha
particles
must
have
a mass equal or superior
to that of the
hydrogen atom and a like charge. Their speed,
as calculated from
the extent of their deviation
by
a magnetic
field of
given
intensity, is one-tenth that of light. For uranium and thorium, it
is for one gramme 70,000 per second, and for radium a hundred
25

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 405, "chars": 2630, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
rain mos
thousand million. This emission may last without interruption for
more than a hundred years. "(Ibid., p. 76)
The uranium and thorium could be in the form of salts, but the
pure metals
give
off more
radioactivity, simply
because of
concentration of vital
material, than do the salts.
The stone containing all these elements or minerals was "hard"
and "delicately supported" between two other parts of the valve. It
is likely this is the part that was jarred out of place when
the
machine was shaken by the falling trees, dropping something on the
table next to it, or hitting the table next to it with a hammer, as
Moray did on one occasion during a demonstration. It would also
"rattle," when out of place, against the sides of the metal box or
"envelope" it was in. (Ibid., p. 131, bottom of page) This valve
could be disassembled and re-assembled in twenty minutes, or so it
appears.
The stone number 139 was made, then, of the following materials:
(1) germanium (used because it takes less current to acitivate it,
as
and doped with
the
following,
(2)
the writings of Rutherford and others,
(3) radium chloride, thorium, and uranium.
All these were pressed into a hard ball.
This valve is not to be confused with a solid "valve" used to
pick up radio signals. It was composed of these same materials,
added as an impurity to germanium. (Ibid., pp. 128, top of page
130, 135)
The other parts of the valve are: (Ibid., pp. 130-131)
(guote)
#135--metal envelope.
#136--Bismuth attached by fusing a portion of the surface of the
bismuth and applying it to the case.
#137--A piece of iron sulphide may be attached to the bismuth by
fusing, the said iron sulfide, however, being insulated from the
case 135 at the point 138.
#138--It is also advisable to use, at the points 138 between
136, 137, and 139, portions of germanium which has some very unique
properties in the function of the valve when used as a booster or
amplifier.
*Germanium compound mixture is the following materials:
bismuth, zinc sulfide, iron sulfide, radium, uranium, and thorium
(with possibly,
but
not necessarily, molybdenum
sulfide
OI
molybdenum metal used alone with germanium as its impurity), added
as impurities into germanium. (Ibid., pp. 128, 129, 130, 131, 133)
#140--Extending into the case
135 but insulated from it is a
metal pin 140, this pin being connected to the antenna lead-in and
carrying a
piece of
molybdenite
(molybdenum
sulphide, or
molybdenum metal combination of
alloy or molybdenum germanium alloy) .
#141--Molybdenum germanium alloy which contacts stone #139:
#142--A wire 142 connects the base of 135 with the various
26

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 381, "chars": 2397, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
hookups hereinafter mentioned.
#143--An aIm 143 extends through case 135 and furnishes a
support for the wire 142 while at the same time it is provided with
an upturned portion
having a nut 144 threaded thereon for the
purpose of securing a tight covered sealed plate over the otherwise
open mouth of the case 135.
#144--Upturned, threaded wire or bolt for keeping a tight lid on
the case.
(unquote)
Those parts fused to one another could be attached with sulfur.
(very likely taken from the writings of Gustav LeBon, EVOLUTION OF
MATTER)
Inside the Moray valve,
the stone 139 instantly ionizes the
enclosed
air (a gas), something that would not take place in a
vacuum. The alpha particles do this as they are given off, creating
many free electrons. The stone also glows under the bombardment of
alpha particles contained in it. Alpha particles cause zinc
sulfide to glow. (There are also negative beta particles and non-
Lon ized gamma rays given off. The other materlals the bismuth,
pyrite,
germanium
radioactivity inside the box. They become radioactive themselves,
adding to the overall power output.
Gamma rays are absorbed by bismuth, as used in Geiger counters.
Bismuth is also closely akin to polonium in its structure. In fact,
polonium is sometimes called active bismuth.
A11 the materials inside take an induced radioactivity, as well
as the cover walls themselves.
There are several metal sulfides
involved. These may act alone as radio detectors, and Moray claimed
they intercepted cosmic signals, too, amplifying electromagnetic
waves.
since this valve does not convert the signal to direct current,
as most single diodes do, but allows it
to alternate in both
directions as a full
wave rectifier. FoI
this reason, a positive
Charge or inversion
in the inconing signal can go through to the
naturally negative earth and return from the earth through the same
circuit--alternating.
Also, the free electrons produced in the detector can be drawn
off.
The condensers are filled by stroking the coil and when enough
current is built up, the small switch on top is closed, allowing
the current to
riginal pulse is then fed by the incoming power, and the exces
not necessary to keep the
machine
running is fed through a worl
circuit. The current runs back and
circuit. The use of many capacitors are all enhancements of the
basic,
simple
principle, and
can be
instructional purposes.
27

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 2931, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
distantzs
Nikola Tesla
Nikola Tesla's apparatus for the utilization of radiant energy,
U. S. patent number 685,957, dated November 5, 1901, uses the rays
of the sun or a roentgen tube (x-ray) falling on a
polished metal
surface to charge a condenser or capacitor. It has a ground wire
connected to earth. also p. 40 herein
Tesla also said: "There is no doubt that with the enormous
potentials obtainable
by the
use
of high frequencies
and oil
insulation, luminous discharges might be passed through many miles
of rarefied
air, and that,
by thus directing the energy of many
hundreds or thousands of
horse-power, motors
OF lamps might be
operated at considerable distances from stationary sources. But
such schemes are mentioned merely as possibilities. We shall have
no need to transmit power at all. Ere many generations pass,
machinery will be driven by a power obtainable at any point of the
universe. Ihis Idea is not novel. Men have been led to It long ago
by instinct or reason. It has been expressed In many ways, ard in
many places, in the history oi old and new. we find it in the
delightful myth of Antheus, who derives power from the earth; we
find it
among the subtile
speculations of one of your splendid
mathematicians, and in many hints and statements of thinkers of the
present time.
Throughout space there is energy. Is this energy
static or kinetic? If static, our hopes are in vain; if kinetic--
and this we know it is for certain--then it is a mere question of
time when men will succeed in attaching their machinery to the very
wheelwork of nature. Of all, living or dead, Crookes came nearest
to doing it. His radiometer will turn in the light of day and in
the darkness of night; it will turn everywhere there is heat, and
heat is everywhere.
But, unfortunately, this beautiful little
machine, while it goes down to posterity as the most interesting,
must likewise be put on record as the most inefficient machine ever
invented!
The preceding experiment is only one of many equally interesting
experiments which may be performed by the use of only one wire with
alternating currents of high potentials and frequency." (Lecture
before
International Electrical Engineers in February 1892, on
EXPERIMENTS
WITH ALTERNATE CURRENTS OF HIGH POTENTIAL AND
HIGH
FREQUENCY, P- 71)
The Source of Energy
Following is a series of document citations, and constitutes
speculation concerning the source or sources of electrical energy
used in the apparatus discussed above. They may be completely true
or only partly
true,
relevant or irrelevant to
the practical
procurement of free electrical energy. The frequencies may be above
or below those actually employed.
In the October 1980 issue of POPULAR SCIENCE MAGAZINE, P. 88t,
the article
"The Clock That Splits
Seconds--Into Trillionths"
discloses interesting phenomena of ionized gases. By means of
electromagnetic waves, hydrogen gas is ionized and received into a
28

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 467, "chars": 2924, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
quartz-glass chamber. As the disturbed atoms fall to a lower energy
level, they do so in lockstep precision and unison at such an exact
frequency
this clock
developed by
NASA
is more accurate than
caesium clocks. A coil located outside the chamber picks
up the
waves emitted as the atoms lose energy and conducts the pulses to
a computer-counter.
emit their electromagnetic
waves, they also emit some visible light:
"In the hydrogen maser, the swing of pendelums is replaced by
oscillations of hydrogen atoms...
The atomic oscillation-- the
modern equivalent of
a pendelum-- takes place in this chamber.
unstable in there...
atoms want
to get to the lower
state.' But for a fraction of a second, nothing happens. Then one
atom at random drops, like a marble rolling off the rim of a well,
into the lower state. The result is controlled pandemonium. The
fall of one atom sets off millions of other falıs.
'It's like an explosion or avalanche.... As the atoms change
theii states and give ofi energy, new atoms
enter the chamber to
take their place.... the atoms begin to oscillate, separately at
first
and then all together...
"To explain
why this
frequency develops, Reinhardt drew a
picture of a
small lake, its
surface dotted
with boats, each
carrying a spinning top. 'The top is the internal vibration of the
atom,' he said. 'The boat is the whole atom.' The energy of the
identically made tops aboard each boat sets up waves in the water.
'Every time the waves come along, the top tips a bit yielding
some energy to the wave. After a while, if the tops are all made
the
same, you get a steady sloshing
back and forth. Then you
measure the frequency of the wave at one end of the pond.' In the
hydrogen clock, a small coil at the top picks up the oscillation
and conveys it to an electronics package that counts the pulses and
tabs them up in seconds.... 1,420,405,751-and-a-fraction cycles,
one second....
SCIENCE DIGEST, August 1980, p. 88, gives the frequency of the
caesium clock as 9,192, 631, 770 cycles per second. That appears to
be a molecular frequency.
Air or any other gas enclosed in a tube with an ionizing
radioactive material emits at least two frequencies of energy. One
is visible light, and the other is an electromagnetic freguency
like the hydrogen gas above.
when cosmic particles
strike the gases of the
earth's
atmosphere, the gases so excited or so knocked out of eguilibrium
seek a lower energy state, losing their energy in lockstep unison:
"(p. 39) When energetic particles penetrate the atmosphere, they
lose energy in exciting and ionizing the atmosphere constituents.
I'ne secondary electrons produced by the primary lonizing collisions
cause further excitations and ionization. The excited ana lonızea
systens can take part in chemical reactions, some of which release
heat into the atmosphere. Direct heating by collisions also occure,
conseguence
that the
kinetic temperatures of the
29

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2941, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Minster
electrons, ions, and neutral particles may differ. The primary
particles may also lose energy through bremstrahlung, giving rise
to x-rays which can penetrate deeply into
the atmosphere
and
produce ionization at altitudes much below those at which the
primary particles are absorbed.
phenomena
encourages
The complexity of the resulting
the belief
auroral
interpreted in terms of penetrating particle streams.
"(p. 41) The major ions produced by the energetic electrons in
the E region
are N2t, Ot, and 02t (red band)...
Nt may also be
produced in significant amounts, attaining a rate between 10 and
20% of that of N2t... NOt ions (nitric oxide).
"(p.. 100) (..
•radio noise from the aurora is 32 Mc/sec...)
• "(p. 101) (...increase in noise at 500 Mc/sec. Radio noise and
dawn chorus perhaps caused by precipitating electrons...)" (AURAL
PHENOMENA by Martin Walt, pub. Stanford University Press, Stanford,
California 1965)
"(P. 106) Resonant frequencies and the buildup of a large
amplitude
occurs with structures both large and small. Ions in a
sodium
• chloride crystal
can be made
to oscillate
with large
amplitudes when the applied frequency (infrared radiation about 61
u. m.) is equal to the natural frequency of the ions...
"(p. 109) When white light is encident on a gas, or a liquid, or
a solid, such as HC1, we find that at a certain frequency in
the
infrared 8.652 × 10 to the fifteeth power Hz, absorption occurs....
"The
absorbed energy
re-radiated in all directions.
Absorption also occurs at
three times this
frequency, four times, etc., though each succeeding absorption is
weaker.
Similar absorption results are produced, at different
frequencies, for other diatomic molecules.
"Is this absorption of light similar
to the energy absorption
considered for the mass and spring system? With diatomic molecules
we can consider the two atoms to be at the ends of
a bond, rather
like two masses attached to the ends of
a spring. If light
is some
kind of oscillating electrical disturbance then it might drive the
atoms into oscillation.
"(p. 137) ....each little region of a luminous body, such as the
sun, a candle, or a burning coal, generates its own waves of which
that region is the center.
"(p. 177) ...Einstein Photochemical Equivalence Law. This states
that for primary photochemical reactions each quantum of energy Is
absorbed by a single molecule which is then changed chemically by
it.
"(p. 196) A bouncing ball comes to rest and the temperature of
the floor (and ball) Iises.
"* (p. 240) Alpha particles when they pick up stray electrons
become helium atoms, a gas.
"* (P. 253)
...electric charges are additive..
"* (P. 308) A charged capacitor will not
maintain its charge
indefinitely--the charge slowly leaks away. This is due to the ions
that are always present in normal air. These ions are in the main
produced by cosmic radiation. (PATTERNS IN PHYSICS by w. Bolton,
pub. McGraw-Hill, London 1974)
30

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 473, "chars": 2927, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"(P. 533) C. I. R. Wilson has recently devised a striking
experiment to show the presence of ions in dust free air which is
not exposed to any external ionizing agency.... These condensation
nuclei carry an electric charge,
and are apparantly similar in all
respects to the ions produced in gases by x-rays, or by the rays
from active substances.
"(p. 78) If an electron moves uniformly in a straight line with
constant
velocity, the magnetic field, which travels with it,
constant,
and there is no
radiation.
oi energy from
it by
If, however, its motion is hastened or retarded, the
magnetic field is altered, and'there results a loss of energy from
the electron in the form of electromagnetic radiation. The rate of
loss of energy from an accelerated electron was first calculated by
Larmor (Phil. Mag. 44, p. 593, 1897) and shown to be 2l to the 2nd
power over 3V times (acceleration), where & is the charge on the
electron in electromagnetic units,
and v the velocity of light.
"Any alteration in the velocity of a moving charge is thus
always accompanied by radiation of energy from it." (RADIO-ACTIVITY
by Ernest Rutherford, Cambridge At The University Press, England
1905)
"(p. 71) Thus pressure, temperature, electric potential, and
chemical composition are variable quantities, the values of which
serve to specify the state of a body, and in general the energy of
the body depends on the values of these and other variables.
"(p. 73) From this we may find that the heat required to raise
one gram of water from 3 degrees to 4 degrees centigrade is
42,000,000 ergs.
"We have also reason for believing that the minute particles of
a hot body are in a state of rapid agitation, that is to say, that
each particle is always moving very swiftly, but that the direction
of motion alters so often that it makes little sense or no progress
from one region to another.
"If this be the case, a part, and it may be a very large part,
of the energy of a hot body must be in the form of kinetic energy.
"...the most important fact is that energy may be measured in
the form of heat, and since every kind of energy may be converted
into heat, this
gives us one of the most convenient methods of
measuring it.
"(p. 144) It is a consequence of Maxwells electrodynamics that
that theory all energy has inertia. Ihe inertia of an electron
seens
to be all associated with
steady
kinetic energy
of
motion. The closeness of the
E 8 tv ò result thus carries the
conclusion that the inertia of an electron must all gravitate, and
in
fact
that
all
inertia
which
is
also
gravitative. Thus neither inertia
nor gravitation could continue to
be specified constants of matter: they must be connected up either
with the aether in which
matter subsists, or with the abstract
reference-frame of space-time which is all that can remain if such
a medium is denied." (MATTER AND MOTION, James CleIk Maxwell, Dover
Publications, Inc., New YOrK 1876)
31

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 422, "chars": 2929, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
-
"(author's preface) The progress which has been made during the
interval is quite comparable with that of the period 1899 to 1909,
when the application of the laws of gass ions and the discovery of
aadosphere opened a nes field or the testicks on of sea and the
electricity.
"(p. 3) This potential difference, measured with an electroscope
between the earth's surface and a point 1 metre above it, amounts,
on an average, to 100 to 300 volts, according to the season. Higher
points at say, 2, 3, or 4 metres above the earth's surface, have
potential differences of approximately two, three and four times
this amount.
"(p. 6) Thus J. Franck succeeded in showing that the mobility of
the negative ions in these (pure, noble gases, including nitrogen)
gases is about one hundred times that of the positive ions: while
in air, oxygen, carbon dioxide, etc., the negative ion moves only
about one and a half
times as
quickly as the positive ion. The
abnormally high mobility of the negative ion in nitrogen, which
points to abnormally small dimensions, is immediately reduced to
the usual small value by the admixture of the slightest traces of
another gas, e. g. oxygen.
"(p. 68) ...alpha 14,000 to 21,000 Km/sec., range 3 to 8.6 cm
creating 200,000 pairs of ions...
...beta 100,000 to 300,000
Km/sec... ...gamma 10 to the minus 9th power angstom units...
"(p. 116) From these observations Hess concluded that there must
exist a very penetrating radiation of
extra-terrestrial origin
which enters the atmosphere from
above, and even at the earth's
surface is responsible for part of the ionization observed in the
vessel.
"(p. 149) ...frequency of ultra-gamma rays 3.8 to 6.3 x 10 to
the minus 12 cm...
"(p. 172) ...ultra-gamma radiation discovered in 1912...
"(p. 196) ... atmospheric interference in wireless telegraphy and
telephony, and
its relation to the phenomena of atmospheric
electricity and meteorology.
"The "atmospherics" are usually divided into four groups:
1. Those which produce scratching noises
in the telephones
(grinders).
2. Those which produce sharp tapping and clicking noises.
3. Those which cause hissing sounds. (The foregoing are
purely atmospheric effects.)
4. Those which cause sudden uncontrollable variations of the
strength of reception (fading effect). (Last is interference
phenomena.)
"As to their cause little is known with certainty even now, in
spite of the large amounts of observations.
"Some only of the atmospherics are of
an oscillatory nature,
with vibration periods of a fraction of a second up to severai
seconds. Many are quite aperiodic, and on this account attempts to
dimminish interference
fIOM
this cause by very
• sharply-tuned
receiving circuits have only been partially successful.
"Atmospherics" are strongest in the summer months, and are
stronger by night than by day.
They are especially strong in
tropical latitudes, where in unfavourable circumstances it is often
32

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 471, "chars": 3110, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
necessary to use transmitting energies for news distribution six or
eight times greater than under favourable conditions of reception.
The interfering noises were particularly troublesome when spark
"(p. 196) Another class of atmospheric seems to arisé from
definite centres, particularly from extended mountain ranges. The
observation of the American polar explorer, DI. Donald McMillan, is
remarkable, in 1924, when he passed the auroral zone during a
vigorous auroral display, he could notice no interference in the
radio communication
with America. This must not, however, be
regarded as an indication that the electrical process of the aurora
borealis has no influence on electric waves.
on the other hand,
'such interference would be more definitely felt in places far away,
which received only waves which have been reflected in the region
of the auroral zone; alterations in the Heaviside layer in the
zenith of the receiving station are apparently of small importance
for the reception." (ELECTRICAL CONDUCTIVITY OF THE ATMOSPHERE AND
ITS GASES by Victor F. Hess, D. Van Nostrand Company, Eight warren
Street, N. Y. 1928)
"(p. 12) The properties of ions in the atmosphere have been
investigated by many workers, and it has been discovered that ions
constantly disappear by combination with ions of opposite sign of
are transformed into ions of different size by conbination with
uncharged particles. It thus becomes
evident that there must be
some mechanism for the production of ions. The most obvious agent
would seem to be the radioactive bodies in the earth itself, but
this would lead to the prediction that the conductivity of the air
would decrease as we rise above the earth. Measurements, first by
HES$ (1911) and KOLHORSTER (1913) have,
however, shown that on
rising above the earth, there is, in .
very considerable
increase of conductivity, which cannot be caused by effects
of
terrestrial origin. Further work established beyond any doubt the
existence of highly penetrating
the earth's
atmosphere from all directions
in space. These cosmic rays are
capable of reaching the earth's surface through the atmosphere and
even penetrating an appreciable distance into the earth, and thus
are an effective source of atmospheric ions at all levels, with the
ionization greater at greater altitudes. Another, less penetrating;
radiation reaches the earth's atmosphere from the sun; this makes
an important contribution to the ionization of the highest levels
of the atmosphere where the conducting layers are situated, but is
absorbed before reaching the lower layers.
ionization due to radioactivity in the earth: close to the earth,
and in the atmosphere
is important." (ATMOSPHERIC
ELECTRICITY by J. Alan Chalmers,
Pergamon Press, London 1957)
Nikola Tesla made some discoveries in his Colorado Springs
early 1900 which appear to be the
surges Moray alludes to. Some of the detectors and coherers Tesla
used are known. They were carefully constructed nickle and silver
granule coherers which were much more sensitive than normal ones
were. He also used point coherers of great sensitivity.
33

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 487, "chars": 3137, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
Alicient
Among his discoveries was that the earth sets up standing waves
whenever lightning strikes anywhere on earth. Ihe period oi those
waves was about once every one-half hour. The earth itself is more
resonant than a bell, because earthquakes cause it to vibrate every
twenty minutes for a month after an earthquake. Tesla predicted the
earth had three natural freguencies which have been found to be 8,
14, and 20 cycles per second.
8 12 24
But in addition to the standing waves of thunderstorms, Tesla
made some discoveries he only hinted at in various publications.
only the circumstances oi his discovery and some knowledge oi the
equipment he used would reveal what he found out:
"(P. 359) This work consumed a number of years, but I finally
vanquished all difficulties and succeeded in producing a machine
which, to explain its operation in plain language, resembles a pumg
in action, drawing electricity from the earth and driving it back
into the same
at an enormous rate, thus creating ripples or
disturbances which spreading through a wire, could be detected at
great distances by carefully attuned receiving circuits. In this
manner I was able to transmit to a distance, not only feeble
effects for purposes of signalling, but considerable amounts of
energy, and late discoveries I made convinced me that I shall
ultimately succeed in conveying power without wires, for industrial
purposes, with high economy, and to any distance, however great.
"(p. 360) I was alone in my laboratory at night; but at that
time the idea of these disturbances being intelligently controlled
signals did not yet present itself to me. The changes I noted were
taking place periodically, and with such a clear suggestion of
number and order that they were not traceable to any cause then
known to me. I was familiar, of course, with such
• electrical
disturbances as are produced by the sun, Aurora Borealis and earth
currents, and I was as sure as I could
be of any fact that these
variations were
to none of these causes. The nature of my
experiments precluded the possibility of the changes being produced
by atmospheric disturbances, as
has been rashly asserted by some.
"...absolute certitude as to the receipt and interchange of
messages
would be reached as soon as we could respond with the
number "foul, " say,
in reply to the signal "one,
two, three."
[Tesla thought the phenomenon was signals from another planet, at
first.]" (CURRENT OPINION, was CURRENT LITERATURE A
• Magazine of
Contemporary Literature, pub. Collier's weekly, March 1901, PP.
359, 360)
Moray leads his reader to conclude he received his energy from
the atmosphere as
the result of
cosmic phenomena,
although he
furnished more disinformation than real PIoof of it:
"(p. 45) The R. E. tubes receive this energy in surges which may
last only a few microseconds but the pressure and current in those
surges are so large that sufficient
energy is delivered to the
equipment in resonance as to be unlimited and usable in multiples
of flashes
and magnitude which will compete with the light of day.
"(p. 85) In the case of the R. E. device a diiierent ettect Is
34

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 491, "chars": 3029, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
established because the oscillations from the Universe, trapped by
the R. E. valve, continue to enter the circuit as waves of the sea
beat upon the shore.
"(p. 85) Cosmic rays are constantly creating radioactive carbon
Iusion of small atoms together to make larger ones gives
off more energy than so-called "splitting".... "Nuclear fission"
action is... taking place naturally on this earth, in the universe,
on the planets and suns.
"(P. 8) The aurora borealis is considered to be very definitely
electrical phenomenon
produced by
passage oi electric
charges through the rarefied gases of the higher atmosphere.
"(P. 10) Waves of energy have a regular beat note, coming and
going as the waves of the sea, but in a very definite mathematical
order, coming to the
earth from every direction with a definite
rythm that might be referred to as the Father of Time, the Sire of
Gravitation.
"(p. 13) When the internal energy of the atom exceeds that of
its normal state it is said to be excited. Kinetic energy is given
up when excitation causes rapidly moving particles to give up some
or all of their kinetic energy to the atom during collisions. The
return of an ionized atom to a state of lower energy is associated
with electromagnetic radiation.
'there can
"(p. 21) There can be no "production" of current electricity,
no kinetic energy if there is no disturbance of
equilibrium, that is to say change of potential of energy level.
When one thinks of the oxygen and nitrogen molecules of the air all
about us moving with the speed of bullets
and striking us and
everything with this speed, one can form some idea of the agitation
taking place in the universe. The oscillations of the universe are
part of this agitation. ...The process we are interested in is
through cosmic radiation..." (SEA OF ENERGY IN WHICH THE EARTH
FLOATS (Fourth Edition) by I. H. Moray)
In a letter to Robert I. Judd written by Harvey Fletcher,
October 17, 1927, Dr. Fletcher wrote in part:
"If I understand Mr. Morey's [sic] conception, he believes that
he is drawing energy from ether waves. This method of obtaining
energy from the air is quite different from the possibility
suggested in this clipping. It is possible, however, that the two
methods may be related. That is, some of the effects which he is
getting may possibly be due to the potential difference between the
earth and any point above the earth as described in this clipping.
However, as I told you when I was out there, this
effect
entirely too small to explain the results which he is getting."
Moray said that oscillatory energy action, be it a Leyden jar or
capacitor, natural
or man-made, acts
oscillations will continue until they have reached their cycle of
height and then there will be a back-rush,
returning to where the
oscillations originated.
Every oscillation, whether large or
small, is completed during the same
interval
of time. Waves of
energy have a regular beat note coming and going as the waves of
the sea, but in a very definite mathematical order ("numerical

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 446, "chars": 2731, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
lister nist
order" is probably more accurate), coming to the earth from every
direction in a definite rythm. #
He said kinetic energy is given up when excitation causes
rapidly moving particles to give up some Or all of their kinetic
energy to the atom during collisions,
as is happening all the time
in the universe. The return of an ionized atom to a state
of lower
energy is associated with electromagnetic radiation. Oscillations
of the universe are like a great pendelum swinging to and fro, one
continuous series of oscillations.
How the Machine Works Generally
One difficulty in reading Moray's work is trying to decide when
a phenomenon applies to the working or parts of his machine and
when it refers
to a naturally occurring phenomenon or
• inexact
referenc apart from the tubes or detector of his machine. It seems
certain that the machine was tuned to
narrow
band of
electromagnetic waves, since stepping close to it when slightly out
of tune caused capacitive interference which stopped its working.
In his letter addressed "To Whom It May Concern, " Chester Todd of
Salt Lake City wrote on March 19, 1971:
"I could turn the lights on and off by retreating to and from
the device either with my
whole body or my hand. If my memory is
clear, the machine had to be tuned with a dial to be placed in this
condition."
Mr. Todd also said there were forty 100-watt globes and an
electric iron powered by the machine. A switch on top was touched
by there state the
with an electro-static plate to start the machine, and the lights
burned cold except for
a hot spot off-center on
the top of each
bulb, about the size of a dime.
It seems an important point in thinking about the machine to
remember the frequency on the output or secondary side was some
fraction or multiple of the primary side. That would make the
machine
at
Lease in resonan
resonance with itself, harmonic resonance.
Nikola Tesla built his high frequency coils with the wire lengths
of their parts in multiples of each other, and claimed interesting
phenomena resulted therefrom.
Moray called the device "a high speed election oscillating
device, a high speed oscillating energy resonator, and a high speed
oscillating
atomic
turbine, " if not other names. He
meant
confuse
his listener, and he accomplished that. The operation of
the device, he said, depended on the
"capacity" of its modalities,
i. e. condensers, etc., regardless of the potential difference. Ine
earth and
an antenna
first served as his points of potential
difference, so it appears, and,
when employed, were necessary
to
its operation,
since disconnection
from either during operation
stopped the machine. Differing metals, or even batteries could be
used, too, or so it appears.
36

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 429, "chars": 2661, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
James Clerk Maxwell pointed out that electricity is not energy,
since it is everywhere, but only becomes so when a difference of
potential exists between two points, that is, an imbalance or lack
of equilibrium or equality of charge exists. Potential has the same
relationship
in electricity as
pressure has to fluids
in
hydrostatics:
"(p. 49) A conductor therefore cannot be in electrical
equilibrium unless every point in it has the same potential. This
potential is called the Potential of the Conductor.
"(p. 51) When two conductors
at different potentials are
connected by a thin conducting wire, the tendency oi electricity to
flow along the wire is measured by the difference oi the potentials
of the
two bodies.
"(p. 79) It will be shown at Art. 246 that in general when two
bodies of
different kinds are in contact, an electromotive force
acts
from one to the other surface of contact, so that when they
are in equilibrium the potential of the latter is higher than the
IOrMeI.
"(p. 174) A charged body placed in a field of electric force
cannot be in stable equilibrium.
"(p. 366) It appears from this that when two different metals
are in contact there is in general an electromotive force acting
from the one to the other, so as to make the potential of the one
exceed that of the other by a certain quantity. This is Volta's
theory of Contact Electricity."
(A TREATISE ON ELECTRICITY AND
MAGNETISM by James Clerk Maxwell, pub. At the Clarenden Press,
oxiord 1904)
It would appear, said Maxwell, that it is possible to aiter not
only the amount of free electricity in a body, but the amount of
combined electricity:
"The number of units of electricity required to saturate one
gramme of ordinary matter must be very great, because a gramme of
gold may be beaten out to an area of a square metre, and when in
this form may have a negative charge of at least 60,000 units of
electricity. In order to saturate the gold leaf when so charged;
this quantity of electric fluid must be communicated to it, so that
the whole quantity required to saturate it must be greater than
this." (Ibid., pp. 38-42)
A precursor to Moray, Gustave Le Bon, in his books THE EVOLUTION
OF MATTER
and
THE
stated that knocking
son te Bon said energy babe dered from fobtaintis necated on
a locality colder than ice, also that energy can be obtained from
a magnet by conceiving a method to knock its field out of magnetic
equilibrium.
Moray's machine most likely operates on collected and multiplied
naturally
occurring
small
imbalances, by
resistances in
overcoming
typical
electrical circuits.
He obscures
and overly
complicates the principle of its operation as Iollows:
37

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2755, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Brines ord
"The reason we have to "throw," figuratively speaking, this
energy out of balance to utilize these energies in the Cosmos, that
is, out of positive or negative balance, is to obtain what might be
termed an electrically neutral
might express
it,
"throw
the balance to its surroundings. One
energy out
of phase
surroundings." Another way to look at the same picture is to obtain
a perfect balance
a perfect resonance with
the
oscillations of the Universe as is possible, causing an unbalance
or excess of either positive or negative electricity in relation to
the surrounding material to be charged..." (Speech Given by I. H.
Moray:
January
23, 1962, Valley
Forge College, Northridge,
California, p. 4)
As mentioned before, he claimed the oscillator tubes had
• a
tremendous capacitance:
"...when the oscillators are connected in the circuit, the
condensers fill slowly, and the longer the current is applied to
charge them, the greater the charge they take... as in filling a
taking the charge
bucket by pouring water into it'is ordinarily the case with
practically
instantaneously as
condensers." (Ibid., p. 9)
Moray claimed in his book it was more important in the detector
and interceptor
circuits to maintain oscillatory action than
frequency stability:
"Throughout the years of research with Radiant Energy,
attention has been drawn to some of the phenomena of radio-active
substances and kindred efforts of research. All our research has
been in one main field, that is, rates of vibration, which has led
us to many interesting experiments and accomplishments. Not the
least of these
: has been the breeding of lighter as well as the
heavier materials by the bombardment of various isotopes with high
speed particles." (Ibid., P. 5)
Moray claimed the device was tuned like a musical instrument to
oscillate in harmony with the oscillations of the universe. He also
said an energy converter or transformer (R. E.) would be capable of
converting
the high frequency, high level energy of the cosmic
radiations into current of usable frequency and voltage. He called
the whole process of getting natural energy the "phenomenon of the
transducer combined with fission." He said he cut lines of force
with lines of force to produce electric energy. He also insisted he
had not invented a new source of energy, just a new way of getting
it, and that his were principles of ordinary physics.
What is an oscillator? In FREQUENCY CONVERSION by J. Thomson,
Wykeham Publications, London 1969,
p. 167, Mr. Thomson
• makes the
point that a laser without mirrors is an amplifier and a laser with
mirrors is an oscillator:
"Any oscillator is essentially a device which returns some of
the output from
• some sort of system back to the input, such that
38

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 361, "chars": 2391, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the return energy is in phase with the input energy."
ADVANCES IN PHYSICS, Vol. 29, No. 5, September/October 1980 is
a lengthy treatise
levels
of ionization
and accompanying
resonances. It makes the point that practically no experiments have
been done
on complete ionization, wherein all the electrons have
been knocked off gas atons, but does show how various ionization
levels in gases cause varying resonant frequencies:
"The influence of resonances on excitation cross-sections is
quite striking in ionic systens." (P. 799)
Rinenart And winston, Inc., N. Y.
CAS LASER ZECHNOLOGY by Douglas 1969clait, published by Holt,
15, makes the the
following
statement concerning gas ionization:
"In order to determine the gain coefficient for a gas, one must
choose a model for a gas atom. Any real gas atom has, of course,
many energy levels which in a gas discharge are continually being
excited by an enormous variety of processes. To attempt to consider
all the
levels or
all the excitation processes would result in
hopeless complication."
Conclusion
words,
electric
energy is derived
fron natural
imbalances by first finding those imbalances, or creating them, and
then attaching the right kind of machine to them. In the case under
discussion, losses from friction, heat, and resistance have to be
cut to negligible limits to detect, collect, and store seemingly
feeble currents and effects.
Frequency splitting,
step-down transformers,
push-pull
oscillators
circuits
and other such engineering questions
must
address the target imbalance to obtain electric power. The design
path meeting with the fewest inconsistencies in theory would seem
to be the right one. [Study Ocum's Razor logic, OI the law of
parsimony]
Other Atmospheric and Assorted Devices
Nikola Tesla said a device to obtain the feeble currents of
electricity from the air had to have a large suriace and many
points to
permit the electricity flowing from the ground to
disperse
itself into
the air which is normally an insulator,
although a leaky one.
1889 U. S. patent number 414, 945, A Method Of Utilizing Natural
Electric Energy, suggests standing an insulated pole high in the
air with a many-pointed crown on the top. The grounded wire also
has many points. Several such poles can be linked together to
increase the surface area and current strength.
The first radio signals ever sent through the air were powered
39

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2538, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
1
1
by atmospheric electricity obtained from
• a copper wire laced kite
flown by Mahlon Loomis in 1859. The kite was tethered with copper
wire
and
the broadcast was
sent 40 miles. (U. S. Patent No.
129,971, FATE MAGAZINE, March 1976, P. 634)
Nathan Stubblefield sent messages through the ground. He also
buried an earth battery near his home in Kentucky in the 1880s, and
derived enough electric current to power a small electric motor for
two months and six days, until he got tired of hearing it buzz, and
turned it off.
He also detected
a multiplicity of free energy
sources in the
earth,
air,
and water, just for the taking. (U. S.
patent No. 887,357,
FATE MAGAZINE, June 1957, p. 79+)
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN, April 20, 1901, p. 242, records an Italian
used a carbon granule coherer
to detect far-off
electrical disturbances from storms, much the same as Nikola Tesla
did in his Colorado Springs experiments.
Alfred M. Hubbard, in the 1900s, made a transformer which
ostensibly
received
electric
impulses from
sending
station, but may actually have used radium as its power source. His
picture appeared in the SEATTLE POST EXAMINER, Feb. 26, 1928 or/and
the Seattle POST INTELLIGENCER, December 17, 1919. (FATE MAGAZINE,
July 1956, p. 36) There are several books about his work circulated
by free energy societies.
U. S. patent number 329,724 is an
Electric Earth-Battery
designed in 1885 to give a theoretical unlimited amount of energy
to its user. Patent numbers 397,489
and 283,077 present means for
greatly extending the earth-battery's plate
life.
The Lester Hendershot device, which first received public
attention in the February 26, 1928 issue of the NEW YORK TIMES and
other newspapers of the times, was purported to be an exceptionally
powerful generator, having an output of 60 h.p. for 50 pounds of
equipment.
THE DESERET NEWS of Salt Lake City, January 3; 1981, mentions a
Larry Jamison of
Memphis, Tennessee,
who built an
"energizer"
suitable for powering cars
and not requiring external energy input
for long periods of time.
Nikola Tesla designed a crude radiant energy device, described
in patents 685,957 and 685,958,
SCIENCE AND MECHANICS, Spring 1980, p. 45t, carries the story o1
a permanent magnet motor invented by Howard Jonnson and granter
patent number
•4,151,431. It generates, as presently envisioned,
about ten horsepower.
Reinholt Roedenberg also designed a Charge Particle A. G.
Generator, V. S. Patent No der 148,339, which älthough of large
dimensions, is supposed to
energy from charged particles
40

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1382, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
coursing through its chambers.
general concept
This author has conceived a arkod here electricey ss to the
obtaining
atmosphere
patent number 414,943
There are many important U.
S. patents related to
energy
producing devices,
available with diligent
research.
A Previous Paper on the Moray Device about 1978
THINGS KNOWN ABOUT MORAY DEVICE
1. It had an antenna. Energy production was proportional to the
area of the antenna (not certain), but not critical within certain
bounds. The last machine had no antenna or ground wire.
The device had a ground which was soldered to a lead-in wire.
The ground had to be good, a cold water pipe for instance.
3. The detector had a delicately balanced part inside.
4.
The machine was changed in some
respects over time and
development,
which led to slightly different
descriptions by
ditterent witnesses.
The method of activating the machine appeared to be always the
same. Rubber and iron plates of an electrophorus were later used to
start it.
. when loads were quickly changed, enough power resided in th
nachine to cause it to begin working again without stroking agair
with a magnet.
7. The antenna was raised above the ground several feet. It worked
best that way.
8. The carry-around antenna ian parallel to the ground and was
usually 80 to 100 feet long. It was made of heavy copper wire. The
laboratory antenna was 200 feet long.
41
•

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2261, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
when the load maximum of the machine was reached, the lights
dimmed, but the machine continued to work.
10. The light bulbs lighted by the machine had a hot spot about the
size of a dime opposite the filament.
11. Wire size used by the machine was purported to be 50 gauge in
the internal circuitry. The machine operated cool.
12. The transformer was an air core transformer. (not sure)
13. Io start the machine, a coil of wire wrapped around two soft
iron poles was stroked with a u-shaped magnet, as one way to start
it. At the appropriate time, a switch on top was closed and the
lights of other loads on the machine were turned on.
14. The ground was a steel oI other metal Iod driven into the
ground.
15. Window glass plate is a conductor of the energy the machine
draws when made part of the antenna circuit.
16. Bumping the machine caused the delicately balanced "part" in
the detector to fall out of place and break the circuit in the
earlier machines.
17. The detector could be opened up and reassembled in open air,
and still operate. It was not a vacuum tube.
18. Moray placed great significance upon the behavior of alpha,
beta, and gamma rays in the field of a magnet.
19. One machine was described as containing: an antenna and lead-in
wire connected to the terminals of a switch. Iwo wooden boxes,
one
containing a high frequency transformer, were placed on a table.
The other box contained two sets of condensers--10 large ones in
one set, and 10 small ones in the other; two composition cylinders
about 1 1/2 inches in diameter by 4" long, weighing 3 or 4 ounces;.
a (detector) box approximately hemispherical in shape and 2" in
diameter and weighing about 2 ounces; and a coil of wire.
20. In 1929, detectors were
the names given
to crystals for
receiving radio signals. The word "valve" was applied to radio tube
diodes, but could be applied to detectors as well.
21. Moray seemed to have experimented with various crystals,
catalysts, and their reactions to light and heat energy.
22. "Radiant energy" was the name given by Bequerel and others to
energy cast out
from a singe source in whatever form. It was
commonly applied to all forms of electro-magnetic energy--light,
radio waves, and such.
23. The detector was not a vacuum tube.
42

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 2051, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
24. The detector amplified radio signals, and ostensibly cosmic
signals.
25. The
radio detector Moray made to pick
: uP Admiral
Bird's
broadcast from Antartica was a solid state device, different from
that used with his energy device.
26. Much of the material in THE SEA OF ENERGY IN WHICH THE EARTH
FLOATS is practically a copy of the works of Bequerel, Rutherford,
Le Bon, and others.
27. He stated that early pioneers of radioactive materials may not
have realized they were showing the way, and much could be learned
by taking up the experiments of Rutherford and others.
28. Moray states alpha particle emissions are the most significant
thing about radioactivity, since they render air inside a closed
container a conductor of electricity.
29. He claimed the astonishing demonstration of getting energy was
"a matter of ordinary physics." The energy is all about us.
Moray valve
was described as an approximately
hemispherical,
two-inches-in-diameter box,
fully
enclosed,
including a screw-on lid, such that it can be disassembled.
31. Germanium is used in the detector, as are other elements.
32. The oscillator tubes are "composition" material.
33. Sometimes Moray stood on a hard rubber mat while he started his
machine, to prevent being shocked. Hard rubber, unlike glass, is
hydrocarbon-based material.
34. Sulfides of different metals were used in his "valve." They
were originally used
in crystal radios as detectors.
35. The molybdenum and germanium metal mixture used in the valve is
for one application an
"alloy,"
and, in another," sulfides, and
heavy metals added as "impurities" to dope germanium.
36. Moray advocated the need to knock things out of equilibrium to
obtain energy.
37. He also said happenings in the laboratory were like the whole
universe, a gradual breaking down of matter into energy.
38. He likened his capacitors to buckets catching the surges of
energy from outer space.
He called his oscillator tubes "cold cathode" tubes, meaning
the cathode did not require external power to cause the emission of
electIons.

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2192, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
40. The machine most described by witnesses was housed in a wooden,
light-colored box. A switch on
• the top, and two soft iron poles
wrapped with wire, as well as the antenna and ground wires, and the
wires to the load were all that showed unless someone
• actually
looked inside. There are pictures of it.
41. Moray said his valve would operate a radio in some hookups with
batteries whatever. The same could be said of crystal radio
sets.
42. The valve would also work with two penlight batteries in some
hookups (circuit designs).
43. "Oscillation" means reversing current, or cycles.
44. He said frequency maintenance, not current, is important.
45. By proper design, a smaller force can control a larger force.
47. Reversing or alternating fields do not necessarily have to
create heat.
48. When antenna or ground lead-in wires were disconnected while
the machine was operating, a spark up to 6 inches long would leap
from the wire at the point of disconnection.
49. The light bulbs were connected to each other in "multiple" or
series. (not sure) Disconnecting one or screwing it out, to quickly
plug in a flat iron, broke the entire circuit. It may have been
both parallel and series connected.
50. When the flat iron was guickly changed, it broke the circuit,
but when the circuit was restored, without
"re-tuning" the lights
would remain off, then presently come on again by themselves.
51. The flat iron took "about five minutes" to heat up, 2 1/2
minutes on a later machine.
52. Moray talked about electricity having mass. He also compared
the energy to a great pendelum swinging across the universe.
53. Moray spoke of damped and undamped oscillations.
54. Induction furnaces use diodes and capacitors to create their
high frequencies. 600 v.,
60 kw, and 2200 cycles will melt metal
about 1 1/2" diameter. It will also melt shoestring eyes in shoes
close to the water cooled lines conducting the electricity. 600 v.,
75 kw, and 400, 000 cycles will melt metal powder.
55. Parroting
other
experimenters, Moray. repeated that when a
negatively charged wire is raised in the air above it, the charge
quickly dissipates, but the wire charge positively does not
discharge rapidly.
44

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 312, "chars": 2059, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
56. He claimed his latest machine produced 50 kw from 60 pounds of
29 tubes and other materials. He started it with a charge from a
Tubber and iron disk rubbed together.
57. He claimed the source he used and originally thought to be
static was discovered to be oscillatory in nature.
58. A metal sphere raised in the air attracts a positive charge on
the lower half and a negative charge on the top.
59. There are two lead-in wires, two oscillator tubes, two sets of
condensers, two poles protruding from the box. Such an arrangement
may suggest two polarities and possibly two steps in procuring
energy •
60. The capacitors in his 1925-1928 machine were normal, off-the-
shelf capacitors. One set was large, one small. The wire was also
common •
61. "The conical detector and cylinders called oscillator tubes
were the only components not commonly understood."
" 62. His last machine produced 50 kw and would emit a brush
discharge of 18 inches. The earlier machines emitted a 6" discharge
when antenna or ground disconnections were made.
63. Light produced by the bulbs was white and seemed to have less
ultraviolet and red rays in it.
64. Touching the finger across the contacts of the knife switch on
top of the machine when tuning it in would give a vigorous shock.
65. Removing the ground or antenna connection caused the lights to
go out, but they would come on again when the circuit was restored,
provided not too much time had elapsed.
Moray believed his original invention was in the tubes of the
machine. (pp. 146, 147)
67. The tubes of his latest machine would operate a radio to
produce static free music. -diodes, triodes, pentodes
68. Many features of the machine
appeared incidental, but were of
fundamental importance. (P. 151)
69. The internal circuits of the detector were fundamental electric
circuits not noticed, until pointed out. (p. 151)
70. A radio transforms electric waves into mechanical energy;
Moray's device transformed them into heat and light.
71. His radio was run by what he called his Moray germanium fission
valve.
45

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 263, "chars": 1708, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
72. Radioactive substances were employed in his machine, if not
originally, then later.
73. He was 17 years old when he first showed his device to his
74. Hard rubber and iion disks were the excitation source for his
last machine. (P. 171)
75. He talked of tapping the energy as being a matter of ordinary
physics.
76. "Tuning" the detector was part of his demonstration.
77. All his detectors for the cosmic machine would receive radio
signals.
78. He said he began experimenting with static electricity, as did
But Pron are outside the arch, and that i has hot brace, be
oscillatory in nature.
79. His last machine seemed to work properly with a load as small
a 1/4 watt on the output side of the circuit.
80. The early oscillator tubes could leak.
was operating
position, but would cause the latter to dim.
82. Small effects could be multiplied by making a device larger.
83. The energy could not necessarily be measured by conventional
means, but could be heard with a telephone receiver as clicks
initially.
Recap of Moray's Reasoning
Anyone who has studied Moray as much as this author, comes to
see patterns develop. The
author expended great energy to make
sense of the subject of this paper. Moray is everything but open
and honest about his work.
Frankly,
he is evasive and outright
deceitful, volunteering disinformation as readily as the truth
about his
activities. Occasional page numbers refer to SEA Of
ENERGY••. unless otherwise noted:
1.
He believed all things are vibrations, Inquencies of unlimited
variation; yet, all vibrations are harmonies of lower or higher
frequency.
Sound,
heat,
cold, light, or electricity are only
vibrations manifesting
themselves
upon a medium of reception.
46

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2413, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Because a dog hears sounds humans do not, does not make the sounds
unreal.
2.
Generators do not create electricity, but pump it. When power
is used,
the potential is simply lowered. Generating is done by
breaking lines of force.
3.
Nature has its means of electrical generation and man can copy
and improve on it.
4. By "oscillations kept alive by oscillations of the universe,"
one can generate electrical
energy without a mechanical prime
mover.
There
can be
no utilization of current or electricity
without an
interruption of equilibrium--no kinetic energy is
delivered
without à disturbance of equilibrium, or change of
potential or electrical level.
5.
when one thinks of molecules of air around us moving with the
speed of bullets, striking everything with force of excitation, one
can form some idea of the agitation taking place by oscillations of
the universe.
6. Radiant energy exists in and around the earth, and may have its
atinosphané
sources in the natural processes
and movements of the earth, its
atmosphere and elements in celestial bodies. It radiates from the
earth to other planets, too. It is the same source tapped by any
electrical generator. A generator uses a mechanical prime mover to
oppose magnetic lines of electrical force. The Moray method employs
an electrical oscillatory method to oppose oscillatory lines of
force. It is electromagnetic and no new source has been discovered,
only a different method of getting it. It is the pure unaltered
form of energy not changed by AC or DC generators.
7. Wave length and frequency must be differentiated.
8. It is the phenomenon of the transducer combined with fission.
Radiant energy means using energy released by fissionable reactions
taking place in the stars.
9.
The total energy of cosmic radlation is more than the entire
luminous output of all the
• stars and nebulae of the universe
combined. Unlimited power is delivered to everyone's doorstep.
10. The
Moray radiant energy device is a high speed electron
oscillating device.
11. Attractions and repulsions take place between electrified
odies, magnets, and circuits conveying eiectric currents. Larg
and apulei
masses
nav be set in motion in this manner to accuire kineti
energy through induced currents, although no visible connection
took place.
12. What disappears in one form, reappears in another. It existed
in the intervening space it passed through in the meantime.
47

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 2916, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
nitratin
13. The process of electrifying a conductor is therefore storing
energy in some way in or around the conductor in some medium. The
work is spent altering the state of medium. When discharged, the
medium returns to its original state.
14. Maxwell founded his theory of electricity and magnetism and
their distribution on surrounding medium.
15. Polarization means work has been done on a conductor and its
medium
to alter its
state. Consider the case
of a body
charged
alternately, positively and negatively in rapid succession. The
positive charge means a positive polarization of the medium, which anter
begins at the conductor and travels out through space. When the
grunting
body is discharged, the medium is once more set free and resumes
its former condition. The result of alternate charges of opposite
sign is that the medium at any point becomes polarized alternately
in opposite directions, while waves of opposite polarization are
propogated through space, each carrying energy derived from the
SOUICe
oI agent supplying the electrification. Here we have
a
periodic
disturbance of some kind
occuring
at each
point
accompanied by waves of energy traveling outwards from the
conductor. We know that
alternating
electric
charges
are
accompanied by corresponding changes of state or vibrations of the
medium, and if the charge be varied periodically and with suffient
rapıdity,
we have a vibration at
each point analogous
to,
and
perhaps identical to what occurs in the propogation of tight--
combination of
wave and particle
properties.
This
need
for
sufficient rapidity of alternation was confirmed by Professor
Hertz.
16. When a resilient substance Is subJected to strain and set Iree,
it may recover its
tormer state or
recoil elastically past its
position of equilibrium to oscillate. The same thing can happen to
a discharged capacitor. It can overrun itself and recoil until the
energy is dissipated. Electrical inertia is set up by synchronizing
the discharging capacitor oscillations of the device with those of
the universe
by means
•i prOpeI
impedence, reactance,
and
inductance
in the circuit.
slowly until the energy stored in
red in tien is Fadiated id Kinetie
energy through the device which
is kept operating
indefinitely by
resonant oscillations of the universe. Ihe greater the inductance,
the longer the current continues to flow once it is established by
a synchronized cosmic surge. Mathematically, the equation is the
same for electrical and mechanical phenomena. The rapidity of
oscillations is governed by quantity of capacity and inductance.
17. Air conducts electricity away from charged objects. Why doesn't
che earth lose its charge? The earth has a negative charge. Why
isn't it
conducted away into the atmosphere?
The
earth
ism a
generator.
18. Ionization increases the higher one is from the earth.
19. Every oscillation, great or small, is completed during the same
48

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2784, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
interval of time. Waves of energy have a regular beat note.
20. Energy is elastic and resilient, subject to displacement and
strain. Released, it will surge back and forth as the waves of the
sea until the original work done on it is used up. If internal
impedence
. is too great, its oscillation will be limited. Cutting
down resistance to a minimum,
with synchronous, resilient,
ionic action of the energy device with ionic actions of those
coming Irom without,
recovery will be quicker and quicker until
inertia asserts itself prolonging times of recovery, carrying the
recoil of energy beyond natural oscillation, thus prolonging the
synthetic oscillations by natural oscillations.
Harmonics set in
and the oscillations will continue as surgings with a definite beat
note. Energy is emitted from the stars in various wave lengths of
frequencies.
21. We see actions of the universe reflected in the constituents of
the smallest
atom--the same laws govern the stars that we see in
our laboratories. Matter seems to consist of energy charges which
probably effect the motion of heavenly bodies. Elements maintain
equilibrium by attractions and repulusions-- oscillations.
22. Radiant energy means proceeding from a center in straight lines
in
every direction.
* 23.
Atoms possess and absorb kinetic energy. Excited or ionized
rapidly positive or negative atoms
break lines of force as does an
electromagnetic generator. Kinetic
energy is given up when
excitation causes rapidly moving particles to give up some or all
of their energy during oscillations. Ionization can be on various
levels. Electromagnetic, cosmic radiation is our interest. The
greater the frequency, the higher the ionization or excitation.
24. Discover a dielectric (insulation or valve) for the universe's
and a means to
make a device oscillate with the energy of
the universe, and one has harnessed the energy of the universe. A
battery of
vibrating
produces 50
kw for 60 pounds of
instruments. The oscillations
may be said to be opposite
harmonies of the universe,
cutting lines of force of oscillations
by oscillations. It all adds up to the fundamentals of
electromagnetism.
There are tremendous energies coming to earth
from outer space-- the universe is alive with cosmic particles. The
frequency of the Moray device is lower on the secondary side than
on the primary, establishing almost complete resonance.
25. Vibrations exist as harmonics, like those of "Cs" on a piano.
All matter possesses a natural rate of vibration. Cosmic rays are
octaves above gamma rays.
26. Air conducts electricity at
night, just as in the dayi
therefore, the sun can not emit this energy.
27. The relation of energy to matter becomes the potential of the
universe, one continuous series of oscillations, swinging to and
49

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2689, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
fIo like a great pendelum across the universe.
28. A steady source of energy can be obtained, just like a steady
flow of water can be obtained from the waves of the sea. It can be
tapped as easily now as it will be in the future. Energy used in
our lights does not cease to be; it is only lowered in potential.
29. Electrons, neutrons, protons, photons, ions, etc. are the
energy of the
universe, dissociated here and there,
and by the
forces they generate become matter to our senses. These produce
changing stages of kinetic energy. They are produced by nature's
cyclotrons, and are deflected by the earth's poles to an extent.
30. The Moray device works equally well in deep mines, under water,
or on mountains, or in airplanes.
31. Iwo molecules
not in contact given opposite charges
• have
something akin to chenical affinity and cohesion. Opposite charges
between
two neighboring metallic
surfaces cannot
be maintained
electrostatically, but may be momentarily imparted by a sudden jerk
or disruptive discharge or receive electric impulses which effect
chemical
cohesion. Electrons in a
• polarized
atom need
disturbed greatly to produce
chemical
not
be
cohesion. Polarization
converts ordinary molecular force in cohesion into
incipient but
real chemical affinity equal to the inverse square.
'32. The principles of ionization are important [work copied from
someone else].
33.
Beta particles, particles from radioactive
substances,
fast
moving positive charges (protons, alpha particles), fast
ions,
ultraviolet light, x-rays, cosmic rays, chemical reactions, heat,
bombardment by fast electrons, incandescent metals, incandescent
surfaces
(salts,
phosphates,
oxides,
chlorides,
complex
metal
salts: sodium ions, potassium ions, barium ions), atomized liquids,
friction between solid particles, collisions of
free electIons, oI
electric fields ionize gases.
34. No new laws are claimed, just electrical generation ability
without the use of a prime mover.
35. The detector tubes have a synchronized pull with specially
developed oscillators of high faradic capacity and provide a means
through which oscillating energy may pass
to valve oscillators
whose
relation to the
first stage
valve
is such as to
permit
oscillations to come in from but not return to the outer circuit,
incorporating an automatic variable
: relation to the oscillations
Irom the universe, and capable of setting up within their circuits
initial
oscillations which coincide
with oscillations of the
universe.
36. In the detector and interceptor circuits, it becomes more
important to maintain oscillatory action than frequency stability.
The elationship of natural and
' forced vibration is particularly
50
i

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 426, "chars": 2850, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
important. A point of resonance will be reached at some frequency
and the
charge will Ieach
a magnitude depending on the immense
impressed force of the universe-- pure resonance.
37.
R. E. tubes were prevented from
becoming blocked in their
dissipation of charges created by oscillations that accumulated
based on the oscillatory-capacity, back-rush effect herein applied
to vacuum tubes. These tubes enlarge and prolong the time of charge
and discharge of the capacitors in the circuit to an appreciable
interval in perfect harmony with the natural energy wave through
the interceptor's valves and oscillators in the circuit, which set
up in the circuit electrical pulsations corresponding to the energy
waves captured by the interceptors and again kept from returning to
the second outer circuit by "multi-walled" valves. The final tubes
as energy pressure transmitters
means to prevent
shunting
condensation
by a
special
"getter."
condensation accumulating at the base of the tubes which would
block their ionic action.
38. The energy discharge band is "split" into lines of variation.
The oscillations are not simple oscillations but set up an action
like that of inertia, which continue once inertia sets in. The
oscillations vibrate during the same period of time regardless of
the potential, but the rate of vibration of the device depends on
the "capacity" of its parts (condensers, etc.).
39. When some substances are bombarded with alpha particles they
give off electrons. This principle is applied in
vacuum tubes.
Thomson gave a similar action the name Delta Rays. Is it possible
some "particle" fron the cosmos, even more penetrating than alpha
particles, would penetrate quartz or various substances, and set up
a decided ionic action?
one could possibly learn much from a
glorified "monochromator." Sodium, potassium, caesium, rubidium,
barium, strontium, react to visible light, of certain wavelengths.
Might not certain other substances react to oscillations from the
cosmos or artificially produced radiations?
40. The universe is analogous to a radio transmitting station
transmitting energy of varied wavelengths. Cosmic and
radiant
energy are synonymous.
41. Energy must be absorbed to be used, converted to heat, chemical
energy, mechanical energy, electrical
energy, and forms now unkown.
42. An ion consists of a negative electron and positive ion. These
attract each other. The charge is lost at a rate proportional to
the number of ions
plus velocity of attraction.
43. In some tubes electrons are emitted not from a filamentbut
indirectly
from a cathode which does
not
enter into the direct
electrical function of the tube. Does this teach us anything toward
an indirect generation of ions and ionic action? Could the opposite
deflection of alpha and beta rays and the undellectea course oI
gamma rays teach
us anything
51

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 407, "chars": 2666, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
!
oscillators? The more perfect the ionic action, the greater the
velocity, and the greater the mean
free path
and ionic energy
between
collisions,
the
greater
the
kinetic energy will be
conserved. Collisions will be "perfectly resilient."
44. Resonance has been obtained here where a return wire in an
electrical circuit is not necessary. Marching feet,
Junning dogs
and some harmonics come within the danger zone for bridges, as also
breaking water glasses. Every substance has a natural mechanical
resonance
and
point
dissociation.
This
also
applies
to
electrical energy. The radiant energy tubes receive surges which
last only a few micro-seconds, but the pressure and current are so
large sufficient energy is delivered to the equipment
as to be
unlimited and usable in multiples of flashes comparable to the
light of day. Energy emitted must return to its source.
45. Resonance and pressure amplify energy.
46. R. E. tubes possess greater ability to obtain saturation and
thus charge accompanying capacitors or condenșers
at a more steady
rate, which when a certain voltage is reached, ionization occurs in
the gases of the discharge tube and causes the condensers of the
valve circuit to discharge into other condensers of the oscillators
and components of the circuit (latest machine).
47. When ionization in the preceding tubes is no longer possible
because of reduced voltage, the process starts all over again. The
first valve passes vibration energy into an oscillatory circuit,
ionization sets in, a discharge occurs and energy passes through
another valve into
the oscillators. The process is repeated from
the first stage on to the second, to the third, and so on like a
bucket brigade. A steady flow of water can be obtained from waves
of the sea.
48. When a vibration of any kind strikes a boundary between two
media of different kinds at an angle of less than 90 degrees, a
transformation of vibratory rate takes place. Many phenomenon
…ọİ
certain frequencies are unexplained.
49. Many magnetic wave lengths and frequencies are emitted from
stars which can be tuned to; all x-rays, gamma rays, or cosmic rays
are complex and not of the same frequency.
50. Electrons in motion constitute an electric current.
51. Gravity is wattless energy until some force is exerted to
oppose its potential. Gravity can be controlled.
52. Dr. Le Bon noted matter is capable of dissociation. He had
reference to radioactive materials which make air a conductor of
electricity, passing through obstacles and being thrown off course
by a magnetic field, seen in all substances to some extent. J. J.
Thomson showed its verity in substances--clay, sand, and such.
52

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 321, "chars": 2282, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
53. Cosmic energy is the source of intra atomic energy. Matter is
a collosal reservoir of energy. Matter is stable; heat, light are
stable. weight,
equilibrium. Rapid
permanence,
ana form result from matter in
transformation of
equilibrium we call heat,
electricity, light.
When matter is disturbed,
considerable energies manifest
themselves. Excitents act like detectors, freeing energies greatly
in excess of the slight cause which liberated them.
55. Ultraviolet light causes electric charges to dissapate; finally
appeared the cathode ray.
56. Gases of oscillations of the universe have gone unappreciated.
57. Loss of electrical charges on metal through light has been
underestimated in importance.
58. Pre-conceived ideas of atomic energy and radioactivity barred
the tapping of energy from the cosmos.
59. Atoms of the universe are the capacitors of energy.
60. Cornu pointed out concentrating a charge of one coulomb on one
sphere against a like charged sphere would create a repulsion of 9
billion kilograms.
Any action
• capable of modifying the nature of a body is a
generator of electricity.
62. Electricity is a manifestation of the vibration of matter.
63. Rutherford and Curie discovered facts concerning radioactive
substances, radiations called alpha, beta, and gamma rays. Alpha
radiations
are positive ions; beta
radiations are identical
cathode rays, and gamma radiations are similar to x-rays. Did these
pioneers build better than they realized in showing the way?
64. Alpha particle deviation in a magnetic field is 1000 times
greater than that oi beta particles. They account for 99 percent of
radioactivity of radium.
tender air a conductor of
electricity. When a radioactive body is enclosed in a glass tube,
all the alpha particles are stopped by the glass walls but inside
those walls geat
take place because of their electrical
conducting ability. Radiun retains a temperature 3 to 4 degrees
centigrade above ambient.
65. The emission of alpha particles, positive ions, is together
with production of emanation (radon gas) the fundamental phenomenon
of radioactivity. When striking phosphorescent bodies the alpha
particles
render
luminous.
(pp. 76-81)
It could prove
profitable if these experiments
of Rutherford and his co-workers
were taken up again.

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2299, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
66. The velocities of ejection of radioactive particles
seem
incomprehensible when compared to small planetary systems animated
with
enormous
velocities. The
invisible speed of rotation of
elements would be transformed into speed of projection only by
proper
instruments.
67. All these rays upon touching gas cause secondary rays, but less
intense. These second rays are also subject to a magnetic field.
68. Although catalytic actions were known many years ago, it was
only in later years that they proved to play a preponderant part in
the
chemistry of living beings.(p. 82) In some reactions, it
appears
energy is transported from
the
catalyzing body to that
catalyzed.
69.
Combining materials
such
as pure substances-- various
sulphides, phosphates of line, which do not phosphoresce normally,
with bismuth, manganese, and
raising their temperature provokes
dissociation
of matter as they begin to phosphoresce.
70. Fussion and fission take place naturally all the time.
71. A cosmic energy device is a high speed oscillating energy
resonator.
72.
All space is saturated with energies which are vibrating in
their ultimate analysis and very closely allied to electrical
action.
73. High frequency currents are either damped or undamped.
74. Capacitors in the R. E. circuit discharge stored energy. with
negiligible resistance in the device, no energy is lost in heat and
the oscillations continue. Oscillations trapped by the R. E. device
continue to enter the circuit as waves of the sea beating on the
shore. The current starts from zero, rises to a maximum, then falls
to zero and becomes reversed after which it passes
of oscillations. The discharge there does not take place in a
single flow from one capacitor to another, but a back rush sets in,
and a series of currents or oscillations occur alternately in
opposite directions.
75. We have discovered the oscillation of the universe corresponds
depending on the frequency
76. The Moray device is tuned to oscillate in harmony with the
oscillations of the universe, just as musical instruments oscillate
together, all completed in the same cycle of time.
77.
Maxwell
stated the entire wave motion of the universe is
electro-magnetic. Thomson proved
the theory a fact.
78. Peak pulses of the Moray device spill over into the next stage
54

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 2122, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
through a special detector or valve which prevents the return or
feed-back of energy from surrounding circuits once it has been
"tuned."
79. The machine operates as long as It remains properly tuned and
the external circuit completed through a
. suitable load.
80. The special tubes which appear to be the key to the device are
ionic, cold-cathode tubes which require no external power sources.
81. Concerning the detector, see pages 126-139 of SEA OF ENERGY IN
WHICH THE EARTH FLOATS and
the foregoing paper herein (p.l6t)
82. The tubes and transformer did not seem to obey known laws. (PP.
146-147)
83. In his laboratory, Moray turned lead into gold, polonium,
radium F. (p. 9, RADIANT ENERGY)
84. T0o little work has been done with frequencies 10 to the fifth
and sixth powers A. V.
85. When oscillators are connected in the circuit, the condensers
fill slowly, and the longer the current is applied to charge them,
charge they take up to their maximum, much
as in
filling a bucket by pouring water into it, instead of filling it
instantaneously. (p. 8, RE)
86. Oscillations are picked up by neutron bombardment. (P. 8, RE)
87. These electric oscillations are not simple oscillations, but
surgings with a definite beat note.
88. In addition to possessing kinetic energy, an atom can absorb
energy or negative particles, as in breaking lines of force in the
modern electromagnetic generator. Kinetic energy is given off when
the collision results. The greater the frequency, the greater the
ionization. Matter is susceptible to motion.
89. Energy of sonic oscillations of the universe coming eventually
to the earth is called radio activity.
90. As in the reception of radio waves and radio active waves, so
In this the circuit is tuned (as of 1942), and by arrangement of
our own type oi special oscillators, frequencies are reduced so
inductances
and capacities
construction, to prevent the return of the power to the outer
circuit and
force it to go through the power application circuit.
(p. 17 RE)
91. Ionization is determined by gas pressure.
92. The energy coming in is elastic and is subject to displacements
55

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 380, "chars": 2386, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
and strains. When the strain is removed, the energy will surge back
and forth as
the waves of the sea and will continue to oscillate as
long as the internal impedence is kept within certain limitations,
and by synchronous
actions of the device with the
actions of the
universe recovery will be quicker and quicker until inertia asserts
itself. The condensers are filled
slowly like buckets until the
maximum charge is reached, instead of instantaneously like most
capacitors. (P. 17, RE)
93. Energy of this universe is made up of electrons, neutrons, and
ions.
94. Moray increased radioactivity of carnotite, uranium, and other
radioactive substances, including a combination of copper and lead.
95. Moray believes the surges of energy. come like waves of the sea,
a powerful first surge, which is followed by less porgrful and
surges which fade
to nothing,
Immediately. It was reported the surges follow the pattern "7."
96. Moray became aware of the surges by listening to the telephone
lines at night.
97. Nikola Tesla did not make known all his Colorado Springs
experiments.
98. In 1956, Moray claimed one of his units could be built for
$800. Mass production could educe that amount by half.
99. Moray began trying to take electricity from the ground in the
summer of 1909. By the fall of 1914, he
had sufficient power to
operate small electrical devices.
He had
the idea of
electric experiments based on those of Benjamin Franklin, but he
discovered the energy he sought was not static. He discovered in
1911 the energy was not coming out of the earth, but to the earth.
By this time,
he could light a 16-candle are light to about half
capacity. He was born Aug. 28, 1892. No more real progress was made
until 1925. At first, only enough energy to make a slight click in
a telephone receiver was obtained.
100. In 1925,
the largest instrument was about 8 inches in
dianeter, six
inches high,
and circular in shape. It could heat a
standard type C 100-watt G.E. 1amp.
101. Once operating, the machine will charge itself.
102. The last machine was driven over five hundred miles while it
operated
in the back seat of a
car, producing 50 kw of power.
Plugging in or unplugging loads to it did not effect the output.
103. Moray spoke of his latest machine as having a field around it
which acted like rubber bands stretched away from the machine and
flexed by outside particles.
56

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2128, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
104. One article described Moray's machine (about 1956) as having
• large inductances or coils about six inches by eight inches on
top. Also, on the machine was a bar of copper and a bar of silver,
both unexplained. (FATE MAGAZINE)
105. Some reports claim the smell of ozone accompanied the machine
while operating, suggesting a corona discharge.
Things Probably Irue about Moray' Device
1. Maxwell's laws of electormagnetic energy apply to the radiant
energy device.
2. The detector was a solid state component.
3.
The detector was a semi-conductor of sorts, using sulfides of
metals, germanium, and radioactive materials.
4. The source of power Moray tapped is of oscillatory nature.
5. The Moray valve was the "cosmic detector" in his machine. It
was new in that it had
no battery-driven
source to emit
elections, and by his own actions he protected it from observers,
while observers could look at and handle the rest of the components
in the machine.
6. The machine was started by filling some sort of condensers or
capacitors,
then shocking something with a sudden release of the
energy to start the machine, accompanied by closing a switch at the
right time in the circuit of the machine.
7.
If the detector had radioactive elements inside it (radium,
thorium, and uranium), it had a strong positive charge inside the
envelope of metal.
8.
If the
detector contained radioactive material, the other
components
: in the detector were rendered unstable by reason of
induced radioactivity which caused them to behave in a different
manner than before-- probably making them more sensitive to certain
cosmic and other frequencies when used together.
when sod together.
9. The detector probably intercepted a large band of frequencies.
10. Moray's refusal to let anyone see the detector, that is, feel
it, was motivated by fear it could be knocked out of adjustment by
'handling, plus he was jealous of it.
11. The detector was not a simple diode, but allowed energy to pass
in either direction.
12. The stone 139 in the Moray valve is probably not a semi-
conductor, but an amorphous mixture of materials pressed together.
57

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 319, "chars": 2042, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5 freet
Electrical energy that drives alpha particles about has a
positive charge.
Moray was interested in.
15. The oscillator tubes were probably hydrocarbon based
"composition, " since regular glass was a conductor at the frequency
Moray sought.
16. Moray stood on the hard mat during his demonstrations to avoid
electrical shock.
17. The envelope of the Moray valve was probably thin enough that
beta particles could escape through
the metal.
18. If elements absorb energy they emit, it seems reasonable that
the heavier radioactive elements would be used as detectors.
19. Moray probably compared the breaking down of radioactive matter
to the particles and energies coming to the earth from outer space.
20. The buckets were probably crystaline substances which store and
allow energy to be released slowly, capacitors which seemed to be
the only things in the machine capable of acting
as buckets or a
retaining wall to restrain the "sea of energy" coming to the earth.
It isn't likely the oscillator tubes contained the large amounts of
eneIgy.
probably had some other function-- to keep the
oscillations from dampening, or they were switches to permit
passage of the peaks of the surges.
21. In his latest machine, there
stages the energy went
through to be usable to the maximum. The two sets of capacitors in
the first machine could have denoted two-stage action of some kind
to produce greater current.
22. Perhaps because the earlier machine needed a good signal to
operate, it used a good ground.
• resistances in the light bulb filaments, flat irons,
motors,
and such were part of the oscillation circuit. In fact,
without a slight resistance, the machine would not work.
24. The cold cathode tubes allowed a field to build up before
switching took place.
25. Of the two sets of condensers, the smallest set probably kept
the machine going between
surges, while the large fed the load
circuit.
26. The tiny wires used inside the circuit of the machine probably
took advantage of the
"skin effect" in high frequency electricity.

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 415, "chars": 2698, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
27. The machine probably had a switching action which as quickly as
a field became positive, reversed it to permit or cause a negative
charge to remove the positive, so another positive charge could
fOIM.
28. Moray's confusing explanations about physics probably refer to
the principles that his detector and oscillation tubes operated on.
29. Since Moray was between 15 and
17 years old when he had his
first
machine operating
successfully,
although not
necessarily
efficiently, he probably did not use radioactive materials in it,
but more likely materials common to crystal radios of something
similar in his day.
30. The principle of Moray's machine's working was possibly the
principle of
attracting
positively
charged particles
•to
a
negatively charged wire, causing them to yield up their energies in
decelleration. An exchange was set up by oscillating or switching
the field in the wire, preventing positive charges from choking the
wire and neutralizing the field once and for all. The action on the
wire would be similar to waves coming in and leaving a shoreline.
Alpha
particles are attracted by a negative wire and repelled by a
positive field. The air above
is mostly positive and remains so
constantly
night.
It is ionized
neutralize itself or find a state of equilibrium. Particles coming
to the earth constantly add to and disturb this gas while imparting
to it a mostly positive charge. Metal of any kind struck with
radiant energy of any kind tends to give up electrons or negative
charges. Radioactive materials may simply be more responsive to
agitation than other metals,
as well as having the abilities in
themselves to ionize gases or other materials to decrease losses
due to excitation
which must
: take place before the bulk of the
energy becomes useful in another form. In other words, they absorb
less
energy, but other materials, although less efficient, will
work.
31. The first machines Moray made probably used the old style coil
tuning system.
32. One circuit in Moray's machine about 1925 to 1928 probably was
battery circuit
replaced by condensers
which activated the
oscillation circuit.
This
follows the patent description for
receiving weak signals, made by Nikola Tesla, in U. S. patents
985,953 to 985,957, November 5, 1901.
•One key point to keep in mind is that condensers nust be used
to detect such small currents, and while such currents may not be
measured by conventional means, they can be heard over sensitive
earphones.
Restistance in the oscillatory circuit must be kept to an
absolute minimum.
The capacitors must be normal, efficiently discharging
capacitors.
The other circuit acted as the overflow or charging circuit to
Iun the machine.
59

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 200, "chars": 1301, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The first set of capacitors, probably the smaller s
kept the machine operating. Capacitors are important to t
of the machine.
Quartz crystals(?) were probably the first detecto:
by Moray, and according to one report, the highest cu
picked up around the termination points of a crystal.
What Approaches to Take in Experimenting**
1. Duplicate the parts of the Moray valve, and submit
to amplifying radio signals.
If possible, get a copy of the original patent app
the valve.
See if there are any materials that amplify sigı
themselves, naturally.
Check to see if modern transistor components
certain applications in the valve.
Try submitting various crystal radio detectors, i
yrites, while In clIcult,
(cathode
rays) particles, or
(helium nuclei). It may cause amplification of the si
6. Build an oscillator to work on the low frequenci
energy.
Build an oscillator that responds to the moveme
alpha particles, beta particles, and gamma rays.
Compare
• the frequency of the klystron tubes u
electrons in a linear accelerator. That frequency mir
in obtaining cosmic frequency response.
9. See if it is possible to cut lines of energy v
energy to generate electric power.
10. String out a long wire for an antenna, and get a
Then experiment with a negatively charged wire hel
above the earth.
THE END
60
