{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T20:45:53Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 747852, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118810-lloyd-pye-et-human-skull.pdf", "source_sha256": "9198af768feadf3227b7298eff884794cd7819fbd3c5b7ae0aee44aa2f4576bf"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 505, "chars": 2841, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BAS
To:
(unknown), Dr_ET
From: INTERNET:
Date: 6/16/99,
11:44 AM
Re:
tuesday
INTERNET
Hope the flight went well and that you are happy and comfortable at home.
I really enjoyed the time we had and it looks like good and important things
will come out of your efforts here.
Following is a copy of a note for Jeff Rense and for you.
I wanted you to
Something for you and perhaps your science team?
you want to contact
let me know. he is in Denver for today staying
with a friend...
Otherwise, I can find him on the road...he
Will be in LA next.
You will be seeing
at the Mesquite ufo congress conf. this August.
copy of
note follows:
Also,
by coincidence (right...), I met
night.
is a wonderful heart and a
for the first time last
very
careful, logical person.
He started showing photos of this alien/human skull given to him for
examination and I stronaly 'felt' very clear things about the skull.
Immediately, I got
on the phone and she confirmed and went
further with info.
our take is (and Judy has
the most info here) that this
skull has alien origin....it is an alien-hybrid skull. That we got info
energetically. it is a very tragic story, by the way.
Physically, a lay person like me can readily see that this skull is way out
of the 'box' of homind
So you have more non-scientific testimony
worth nothing. However, you know]
•capabilities...this is a serious
matter. You may want to keep your ears open for DNA and Carbon 14 funding
sources so that Lloyd can get legit. and pure scientific information to
confirm or debunk this potential proof of ET existence.
In my view, this is
better than an ET mechanical artifact...it is biology and not a
manufacturable bit of metal, etc.
This was an evening of incredible events...someone in the room got
information about me and someone with me
that only 2 other people have been
able to percieve.
..and as a topper,
called in and I was able to talk to him
knew this was coming but didn't know how.
Confidentially,
Hilly has broadcast equipment being moved into his home so he can do the Art
Bell show. I suspect that Hilly will be the std. Bell replacement when Bell
is off....rumors go further as always.
There was another replacement they
tried out Fri night...he wasn't good..too bad..this other host has called
Judy right after he was contacted by Art to replace him last Friday.
man then exicitedly called and told her she was the first person he
thought of to put on the ail
The plan was to get Judy on Dreamland (we have
been waiting for three years), but looks like this guy washed out.. car
understand why.
So, three days later another door opens up on Art's show. P
month ago she told me not to try contacting Art, the show would be brought to
got this quote from Father last week. "I am speeding things up because
the stakes are higher now."
It has been a month of days lately.
1
