{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T13:59:47Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 509652, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118823-quantum-standing-waves-tom-bearden-2-23-03.pdf", "source_sha256": "05e047dda116ae5db5b65f442caf0f8a0d9676f5f5a4263a4de9a8bd63d062ae"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 471, "chars": 3063, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj:
RE: Quantum Standing Waves
Date:
2/23/2003 2:23:50 PM Faster Standard Time
From:
Reply-to:
aol.com
CC:
Steve,
The spin and spin flipping phenomenon is of course well-known in physics and
has been for a long time. It was just out of the mainstream of electrical
engineering, etc. But they were known and investigated by materials science
specialists. In the last decade or so these spin phenomena have received
dramatically increasing attention, e.g., in the newly emerged technology of
spintronics. Lots of gadgets these days are being made, using spins and
spin flipping. It's a really up and coming new technology.
The momentarily very powerful exchange forces that also emerge from spin
flips have been known for decades, but have just been a little obscure from
the mainstream. E.g., the exchange force (e.g., mentioned in Feynman's
three volumes) evoked in a permanent magnet assembly can be momentarily a
thousand or more times stronger than the magnetic field forces there. So if
one evokes a succession of such spin-flip-generated exchange forces in a
rotary permanent magnet device, it is perfectly permitted to self-rotate
with power, if there are enough of the exchange force firings and they are
at the proper place, time, and in the proper direction. Then the
integration of the linear force on the rotor does not integrate to zero
around the closed rotation path, and that is known as a "nonconservative
field" situation.
For the purely magnetic force resulting from attraction of unlike poles and
repulsion of like poles, the force is conservative; i.e., if you integrate
the propulsive effect of (F x distance x cos angle), it integrates to zero
NEl force, around any closed path. If there are extra asymmetrical
phenomena that occur in the closed path, however, this integration need not
result in a net zero, and there can indeed be a net propulsion. That is
called a "non conservative" field in that case.
Actually, nonconservative magnetic fields (such as in the case of
ultivalued potentials) arise naturally in the standard magnetic theory, bl
or many decades the exasperated theoreticians have considered this a bi
nuisance to be avoided at all costs! That's asymmetrical, and they are
taught to love symmetry. When you integrate the magnetic force around a
closed loop containing a multivalued potential, for example, the integration
is not zero, and so again one has NET rotation drive and thrust, even from
permanent magnet assemblies only, in both rotor and stator. In short, in
real systems one really can get nonconservative forces, and it isn't that
difficult for any modern lab. Yet the theorists have done everything
hualued sagnetic porail, thor argue avay and nat id of the hated
elds by sheer assumption and slight of hand, and deliberately discardir
le nonconservative fields that are quite possible and that do occur i
nature anyway. Anyone today considering just attraction and repulsion of
unlike and like magnetic poles only, is decades behind materials science
Sunday, February 23, 2003 CompuServe: DrSGreer
Page: 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 600, "chars": 3738, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
se.
CLOSE HOLD.
approach, e.g., for decades has been based on precise
control of the spins and their flipping, to freely evoke those exchange
forces in the rotation cycle where he wishes and when he wishes and in the
direction he wishes. One of his favorite tricks to confound visiting
Ph.D.'s used to be to show them a north pole attracting a north pole, then
ask them to explain it. One gets some interesting responses on that one!
One can find out instantly whether the fellow has any knowledge or
consideration of exchange forces, or is just following naive electrical
power engineering.
For years Howard did not have the precision machining necessary to do the
work to the proper tolerances, but had to painfully hand-cut the magnets
with a diamond saw, which is just not sufficiently precise. It's about like
trying to slice bread with a chain saw. So he just made build-up after
build-up until he got one that worked by sheer random variation. The magnets
for that one were promptly stolen by a mysterious break-in at his lab. Now
he finally has the precision machining needed, has developed much better
assemblies, and I strongly expect a Johnson rotary permanent magnet motor in
the immediate future. I have a nonexclusive license for manufacture,
production, and development of the motor when it is completed, and plan on
heading up there this coming weekend to check on progress, document the
progress, etc. When he gets it successfully working, I also plan to try to
arrange with him to come to you with my license (nonexclusive) to develop,
manufacture, and get it on the market if you are interested. The agreement
would have to be a bit peculiar, because my license is non exclusive. It
means that any improvement would have to be patented in Johnson's name,
under a noncircumvention clause, and of course royalties would have to be
paid to Johnson. He has other licensees as well, but almost all of them are
thinking North pole/South pole. Anyway, if you are interested I will let you
know on the progress as soon as I find out, etc. - all on close hold, of
course. END OF CLOSE HOLD.
The other things the engineer was saying are also already developed or well
along. The business of gathering in quantum mechanics and electrodynamics
to produce a unified field theory is done, and one of the best examples is
Sachs's theory. The advantage of Sachs's approach is that Evans and Vigier's
O(3) electrodynamics is a subset, and thus the O(3) electrodynamics can be
used to do unified field theory engineering. The disadvantage is that with
such high nonlinearity, most things require numerical methods — but today
that is not a problem, with the excellent training of young graduates and
with computers and programs like Mathematica. In the old days numerical
methods were anathema, but that is not true today. Indeed, Lorentz
arbitrarily regauged the Maxwell-Heaviside equations primarily to escape
having to use numerical methods nearly totally, and to be able to get closed
solutions by algebraic analysis.
He is correct in visualizing that these areas are subject to direct EM
engineering, when one has a higher group symmetry electrodynamics. I like
to express it as the "supersystem"
", where one has three components: (1) the
normal physical system and its interactions, (2) the local active vacuum and
its interactions, and (3) the local curvatures of spacetime and their
dynamics. All three components of the supersystem actually interact with
each other. Classical Maxwell-Heaviside theory assumes that the other two
parts of the supersystem are void; in short, that the local spacetime is
always flat (in theory one can't even have an EM wave in space with that
Sundav, Fabruary 23. 2003 ComnufArva: Drifiner
Pand

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 259, "chars": 1680, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
assumption!) and the local vacuum is inert. So the standard EE is out of
it, forever, as far as overunity systems are concemed. It does not allow
an active envronment that could be turmishing extra energy. You have to go
to quantum theory to even explain the common solar cell, which produces COP
= infinity even though its efficiency may be only 17%, in which case it
wastes 83% of all the energy the environment freely inputs to it.
All that split between the various disciplines changes when one utilizes a
higher group symmetry electrodynamics. Unfortunately, most of the
scientific community continues to insist on using a hoary old classical EM
escalating energy crisis, and the biospheric destruction continues. But
certain very powerful folks continue to rake in enormous profits annually,
worldwide.
The eerie thing is that the same tired old Maxwell-Heaviside theory
implicitly assumes that every EM field and EM potential, and every joule of
EM energy in the universe, is and has been freely created from nothing at
all by the associated source charges)! In all human history, there have
never been so great a number of profound though unwitting advocates of
forbidden perpetual working machines, as the conventional scientific
establishment in continuing to maintain and teach a model with such an
astounding assumption. To borrow a phrase from Tesla, it's an inexplicable
aberration of the scientific mind.
Best wishes,
-Original Message-
From: D
[mailto
Sent: Sunday, February 23, 2003 11:02 AM
Subject: Fwd: Quantum Standing Waves
What do you think of these concepts. Have you heard of this gentleman? Best
always, Steven
- Headers
Eradar, Entrina, as anno
Mean. a
