{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-15T03:30:25Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7212083, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118824-message-for-tom-bearden-11-3-04.pdf", "source_sha256": "e3a0b776be12f499e67c7fa71bb6c09a629513600b0b9369566b5e9711b02b97"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 707, "chars": 4408, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 5
Subj:
Date:
From:
To:
CC:
Fwd: RE: "Message for
11/3/2004 12:06:00 PM Eastern Standard Time
File
M5-12
Deal
Yes, I also share the same intense feelings about what is coming, particularly since I can do very
little about it if anything at all. The best I can do is lay it out there (done), and keep trying as hard as
I can to push the development of energy from the vacuum systems.
I use primarily the standard intelligence method of "indicators". One continually examines events,
and forms various theses based on what happens in these preliminary events. One also draws from
the database of intensely following these type developments for some 35 years. As things happen
further, each is filed under the thesis it would support, or in some cases it cannot differentiate
between two or more, so goes under all of them. Like a jigsaw puzzle, the real picture then slowly
emerges, sometimes requiring years to see it.
Also, various sources (who remain nameless) do contribute from time to time some very specific
information. Again, this goes under the appropriate headings. Over time, one gets strong clustering
of many indicators, where also a "past" connection exists. So then one is looking at a specific logical
development. When this "matching" becomes strong enough, with sufficient strong indicators, then
one has a high probability that the matching thesis is valid or is very, very close to what is really
going on. We used to let our intelligence analysts do this over the long haul. Today, with
computerization etc., the analyst either becomes geared to "quick analysis" (sometimes just
"snapshot" thinking) or gets shoved aside into a dead end. Technical gimmicks also took over much
of it; satellite photos etc., and the community let its HUMINT (human intelligence resources) fall into
disarray. The career rewards were with the "gimmick" approach.
The machinations that go on in U.S. high level agencies etc. are just too complex to go into, without
writing a book. Basically the big problem is at the 3rd level down from the top or so; that is where the
decisions, policies, etc. are actually implemented. Those doing the implementation acquire
enormous power and form mutually profitable cross-connections with corresponding levels in other
organizations (it's a lateral world, not vertical, particularly in the compartmented world). So the
"laterals" acquire lives of their own, and often an agenda of their own. It is also a wonderful
mechanism to enable and empower that 9 to 11 percent whose only focus is power, greed, and
control - and so some of these laterals do pursue their own agendas. Many things become "iron
policies" rather than intelligence analysis.
We refer to that 3rd level that pursues lateralization as the "entourage". Much of the entourage is
okay, and is just hard working decent folks trying to do a difficult job. By the bell-shaped distribution
curve, some 11% or so are the salt of the earth, and are doing a superb job to their very best. But
that lower 11% of the bell curve has no morals, seeks and exercises power and control, and also
acquires a life of its own for its own agenda. They "take care of the boss's needs" even if the boss
doesn't know he needs it. They shape the boss's information feed, and filter it to their own ends.
You've heard the old phrase "plausible deniability". Well, it cuts much deeper than that. A few of the
entourages acquire very detailed agendas of their own, even connecting with external agencies and
bad groups (witness the CIA connection to the Mafia in trying to assassinate Castro) and in a sense
their main effort is no longer dedicated to the will of the head of the organization or even to
supporting the duly elected government of the United States.
Now just such entourages (at about the third level down from the top) exist in all large and powerful
organizations - in religions, in government, in science, in industry, etc. Some of the science cartels
that result are (1) the hot fusion cartel, (2) the "big nuclear power plants by the hundreds" cartel
(mutual cartel between industry and science), (3) the loose cartel that serves various outside energy
cartels (DoE is beset with these), (4) the string theory cartel (no experiments at all), etc. The
National Academy of Science has a constitutional mission to advise the government - and you have
Wednesday, November 03, 2004 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 886, "chars": 5425, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 5
to be elected to the Academy! So why does it continue to propagate such a terribly flawed classical
electrodynamics and electrical engineering? The National Science Foundation does much of the
funding - and its internal entourages already shape and form and control the funding packages that
are made available. In short, they deliberately determine what research shall be funded, and what
shall be abandoned and resisted to the end. Isn't it ironic that these fellows continue to advocate an
electrical engineering model which assumes that every EM field, every EM potential, and every joule
of EM energy in the universe has been freely created from nothing at all, in total violation of the
conservation of energy law? How many have we heard protest that situation? Not one. Certain
things get "locked in"
even for more than a century. E.g., for a century "dirty old perpetual motion
nuts" has been the charge to anyone seeking to extract EM energy from space. Yet every charge
and dipole in the universe does it, as we've actually known since 1957 and the award of the Nobel
Prize to Lee and Yang for their prediction of broken symmetry. In short, due to broken symmetry
"something virtual has become observable" (quoting Nobelist Lee) and every charge and dipole
already continuously pours out real photons whose energy has been extracted from the seething
vacuum, reordered, integrated to observable size, and re-emitted as real, usable EM energy in a
continuous outrushing stream at light speed. So with incredible numbers of charges and dipolarities
in the universe gushing EM energy freely and continuously, why in God's name do we still have an
electrical energy crisis, and why in God's name are we still forcing the theoretical model into
invariance and Lorentz symmetry, and why in God's name are we still burning coal, oil, natural gas,
and building big nuclear power plants as glorified heaters to make steam for powering steam
turbines that turn the shaft of the generators?
It goes on, but you can see the point. Any powerful part of our society (or anyone else's either) is
beset by powerful entourages that acquire agendas of their own and thus shape and manipulate that
part. That's why we don't have the great medical science that researchers such as Priore and
Becker uncovered, and we are not going to if the entourages can help it. That's why the NIH has just
had to (for the first time) clamp down on its "regulators and overseers" accepting sweet, fat
personal advisory contracts etc. from the very "big pharmaceuticals" they are supposed to be
"directing" for the NIH's role. That's why some of the leading journals now require the scientists
writing the papers to specify their connections to outside industry. And nowadays, the really big
cartels also heavily condition the public via TV, advertising, etc. Technically we are the highest
propagandized people on earth, but it's done by the advertising industry, for the cartels who pay the
Although that's a very brief description, the impact of all that in all walks of our lives is what the
modern person has to struggle against, even to control his or her own thinking. The snotty attitude of
the cartels is that, well, just shape and control the information that is fed to them, and the peasants
will sop it up like the swine they are.
That is why we are inherently propagandized that we are "meat computers" - we are not. The
present entourages will not permit the survival of scientists who try to seriously and deeply study the
cellular regenerative and cellular control systems (which are electromagnetic, but using higher group
symmetry electrodynamics). My, if the scientists were allowed to adapt quantum field theory, which
has a novel kind of electrodynamics going on over on the time axis, in addition to what is going on in
space, the same scientists would soon discover that mind operations are electrodynamic but "time-
like" rather than "space-like". And they would discover that the unobservable time-polarized photon
over on the time axis, when coupled with the unobservable longitudinal photon in 3-space, becomes
an observable "spike" of scalar potential - - i.e., voltage. Voila! That scientist might then realize the
fundamental coupling mechanism for coupling temporal mind operation EM to spatial nervous
system EM, and realize why the brain and nervous system and synapses use all those "spiky
pulses". And gee, they might then even realize what the old Soviet psychoenergetics was all about
- not only about "affecting" the mind, but engineering it directly (and yes, even building one made to
order in its functioning). This is such a shock to the Western ansatz that the only way to
communicate it is to state it this way: When the Creator created life, the Creator also created the
process for creating life. The process is still there, and if one uses the right higher group symmetry
electrodynamics, one can in fact directly "make" a mind, tailor made to order. And yes, that has
already been done by the KGB/FSB, and that is one of the eerie threats that is being used against
us. Almost the entire U.S. government, science, and intel community grouping will simply not believe
it, and will not allow its study along those lines. Consequently we are highly vulnerable to the
technology (psychoenergetics) created by those who are using it against us.
Wednesday, November 03, 2004 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 858, "chars": 5303, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 3 of 5
It goes on, but the basic methodology is to build up the indicators, piece by piece, painstakingly over
decades. And don't make the mistake of assuming that the opponent's thinking complies with one's
own. Other national psychology and "ansatz" may be very, very different from our own. E.g., I have
a close colleague and longtime personal friend who commanded an engineer battalion in Vietnam.
His battalion built roads, bridges, etc. - to be able to supply our own forces, we had to build the
necessary roads etc. ourselves. So imagine a bulky, awkward force of bulldozers, cranes, and
heavy engineer equipment - about as defenseless an organization as could be put together -
having to build roads etc. in a large hostile area in which there were three VC divisions. Common
wisdom is that it would be impossible. Well, it wasn't. The North Vietnamese and Viet Cong saw that
this was a road-building battalion and not a combat security battalion, and they reasoned that "Hey,
we are going to really need and use those new roads after the Americans are gone." So the three
VC divisions actually became my friend's personal security forces, in a very strange way! They
actually assured that no one but no one bothered those engineers building "their" (the VC's) roads
for them. My friend was the safest man in all Vietnam, having three full divisions of "hostile" enemy
forces absolutely securing his battalion operations. So his guys worked in the open at night, with
lights, etc. driving bulldozers and road scrapers and dump trunks and cooperating cranes etc. in
perfect safety. No American army would ever have had such a thought; it's alien to our very ansatz
If the roles had been reversed, our own divisions would have immediately mopped up that "enemy"
engineer battalion trying to build roads.
The rest of it is a bit of chance. By being fairly public, often some unusual folks do come to see me
and give me some information. By having friends and colleagues in other parts of the earth, they
also watch and see what is happening there. By negotiating and making an agreement with Kawai
(who came to see us here in Huntsville), our colleagues experienced first hand the direct and
immediate suppression of that effort by the Japanese Yakuza, who also came calling. And then one
(particularly with the Aum Shinrikyo and the joint search for "Tesla" weapons by the Yakuza and
and one has the necessary background "outlook". Then from some very special
Japanese sources who oppose the Yakuza and have for years, one also receives some very
sensitive data indeed. The end result is that the real picture emerges, as mapped by all those
indicators.
Of course, if one's background is purely orthodox electrical engineering, then one is out of it to begin
with, because the strategic threat is not just a bunch of clever solid state electrical engineering
gadgets and techniques. Instead, it is rooted in a 3-pronged energetics weapons science that has
been being developed for more than 50 years.
One also has to know something about strategic planning and that process. For every major
strategic operations plan, there is also a corresponding strategic deception plan, designed to
specifically feed disinformation and throw one off the track. A large part of the psychoenergetics
deception plan deals with convincing our scientists that it is just Western parapsychology with a
small twist. It isn't that at all, of course, but our scientists swallowed that line of malarkey hook, line
and sinker. Similar deception plans were instituted, e.g., in the decades-long "microwave radiation"
of the U.S. Embassy in Moscow, eventually resulting in the deaths of three ambassadors, and
sickening of many personnel. The purpose was to see if we knew about and were using the internal
Whittaker structuring - i.e., "precursor engine" technology - ourselves. With a high level stimulus,
they forced a high-level response at the Embassy, and our folks showed them clearly that we had
not the foggiest notion of engines technology and therefore had no defenses against it. And mostly
that is still true to this day, as witness the total failure of the effort in 1998 of my colleague and I to
get the U.S. government to mount a crash development of a portable machine capable of effectively
treating mass casualties (when we have a million or three casualties from an anthrax spraying of a
large city area, e.g.). No one had the foggiest notion what we were talking about. That went against
the grain of all the entourages, who simply swatted it aside as if it did not exist. So to see what we
were talking about, just read my "Porthole Briefing" on the website.
Multiply many incidents like this, with some Japanese also risking their lives to get some vital
information to me, and you begin to see the process. It got very weird in the "robots" incidents of the
millennium - at the end of 1999 and first few days of 2000. There they actually struck me at my
computer, deliberately not quite killing me, knowing I would recognize what had happened and what
it was, and would immediately contact our folks. Then by the reactions, the "bad guys" could see
what if anything our folks knew about precursor EM robot systems. Of course they knew nothing,
Wednesday, November 03, 2004 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2541, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 4 of 5
and believed nothing. But we did our best, and we also notified a friendly little nation that did
understand precursor science and did have the necessary weaponry to handle the problem. Thus it
got handled in one of the most eerie wars ever fought, and it didn't make a ripple. Also, our folks
don't believe it to this day, and the entourages are simply not going to let the system react in that
arena, because it would shift much of the power away from them to new organizations and missions
that would be set up.
In the end, it seems to all be about primate dominance - who's going to be and keep on being the
big monkey.
So hopefully that shows just a bit of the process and what has to be done, etc. All we can do at this
point is try.
And no, I've not contacted anyone like Soros, etc. Simply watch Donald Trump's TV show. Powerful,
very wealthy folks have almost invariably been playing the entourage game for considerable time,
and even those with humane intent will still fiercely "forcefit" anything they fund. So I don't see very
much occurring in that arena. The result of such funding would be the setting up of an organization
with several levels. And bingo! That organization would already have its entourages from the getgo,
regardless of how strongly one tried to prevent it. Those entourages would then "lateralize" into
other organizations and groups at their entourage level, and one would eventually have the same
kind of thing that is now the problem.
So we just put out as much information as we can, ignore the heavy flak, and keep going. For me,
it's a bit different now anyway. My life got pretty simple after the heart attack, the year on antibiotics
to get the BW mycoplasma, and then my beloved wife's stroke and subsequent severe blood clot in
part of her heart. By the grace of God, the doctors saved her life, and managed to get the clot
dissolved. So my first priority is caring for her, which I will do first regardless of whether the country
goes down the tubes or not. Then with what little time I have, I'll try to write and get out as much as l
can, in those areas which hopefully can stimulate far better young scientists to get into it and get it
done.
So that is what I continue to do, as best I can. When all else fails, one throws the c-ration can at
them.
From:
Sent: Tuesday, November 02, 2004 6:38 PM
To:
Subject: Fwd: "Message for
Dear
I read as much of your website as I could absorb. I'm sorry you have gone through such infermity
Wednesday, November 03, 2004 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2135, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 5 of 5
and suffering. I also respect you for all of your in depth research, and your commitment to healing
technology and human life to the point of putting your own life on the line.
In your recent threat analysis paper, you painted a picture so grim and realistic that it served to
hasten my coming to grips with my mortality, the severe threat of the abrupt and horrific end of the
life I now enjoy, and the seeming certain death of the sacred lives of millions of people! It is barely
believable even if it is hard to argue with. It is just too horrific for most humans to contemplate. I
have contemplated it deeply and it put me through the classic stages of the grief process! I've seen
something like this coming for decades.
If you will indulge me please, 1 have many questions that I don't know if (for various reasons) you
can answer. The most recurrent one is how you could have such an aparently detailed knowledge
of the Yakusa's attack plans? Why would they let that info get out to anyone? A related question: is
it somehow observable to outsiders when these fiends use their technology in Yellowstone and/or
the hurracanes such as in how you stated there was some observable aspects in the Challenger
disaster? And where do you think their motivation comes from? World War Two? And are there
some aspects of US government that either knows of these plans and capacities and is letting it
happen and/or is trying to do something about it?
Another question: Is there any place on earth or plan of defense for isolated Americans (1 and my
wife are Americans in Oregon) where there would be any increased survival chances assuring the
"authorities" remain fast asleep- of which I have no doubt?
And finally, have you attempted to contact someone like
I to finance your vision?
I'm sure many of your readers have similar questions. Thai, without a doubt, was the most
disturbing and believable piece I have ever read!
Thank you for participating in my waking up to more deeply savoring our remaining days and all
of your tremendous work! Keen un the nand workl
Landara
Wednesday, November 03, 2004 CompuServe: DrSGreer
