{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T11:04:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 443297, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118839-quantum-standing-waves-tom-bearden.pdf", "source_sha256": "3d58f20d6d09e05c4926ec19bac81843849842601a3fbfc8e127aa298c24e73d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 466, "chars": 2785, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj: RE: Quantum Standing Waves
Date:
2/23/20036:57:16 PM Eastern Standard Time
From:
net
To:
CC:
P.S.
Steve,
In writing in some haste earlier on my way out the door, I hope it came
through that
insight is remarkable, because it is insight into
some very advanced physics not usually drawn together. It is also in areas
that are still recognized as some of the toughest problems in physics. So
Bugh's work shows him to be an electrical engineer with remarkable native
intuition and insight - far more than one will see in the usual electrical
engineer. I'm sure you're aware that most EEs simply never bother to even
consider such things or to question them. There are two ways of thinking:
(1) IN the model, and (2) OUTSIDE the model, where the "model" is the
proverbial "box" everyone uses in the buzz words, "thinking outside the
box". Too many of our engineers and scientists simply accept the model
(box) taught to them as being perfect, and then never question things deeply
again. In Bugh's case, he is not in that category (1), but is definitely in
category (2).
E.g., NOBODY knows what really creates the arrow of time. Like many others,
1 have proposed a tentative approach, but that does not mean it's proven or
even that it is necessarily correct. So Bugh's insight has to be very keen,
to lead him directly into these forefront areas. And he is quite correct
that ANY progress in these areas is very important indeed.
I've been working, e.g., on the arrow of time for some years, and it's a
very strange bear. Seems to involve several things that got "left out" or
"dropped along the wayside" accidentally. I put together a little of that
in the Energy from the Vacuum book, but much still needs doing.
Even the spins are still an area with controversy. When you come right down
to it, the nature of spin is still somewhat of a mystery. Most physicists
just apply the equations, and let the concept of spin take care of itself.
But to try to put into words what it really is, is very difficult and
probably doesn't even come out correct. Spin is also remarkable because, if
•
telling one that one's native 3-dimensional reasoning cannot get at 720
degrees of rotation between beginning state and retum to it. You spin all
dimensions by the same amount, and there you are back to the beginning in
like "4-spatial" rotation????? Something like spinning 360 degrees while
also "turning upside down", and then spinning another 360 degrees while one
"tums upside down again, to wind up back where one started." No one really
has a good handle on it, except just with equations.
I was struck that he BEGAN with considering the nature of time, probably
quite a few years ago. That's one of the toughest problems of all. The
Sundav. February 23.2003 CompuServe: DrSGreer
Pace: 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 181, "chars": 1136, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
very essence of thermodynamics, e.g., is up for grabs if one can manipulate
or affect that arrow of time. "Fluctuations"
; e.g., are a mental crutch to
cover the situation where the arrow of time momentarily "fluctuates" or
reverses, and instead producing positive entropy we momentarily have
negative entropy produced. So then we are faced with, "Why did it
Also, to go into spins and spin flipping on his own, shows a native
intuition and an instinct that hones in where the action really is.
These are areas that are forefront, and in which some real breakthroughs are
occurring and many more should occur in the future.
Just wanted to get that in, to let you know how I viewed the paper and the
keen insight of the author. Please encourage Mr. Bugh to continue thinking!
Really innovative thinking is a product in remarkably short supply these
days!
Best wishes,
—Original Messane
From:
mailto
Sent: Sunday, February 23, 2003 11:02 AM
To:
Co:
Subject: Fwd: Quantum Standing Waves
What do you think of these concepts. Have you heard of this gentleman? Best
always, Steven
Headers
Sundan Fahrare 92 JAn7 Pamnufaria: Arifirane
Danas 7

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 331, "chars": 2138, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=.=
Subj:
Date:
From:
Reply-to:
To:
RE: Quantum Standing Waves
2/23/2003 7:20:02 PM Eastern Standard Time
PPS.
One last comment: Actually, the setup to evoke the spin flips and exchange
forces where and when in the rotation cycle one wishes, and in the directior
one wishes, is a strange sort of legitimate "Maxwell's Demon". Such demons
can in fact be made, and that has now been proven experimentally.
E.g., if one places a symmetrical loop of very tiny nanowire conductor into
Brownian motion of ions (charges), one gets spurious voitages and currents
in the loop that average out to zero. No power there to be had. But if one
"flattens" one side of the loop a little bit, voila! The symmetrical side
acquires a DC voltage and current, and it "powers" the asymmetric flattened
side as an electrical load. So it TAKES controlled energy (consumes
positive entropy to make negative entropy) from the seething random Brownian
motion, then changes its form to perform work - some 10exp(-8) watts -
in the "load" — with the change in form of the energy being a dissipation
(positive entropy) back into the seething Browning motion "sea". Russian
scientists have quite a few papers and experiments now, proving that one
conclusively.
See, e.g., Alexey Nikulov, "Quantum Power Source",
" which I found on
http://www.chronos.msu.ru/EREPORTS/nickulov.htm. It contains the detailed
explanation, etc. and also additional references in the published
literature. This is really good scientific work. It appears that some
10exp8 of these could be placed on a surface about 1 om square, to provide
one watt of power for free. By multilayering the squares, one could build
up a little power supply of, say, 100 watts. It could sit there and power a
100 watt load continuousiy, with no problem. The work was supported by the
Russian Academy of Sciences, and is part of their program on "Low
Dimensional Quantum Structures".
Cheers,
-Original Message—
From:
[mail
Sent: Sunday, February 23, 2003 5:47 PM
Cci
Waves
Great explanation; appreciate the input. Best to you and
Thank You
your
wife, Steven
- Headers
Return-Path:
Grindan Fahrian, 27 20n
Para. 1
