{"created_utc": "2026-09-09T14:18:38Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 205068, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304113492926720, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118817-the-world-energy-crisis-in-perspective-thomas-bearden.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540657000000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/118817-the-world-energy-crisis-in-perspective-thomas-bearden.pdf", "source_sha256": "512cdd8e8c272303685e29cefba4a3cd6220c1ca37d2b4d5a9d873c2e7dad2e8"}

THE WORLD ENERGY CRISIS IN PERSPECTIVE:
         THE BREAKTHROUGH TECHNOLOGY THAT SOLVES IT QUICKLY

                                     © T. E. Bearden
                               Lt. Col., U.S. Army (Retired)
                                M.S. Nuclear Engineering

INTRODUCTION:

The seriousness of the world energy crisis demands the development of a breakthrough
new technology to solve it — and simultaneously to dramatically clean up the biospheric
pollution presently ongoing by most of our present rather "dirty" energy sources and
applications. The necessary technology is already spelled out and waiting; it just needs
doing with a determined scientific effort, well-staffed and well-funded. But it is a
PHYSICS problem, not an "electrical engineering" problem. Indeed, the first prerequisite
is to recognize the deliberate curtailment of the EE model that has brought on and
produced this crisis. We spell it out in this short synopsis paper.

We wish great success to anyone tackling this urgent problem, and we do salute all
serious efforts toward solving it, so long as they are properly oriented on PHYSICS and
not just still bound and shackled by the highly crippled electrical engineering. Tacklinq
the problem from the standard EE approach quarantees failure from the outset! Tacklinq
it from the known modem physics level guarantees success from the outset!

Our purpose is to inform the reader of some of the major barriers one faces in achieving
the breakthrough technology, because of the present horribly mutilated and crippled
state of the old electrical engineering (EE) model (from the 1880s. The EE (Heaviside-
Lorentz) model was deliberately maimed and mutilated in 1892 by Lorentz's further
modification of Heaviside's vector equations to deliberately symmetrize them. The
continued use and universal acceptance of this archaic and severely restricted EE model
is the unsuspected reason for the world energy crisis and much of the atmospheric
pollution by fueling our present energy sources.

Because of this unrecognized crippled state of our present electrical engineering (and
thus of our present electric power engineering), the usual "new energy" announcement
or effort is a sad joke, as is most of the present world's scientific policy on "solving"
energy-related matters. As a certified example, our own Department of Energy already
has operating COP = 200% to 700% experimental solar cells (see Klimov et al.) that
produce a freely amplified electron output current, using excess EM energy input
extracted directly from the local seething virtual state vacuum. This work has been
widely published in leading physics and nanocrystalline journals, and it has been
experimentally demonstrated and proven by two great U. S. National Laboratories. Thus
it has been solidly proven scientifically, forever. More on that later, including rigorous
scientific references.

Several outstanding inventors (particularly such as John Bedini) also have patented
energy and power systems (demonstration models) that prove the NEW PHYSICS
approach to electrical power, and totally validate its ability to solve the crisis. However,
for almost a century these inventors have been harassed, denied funding, denigrated,
and some have even been killed. The standard objection -- that free EM energy systems
are impossible — is based on the wide assumption that the sad old 1892 EE model is


                                             1
"perfect", and that it already covers everything that can be known about electrical power.
This is particularly ironic since adherence to the present grossly inadequate EE model
and practice is directly responsible for the world energy crisis in the first place)

In this informal summary, we will review what happened to develop electrical
engineering itself, and where and how it went wrong.

The present electrical engineering (and hence electric power) model was kluged
together decades before the advent of modern physics such as special and general
relativity, quantum mechanics, quantum field theory, gauge field theory, etc. and indeed
mostly before the discovery of the electron. In this paper we present some little-
recognized facts regarding electric power and EM energy. These facts are outside the
present archaic electrical engineering model and symmetrized technology, so they
require that a physicist (and preferably one who knows group theory and modem
quantum physics) look at them, not an electrical engineer whose curriculum does not
include group theory and whose model specifically excludes the exact Maxwellian
energy systems that are required to solve the problem.


1. NIKOLA TESLA HAD ALREADY DISCOVERED FREE ENERGY CIRCUITS
BEFORE ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING WAS EVEN BORN.

FIRST A LITTLE HISTORY:

Maxwell died in 1879, and very promptly persons such as Gibbs and Heaviside jumped
in and tore apart the hated quatemions, producing the far more limited vectors and
vector algebra itself. Tesla of course gave the world successful AC power, which could
be transmitted over mainlines for large distances, making it practical. But electrical
engineering was not yet born; instead, there were some three dozen or so PHYSICISTS
worldwide who also knew something of Maxwell's quaternion-like EM theory and model.
As AC power began, it became obvious that a new kind of engineer was needed -- one
who was trained on the new electromagnetic systems and who could perform the
necessary work in designing, emplacing, and maintaining these new power systems.
Thus arose the need for electrical engineering, leading to its deliberate formation and
being introduced into our universities.

In the early 1890s, the model to be used by the new "electrical engineering" was being
put together/determined by H. A. Lorentz, and initially he had tentatively selected the
simplified vector Heaviside model as the model to be utilized. We specifically note that
the original Heaviside vector theory is still ASYMMETRIC, even though simplified -- and
thus it still contains EM systems which can freely output more energy in their forward
EMF/MMF region to power their loads usefully, than they output into their back
EMF/MMF region to unwittingly destroy the free flow of energy (from the vacuum) in the
system itself. In short, Heaviside's original model still includes Maxwellian systems that
can output more energy in usefully powering the load than the operator has to input and
pay for. As we shall see, the operator does not furnish the energy to power the loads
and losses, but only to continually restore the source dipole inside the generator.

We further point out that a SYMMETRIC system, to which present EE is restricted does
not contain these asymmetric Maxwellian COP>1.0 systems that Heaviside's oriqinal
equations/model still contained.


                                            2
In 1892, the Heaviside vector electrical engineering (EE) mathematics model was
deliberately mutilated and horribly crippled by Lorentz -- by his deliberately altering the
equations to symmetrize them —just before the birth of EE itself in our universities. We
strongly stress: It is indeed possible to build asymmetric Maxwellian/Heaviside EM
circuits and systems that by definition can receive and use extra EM enerqy freely from
the active medium (the active vacuum). As a simplest possible example, every charge
and dipole is already such a "free energy system" freely absorbing energy from the
virtual state vacuum and radiating it continuously as real, observable EM energy. Shortly
we will cite the rigorous proof.

But first to put the history into perspective:

The early Physicist Nikola Tesla gave us AC power, the rotating magnetic field that made
modern AC motors and generators possible, and radio. Contrary to what is taught in
most of our texts, Marconi did not invent radio; instead, he stole it from Tesla's previous
work. Sir John Ambrose Fleming, noted English scientist who studied electricity and
magnetism under Maxwell and who was also an electrical advisor of the Edison Electric
Light Company of London from 1881 to 1891 or so, was also an advisor to the Marconi
Company from 1899. In 1901, e.g., Fleming was also advising Marconi in trying to
bypass Tesla's actual patents and prior art. [See Sungook Hong Wireless: From
Marconi's Black-Box to the Audion, MIT Press, 2001, p. 72. "In his letter to Marconi on
February 19, 1901, Fleming reassured him by saying that Tesla could not do anything,
and that 'if you can receive there (in America], you will establish priority". Marconi
followed this advice and obtained patents. When Marconi later tried to bring lawsuit
against the US Army Signal Corp and claim that their use of radio violated Marconi's
patent rights, Marconi lost the suit. Tesla had already demonstrated priority of art, and
this was specifically upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1943, shortly after Tesla's
death.

Further, in the late 1880s and early 1890s, the amazing Tesla had already discovered
self-powering "free energy from the vacuum" electrical systems and circuits (Tesla's
term for the vacuum was "the active medium"). Accordingly, Tesla was already briefing
leading technical groups -- such as the American Institute of Electrical Engineers -- that
humanity could freely obtain all the EM energy it wished and needed, freely and directly
from the active medium itself, without the consumption of any fuel at all. Here are some
direct quotes from Tesla:

   "Ere many generations pass, our machinery will be driven by a power obtainable at
any point in the universe. This idea is not novel.. We find it in the delightful myth of
Antheus, who derives power from the earth; we find it among the subtle speculations of
one of your splendid mathematicians... Throughout space there is energy. Is this energy
static or kinetic? If static our hopes am in vain; if kinetic — and this we know it is, for
certain — then it is a mere question of time when men will succeed in attaching their
machinery to the very wheelwork of nature."[Nikola Tesla, in a speech in New York to
the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, 1891. Quoted from back cover of his
biography, Margaret Cheney, Tesla: Man Out of Time, Simon and Schuster, 2001]. [Note
particularly that the very next year, 1892, Lorentz was elicited by J. P. Morgan's
scientists to deliberately alter the still-asymmetric Heaviside equations so that the new
Heaviside-Lorentz model was symmetric -- which meant that all such "Testa overunity
systems" were deliberately omitted from the new electrical engineering just being born.]


                                                 3
   "Electric power is everywhere present in unlimited quantities and can drive the world's
machinery without the need coal, oil, gas, or any other the common fue/s."[Nikola
                             of
                                                                 of


Tesla].

   "we have to evolve means for obtaining energy from stores which are forever
inexhaustible, to perfect methods which do not imply consumption and waste any  of


material whatever. I now feel sure that the realization that idea is not far off ...the
                                                       of


possibilities the development I refer to, namely, that the operation engines on
               of
                                                            of           of


any point the earth by the energy the medium..."[Nikola Tesla, during an address in
          of
                                       of


1897 commemorating his installation of generators at Niagara Falls.].

    'Whatever our resources primary energy may be in the future, we must, to be
                                  of


rational, obtain it without consumption any material "[Nikola Tesla, 1900].
                                            of


  For the riqorous mathematical proof that some of Tesla's actual patented circuits
could already do this, see T. W. Barrett, "Tesla's Nonlinear Oscillator-Shuttle-Circuit
