{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-08T02:17:44Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 20, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4074928, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118873-the-hydrogen-energy-the-novel-magnecular-species-of-hydrogen-and-oxygen-with-increased-specific-weight-and-energy-content.pdf", "source_sha256": "339a4c8e5bdb95343cf98f3737be850d46c020ea70a675005762ff5ffc85dd63"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 606, "chars": 4335, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Available online at www.sciencedirect.com
SCIENCE C
DIRECT.
PERGAMON
International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28(2003) 177-196
International Journal of
HYDROGEN
ENERGY
www.elsevier.com/locate/ijhydene
The novel magnecular species of hydrogen and oxygen with
increased specific weight and energy content
Ruggero Maria Santilli *
Dedicated to Amedeo Avogadro (1776-1856)
Abstract
In this paper we review the new chemical species of magnecules introduced in preceding works (see monograph, R.M.
Santilli, Foundations of hadronic chemistry with applications to new clean energies and fuels. Boston-Dordrecht-London:
Kluwer Academic Publisher, 2001 for a general review), which consist of individual atoms, radicals and ordinary molecules
bonded together into stable clusters under a new internal attractive force originating from the toroidal polarization of the orbitals
of atomic electrons under strong external magnetic fields. We then introduce, apparently for the first time, the hypothesis of new
chemical species of hydrogen, oxygen and other gases with magnecular structure called MagneHydrogen™
, MagneOxygen™
etc. or MagneH™
, MagneO™
, etc. for short (international patents pending). We then present the experimental evidence
according to which the latter gases possess specific weight and energy content greater than the corresponding values of the
same gases with conventional molecular structure. We show that the use of MagneH and MagneO in fuel cells implies: (1)
an increase of fuel cells voltage, power and efficiency; (2) a decrease of storage volumes; and (3) a significant decrease in
operating costs. The equipment for the industrial production of MagneH and MagneO is identified. We also study a particular
form of MagneH with specific weight of about 7 times that of the hydrogen which is particularly suited for use as fuel in
internal combustion engines, and show that such a new species implies: (i) the elimination of liquefaction of conventional
hydrogen as currently used by BMW, GM, and other car manufacturers; (ii) performance essentially equivalent to that of
the same engine when operating on gasoline; and (ili) the achievement of cost competitiveness of Magne with respect to
fossil fuels, of course, when produced in sufficiently large volumes. We also indicate that the liquefaction of MagneH and
MagneO is predicted to cost significantly less than ordinary gases (in view of a mutual attraction among magnetically polarized
magnecules which does not exist in conventional gases), and that their use as fuel for rocket propulsion is expected to imply
a significant increase of the payload, or a corresponding decrease of boosters weight. All the above advances are dependent
on the features of the selected equipment for the production of Magne and Magne (including electric power, pressure,
etc.), as well as the duration of the processing. The paper ends with the indication of other applications of the new chemical
species, the solicitation of independent experimental verifications, and the identification of new intriguing open problems.
© 2002 International Association for Hydrogen Energy. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Keywords: Magnecules; Magnehydrogen; Hadronic chemistry
1. Introduction
Hydrogen is emerging as one of the primary alterna-
tive fuels for the large scale replacement of gasoline and
other fossil fuels, including its use for internal combustion
engines, fuel cells, rocket propulsion and other applications.
* Tel.: +1-727-934-9593.
E-mail address: ibr@gte.net (R.M. Santilli).
URL: http://www.i-b-r.org
However, hydrogen is a fuel with the lowest specific weight
among all available fuels. In fact, hydrogen has a specific
weight of 2.016 atomic mass units (a.m.u.). By comparison,
gaseous hydrocarbons can have specific weight which are
a multiple of these values, as in the case of natural gas,
methane, acetylene and other gaseous fuels.
This low value of specific weight and the current high cost
for its production, have caused serious technological, logistic
and financial problems which have prevented hydrogen from
achieving a large scale replacements of fossil fuels until now.
0360-3199/02/$ 22.00 © 2002 International Association for Hydrogen Energy. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
PII: S0360-3199(02)00054-X

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 813, "chars": 5507, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
178
R.M. Santilli/ International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
Among the existing problems, we mention the following
MANAMAA
(1) The low specific density of hydrogen prevents its auto-
motive use in a compressed form because of the need
for excessively large storage requirements, as well as
seepage through containers walls. For instance, gasoline
contains about 115,000 British Thermal Units (BTU)
per American gallon (g) while hydrogen has an en-
ergy content of about 300 BTU per standard cubic foot
(scf). As a result, the gasoline gallon equivalent of hy-
drogen is given by 115, 000 BTU/300 BTU = 383 scf.
Therefore, the equivalent of a 20 g gasoline tank would
require 7660 scf of hydrogen which is a prohibitive vol-
ume for storage in an ordinary car.
(2) As proved by hydrogen fueled automobiles built by the
German automakers BMW, the American automaker
GM, and other car manufacturers, the achievement of
a sufficient range for ordinary automotive use requires
the liquefaction of hydrogen. By recalling that hydro-
gen liquifies at a temperature of -252.8°C close to
absolute zero degree, it is evident that the liquefaction
of hydrogen, its transportation in a liquified form and
the permanent storage of such a liquid state in a car
implies dramatic expenditures. It then follows that the
current automotive use of hydrogen is excessively more
expensive than gasoline.
(3) The automotive use of hydrogen implies a loss of about
35% of the power of the same engine when operated
with gasoline, as established by available hydrogen
powered cars. This is evidently due to the low energy
content of hydrogen, with consequential combustion of
more moles to reach the same performance as that with
gasoline.
(4) In view of the above, the automotive use of hydrogen
produced from regenerating methods implies an oxy-
gen depletion greater than that caused by the combus-
tion of fossil fuels for the same power and performance,
where "oxygen depletion" has been introduced by this
author to characterize the permanent removal of breath-
able oxygen from our atmosphere [I]. This oxygen
depletion persists when hydrogen is produced via elec-
trolytic separation of water and the use of electricity
from fossil fuel powered plants. Said oxygen depletion is
absent only when hydrogen is produced via the elec-
trolytic separation of water and the use of electricity
produced via solar, hydro and other methods not requir-
ing atmospheric oxygen.
(5) The automotive use of liquid hydrogen is dangerous
because of the possible transition of state from liquid
to gas in the event of a malfunction of the cryogenic
equipment or other reasons.
The use of hydrogen in fuel cells is afflicted by similar
problems which are inherent in the low specific weight of
conventional hydrogen.
SAAA
Fig. 1. A schematic view of the isochemical model of the hydro-
gen molecule, here represented at absolute zero degree tempera-
ture without any rotation, which was introduced by Santilli and
Shillady in Ref. [2] (see [5] for a comprehensive review). The main
assumption is that, when at short distances of the order of the size
of their wavepackets (10-13 cm = 1 fm) and in singlet coupling,
electrons experience a new strongly attractive valence force result-
ing in a quasi-particle state called isoelectronium. The most stable
orbit then results to be oo-shaped with each o-branch distributed
around each nucleus, thus having opposing rotations, a feature of
fundamental character for the new chemical species of hydrogen
introduced in this paper. Needless to say, the deep correlation-bond
of two valence electrons into the isoelectronium is not a permanent
bound state, but has a finite meanlife depending on the considered
molecule, its excitation state, and other factors studied'in Ref. [S].
In this paper we introduce, apparently for the first time,
a new chemical species of hydrogen as well as oxygen
and other gases which alleviates, if not resolves the above
problems due to their increased specific weight and energy
The studies underlying the proposed new chemical species
can be summarized as follows. In Refs. [2,3] (see also
the comprehensive review in monograph [51) R.M. Santilli
and D.D. Shillady introduced the isochemical model of the
hydrogen, water and other molecules (Figs. 1 and 2) which
permitted the achievement, apparently for the first time in
chemistry, of a numerical representation of binding energies,
electric and magnetic moments, as well as other molecu-
lar features exact to the desired digit. The new models also
achieve the first restriction of valence correlations to elec-
tron pairs, as established experimentally, exhibits pertur-
bative series converging dramatically faster than those of
quantum chemistry (with consequential major reduction of
computer time), and resolve other vexing problems of cur-
rent molecular chemistry (see [5] for details).
These results were achieved by assuming that two valence
electrons couple themselves into a singlet state at short dis-
tances, called isoelectronium, with a new, strongly attractive
force due to the deep overlapping of the electron wavepack-
ets. The new strong valence force results to be nonlinear
(in the wavefunctions), nonlocal (e.g., of integral type) and
nonpotential (e.g. of contact zero-range type). Also, the new
force can be thought as the previously missing molecular
equivalent of the nuclear strong interactions (the evident
understanding is that the use of the word "strong" referring

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 669, "chars": 4781, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
R. M. Santilli/ International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
179
and chemistry and are reviewed in detail in monograph
[5].
Hadronic chemistry is based on the lifting of the basic unit,
from its simple value I=+1 currently used in chemistry (and
dating back to biblical times) to the most general possible
integro-differential operator of hermitian or nonhermitian,
single-valued or multi-valued character, with corresponding
lifting of all possible conventional associative products AXB
among generic quantities A, B (such as numbers, functions,
operators, etc.)
1=+1→1=1(t,r, p, 4ôx...) = 1/Î,
AX B-AXB=A× T×B,
105°
AAAAAL
Fig. 2. A schematic view of the isochemical model of the water
molecule, here represented at absolute zero degrees temperature
without any rotation, which was submitted by Santilli and Shillady
in Ref. [3] (see monograph [5] for a comprehensive review and
enlargement). The main assumption is that the bond in each rad-
ical HO and OH is characterized by a new strong valence force
originating in the deep correlation of valence electron pairs in sin-
glet coupling at short distances, called isoelectronium. Note that
the distribution of the electron orbits in each radical HO and OH
is perpendicular to the molecular plane HOH, as experimentally
established, a feature also of fundamental relevance for this paper.
to electrons has no connection with the "strong interac-
tions" in hadron physics). The strong nature of the new va-
lence force then permits an essentially exact representation
of binding energies and other molecular features: By com-
parison, the exact use of quantum axioms still misses 2% of
binding energies, with much greater departures from exper-
imental data (at times even in the sign) regarding electric
and magnetic moments, and other molecular features.
Being nonlinear, nonlocal and nonpotential, the new
strong valence force cannot be represented with the Hamil-
tonian alone, thus requiring at least one second operator.
As such, the new strong valence force is outside any dream
of scientific treatment via conventional quantum mechanics
and chemistry, since the latter are strictly linear, local and
potential (i.e., the systems are entirely described by a linear,
local, and differential Hamiltonian). In view of these limi-
tations, new mathematical, physical and chemical theories
had to be worked out for the invariant treatment of the new
strong valence force. These new formulations are known
under the name of hadronic mechanics, superconductivity
IXA=AXI=A→ÎxA=AXÍ=A
(1.1)
with corresponding liftings of the entire mathemati-
cal and physical structure of conventional theories. All
conventional linear, local and potential effects are rep-
resented with the usual Hamiltonian, while all nonlin-
ear, nonlocal and nonpotential eflects are represented
with the generalized unit Î. Consequently, hadronic
chemistry has various branches, called iso-, geno- and
hyper-chemistry which are characterized, correspondingly,
by single-valued hermitian, single-valued-nonhermitian,
and multi-valued-nonhermitian generalized units. These
branches are used for the invariant treatment, respectively,
of closed-isolated systems with nonhamiltonian inter-
nal effects, open-irreversible systems, and irreversible
multi-valued biological structures (see Ref. [5] for a gen-
eral review of hadronic chemistry and its main background
references).
This paper deals with molecular structures considered as
isolated from the rest of the universe. As a result, the applica-
ble branch of hadronic chemistry is isochemistry. The back-
ground structure model of the hydrogen and water molecule
are, therefore, those of Figs. I and 2. The new chemical
species of hydrogen, oxygen and other gases presented in
this paper are another development permitted by the novel
isochemistry.
Note, in particular, that a strong correlation-bond of
valence electron pairs into the isoelectronium implies that
the molecular orbit is oo-shaped with each o-branch dis-
tributed around each nucleus (Fig. 1). A property of funda-
mental character for the new chemical species of hydrogen
and oxygen, is that the directions of rotation of coupled
valence pairs around the respective two nuclei are opposite
to each other. This feature is mandatory for a scientifi-
cally credible structure model of the hydrogen because the
assumption of orbits encompassing the two nuclei, in addi-
tion to serious instabilities, would imply the possibility of a
magnetic polarization of the hydrogen, as discussed in more
detail later on, which prediction is dramatically disproved by
experimental evidence since the hydrogen is diamagnetic.
By comparison, such a diamagnetic character is easily
recovered for the isochemical structure of Fig. I because a

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 735, "chars": 4963, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
180
R.M. Santilli/ International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
magnetic polarization would yield opposing magnetic po-
larities in the two atoms which cancel out when inspected at
large distance due to the very small inter-atomic distances.
The reader should also note that our study is based
on semiclassical orbits because of their conceptual eflec-
tiveness particularly during the intuitional phase, with the
understanding that a more rigorous treatment is that in
terms of orbitals as conventionally understood in chemistry
(probability distributions). The use of semiclassical orbits
is also preferred to indicate that the new species of hydro-
gen, oxygen and other gases presented in this paper have
a purely physical, rather than chemical, origin. Needless to
say, all notions introduced in this papers in terms of orbits
have a simple extension to the corresponding notions in
terms of orbitals, which extension is left to the interested
reader for brevity.
Note finally that the presentation of this paper has been
limited to that at a semiclassical level for clarity of the basic
notions and results. The reformulation in terms of the new
isomathematics for first and second quantization yields no
new results and it is left to the interested reader.
N
2. The new chemical species of Santilli magnecules
A scientific notion of basic importance for this paper is the
new chemical species of electromagnecules which was first
submitted by this author in paper [4] of 1998 and then pre-
sented in a comprehensive form in the recent monograph [5].
Electromagnecules are clusters generally composed of
individual atoms, parts of conventional molecules (called
radicals or dimers) and ordinary molecules under a new
internal bond originating from the electric and magnetic
polarizations of the orbits of at least some peripheral atomic
electrons. Due to the dominance of magnetic over electric
polarizations indicated below, electromagnecules are gener-
ally called Santilli magnecules.
The basic notion underlying magnecules is a property well
known in atomic physics (see, e.g., Ref. [6I), according to
which, when an atom is exposed to a sufficiently strong ex-
ternal magnetic field, the orbits of its peripheral electrons
cannot be freely distributed in all space directions, and must
acquire a toroidal distribution with consequential creation
of a new magnetic dipole moment North-South caused by
the rotation of the electron charges in said toroid. Such a
dipole is evidently aligned along the symmetry axes of the
toroidal distribution in such a way to have magnetic polari-
ties opposite to the external ones, as illustrated in Fig. 3.
It should be noted that the magnetic polarization of an
atom also implies the polarization of the intrinsic magnetic
moments of electrons and of nuclei, as illustrated in Fig. I.
As a result; the magnetic bond between polarized atoms is
actually composed of three parallel attractive forces among
opposite polarities.
Atoms, radicals or molecules with toroidal polarization
of their atomic orbits then bond to each other in chains of
Fig. 3. A schematic view of the toroidal polarization of the orbits
of peripheral atomic electrons when subjected to a sufficiently
strong external magnetic field. Note the additional polarization
of the intrinsic magnetic moments of nuclei and of peripheral
atomic electrons, thus resulting in the availability of three parallel
magnetic moments all suitable to create a new bond.
opposing polarities North-South-North-South-..., result-
ing in the formation of magnecules schematically illustrated
in Fig. 4.
Note that the toroidal polarization of atomic orbits creates
a magnetic field which is not generally detectable in the
conventional space distribution of the same orbits. Simple
calculations show that such a field is quite strong since it is
of the order of 1415 times the value of the intrinsic magnetic
field of the nucleus of hydrogen (the proton). As a result,
the toroidal polarization of the orbits of peripheral atomic
electrons does indeed create a new field sufficiently strong
to originate a new chemical species.
The first computation of the value of the magnetic moment
of toroidal polarizations of atomic orbits and its use for the
creation of a new chemical species was apparently presented
for the first time by the author in Ref. [4]. The first verifica-
tion of its numerical value as being 1415 times the value of
the proton magnetic moment was done by Kucherenko and
Aringazin [7]. An in depth study of the toroidal polarization
of atomic orbits was done by Aringazin [8] and reviewed in
Appendix &A of monograph [3].
Predictably, these studies have established that the
toroidal polarization of atomic orbits requires magnetic
fields so strong that they cannot be today realized at macro-
scopic distances in our laboratories. Nevertheless, these
strong magnetic fields are indeed available at atomic dis-
tances, as we shall see.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 491, "chars": 3362, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
R.M. Santillil International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
N
181
N
H~
(A)
H
NY
(C)
(B)
Fig. 4. A schematic view of elementary magnecules composed of a diatomic molecule bonded to an individual atom or to another diatomic
molecule via opposing magnetic polarities of the toroidal polarization of the orbits of individual atoms.
An important feature of magnecules is that the magnetic
polarization occurs in each individual atom, rather than in
a molecule as a whole. This implies that the new chemi-
cal species of magnecules can be formed for all possible
gases irrespective of whether they are diamagnetic (such as
hydrogen) or paramagnetic (such as oxygen).
Therefore, the primary technological objective underly-
ing the industrial and scientific production of substances
with magnecular structure rests in the control of the space
distributions of the orbits of individual atoms, rather than
molecules.
It should be noted that magnetic polarizations are indi-
vidually unstable, because, as soon as the external magnetic
field is terminated, the conventional space distribution of
the orbits is reacquired due to rotations and other motions
caused by temperature. However, coupled opposing mag-
netic polarities of two or more atoms are instead stable
because, when the external magnetic field is removed,
rotations and other motions due to temperature apply to the
cluster of bonded atoms as a whole. As a result, magnecules
are stable at ordinary temperatures and pressures.
It should also be moted that electric polarizations are
essentially reducible to ellipsoidal deformations of electron
orbits with consequential predominance of one charge at
one end and the opposite charge at the other end. Whether
individual or coupled, such ellipsoidal deformations are
evidently terminated by collisions, rotations and other
effects due to temperature, and this explains the dominance
of magnetic over electric polarizations.
Nevertheless, the reader should keep in mind that no
magnetic effect exists without an electric counterpart. Even
though less relevant, electric polarizations cannot be ignored
on strict scientific grounds. As a result, the term scientifi-
cally more appropriate for the new chemical species is that
of "electromagnecules" [5].
Recall that all magnetic effects are known to cease at a
temperature called the Curie Temperature. This is also the
case for magnecules which decompose at a certain tempera-
ture varying from substance to substance, which temperature
is generally of the order of the combustion temperature.
The new chemical species of magnecules most investi-
gated until now is that of the combustible gas known under
the name of Santilli MagneGas™ produced via recyclers
called hadronic reactors of molecular type [5]. This partic-
ular gas is produced by flowing a liquid feedstock (such as
fresh or salt water, antifreeze and oil waste, city and farm
sewage, crude oil, etc.) through a submerged electric arc
between carbon-base consumable electrodes.
In essence, the electric are separates the liquid molecules
in part or in full, vaporizes the carbon of the electrodes, and
forms a plasma of mostly ionized H, C and O atoms and
their radicals such as CH and HO at about 10,000°F. The
flow of the liquid continuously removes the plasma from the
electrode tips and controls the subsequent thermochemical

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 787, "chars": 5302, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
182
R.M. Santilli / International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
reactions. The H, C and O atoms and their radicals are
exposed to the extremely intense magnetic fields at atomic
distances of the electric arc, by acquiring in this way a
toroidal polarization of their orbits, as discussed in more
detail later on.
The name "MagneGas" was introduced by the author to
denote all gases with the new magnecular structure, thus
including all combustible gases produced by submerged
electric ares within all possible liquid feedstocks, as well
as magnetically polarized gases which are not necessarily
combustible.
The resulting MagneGas has a magnecular structure (from
which it derives its name) because it results to be constituted
of clusters of individual H, C and O atoms, CH and OH rad-
icals, single valence bonds C-O, double valence bonds C-
O, and conventional molecules H2 and CO (that with triple
valence bond) with traces of O2, CO2, H2O and other sub-
stances (see monograph [5, Chapters 7 and 8] for brevity).
3. Environmental relevance of the new species of
magnecules
The new chemical species of magnecules has recentiy
emerged as possessing considerable environmental rele-
vance because it permits the industrial production of cost
competitive new gaseous fuels whose combustion exhaust
is so clean as to require no catalytic converters, as it is the
case for MagneGas (see certification [9]). This important
feature is due to the increased specific weight, enhanced
thermochemical reactions, as well as the capability of elim-
inating hydrocarbon chains in a gaseous fossil fuel in favor
of clean burning magnecular clusters with specific weight
and energy output similar to those of the original gaseous
hydrocarbon.
The increased specific weight caused by the new chemical
species of magnecules is evident. Let us denote the conven-
tional valence bond with the symbol "", the new magnetic
bond with the symbol X, and the magnetic polarization of
eneric atoms A, B, ... with the symbols At, A1, At, A1, et
'uppose that the original gas has a conventional diatomi
structure with valence bond A-B. Then, the creation of a
magnecular structure in such a gas can be schematically гер-
resented:
(AT-BI) XAi,
(3.1a)
(1T-BI) X (Ay -BI),
(3.1b)
(AT-BI)X (AT-BI) X BT, etc.,
(3.1c)
with the understanding that the correct formulation should
be that via columns, rather than rows, since the bond occurs
between opposing polarities of different atoms as shown in
Fig. 4.
It is then evident that the above magnecular structure
increases the specific weight of the original gas. The actual
value of the increase depends on a variety of features indi-
cated later on, including the intensity of the external mag-
netic field, the pressure of the gas, the duration of the gas
treatment, and other factors.
Note that, while the original gas has the unique molec-
ular structure A-B, the resulting new species has a variety
of structures, again, depending on the used equipment and
treatment. While the molecular structure A-B is constant,
the corresponding magnecular structure is not constant in
the sense that magnecules can break down into fragments
due to collisions, and then recombine with other fragments
forming different magnecules. This feature has been exper-
imentally verified (see next section), and it is called mag-
necular mutation [5].
Therefore, the specific weight of a gas with magnecu-
lar structure is a statistical average of the specific weight
of all magnecules existing in the gas, and not that of one
individual magnecule. Despite these mutations, said mag-
necular specific weight is constant under constant conditions
of pressure and temperature, as we shall see.
The increased energy content of combustible gases with
magnecular structure, which is released in the thermochem-
ical reactions of the combustion, is an evident consequence
of the increased specific weight, as well as of the following
new features:
(i) The presence in magnecules of individual uncoupled
atoms, as established by experimental evidence [5],
which atoms combine at the time of the combustion,
thus releasing additional energy. For instance, Magne-
Gas produced from, liquid, feedstocks of fossil origin
has an energy content (in BTU/scf) up to three times
that predicted by quantum chemistry, because its mag-
necular clusters contain isolated H, C and O atoms
which, at the time of the combustion, recombine along
the known reactions
H + H → H2 + 104 Kcal/mol,
(3.2a)
C+O→ CO+255 Kcal/mol,
(3.2b)
H+ 02/2 → H2O+57 Kcal/mol,
(3.2c)
thus releasing additional energy which is completely
absent in a conventional molecular gas where the pres-
ence of isolated atoms is prohibited by nature.
(ii) Polarized atoms release energy in their thermochem-
ical reactions in amount greater than that released by
unpolarized atoms. Consider, for instance, the water
molecule H2O = H-O-H where the individual H-O
and O-H radicals have the characteristic angle of 104
degrees. As is well known, the orbits of the two dimers
H-O and O-H have a distribution which is perpendic-
ular to the plane of the molecule H-O-H, as illustrated
in Fig. 2. This implies that, in order to become part
of the water molecule, an H atom must first reduce
its space distribution to a toroidal form, precisely as

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 763, "chars": 5103, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
R.M. Santilli! International. Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28. (2003) 177-196
183
existing in magnecules. It then follows that a polarized
H atom releases more energy when bonding with oxy-
gen as compared to the energy released by unpolarized
atoms, the excess energy being given by that needed for
the proper polarization. Differently stated, the reaction
(HT-H1)+(0IT)/2→(HT-O1T-HI) (33)
where the two orientations in the oxygen Oit)/2 → oc-
cur at 104° angle, is predicted to release more Kcal/mol
than the conventional value 57 Kcal/mol of reaction
(3.2c) among unpolarized atoms. By remembering that
the actual structure of water remains vastly unknown
following about 150 years of quantitative research, it
has been conjectured in Ref. [5] that the actual struc-
ture of the water molecule is given by the combination
of molecular and magnecular bonds (Hy-OIT -HI),
as illustrated in Fig. 2, plus rotations and other
motions due to temperature. In fact, such a model
verifies the indicated experimental evidence of the per-
pendicular character of the orbits of the H-D and O-H
radicals with respect to the molecular plane H-O.
H, represents the diamagnetic nature of the water
molecules, and permit a quantitative-numerical repre-
sentation of the binding energy, electric and magnetic
moments of the water molecule which, for the first time
in chemistry, is accurate to the desired digit [2,3,5].
(iii) Magnetically polarized diatomic molecules with a suf-
ficient number of electrons can acquire new internal
bonds due to the magnetic polarization of non-valence
electrons, with consequential additional energy stor-
age. This feature has been experimentally detected for
the case of the CO molecule exposed to intense mag-
netic fields which shows under infrared scans the pres-
ence of two new IR peaks (see later on Fig. 8). These
new peaks evidently characterize new bonds besides
those characterized by conventional valence couplings.
Since all available valence electrons are used in the
triple valence bonds of the CO molecule, the new peaks
can only be explained with the toroidal polarization of
internal non-valence electrons, resulting in new mag-
netic bonds North-South-North-South, as illustrated
in Fig. 5. Since every atomic bond implies an energy
storage, it is evident that this third feature constitutes
a third novel method for energy storage. Note that the
latter method is also applicable to inert gases which, in
this way, can indeed store energy although not of ther-
mochemical nature), contrary to a rather popular belief.
Needless to say, some of the above bonds have a negative
binding energy. The important aspect is that the combined
effects due to magnecular clustering implies an increased
energy content. Equivalently we can say that the weaker
nature of the magnecular over the molecular bond directly
implies an increased energy output under combustion. This
is due to the presence of H, C and O isolated atoms under
a magnecular bond weaker than the molecular one, thus
Fig. 5. A schematic view of a conceivable interpretation of new
infrared peaks existing in the CO molecules exposed to very intense
magnetic field as shown in Fig. 8. Since each peak requires a new
internal force and all valance electrons are used in the triple bond
of the CO molecule, the attractive force responsible for the new
peaks cannot be of valence type. It is, therefore, conjectured that,
since the CO molecule was exposed to strong magnetic field, the
new attractive force originates from the toroidal polarization of the
orbits of internal non-valence electrons in both the C and O atoms,
thus producing new bonds from opposing magnetic polarities. Note
that the model of this figure is extendable to other molecules (note
the exclusion of the hydrogen molecule for this new internal bond
due to the lack of the necessary electrons in addition to those for
valence bonds).
permitting the formation under combustion of conventional
molecules H2, CO, H2O, etc. and consequential release of
energy which would be otherwise absence.
A further possibility for increased energy output for com-
bustible gases with magnecular structure is due to the appar-
ent weakening of conventional valence or covalence bonds
within magnecular clusters. This feature is supported by the
experimental evidence of up to 15% oxygen in the combus-
tion exhaust of MagneGas which would be impossible in the
event all its CO content has the conventional triple valence
bond.
As a result of these and other aspects, it then follows that
combustible gases with magnecular structure are definitely
preferable over those with conventional molecular structure.
For details in these aspects we refer the interested
reader to papers [8]. The particular case of breaking down
hydrocarbon chains and their replacement with clean burn-
ing magnecular clusters (international patents pending)
requires a specialized study in a future paper.
4. Experimental evidence for the new species of
magnecules
The experimental detection of magnecules is rather
difficult, thus requiring particular scientific care before

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 981, "chars": 6415, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
184
R.M. Santilli/ International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
venturing judgments, because all available analytic equip-
ment has been conceived, tested and extensively used for
the detection of the different chemical species of molecules.
Some of the difficulties are due to the fact that magnecules
are less stable than molecules, particularly at high temper-
atures, and actually cease to exist at their Curie Tempera-
ture. As a result, numerous analytic equipment decompose
magnecules into their conventional molecular constituents,
thus giving the perception of lack of novelty, while in
reality no measure of the species to be detected has actually
occurred.
Other difficulties are due to the fact that the detecting
means of various analytic equipment stimulate the recombi-
nation of isolated atoms (such as C and O) into conventional
molecules (such as CO), thus resulting in the detection of
substances which, in reality, do not exist in the species to be
tested. A clear illustration is given by infrared measurements
of MagneGas produced from antifreeze as liquid feedstock
which have systematically indicated the apparent presence
of about 47% of CO. This result is soon proved to be a mere
"experimental belief" by the analyst, because the combus-
tion exhaust of magnegas (which is fully molecular because
beyond the magnecules Curie temperature) contains about
5% of CO2, rather than the 35% COz needed for the com-
bustion in atmosphere of a gas containing 47% CO.
What has in reality happened is that the analytic equip-
ment itself has altered the species to be tested, by turning
individual C and O atoms, single valence bonds C-O and
double valence bonds C=O present in the magnecules into
the conventional (triple valence bonds) CO detected by the
instrument.
Other difficulties are due to the extrapolation of measure-
ments which are generally true for molecular, but not for
magnecular substances. An illustration is given by the use of
infrared analytic equipment which can only detect individ-
ual radicals, rather than complete molecules. For the case of
a conventional molecular species the extrapolation of a rad-
ical (such as H-O) to the corresponding molecule (such as
H2O) is certainly correct. However, for the case of a gas cre-
ated under strong magnetic fields, such as MagneGas, such
extrapolation is a pure personal belief by the analyst, rather
than an experimental measurement. This occurrence is due
to the fact that MagneGas contain individual radicals (such
as H-O) without the corresponding complete molecule, due
to the evident partial decomposition of the water molecule
by the electric arc, and the trapping of its fragments in mag-
necules.
At any rate, claims for the existence of a given percent-
age of water (as well as hydrocarbons and other substances)
in MagneGas achieved via infrared measurements are soon
dismissed as "experimental beliefs" by the absence of cor-
responding peaks in mass spectrometry.
Other difficulties occur in the use of micrometric feeding
lines which are certainly acceptable for tests of gases with
conventional molecular structure, but not for gases with
magnecular structure. In fact, there is significant experimen-
tal evidence of anomalous adhesion to the walls of instru-
ments even for the case of diamagnetic molecules, which
occurrence is called magnecular adhesion [5]. Moreover,
magnecules of what are generally considered to be light
gases have been detected to exist all the way to 1000 a.m.u.
and more. Therefore, the interior walls of micrometric feed-
ing lines are soon clogged up by small magnecules in said
anomalous adhesion, as a result of which the heavy species
1o be tested is prevented even by micrometric feeding
lines from entering the instrument, let alone be tested.
This occurrence is particularly severe for liquid mag-
necules which can have a specific weight of tens of thou-
sands a.m.u. The use of micrometric feeding lines in liquid
chromatography then yields the "experimental belief" that
the magnecules do not exist, as often experienced by the au-
thor at some of the best analytic laboratories, when in reality
the magnecules were detectable by a microscope or even by
the naked eye (e.g., as dark spots in liquids originally trans-
parent [5]). Again, the sectional area of the feeding line was
so small to prevent the species to be tested even to enter
the instrument, let alone conduct measurement of scientific
value.
When magnecules are actually detected, analysts often
conclude that the instrument is malfunctioning because the
blank after the test shows peaks essentially identical to
those of the actual scans. In reality, this feature is consid-
ered a necessary condition for the detection of magnecules
(depending on the instrument used) because of their anoma-
lous adhesion throughout the interior of the instrument,
which adhesion is so pervasive to require flushing with an
inert gas at high temperature.
It then follows that no analytic test on magnecules can be
considered complete without the following: (1) print-outs of
the blank prior to any feeding of a magnecular gas to verify
the absence of any species; (2) print-outs of scans while
feeding the magnecular gas; and (3) print-outs of the blank
following the removal from the instrument of the magnecular
gas to verify that at least some of the magnecular species
have remained in the instrument via anomalous adhesion.
Additional difficulties are due to the possible elusion of
various species all superimposed in one or more peaks, a
feature occurring in particular for the short elusion times
typical of recent analytic equipment. In this case the analyst
slices the peaks and, in so doing, essentially identifies the
individual constituents of the species, and not the species
itself. These constituents are generally given by ordinary
molecules, resulting in a claim of lack of novelty, when
in reality the chemical species constituting the magnecular
gas had not separated, as necessary for a scientific result.
In turn, this feature requires the use of analytic instruments
with the longest possible elusion time, generally of the order
of 20 min or more, a feature which is un-necessary for the
test of molecules.
Stated in different terms, analytic measurements of mag-
necules put the emphasis where it should be, in the proper
separation and identification of each peak, rather than the

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 3816, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
R.M. Santilli/ International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
Abundance
40000 169
30000
20000
10000
8.35
4.75
TIC: 0618004.D (+, -)
1 72;10
14.18
19.51
Time--
4.00
6.00
à.00 Io.00
12:00 14:00 16.00
18.00 20.00
TT
185
Retention Time
Area
Total Ion chromatogram
2.474
2.641
1753306
5091514
4.754
642528
6.307
2737749
6.390
2211258
7.782
592472
8,490
2357396
8.754
2784829
8.882
357814
9.265
L12380
9.14B
2621234
10.096
1946292
11.177
2129791
15.073
435208
16.085
389822
19.509
577433
Area & Ratio *
5.386 32.724
15.641
1.971
95.030
8.411
11.974
6.793
51.098
41.272
1.820
11.058
7.242
43.999
в.555
51.977
16.460
100.000
3.452
20.975
7.438
15.191
5.979
36.326
6.543
39.751
1.337
1.198
8.123
7.276
1.774
10.777
laboratory of National Technical Systems at the McClellan Air Force Base in Sacramento, California, via the use of a HP GC model 5890,
a HP MS model 5972 and a HP IRD model 5965, the equipment being operated under conditions quite unusual for conventional molecular
gases identified in Ref. [5]. The peculiarity of the above MS scan is that the tested MagneGas was produced from an electric are between
consumable graphite electrodes submerged within pure water (also known as "AquaFuel"), in which case the heaviest molecular species is
CO2. Therefore, the scan here considered should have solely shown a peak at 44 a.m.u. On the contrary, the latter peak is unidentifiabl
and replaced by a variety of peaks in macroscopic percentages none of which was identified by the computer following a search among al
molecules existing in the memory banks of the McClellan Air Force Base (see Ref. [5, Chapter 8 for details]).
identification of their constituents, because, when properly
tested, each identifiable chemical species results in an iden-
tifiable peak, and not in a collection of peaks.
For these and several other difficulties in detecting mag-
necules with molecular analytic equipment, methods and
insights, we refer the interested reader to monograph [5,
Chapter 8].
With the understanding that analytic equipment specifi-
cally conceived, developed and tested for the detection of
magnecules does not exist at this writing, the most effec-
tive equipment identified by the author after considerable
search is given by gas chromatographic mass spectrome-
ters (GC-MS) necessarily equipped with infrared detectors
(IRD), and generally referred to as GC-MS/IRD.
The joint use of an IRD attached to the GC-MS is truly
mandatory for a serious detection of magnecules. In essence,
the sole GC-MS detection of' a conventional molecule is not
sufficient for its identification on rigorous scientific grounds,
because there is the need of at least one independent ver-
ification. An effective alternative method for such a verifi-
cation is the IRD. When, and only when, the identification
of the same peak is established in both the GC-MS and the
IRD, then, and only then, the analyst can express a serious
scientific result, because various possible alternative inter-
pretations may occur when only one of these two methods
is used.
In the transition to tests of magnecules the need for the
joint use of GC-MS equipped with IRD becomes manda-
tory. In fact, only the GC-MS/IRD permits the test of the
same peak under both MS and IR scans. If two separate
instruments are used, namely, a GC-MS and, separately, an
IRD, the above joint MS and IR tests of the same peak is
impossible, resulting in a plethora of ambiguities with con-
sequential departure from true expenmental settings.
The need for the joint GC-MS/IRD for the analytic detec-
tion of magnecules is also mandatory because of the general
tendency of identifying any MS peak with one or another
molecule, identification which is eliminated for the case of
magnecules by the test of the same peak with the IRD, as
illustrated below.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 584, "chars": 3849, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
186
R.M. Santilli/ International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
TRC Of C: APCHEM TIDATA6 18003 D
15000
12000.
Abikery y
8000-
4000-
T
2
10
14
Minutes
T
22
28
Fig. 7. The IR signature of MS scan of the preceding figure (under the same conditions, for the same gas and for the same range of 40
-400 a.m.u.) confirming that the sole conventional molecule contained in the tested gas is CO2 at 44 a.m.u., and that all anomalous peaks of
the MS scan of Fig. 6 have no IR signature at all. These features establish beyond credible doubt the emergence of a new chemical species
not based on any of the various types of valence, the only open scientific issue being its proper identification. The magnecular hypothesis
remains the sole possible following the elimination of valence bonds, due to the creation of the gas under the very intense magnetic fields
at atomic distance from electric arcs (see later on for more details).
Also, numerous GC-MS/IRD equipment of recent con-
struction has been found to be inadequate to detect mag-
necules because of various reasons, such as: their detection
means destroy the magnecules to be detected (as is the case
for detection via strong ionization beams); the elusion time
is excessively short; the type of admitted column is insuf-
ficient (e.g., because its sectional area is inappropriate for
large magnetically polarized magnecules); and for other rea-
The best GC-MS/IRD identified by the author after con-
siderable search are given by the old HP GC model 5890,
HP MS model 5972 and HP IRD model 5965 operated with
special precautions indicated in Ref. [5], such as: the use of
the largest possible feeding lines; the cryogenic cooling of
the latter; the selection of the appropriate type of column
with the appropriate sectional area; the use of the column at
the lowest admissible operating temperature; the use of the
longest possible elusion time; and other requirement which
are inessential for molecules, yet essential for magnecules.
With a clear understanding of the scientific caution needed
to avoid "experimental beliefs", magnecules are generally
detected via MS peaks in macroscopic percentages (that
is, clearly above the background), which peaks result to
be unknown following computer search among all known
molecules (Fig. 6), the same peaks having no signature
under the IRD at the atomic weight of the MS peak, the
only IR signatures being those of the much lighter radicals
and molecules constituting the cluster (Figs. 7 and 8).
The lack of IR signature for magnecules establishes
that the peaks detected in the GC-MS cannot possibly be
molecules, particular for the case of large clusters with
atomic weight of the order of hundreds of a.m.u. for which
spherical symmetry (necessary to have no IR signature) can-
not be credibly suspected. After eliminating valence bonds,
the only remaining possibility for explaining the internal
attractive force necessary to create magnecules is that such
forces are of magnetic and electric nature, thus implying
the birth of the new chemical species of electromagnecules.
The reader should be aware of the existence of a vast num-
ber of experimental measurements on magnecules which
could be only partially reproduced in monograph [S], let
alone in this paper. This evidence establishes the anoma-
lous magnecular adhesion (indicated earlier), the equally
anomalous magnecular mutation (change of magnecules in
time), and other anomalies:
The latter occurrence was proved via test with the
GC-MS/IRD on MagneGas produced from water as liquid
feedstock (also known as Aquafuel) via: (1) the recording
of the MS spectrum at one time; (2) The recording of the
MS spectrum 30 min later which showed dramatic changes
in the preceding spectrum even though all conditions and
feeding remained unchanged; and (3) The verification that
=

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2744, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
R.M. Santilli/ International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
187
D:URDDATAITTGAS 1DXPark 1SPC
15-
1 - 1EL81 CARBON DIOXIDE (FA002703)
•
5-
4000
3000
2000
1000
Fig. 8. A reproduction of the IR scan of a magnetically polarized CO gas conducted at the Pinellas County Forensic Laboratory in Largo,
Florida, on July 25, 1998, via the use of a HP GC model 5890-II, a HP MS model 5970 and a HP IRD model 5965B. Note the appearance
is that via internal magnetic bonds as illustrated in Fig. 5.
the IR signature of both scans remained unchanged, thus
confirming that the mutation has occurred solely in the
magnecular clusters, and not in any valence substance.
The above mutations have also established the presence
in magnecules of individual uncoupled atoms, e.g., because
of numerous increases or decreases of peaks by one a.m.u.,
establishing the accretion or loss of one H atom, with similar
numerical changes for C and O atoms, or for H-O, C-H and
other radicals.
Additional characteristics established by this experimen-
tal evidence relates to the equally anomalous mutation of
physical properties for magnetically polarized substances,
including macroscopic changes in specific densities, visible
alterations in chemical reactions and other anomalies.
S. agne hydrogen so and engengen per inter
TM (international
patents pending)
In this paper we submit, apparently for the first time,
the hypothesis that conventional hydrogen H2 and oxy-
gen 02 gases can be turned into a new species with
magnecular structure here called MagneHydrogen™ and
MagneOxygen™
, or MagneH™ and MagneO™M for short
(international patents pending).
The foundations of the above hypothesis are essentially
those given in preceding sections. As recalled earlier, the
hydrogen molecule is diamagnetic and, therefore, it can-
not acquire a total net magnetic polarity. Nevertheless, the
orbits of the individual H atoms can acquire a toroidal po-
larization under a sufficiently strong external magnetic field.
The opposite magnetic moments of the two H atoms then
explain the diamagnetic character of the hydrogen molecule
as illustrated in Fig. 1.
The aspect important for the hypothesis of Magne and
MagneO is that the toroidal polarization of the orbits of the
electrons of the individual H atoms, plus the polarization of
the intrinsic magnetic moments of nuclei and electrons in the
Ha molecule is sufficient for the creation of the desired new
chemical species with bigger specific weight, because the
new bonds can occur between pairs of individual H atoms,
as illustrated in Fig. 4.
The creation of MagneO is expected to be considerably
simpler than that of MagneH because oxygen is param-
agnetic, thus having electrons free to acquire an overall

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 612, "chars": 4055, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
188
R. M. Santilli / International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
magnetic polarity which is absent for the case of MagneH.
Nevertheless, the achievement of a significant increase of
the specific weight of the oxygen will require the toroidal
polarization of at least some of the peripheral atomic elec-
trons, in addition to a total magnetic polarization.
The primary technological objective is therefore that
of achieving physical conditions and geometries suitable
for the joint polarization of atoms, rather than molecules,
which favors their coupling into chains of opposing mag-
netic polarities (Fig. 9). In the final analysis, the underlying
principle here is similar to the magnetization of a ferromag-
net, which is also based on the polarization of the orbits
of unbounded electrons. The main difference (as well as
increased difficulty) is that the creation of MagneH requires
the application of the same principle to a gaseous, rather
than a solid substance.
Under the assumption that the original gases are essen-
tially pure, MagneH can be schematically represented
(H, - HI) × Hi,
(5.la)
(Hy -HI) × (Hy -HI),
(5.1b)
(Hy-HI)X (Hy-H1)xHt, etc.
while MagneO can be schematically represented
(0p-01)x01
(5.1c)
(5.2a)
(0;-01)x (01-01),
(5.2b)
(OT-01) x(01-01)X0, etc.
where the arrows now indicate possible polarizations of
more than one electron orbit.
By keeping in mind the content of the preceding sections,
the achievement of the above magnecular structure does
imply that MagneH and MagneO have specific weight and
energy content greater than the corresponding values for
unpolarized gases. The numerical values of these expected
increases depend on a variety of factors discussed in the
next section, including the intensity of the external magnetic
field, the pressure of the gas, the time of exposure of the gas
to the external field, and other factors.
A first important feature to be subjected to experimental
verification (reviewed later on) is the expected increase of
specific weight. By recalling that the gasoline gallon equiv-
alent for hydrogen is about 383 scf, the achievement of a
form of MagneH with five times the specific weight of con-
ventional hydrogen would reduce the prohibitive volume of
7660 scf equivalent to 20 g of gasoline to about 1500 scf.
This is a volume of Magne which can be easily stored at
the pressure of 4500 pounds per square inch (psi) in car-
bon fiber tanks essentially similar in volume to that of a
gasoline tank. As a result, the achievement of MagneH with
sufficiently high specific weight can indeed eliminate the
(A)
(B)
(C)
Fig. 9. A schematic view of the main steps in the magnetic po-
larization of the hydrogen molecule. Due to rotations in all space
directions, the H2 molecule has a spherical symmetry (responsible
for its lack of IR signature) with the radius of the order of magni-
tude of the diameter of the H atom (again, when referred to orbits
rather than orbitals), as in View A. The main technological ob-
jective for the creation of MagneH is the removal of all rotations.
This process is schematically represented in this figure via the use
of an external magnetic field (not shown for simplicity) suitable
to create the reduction of the molecule, first, to two discernible H
atoms, as in View B, and then to the planar configuration of View.
C via the elimination of the rotations of the individual H atoms.
The final state is a structure which, in semiclassical approximation
and at absolute zero degree temperature, the electrons orbits are
located in a plane. We recover in this way the physical law that,
in the absence of external perturbations or quantum uncertainties,
orbits are distributed within a plane, as it is the case for planetary
orbits. When quantum uncertainties are added in the presence of
a strong external magnetic field, the exactly planar configuration
is evidently lost in favor of a toroidal configuration, thus recover-
ing in this way the main feature of the new chemical species of
Magne, as studied in detail in Refs. [5,8].

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 896, "chars": 5947, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
R.M. Santilli/ International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
189
expensive liquefaction of hydrogen in automotive use, with
consequential reductions of costs.
Another basic feature to be subjected to experimental
verification (reviewed later on) is that the combustion of
MagneH and MagneO releases more energy than the com-
bustion of conventional H and O gases, particularly when
all features (i), (it) and (iii) of Section 3 are realized. It then
follows that
(I) the use for internal combustion engines of MagneH
with a sufficiently high specific weight is expected
to eliminate liquefaction, yield essentially the same
power as that produced with gasoline, and produce a
dramatic decrease of operating costs;
(II) the use of MagneH and MagneO in fuel cells is ex-
pected to yield a significant increase of voltage, power
and eliciency; and
(III) the use of liquefied MagneH and MagneO as fuels for
rocket propulsion is expected to permit an increase of
the payload, or a decrease of the boosters weight with
the same payload.
Moreover, recent studies scheduled for a separate pre-
sentation have indicated that the liquefaction of MagneH
and Magne O appears to occur at temperatures bigger than
those for conventional gases, thus implying an additional
reduction of costs. This expectation is due to the fact that
magnecules tend to aggregate into bigger clusters with the
increase of the pressure, evidently due to their magnetic
polarizations, which feature evidently favors liquefaction.
The experimental evidence supporting this expectation is
that, while compressing a gas with magnecular structure,
there is an increase of the volume needed for the same pres-
sure increase although at increased pressures. Specifically,
measurements have establishes that the compression of Mag-
neGas in a high pressure cylinder which may require 40 scf
of MagneGas for the increase from 100 to 200 psi, the com-
pression of the same gas in the same cylinder from 3000 to
3100 psi will require about 50 scf.
In turn, these features establish that gases with magnecu-
lar structure have nonlinear deviations from the perfect gas
law, and their Avogadro number is not constant with the
variation of pressure, temperature and volume. All these
anomalies, which are beyond any credibility for molecular
structure, are easily explained for magnecules by their break-
down into fragments due to collisions, their recombination
with other fragments, and their tendency to aggregate with
increase of the pressure, with the consequential decrease of
the Avogadro number.
It is evident that the same principles outlined above also
apply for other gases, and not necessarily to H and O gases
alone. In fact, the processing of any gaseous fossil fuel via
the principles here considered permits the increase of its
specific weight as well as of its energy output, thus permit-
ting a consequential decrease of storage volume, increase of
performance and decrease of costs.
6. The new magnecular interpretation of H3 and O3
As is well known, a species with molecular weight of
about 3 a.m.u., corresponding to H3, is routinely detected
in GC-MS scans, while O3 has been known for over one
century under the name of ozone. These species are generally
interpreted as being due to some form of valence bonds. In
this section we point out that such a valence interpretation
may imply the violation of a number of laws in particle
physics. On the contrary, the magnecular interpretation as in
Eqs. (5.1a) and (5.2a) appears to resolve these problematic
aspects. At any rate, the existence of the species H3 and O
provides evident support for the existence of species with
bigger molecular weight.
A triple valence bond for H3 may imply the violation
of Pauli's exclusion principle (and other physical laws),
because, under our strong valence bond, it would imply the
bond of a third electron to a pre-existing valence pair. In
turn, this would imply the existence of at least two electrons
with the same quantum numbers in the same energy level, an
occurrence clearly prohibited by Pauli's exclusion principle.
The assumption of a weaker notion of valence (such as
that of contemporary quantum chemistry) would indeed per-
mit a form of valence bond for the third hydrogen atom in
the H3 structure. However, such a model would have other
inconsistencies, such as the prediction that the hydrogen
molecule is paramagnetic, as studied in detail in Ref. [S].
Independently from that, various laws in particle physics
probibit a bond between a valence electron pair (which is
necessarily a Boson due to its singlet nature) and a third
electron (which is a Fermion). In any case, vast experimen-
tal evidence has established that valence correlations-bonds
only occur in pairs. Serious studies of the valence origin of
the Is bond would, therefore, require a basic revision of the
entire valence theory.
This and other violations of basic physical laws can be
resolved with the interpretation that H3 has the magnecular
structure
H3=(Hy-HI) × Hy.
(6.1)
In this case only two electrons are bonded into a singlet pair
with the same energy although antiparallel spins as requested
for the verification of Pauli's principle, while the electron of
the third H atom is magnetically bonded to one of the other
two H atoms, thus being in an energy state different from
that of the preceding valence pair, with consequential lack
of applicability of Pauli's exclusion principle.
In the case of ozone Os, the molecule Oz possesses free
electrons for possible additional valence bonds. Neverthe-
less, the possible violation of Pauli's exclusion principle for
triple valence bonds remains. Also, as discussed in detail in
the next section, the origin of ozone (notoriously achieved
via electric discharges) indicates the presence at its creation
of strong magnetic fields, with consequential toroidal polar-
ization of the orbits of at least some of the valence electrons.

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 614, "chars": 4210, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
190
R.M. Santilli/ International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
It then follows that the magnecular structure of the ozone
(6.2)
with internal coupling similar to those of the magnecule
(6.1), cannot be ruled out.
The plausibility of the magnecular interpretation of H3 and
Oз provides grounds for the search for similar magnecular
structures with bigger number of atomic constituents, which
is the central objective of this study.
7. Industrial production of MagneHydrogen™ and
MagneOxygen™ (international patents pending)
As indicated earlier, the magnetic polarization of the or-
bits of peripheral atomic electrons requires extremely strong
magnetic fields of the order of billions of Oersted which
are of simply impossible realization in our laboratories with
current technologies, that is, at distances of the order of
inches or feet. These magnetic fields cannot be realized to-
day even with the best possible superconducting solenoids
cooled with the best available cryogenic technology.
The only possible, industrially useful method of achieving
magnetic fields of the needed very high intensity is that based
on direct current (DC) electric arcs with currents of the order
of thousands of Amperes (A) when considered at atomic
distances, i.e., of the order of 10-8 cm. As illustrated in Fig.
10, the magnetic field created by a rectilinear conductor with
current I at a radial distance r is given by the well known law
B = kI/r,
(6.1)
where k=1 in absolute electromagnetic units. It then follows
that, for currents in the range of 103 A and distances of the
order of the size of atoms r = 10-8 cm, the intensity of
the magnetic field B is of the order of 10'3 Oersted, thus
being fully sufficient to cause the magnetic polarization of
the orbits of peripheral atomic electrons.
Under the above conditions schematically represented in
Fig. 10, atoms with the toroidal polarization of their orbits
find themselves aligned one next to the other with oppos-
ing polarities which attract each other, thus forming mag-
necules. The electric aro decomposes the original molecule,
thus permitting the presence of isolated atoms or radicals in
the magnecular structure as needed to increase the energy
output (Section 3).
In this way, the process transforms the original gas with
its conventional molecular structure into a new chemical
species consisting of individual atoms, radicals and complete
molecules all bonded together by attractive forces among
opposite magnetic polarities of the toroidal polarization of
the orbits of peripheral atomic electrons.
In the event the original gas has a simple diatomic molec-
ular structure, such as H2, the magnecular clusters are com-
posed of individual polarized H atom and ordinary polarized
molecules H2 as in Fig. 4. In the event the original gas has
the more complex diatomic structure of O2, the magnecular
=
Fig. 10. A schematic view of the geometry of the magnetic field
B at atomic distances from an electric arc. Note the counterclock-
wise circular geometry of the field, its extremely high intensity, the
consequential toroidal polarization of atomic orbits (here schemat-
ically represented with circles), the consequential compression of
various polarized atoms in the same magnetic line, and the result-
ing bonds of the latter into clusters, called Santilli magnecules, via
the strongly attractive forces of opposing polarities.
clusters are composed of individual polarized O atoms, O-
O single bonds, and Oz molecules with additional internal
bonds as in Fig. 5. In the event the original gas has the more
complex diatomic structure CO with triple valence bonds,
the magnecular clusters are more complex and are generally
composed of individual C and O atoms, single bonds C-O,
double bond C=O, conventional molecules CO and 02 with
internal new bonds as in Fig. 5, plus possible C-complexes.
Original gases with more complex conventional molecular
structure evidently imply more complex magnecular clus-
ters with all possible internal atomic arrangements.
It is evident that the resulting new species is not composed
of all identical magnecules, and it is composed instead of
a variety of magnecules from a minimum to a maximum

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 922, "chars": 5991, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=
R. M. Santilli / International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
191
number of atomic components, which have been measured
to reach 1000 a.m.u. and even more. The specific weight of
the magnecular gas is then given by the average weight of
all different magnecules, as indicated earlier.
Needless to say, a number of alternative methods for the
industrial production of MagneH and MagneO are possible
as identified in the existing patent applications. An alterna-
tive method worth mentioning here is the use of solenoids.
The reader should however be aware that the latter can-
not decompose molecules. Therefore, the MagneGases pro-
duced via the use of electric discharges and solenoids are
different.
Another type of MagneH important for this study is that
obtained from MagneGas [5]. When MagneGas is produced
from a hydrogen rich liquid feedstock (such as water or
liquids of fossil origin), it may contain up to 60% hydrogen
in a form already polarized by the electric are used for its
production. Therefore, the hydrogen content of MagneGas is
indeed a particular form of MagneH which can be separated
via a variety of available technologies, such as filtration,
cryogenic cooling and other processes.
This particular form of MagneH (whose features are iden-
tified in the next section) is particularly suited as fuel for
internal combustion engines, rather than for fuel cells. This
is due to the expected presence of very small C and O
impurities which do not permit their use in fuel cells.
This particular type of MagneH derived from MagneGas
has already been tested for automotive usage and proved
to have a performance essentially similar to that of gaso-
line without any need of liquefaction, as needed instead by
hydrogen vehicles currently tested by BMW, GM and other
automakers. The tests were conducted via the conversion of
two Honda and one Ferrari cars to operate on the new fuels
(see [5] for brevity).
Above all, this particular type of MagneH has resulted to
be cost competitive with respect to fossil fuels, of course,
when produced in sufficiently large volumes. This cost com-
petitiveness is due to a variety of factors, including (see [5]
for detail):
(1) the use of hydrogen rich wastes as liquid feedstock, such
as city and farm sewage, antifreeze and or oil waste,
etc., which implies an income, rather than a cost;
(2) the possible utilization of steam at 400°C produced by
the cooling of the highly esoenergetic processes of the
reactors, which steam can be used for other income
producing applications, such as desalting seawater via
evaporation, production of electricity via turbines, heat-
ing of buildings, and other income producing uses; and
(3) the unusually high efficiency of Santilli hadronic reac-
tors of molecular types used for the process which brings
the cost of electricity down to 0.005/scf.
Specific equipment and designs for the industrial produc-
tion of MagnetI, MagneO, and other magnetically polarized
gases are available on request.
8. Experimental evidence on MagneHydrogen™ and
MagneOxygen™M
It is now important to review the experimental evidence
supporting the existence of Magne and MagneO. For this
purpose the author had constructed by technicians in Florida
a rudimentary apparatus based on the use of automotive
sparks powered by an ordinary car battery, the system
operating at about 15 psi. Two types of MagneO, denoted
by MagneOl and MagneO2, were produced from pure
oxygen for comparative purposes.
This type of MagneO was tested in lieu of ordinary oxygen
in a 2-cell proton exchange membrane (PEM) fuel cell oper-
ated with conventional high purity hydrogen. The membrane
material was Nafion 112; the catalyst in the electrodes was
platinum acting on carbon; the plates for heat transfer were
given by two nickel/gold plated material; the temperature of
the fuel cell was kept constant via ordinary cooling means;
the current was measured via a HP 6050A electronic load
with a 600 W load module; a flow rate for oxygen and hydro-
gen was assigned for each current measurement; both oxy-
gen and hydrogen were humidified before entering the cell;
the measurements reported herein were conducted at 30°C
The results of the measurements are summarized in Figs.
11-13 which report relative measurements compared to the
same conditions of the cell when operated with ordinary
pure oxygen. As one can see, these measurements show a
clear increase of the voltage, power and efficiency of the
order of 5% when the cell was operated with Magne01 and
MagneO2. The increase was consistent for both samples
except differences within statistical errors.
To appraise these results, one should note that the types
of MagneO used in the test were produced via rudimentary
equipment based on intermittent sparks operated with an
ordinary automotive battery, and with the pressure limited
to 15 psi. By comparison, the industrial production of Mag-
neO should be done with an array of arcs each operated with
continuous currents of thousands of Amperes, and at pres-
sures of thousands of psi. It is evident that the latter con-
ditions are expected to imply a significant increase of the
performance of the fuel cells when operated with MagneO.
Still bigger increases in voltage, power and efficiency oc-
cur when the fuel cells are operated with both MagneO and
MagneH for the reasons discussed in Section 3. These latter
tests are under way and are contemplated for reporting in a
future paper.
In summary, the systematic character of the experimen-
tal results, combined with the limited capabilities of the
used equipment, appear to confirm the hypothesis of new
forms of hydrogen and oxygen with magnecular structure
capable of producing an industrially significant increase in
voltage, power and efficiency of fuel cells. Independent mea-
surements are here solicited for the finalization of these
issues.
Additional tests were conducted with MagneH produced
from MagneGas as indicated in the preceding section.

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 321, "chars": 2308, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
192
R.M. Santilli/ International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
Voltage Difference 30°C
6
4
-2
7
- Voltage Difference Mago1-Ordinary 30°C 1%]
• Voltage Difference Mago2-Ordinary 30°C (%]
4
-6
-8
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
Current [A]
Fig. 11. A schematic view of the voltage increase in a test fuel cell operated with ordinary pure hydrogen and the two samples of Magned
produced by rudimentary equipment.
MagneGas was first produced by using antifreeze waste
as liquid feedstock. The combustible gas was then passed
through 5 Armstrong zeolite filters, which essentially con-
sist of a microporous molecular sieve selecting a gas via. the
so-called "molecular sieving," or molecular size exclusion.
The filtered gas was then subjected to the following three
measurements:
(1) This type of MagneH was first subjected to analytic
measurements by a laboratory via Gas Chromatogra-
phy (CG) and independent tests for confirmation were
conducted via Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy
(FTIS). All measurements were normalized, air con-
tamination was removed, and the lower detection limit
was identified as being 0.01%. The results are reported
in Fig. 14. As one can see, these measurements indi-
cate that this particular type of MagneH is composed of
99.2% hydrogen and 0.78% methane, while no carbon
monoxide was detected.
(2) The average specific weight of this type of MagneH
was measured by two independent laboratories as
being 15.06 a.m.u., while conventional pure hydrogen
has the specific weight of 2.016 a.m.u., thus implying a
7.47 fold increase of the specific weight of conyentional
hydrogen.
(3) The same type of MagneH used in the preceding tests
was submitted to CG-MS scans via the use of a HP
GC 5890 and a HP MS 5972 with operating conditions
specifically set for the detection of magnecules (Sec-
tion 5 and Ref. [S]). The results of these third tests are
reproduced in Fig. 15. As one can see, by keeping in
mind the results of GC-FTIS of Fig. 14, the GC-MS
measurements should have shown only two peaks, that
for hydrogen H2 at about 2 a.m.u., and that for methane
CH4 at about 16 a.m.u. On the contrary, these GC-MS
tests confirm the existence of a large peak at about
2 a.m.u. evidently representing hydrogen, but do not
show any peak at 16 a.m.u. proportional to the 0.78%

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 336, "chars": 2392, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
R.M. Santilli/ International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
Power Difference at 30°C
193
4
Power Difference Mag-Ordinary [%]
-6
-8
-10
-12 +
- Power Difference Mago 1-Ordinary 30°C (%]
- Power Difference Mago2-Ordinary 30°C 1%]
2
4
8
10
12
14
Current [A]
Fig. 12. A schematic view of the power increase in a test fuel cell operated as in Fig. 11 confirming the results of the latter.
of methane, and exhibit instead the presence of a con-
siderable number of additional peaks in macroscopic
percentages all the way to 18 a.m.u. This GC-MS scan
establishes the existence beyond credible doubt of a
magnecular structure in the type of MagneH here stud-
ied. Note, in particular, the existence of well identified
peaks in macroscopic percentage with atomic weight
of3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and higher values which peaks, for the
gas under consideration here, can only be explained as
magnecules composed of individual H atoms as well as
H molecules in increasing numbers.
The above measurements (1), (2) and (3) confirm the
capability to produce hydrogen, oxygen and other gases with
a multiple value of their standard specific weight, and con-
sequential increased energy content.
9. Conclusions
Despite the known uneasiness created by novelty, the
rather vast experimental evidence, only partially reproduced
in this paper to avoid a prohibitive length, supports the fol-
lowing results:
(1) The existence in nature of a new chemical species whose
bonding force is not of valence type (from the absence
of infrared signature and various other evidences as in
Figs. 6 and 7), which has been interpreted by this author
as being due to the only fields available in a molecu-
lar structure, the electric and magnetic fields, and called
electromagnecules in general, the name Santilli mag-
necules being used to denote the dominance of mag-
netic over electric effects (Section 2). Other researchers
may prefer different nomenclatures and search for eso-
teric fields other than the electric and magnetic fields,
with the understanding that the non-valence novelty of
the new species is outside scientific debate.
(2) The existence of a form of hydrogen with about seven
times the atomic weight of molecular hydrogen which
eliminates the need for liquefaction in automotive use,
while having a power output essentially similar to that
of gasoline, and being cost competitive with respect to

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 283, "chars": 2084, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
R.M. Santilli/ International Journal of Hydrogen. Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
Efficiency Differences 30°C
3
1
Efficiency Mag-Normal [%]
0
7
- Efficiency Difference Mago 1 1%] 30°C
-E-Efficiency Difference Mago2 1%] 30°C
-2
-3.
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
Current [A]
Fig. 13. A schematic view of the efficiency increase in a test fuel cell operated as in Fig. 11, which provide additional confirmation of the
latter results.
fossil fuel when produced in large scale. This is the new
species of hydrogen, called by this author MagneH™
(international patents pending) which is derived via
filtering, cryogenic separation or other means from
the new combustible fuel called Santilli MagneGas™M
(international patents pending). The latter gas s is
produced via DC electric arcs between carbon-base
consumable electrodes submerged within a hydrogen
rich liquid feedstock, such as fresh or salt water, anti-
freeze or oil waste, city or farm sewage, crude oil, etc.
(3) The industrial capability of turning conventional
hydrogen and oxygen into new species with bigger
atomic weight and energy content for use in fuel cells
with increased voltage, power and efficiency.
(4) The existence of new forms of liquid hydrogen and
oxygen for rocket propulsion with increased trust, and
consequential increased payload or decreased boosters'
weight with the same payload.
(5) To experiment citeme of pr a departme
hadronic chemistry [5].
ividently, these studies are in their infancy and muc
emains to be done, both scientifically and industrially
Among the existing intriguing open problems we mention:
A) The identification of new analytic equipment speci
ally conceived for the detection of magnecules. In tac
researchers in the field know well the dramatic insuffi-
ciency for tests on magnecular substances of currently
available analytic equipment specifically conceived for
molecular substances.
(B) The identification of the possible frequency at which
magnecules may have an infrared signature. For
instance, the detection of methane in the MagneH
tests of Fig. 14 has a mere indicative value, rather
=

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 628, "chars": 4204, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
R. M. Santilli| International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
195
Component
Gas
Hydrogen
Carbon
monoxide
Carbon
dioxide
99.2
None detected
None detected
Methane
0.78
Ethane
Ethene
(ethylene)
Ethyne
(acetylene)
None detected
None detected
None detected
Fig. 14. A summary chart of the analytic measurements via GC and
independently, via FTIS on the particular type of MagneH producec
via zeolite filtering of MagneGas originating from ordinary tap
water. Note the detection of 99.2% H2, 0.78% of methane and no
measurable CO.
(D) The study of the possible storage of energy in inert
gases via the mechanism of internal magnetic polar-
ization and resulting new molecular bonds illustrated
in Figs. 5 and 8. In fact there exist patents as well as
reported test engines operating on inert gases which
are generally dismissed by academia because of the
believed "inert" character of these cases. Perhaps, a
more open mind is recommendable for truly basic
advances.
(E) The study of nonlinear deviations from the perfect gas
law and the Avogadro number which are inherent in
magnecular clustering since they can break down into
fragments due to collision and then have different re-
combinations, resulting in a population with generally
varying number of constituents, while keeping constant
statistical averages.
Needless to say, the author solicits the independent veri-
fication of all results presented in this paper without which
no real scientific advance is possible.
In closing with a personal note, the author dedicates this
paper to the memory of Amedeo Avogadro, who was born
in Turin, Italy, in 1776 and died there in 1856. The au-
thor conducted his graduate studies in theoretical physics at
the University of Turin, and had the privilege of holding
the chair of nuclear physics at the A. Avogadro Technical
Institute in Turin, Italy, from 1965 to 1967. In this way, the
author had access to historical records which gave him the
opportunity of studying Avogadro's original contributions,
and some of the comments of the time.
As well known to historians, the constancy of Avogadro's
number was strongly opposed by scientists of his time,
and became scientifically established as a pillar of con-
temporary chemistry only with the work by another Italian
physicist, Stanislao Canizzaro in 1858, unfortunately after
Avogadro's departure.
The perception by this author in studying these historical
documents has been the emergence of Amedeo Avogadro as
a towering scientific mind, not only because of his capability
to be dramatically ahead of the science of his time, but also
for the scientific balance and open mind solely dedicated to
the pursuit of new scientific knowledge, which is the true
essence of research. The new findings tentatively presented
in this paper are dedicated to Amedeo Avogadro in memory
of his teaching and example.
than being an actual experimental fact. In any case,
the detection of methane is not confirmed by at least
one second independent test to achieve final scien-
tific character. Also, a peak at 16 a.m.u. which is
necessary in the GC-MS scans of Fig. 15 to confirm
the presence of methane (CH4), is missing. Finally,
the original MagneGas is created in the 10,000°F of
electric arcs at which temperature no methane can.
survive. In view of the above, a more plausible possi-
bility is that the "methane" detected by the analyses
of Fig. 14 is, in reality, the infrared signature of a
(C) The study of the liquefaction of MagneGases on a com-
parative basis with the liquefaction of the same gases
with conventional molecular structure. This study is
recommended particularly for rocket propulsion, due to
the expected new species of liquid magnecules [5], the
liquefaction itself at a temperature bigger than the con-
ventional ones, the increase in trust and the reduction
in liquefaction costs.
Acknowledgements
The author would like to thank Professors A.K. Aringazin,
J. Dunning-Davies, J.V. Kadeisvili and several other col-
leagues and technicians for generous assistance in the
completion of this paper. Particular thanks are due to the
referees of the International Journal of Hydrogen Energy
for simply invaluable critical comments.

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 338, "chars": 2768, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
196
R. M. Santilli/ International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 28 (2003) 177-196
/chow nsch. 1/h-14may. b7051406,d
2.2-
2.1
2,0-
1,9,
1,8 -
1,7.
1,6,
1,5,
1.4-
1.0.
0,9
0,8
0,7
0,6
0.5
0,4
0,3
0.2
0,1
enditi
12
13
9
11
15
16
17
18
Hin
Fig. 15. A reproduction of one of the GC-MS scans of the same type of Magne used in the tests of Fig. 14. Note the confimation of the
dominant existence of hydrogen at about 2 a.m.u., and the presence of new species which do not exist in the GC and FTIS tests of Fig. 14,
thus establishing the existence of a new non-valence chemical species. Particularly significant are macroscopic peaks (here intended as peaks
lefinitely outside the background) at 3, 5, 6, 8, and 10 a.m.u. which, for this particular type of gas, can only be interpreted as clusters o
hydrogen atoms and molecules due to the absence of other elements in that range of atomic weight, 'These measurements establish beyonc
reasonable scientific doubt the industrial production of MagneH, MagneO and other magnetically polarized gases whose atomic weight, and
References
1l Santilli RM. Alarming oxygen depletion caused by oxyge
roduced from regenerating methods, Contributed paper. Inter
national Hydrogen Energy Forum 2000, Munich, Germany,
September 11-15, 2000, http://http://www.magoegas.com/
technology/part4.htm.
[2] Santilli RM, Shillady DD. International Journal of Hydrogen
Energy 1999;24:943.
[3] Santilli RM, Shillady DD. International Journal of Hydrogen
Energy 2000;25:173.
[4] Santilli RM. Hadronic Journal 1998;21:789.
[5] Santilli RM. Foundations of hadronic chemistry with
applications to new clean energies and fuels. Boston-
Dordrecht-London: Kluwer Academic Publisher, 2001.
[6] Sokolov AA, Ternov IM, Zhukovskii, V.Ch. Quantum
mechanics. Moscow: Nauka, 1979 (in Russian);
Landau LD, Lifshitz EM. Quantum mechanics: non-relativistic
theory, 3rd ed. Oxford: Pergamon, 1989;
Ruder H, Wunner G, Herold H, Geyer F. Atoms in
strong magnetic fields. Berlin-Heidelberg-New York: Springer,
1994;
Kadomtsev BB. Soviet Physics JETP 1970;31:945;
Kadomtsev BB, Kudryavtsev VS. JETP 1971;13:42;
Kadomtsev BB, Kudryavtsev VS. JETP Letters 1971;
13:9.
[7] Kucherenko MG, Aringazin AK. Hadronic Journal
1998;21:895.
81 Aringazin AK. Hadronic Journal 24, in press (2001)
ringazin AK, Santilli RM. Structure and combustion o
MagneGases™
, submitted for publication;
ringazin Ak, Santill RM. A study of the energy eliciency o
adronic reactors of molecular type, submitted for publicatior
Aringazin AK, Santilli RM. A study of polycarbonyl
compounds in MagneGases™, submitted for publication;
(pdf preprints available at http://www.i-b-r.org/ir00022.htm).
[9] Liphardt and Associates: Certification of MagneGas Exhaust
http://www.magnegas.com/techrology/part5.htn.
