{"created_utc": "2026-09-15T07:17:22Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 376861, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304116308197585, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118932-the-whispering-wheel.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540661820000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/118932-the-whispering-wheel.pdf", "source_sha256": "59de249c582868ddc08ad8988dd418d6205ac7a38ab1733023377b3fe25619e9"}

The whispering wheel                                                                                     Page 1 of 3


                         Theme:                                        other ths~rrlr s     news    about RNW


                                                                          `be whlaspennt whe&
   cr:rrent ,atfai rs
   dutch press re,'iew                                                 by Thijs Westerbeek, 25 december 2003

                          A new Dutch invention can make
   Holland                cars, busses and other vehicles no
   culture                less than 50 percent more efficient
   netharinks
   science                and thus more environmentally
   development            friendly. Better still, the technology is
   hca tr
   human v ghts           already available; it all comes down
   medic                  to a smart combination of existing
   litestyte
   social issues
                          systems.

 About RNW                This winter, in the city of Apeldoorn, a
   RN -the full story     city bus will be used to prove that the
   pa-h:er
   reactions              claims about the new invention are true.
   route                  These are quite bold. E-traction, the
   vacancies              company that developed the bus, boasts
   Frees releases                                                                         This report was
   products               fuel savings of up to 60 per cent, with                         featured in Research
                          emissions down to only a fraction of the           real         Fife. Listen to the
                          soot and carbon dioxide an ordinary bus                         programme in full.
                                                                                          (29:30)
                          would blow out of its tailpipe,

                           In addition, the test bus requires no adaptation, its drivers need no extra
                           training and there'll be no discomfort for passengers. It will simply run on
                           diesel, just like all the other buses, and it should be just as reliable. One
                           thing however will be very different; the Apeldoorn bus hardly makes a
                           sound, hence its nickname "the whisperer".

                          In-wheel engine
                          All this is made possible by an 'in-wheel' electric engine, in fact nothing
                          more than a normal electric engine turned inside out.

                          The outer wall of a traditional electric engine is a cylinder lined on the
                          inside with copper wire. If electricity is fed into the copper wire, the
                          current will circle the cylinder on the inside at high speed. Cylinder and
                          wire together are called the 'stator' (because it doesn't move).

                          To change the electricity running along the inner wall of the cylinder into
                          movement, another part of the engine comes into play: 'the rotor'. This is
                          in fact an axle, mounted in the centre of the cylinder, with permanent
                          magnets attached to it. The electrical current in the stator pulls the rotor
                          magnets along and the axle starts to turn.

                                                            The wheel works precisely the other way
                                                            around. The fixed part of the engine - the
                                                            stator - is now on the inside. The wire is
                                                            wrapped around it.

http://www.rnw.nl/science/html/0312 l5wheel.html                                                                 1 /8104
The whispering wheel                                                                        Page 2 0f3


                       The moving part of the engine — the rotor - is no longer an axle fitted
                       with magnets but a ring running on the outside of the stator.

                       The magnets are fixed on the inside of this ring. If power is fed into the
                       engine the magnets will - as before - follow the current, but now it's the
                       ring on the outside, which will turn.

                       Eureka
                       And that's what makes 'the whisperer'revolutionary; a ring functioning as
                       a wheel. By just putting a tire on it you can drive a bus, a car, anything
                       with it. Since the wheel is in fact the engine, no axles or any other
                       friction-producing and therefore energy-wasting mechanical parts are
                       needed.

                       Even the transmission is unnecessary; if you want to go faster you just
                       run more electricity through the engine. And it works really well while
                       braking, when the in-wheel engine works as a generator, produces
                       electricity to charge the batteries.

                       Pack of Batteries
                       The power to drive the Apeldoorn bus is
                       stored in a big battery pack that sits in
                       a steel drawer under the bus. Changing the
                       batteries every time they're drained would be
                       impractical, as would be taking the bus out
                       of service for recharging them for hours on
                       end. Instead, a small diesel-powered
                       generator built into what used to be the bus's
                                                                      The whispering wheel with
                       engine bay continuously charges the whole      and without tyre
                       battery pack.

                       Since in-wheel engines are so highly
                       efficient, the generator's diesel engine can be 6
                       very small, about the size of the compact city
                       car's engine. Because charging the batteries
                       is all it needs to do, the tiny engine
                       consumes very little fuel and can run
                       continuously at a speed of 1700 revs per
                       minute, the most efficient rev count.

                       Clean and quiet
                       Passengers will find it more important that the bus is quiet and clean. No
                       more roaring buses pulling away from the station in a cloud of diesel
                       fumes. When the whisperer pulls away (and whenever it drives for that
                       matter), the power comes from the batteries, not the diesel engine which
                       simply keeps on purring quietly.

                       Furthermore, the constant rev count makes the catalyser much more
                       effective, and the small size of the engine makes it possible to completely
                       fill the rest of the engine bay with sound proofing. Being 90 percent
                       quieter than other buses, the 'whisperer really deserves its name.


http://www.mw.nl/science/html/031215wheel.htmi                                                    1/8/04
The whispering wheel                                                                       Page 3 of 3
s


                    Testing period
                    In the coming six months the bus has to prove itself in everyday practice.
                    Come summer, the city of Apeldoorn is set to decide whether to use
                    whisperers on a larger scale in public transport. Dr Arjan Heinen, inventor
                    of the whisperer and director of if-traction, radiates confidence: "This is a
                    practical solution for present-day public transport. Every bus driver can
                    get behind the wheel and do his job as before, only now it's quiet, clean
                    and energy-efficient."

                    The future of the In-wheel electric engine seems bright. At the recent
                    Tokyo Motor Show, it was the engine of choice in many of the futuristic
                    hydrogen-powered concept cars.


                                                                                           Links
                                                              • Driving without moving (RNW)
                                                                                 • E-traction

                    g, 2004                                         RadloNetherlands   I


http://www.mw.nl/science/htmll031215wheel.html                                                1/8/04
