{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T03:18:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2339959, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118910-floyd-sweet-energy-from-the-vacuum-floyd-sweet.pdf", "source_sha256": "6532879406a803939a0e87af861f32d189c4fbec1491b9bc2d9330323cbf890a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 353, "chars": 2018, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
ATTACHMENT #1 NARATIVE REPORT—
Nikola Tesla "Energy From The Vacuum" Free Energy Device
Rough Draft: By
(Now that my Brothers have both died, I can give their names:
In about 1988 a gentlemen who my two brothers and I were involved with in the
High Tech field realized that my brother, who was a Docto
was interested in
negative energy devices for the treatment of the physical body (similar to
Rife/Tesla Frequency Machines). His name was
and he had
formerly been employed at NASA with
John lived in
California close to
Sherman Oaks) and that is where my story begins.
My Dbr and I were introduced to >
nd we patiently awaited the
time that we could see the VTA device. We saw it on the table at his house during
various visits but it was not operating. Sparky was like many inventors who played
games with you. Each time we would drive 13 hours to see him thinking we could
see the device in operation, he would have some excuse for not turning it on or
just ignore our purpose in why we were at his house.
was always in his
walking shorts when we visited him. I was always astonished that for someone
who, according to MIT placed number three out of all their inventions
from MIT (see attachment),
Iways had to have his wife (Rose) turn-down
the volume on the TV Game Shows and "Soaps" so we could communicate. I really
could not see this couple "matched together"---Amazing!
On one visit, I looked over at Sparky and he was "showing off" his Barium Ferrite
Bar Magnet. The magnet was "approximately" ½"thick, 7" long and 3"wide. He
had a small piece of metal that was standing on the top of the magnet at a 45
degree angle. As I recall, he claimed that the 45 degree angle was needed in the
treatment of the magnet so that it could capture Scalar waves. The magnets were
mainly functioning as a "gate" for the Scalar waves. Additionally, if you placed a
piece of thin "flexible" (ribbon type) metal flat on the top of the magnet, the
middle of the "ribbon metal" would be "sucked down" flat at the middle of the

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2107, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
magnet and both ends of the "ribbon metal" would be bowed-up at each end of
the magnet. Also, I came to understand from another inventor that we introduced
later on to Sparky that the "figure eight" design (flux flow?) on the top of the
magnet played an important part in the functioning of the magnet—I don't really
know about the concept and can't relay any additional information.
On another visit, Sparky demonstrated the flowing flux of the magnet. He had a
(CRT?) TV monitor and he would place the magnet by the screen and you could
see all the beautiful colors of the flux as it moved across the monitor screen. My
brother of electronics (Ebr) told me that
had told him that he had a way of
treating the magnet by calibrating the Scalar wave angle coming in using the TV
monitor. A side note is that
delighted in telling people, when they asked
how he treated his magnets, they should get the magnets real hot first. This
apparently "screwed up" the magnetism and he enjoyed doing this for some weird
reason!
Finally, after 12 trips across the California Desert,
agreed to show us the
Device in operation. In his defense, Sparky did claim that on some earlier planned
demonstrations that his magnets had been "pulverized" by artificial earthquakes
coming up through Mexico. He designed some type of buffer in the Device that
eliminated the problem, but, it was an on-going problem for quite a period of
time. This reminds me now that I must digress because I need to tell you about
the Government (or who?) involvement with us.
When we first started to visit Sparky, our phones were all "tapped"-by whom I
know not. My Ebr was with the Air National Guard full-time and his specialty was
electronic Security, Crypto, etc. tied in with SAC bases in our area and surrounding
states. Additionally, he had set-up the "clean room" for the President of the United
States when he visited our State. I mention this because even my Ebr was doubtful
in the beginning that we were all being monitored. On one occasion, my Dbr had
his complete prior (twenty minutes later) telephone conversation played back to

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 357, "chars": 2210, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
him when he answered the phone-| think it was probably some type of "screw-
up" by whomever was monitoring our phones. My biggest complaint was the
consistent early morning 3am call and then a "hang-up" when you answered —For
what reason I know not other than for harassment purposes.
I give you the aforementioned information for the purpose of having you
understand the seriousness of what we were involved with.
Energy Device was mainly three things:
(1) It was a healing device-negative electricity—negative time. In theory, you
could re-set the template in your DNA with this energy source and therefore •
cleanse the body of all impurities that your ancestors had acquired over time.
Additionally, you could kill current disease (virus/bacteria) in the body utilizing the
right frequencies without disturbing other body cells. This is why Sparky needed
my Dbr to help him arrive at the proper medical protocol for using his technology.
Additionally, if you note in the Payroll Expense Attachment of this e-mail, one line
item expenditure is for AIDS related materials in which Sparky and my Dbr had a
real interest. My Dbr had an agreement with
to build three medical
Interferometers which would all have a noble gas plasma inside. I actually
witnessed one of these devices in operation. At the end of the tube like (approx.
20 inches) structure you could feel a pulsing being emitted at the end of the tube
onto whichever part of the body you wanted treated. My Dbr had ordered two
Interferometers from
which were approx. 4' long.
(2) The VTA Energy Device is probably world's worst weapon. Sparky claimed that
like Nicola Tesla you could cause "artificial earthquakes"--besides destroying
buildings. As I understood from people in the intelligence world, which we de-
briefed after we saw the Device operate, three countries have what is called the
"Tesla Cannon"; Russia, America and I never found out who the third country
was. As mentioned earlier, this energy source is what disabled
VTA
equipment over many months until he got his "buffer" built into his Device.
Further, this is why the Federal Government had such an interest in what we were
doing with
over the time period we spent with him.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 353, "chars": 2145, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
4
(3)The Device was an Energy source for the Home (could change to positive from
negative energy) the Car and many other purposes. The cost to build one energy
Device was only about $200.00 to build-incredible!
Description of VTA Device:
On the day that finally arrived to see the Device operate, my Dbrand I had finally
convinced my Ebr to accompany us to Sherman Oaks, California to see the
Demonstration. My Dbr and I had made ALL the preliminary trips to see
minus our Ebr because he was literally a "doubting Thomas", being heavily
involved in the electronics field and full of Maxwell's Theories of electronics, etc.
• Yes, you could say that he was a traditional electronics person. But, for this
reason, we needed my Ebr to be our DEBUNKER in case the Device was not what it
was portrayed to be. We had one other Witness
An Associate of mine that
was to bring the Venture Capital for funding if the Device was real.
On that "blessed day" when we arrived and witnessed the VTA Device in operation
it is a day I shall never forget. To actually see a Device that only would cost
approximately $200 dollars and create all the clean energy you would ever need
was "awesome". I know I have been "altered" ever since knowing that such a
Device existed. Now for a brief description of the Device:
These are not exact measurements but only approximations. The Device was on
what I believe to be Plexi glass. Nothing was hidden. You could see everything, top
and bottom through the glass. The Plexi glass structure was approximately 18"
square. We were allowed the pick-up the Device and carry it around
living room so you could see that there were no other electrical connections to
the Device. On top of the Plexi glass were three toroidal coils wound with thin
windings of varnish copper wire. There were two barium ferrite bar magnets
(approx. 7"×3"× ½"). Present was a volt meter which displayed 120v when the
Device was turned on. Also was an ampere meter that measured and reflected the
electrical loads that
would take turns switching on-and-off during the
Demonstration. Such items for load demonstration consisted of a Cal Rad (sp?) !

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 382, "chars": 2222, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*.
!
5
just called it the burner part of the stove!; a hair dryer, a fan, and five one-
hundred watt globe lights. The fascinating thing to me about the light demo was
that the lights had a glow like the overhead lights in your kitchen ---a very soft,
COOL appearance. Not the look of a traditional bright light bulb that you have in
your lamp on a traditional night stand.
I forgot to mention that the Device was started by attaching a 9v battery which, as
I understood, started the magnetic flux in motion.
would then hookup the
"pigtail" on the Device and it would become just one circular energy unit.
As
would put more load on the Device, the ambient temperature around
the Device (coils) would start to get cooler. Additionally, depending on how much
load you added, the Device would start to lose some of its weight and you then
had levitation beginning to take place. I should note at this point that on one
meeting with
his
used some expletives in telling how one day
kept adding more-and-more load to the Device and he almost "brought
Down" the Apartment Complex he lived in at Sherman Oaks. He turned off the
equipment, went out on his patio and pretended that it was a California
Earthquake! His neighbors never did know what he had in his apartment. In this
respect, I never did find out what the big piece of equipment was in his bedroom.
It literally went from the ceiling to the floor. Was so heavy the floor was bowed-in
and sunken and that "big sucker" had a growling noise when it was on--never did
find out what it was? It was big like some kind of transformer?
The Rest of The Story:
You are probably wondering what the Article (attachment-Magnet Motor) on
is about. I have allowed his full name because he is already out in the
Public Domain in the Tesla Magazine so I thought, "what the hell"! It's a long story
but after 1 moved
(and his laboratory) all the way from the mouth of Zions
National Park to "someplace" Oregon to hide him out----he was using "Tachy-on
Beams with his medical equipment and after only a couple of minutes the "Black
Helicopters" would show up-50000 at my Dbr's request I moved Ron to Oregon.
At the time I thought Ron was a "real flake" because when | helped him forward

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2230, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
his mail from a small town in Southern Utah, he asked me how to spell the word
"electric" so he could put in the full address of "Brandt Electric". Further,
said
he was only here on this Earth until 2012-It was now 1987-88?—and then he had
to leave to another planet! I now wanted to shoot my
who got me into this
whole move
¡thing! My Dbr told me that
had to move fast because Ron
had told him that an earthquake was coming in the next few days--Right! Well,
guess what happened a few days later? The largest earthquake in many years in
that particular location took place and it even wiped out the hot springs at the
Resorts along the Virgin River that runs through Zions National Park and through
the small town of Virgin where Ron lived. I since found out that >
<had invented
earthquake equipment along with Philo T. Farnsworth's (Inventor of Television)
Grandson and they had actually predicted (six months ahead) the last great
earthquake in California and were only off by six minutes. The Government is
insisting they want the equipment so that is one of the reasons for everyone
"hiding out".
Now, why am I giving you all this preliminary information regarding
Well it seems that Ron has the Magnet Motor which only weighs 75 pounds and
can generate the equivalent power of a 300 HP gas engine. Also, the motor can be
a retro-fit in ALL cars without designing a whole new car. This is the connection I
will explain later regarding Ron who could not even spell "electric" and Sparky
who placed 3'd in all the inventions to ever come out of MIT--All I can say is
"WOW"!
EVENTS SURROUNDING
DEATH:
In the summer of 1994, my
suddenly "passed out" at one of our Venture
Capital meetings and was rushed to the hospital. After an MRI of his head, it was
discovered that he had a brain tumor and it was of the worst kind (very fast
growing). This seemed impossible as by had always monitored his body daily
as he did on occasion experiment on himself with certain medicines. By November
11, 1994, my Dbr had died. He told us prior to death that "they" (whoever they
was?) had succeeded in placing the fastest growing cancer tumor into his brain-
How-- I know not! Never did find out. What is important to the free energy field

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2276, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7
was that my
was in daily contact with Sparky and his Associates regarding the
energy devices. I was not that important and basically only accompanied my
to meetings and kind of "got lost in the woodwork". Intellectually, I really was not
a threat to anyone. I was only there at meetings to help acquire venture capital.
On the very day that my
died, my
and I were at the home of
Associate from NASA) who for some strange reason had followed my Brothers and
I to our home City where we lived (SLC, Utah). He then bought a home and took
up residence. We did not complain as he was our go-between with
But the
move still seemed strange to me. The reason my and I were with >
Sis that
had arranged a conference call with
Sy and us to see if there was a
possibility for Sparky to make some type of energy device which could power the
magnet motor that
had--My Brothers and I had all the rights
contractually to
Magnet Motor-- that we could use in any car. I thought to
myself that now I can really find out how "real" (could not even spell "electric")
s when I match him up with MIT
I could not believe what I heard as
Sparky and Ron conversed at the highest electronic levels--Who the "hell" is Ron I
thought?-
agreed that he would have no problem doing the prototype for
Magnet Motor to power the car.
Besides
doing the car project (size of energy device was like cigarette pack),
Sparky had told my Ebr that he would build a device for us that we could
communicate with outer space. I know what your thinking, but, many times fact is
stranger than fiction. I would not believe what I am telling you now if I had not
experienced it "first hand" myself.
When on a few occasions we had asked
where he received the information
(conditioning of the magnets) on how to specially treat the magnets, he would
point up and say that he got it from "out there"! He claimed that it took 3 days to
receive answers to any questions and then they would come back in the form of
geo-spheres (crypto like) holograms? This also meant that when he received
answers he had some type of device for translating the holographic language. My
verified this to me as he was specialized in Crypto with his past vocation in the
military. Sparky mainly worked with my
on this project as Sparky needed old

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 379, "chars": 2097, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8
vacuum tubes that my Ebr had to acquire for the device and my Ebr was a real
"bench" person which Sparky seemed to favor over academic Electrical Engineers.
During the Spring of 1995 while
was working on our energy device for the
car, John (from NASA) and Sparky were elated that there was supposed to be an
announcement from the Whitehouse regarding
/A Energy Device. It
seems that
vas a past friend of Senator John Glen (former NASA
astronaut) and he had given Glen one of the energy devices. Unfortunately, Glen
gave the Device to the Dept. of Energy, who, according to
passed the
Device on to General Motors. Sparky was furious and as I understood Sparky was
then going to sue GM for $200 million dollars. As far as I know!
never got
the Device back. I will always remember the extreme disappointment on
and John's face when they realized the trip to Wash DC for the announcement was
not going to take place.
In July of 1995
let us know that the Energy Device was finished and we
were to take possession of it.
now lived in Deseret Palms, California and
that is where we would pick it up. After much thought, we decided we better not
board a plane with the Device as we were not sure of any magnetic effects on the
instruments of the plane in having it transported— new technology with still many
questions to be answered. We instead decided to drive our car to Desert Palms
and bring back the Device ourselves.
called us the day before we were to leave and asked us if he could keep the
Device for a couple of extra days. He said he had "someone" coming (I thought he
said China) and wanted to show them the Device. We said ok and we would plan
to pick it up when he was done.
A day later, at about 7:00 am Pacific time there was a frantic call from !
wife
other wife
had died and he had re-married a woman
named
to my
house. My Ebr was not at home and my sister-in-law,
his wife, took the call from
was very traumatized when she told my
sister-in-law that
was dead. There was a lot of shouting going on in the
background of the house. The people who were there had black vans and vehicles

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 1998, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9
and claimed they were from the FBI and
Equipment belonged to them.
was extremely confused with the death of Sparky and people she had never
seen before taking all the equipment out of her house to awaiting vans. She asked
my sister-in-law what to do and my sister-in-law had NO idea as she was not
aware of all that my Brothers and I had going on!
also said that about 5:00 pm the night before, two strange looking men
showed up to see Sparky that she had never seen before..
was with them
for a period of time and then they left. About an hour or so later, about 8:00 pm,
was having a cup of coffee when he suddenly fell out of his chair onto the
floor. She called for an ambulance and when they arrived to get Sparky, they
would not let her ride with them.
was 75 years old and didn't drive. About
twenty minutes later the ambulance called back to Violet and told her they didn't
think Sparky was going to "make it"! As I understand,
body was
cremated. How soon, I don't know.
The end result for my Brothers and I is that ALL of our energy equipment included
Medical Interferometers) that Sparky made for us was taken---By Whom?
Who were the two men that saw s
a few hours before his death? Was
anything placed into Sparky's coffee by these men? Violet said she had never seen
them before and they seemed strange?
Why could not Violet go with her husband in the ambulance? I have seen it
happen many times when family is allowed, especially where age is concerned?
How did the FBI (if that is who they were) know that Sparky was even dead? And
then, showed up later, very early in the morning (about 6:00 am), just hours after
he had died in the late night?
YOU CAN BE THE JUDGE --- BUT...I KNOW!
WAS KILLED AS THERE ARE TOO
MANY COINCIDENCES HERE AND MANY UNANSWERED QUESTIONS. ALSO, HE
HAD OTHER ATTEMPTS (SNIPER SHOT) AND THREATS ON HIS LIFE IN THE PAST. IN
SUMMARY, ALL OF OUR ENERGY DEVICES (MEDICAL AND "O" POINT ENERGY
DEVICES...AND CAR-MAGNET MOTOR) ARE GONE!... WHERE ARE THEY AND WHO

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 133, "chars": 845, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
-
-
10
ARE THE ONES RESPONSIBLE FOR TAKING THEM? ....Hopefully, some of the
aforementioned information may help to restore some of
incredible
technology! I would strongly suggest that interested researchers spend time
looking at
Websites. That's all I will say about the issue
at this time!
Cordially,
PS. Years later, I now understand that Dr. Steven Greer MD ("Sirius" and
"Unacknowledged" Documentaries) and TWO of his Partners, also got a very
aggressive Cancer... all in the SAME MONTH. Dr Greer, was able to save (?) his life,
but, I understand his other TWO partners DIED. My Doctor Brother said that
"THEY" had put the fastest, aggressive growing, cancer into his brain and he was
dead within just a few months! He died Nov. 11, 1994 and
died July 1995. The same years as Dr. Steven Greer MD and his Partners got cancer
and some died!
