{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T04:57:03Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 309504, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118963-coherent-consciousness-and-reduction-randomness-pg-565.pdf", "source_sha256": "1a7d4d6683a6f79c9ceeb9938a72bb35a399283d48c00895c723c2ab2a2f6d8a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 482, "chars": 3156, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
shows
as for
show
• be
Coherent Consciousness and Reduced Randomness
565
scale to what is seen in laboratory research and in field applications of the REG
technology. Indeed, this similarity raises the question of why the effects are not
stronger, given the large number of REG devices and the very large numbers
of people who may be regarded
as sources. In fact, there is no substantial
evidence to support the assumption that multiple REGs will necessarily yield
a compounded effect, or that multiple ostensible sources will increase effect
sizes. For example, when larger effect sizes for pairs of participants have been
reported, the attribution is not to the number of people but to the quality of the
relationship (Dunne, 1993), and in the FieldREG studies there is no correlation
of group size and effect size. The same general principles may apply to the data
reported here. The effects appear to be dependent on the nature of the situation,
including obviously subjective aspects, and not on simple physical parameters,
such as the location of detectors relative to the focus of a correlated event, the
number of detectors, or the number of people involved. On the other hand
a preliminary analysis of the September 11 data suggests there may be an effect
of geographic location (Radin, 2001). The potential for serious, objective
assessment of questions like these is enormous,
given the continuous and
growing database, the wide distribution of the REG network, and the unending
variety of potentially instructive events.
A particularly thought-provoking aspect of the anomalous changes in the data
is that they appear to begin before the major events. Because our measures are
statistical and necessarily have an error distribution around the trends and point
estimates, these indications must be regarded with caution. They are present,
however, in multiple analytical perspectives,
should consider some
provisional interpretations. The major trends began to appear on the order of two
to four hours prior to the first crash. Certainly no ordinary physical source such
as electromagnetic disturbances would seem to be a candidate. If ordinary
waking consciousness were the source, it would seem it could only be
attributable to a small number of people: the terrorists who knew what was
coming. Alternatively, the hypothesized "global consciousness" that later would
be intensely aware might have had a premonitory cognition or feeling at an
unconscious level that was registered in the data from the EGG network. There
are a number of laboratory studies that document an analogous "precursor"
response in humans about to be presented with a shocking stimulus (Bierman &
Radin, 2000).
In any case,
the formal data from the EGG network definitely show
anomalous deviations that are consonant with our general hypothesis. Many of
subjective or aesthetic perspectives to complement the hard-edged, scientific
analyses, there are a plethora of indicators that seem meaningful. Discussion of
these is beyond the scope of this article, but many examples from contextual and
exploratory studies are discussed in a special section of the GCP Web site
