{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T11:48:30Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1397025, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/118995-advanced-saucer-aerospace-craft-document-12-6-1996-december-6-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "f2eebdcd8ae0914c13ffabcf0cf1b0b3276651ee56557bcde61539024da7b8a2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 199, "chars": 1330, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dec-06-96 03: 32A
P. 01
TO:
TEL/FAX:
cc.
Mr.
XX1 H.
(Advanced Technology Devaloomont
Gronu)
Mr.
a, California,
Uj.S
FROM:
Black, The Realm. Ina
Total Number of Pages:
12
RE:
Phone Conversation of this Evening & ATDG's Advanced
Saucer Aerospacecraft,
Advanced Non-Lingar Flectric
Generators & ATDG'S Advanced Wheel Systens & Technologies:
MESSAGE:
Dear Mr.
Thankyou for your call of this evening!
I very much
enjoyed talking with you and I am sure that we can provide mutual-
beneficial connections who are working for a new Renaissance world-
vide by all countries, persons and peoples.
This shall be of
onsideration and compassion for all and shall be accomplisher
within the Light of Our Creator, Who created all persons, souls,
creatures and living things throughout the universes, including
our Extraterrestrial friends.
All live within what I refer to
as The True, Living and Eternal Spiritual Realm of The Creator
survive
as souls boyond biological "death" in The True, Living
and Eternal Realm.
assigned all of my Inventions to ATDG which is
established
as
an Off-shore Corporation.
My creations are
inspit-
ed by
the Writings in The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel and are con-
figured as
a wheel in the middle
a wheel.", Ezekiel 1:16.
As i also mentioned, we are working with Native Canadian and Native
0c-06-96 03: 32A
P O2

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 2053, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
07'.
.1Dec,06-96
03:34A
p. 02
THE REALM, INC:
December 6, 1996
Fax Paye
2
PSI APPLICATIONS)
American partners and we plan on introducing ATDG's Various
technologies and Consumer Products to a significant degree
through the Native Communities.
DI.
a partner of mine in a conpany
and
he 1s
the Vice President
of
15
involved
as a new
company in
the development, manufacturing and conner-
cialization of new home health care products and
electro-medical
products.
Xs also in a partnership with Dr. XX
< son't
company
in Michigan,
appreciate
Inc., etc..
I very much
thoughtiulness in asking you to call me tonight..
I look forward to learning and hearing more about your:
prograins
with ragard to the introduction of the Galactic Federation::
(Confederation) and of its positive implementation on Earth and
in various realms and universus for everyone's benefits.
I've
enclosed some information about my partners in ATDG, Mr.
and Mr.
who, himself, is Engineer
oi. the rear
this year at
and who is very talented physicist.
You will enjoy lalking with both X
and
and I've asked
ter call you this evening.
We have many mutual areas of
interest.
I am familiar with Dr. Edward Teller's involvement
fool frce to pass along
the enclosed materials.
and about ATDG's Advanced Saucer Program to your two
I believe that we can provide benefits to
you, yourself, to PSI APPLICATIONS and to MJ-12.
Our Saucers
to private pilots and commercial airlines and more
advanced models shall have Earth to Lunar capabilities,
They use a very Advanced Electric Generator (MAJESTIC-44) and
unique, new and Advancca Non-Linear Propulsion Systems which
are, as well, environmentally friendly and which can replace all
»jet and rocket engines and methods of transportation, etc..
feel that this will be complementary to other Saucer Programs ard
to the introductions of our Extraterrestrial friends in a very
positive light and Spirit for all!
and to establish no long to melat onomy with he PS APAr
"TIONS, and with my partners at ATDG.
I am a representative of ATDG
in Canada, etc..

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 3124, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RE: ATPG'SADVANCED PROPULSION SYSTEMS, ENERGY
GUNERATION SYSTEMS & ADVANCED SAUCER AEROSPACECRAFT
ATIKi is committed to the development and commercialization of readily achivable and
econornical Advanced Non-Linear Propulsion Systems for implementation in our
Advanced Saucer Aerospacecraft designs. ATDG's A 'vanced Non-Linear Propulsion
Systems and Advanced Saucer Acrospacecraft are plannod to be a safer and more cost-
effective replacement for current private and commercial airline transportation methods,
i.e., jet and rocket engines, eic.. Additionally, ATDG's Advanced Non-Linear Propulsion
Systems will revolutionize and revitalize the rocket aud space cornercialization industries
by making it possible to economically launch and retrieve satellites as well as research and
explore the other planets in our solar system. Just imagine the possibilities if one could go
to one if the other planets in our solar system as easily and economically as we now take
a flight to anollier country. What is most unique about ATDG's Advanced Non-Linear
"Propulsion Technology is that it is achievable with current materials and design methods
and at costs which represent manifold savings over current manufacturing expenses. What
is probably the most unique and insightful aspect of ATDG's design theories and
principles is that they are totally based on and are in harmony with Nature and the
Environment. We realize that on the surface this sounds a bit flowery and unscientific but
the interpretation and implementations are completely systematic leading to powerful
thrust generation and motion characteristics (capabilitics) which are based on new and
advanced physics, and engineering design implementations.
Using the same scientific and natural principles as in the propulsion technology, ATDG is
_ also developing and commercializing very Advanced and unique Energy Generation
Systems. These systems generato electrical energy while revitalizing the environment at
the same time and they are aiso desigued to provide for the electrical energy requiremenıs
of ATDO's saucers. ATDG's Energy Generation Systems are scheduled to be a sufe and
- econorically efficient alterative to hydro, fossil fuel and nuclear power srations.
Furthermore, our Energy Generation Systems can be scaled down and made available for
the individual consumer as well, such that the individual can provide power for their own
house, farm, or region independent of the Power Grids at a fraction of the cost while
improving the environment at the same time. Tike all of ATDG's Technologies, the
Advanced Energy Generation Systems are based on advanced physics und
petberpodynamics interprerations and implementations of natural principles. The
implementation of our Advanced Systems do not involve the ucilization of exotic materials
or expensivo equipment, but rather the usage of readily available and inexpensive off-the-
shelf components and parts. This is accomplished through a thorough understanding of
the underlying scientific principles that this technology is based upon and the synergistic
merging of the best desism processes
..'

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 528, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ATDG's Advanced Saucers are also very aesthetically designed and ATDG is currently
negotiating with the government of Ukraine and with the O. Antonov Aviation Sciences
and Technology Complex in Kiev, Ukraine with regard to the full development and world-
wide commercialization of ATDG's Advanced Sauker Acrospacecratt, etc.. ATDG
envisions that the saucers will become commercially available as we enter the new
Millennium.
For Further information please contact:
« Ak Assoriates & Advanced Technology Development Group (AIDO)
