{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T17:17:25Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 17, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1738012, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119074-an-update-on-the-continuing-research-into-t-h-moray-and-other-free-energy-devices.pdf", "source_sha256": "2f64cb29cadad464f822f7917b9c54d1ec9f231a106f76423a2e7c195d0a7d73"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 1925, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SPEECH GIVEN BY
Ph. D.
AT THE ANE CONFERENCE IN DENVER Co.ON 5-25-1997
AN UPDATE ON THE CONTINUING RESEARCH INTO T. H. MORAY AND
OTHER FREE ENERGY DEVICES WITH CONCLUSIONS
BY
Th. D.
AZTEC PUBLISHING
ABSTRACT
At the Tesia Symposium last year 1 gave a report on my research into the T. H.
Moray Radiant Energy Receiver in a combined speech with Bruce Perreault. Over the past
year both Bruce and i have continued our research. Bruce has stayed mostly with the T.
H. Moray research while I have not only continued my research into I. H. Moray but have
also branched out to other free energy devices because of the facts I have uncovered in my
various researches.
I have researched all of the relevant books, periodicals and other references that I
could find from 1880 to the present. Some of the books that I have found to be of the
greatest help were the books by Gustave LeBon, Rutherford, Curie and of course T. H.
Moray. There are many other books I also found valuable but the list is to great to go into
here. You can check my web site for more information on these books. Most of these
books were so hard to find that I decided to start a publishing company to reproduce these
books and many more including new books by Dr. Paul Brown, Bruce Perreault,
Rodney Sego and several others currently researching free energy. Both Dr. Paul Brown
and Rodney Sego have just written new books on their researches into T. H. Moray and
both of these books just became available as of May 15,1997.
One of the things I have found that seems to be constant with all of the free energy
devices that I have researched is radioactive materials. These devices include not only the
devices of T. H. Moray but also those of Hubbard, Hendershot and Testitaka. Even the
increased power of the new neodymium and samarium/cobalt magnets can be traced to
radioactive materials. Radioactive materials appears to be one of the keys to free energy.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 552, "chars": 3369, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SPEECH
I will attempt to cover all of these devices in a logical manner. Because of the time
allocation here today I will have to cover some of the items rather quickly. I will be giving
a more thorough coverage of each of todays items and a lot more subjects in the book I
ım presently finishing. I hope to have this book completed later this year. Also I will hav
opies of this speech complete with all of the overheads available at my booth for anyon
who wants them. My booth is in the main exhibit area and all profits from the sale of
books I offer will be used to further my research.
Before getting into each individual device I would like to pass on a few general
observations and conclusions that I have reached as a result of my years of research into
the alternate energy and free energy fields. It would appear that the time span between
1900 and the late1930's was a very prolific period with a lot of people trying to develop
power sources using the newly found radioactive materials such as Uranium, Thorium and
Radium. These include Perrigo who invented his first unit 1915 and who by 1922 had
demonstrated a unit which produced 4500 watts. He died shortly thereafter taking the
secret to the grave with him. Another is T. H. Moray who produced his first unit in1910
producing 8 watts and by 1925 had a unit producing 650 watts. Moray went on to
produce a unit in the late 1940's that produced 3000 watts. Next was Alfred Hubbard who
built his first unit in 1919 producing less than 100 watts and by 1926 had demonstrated a
unit producing 26,000 watts. He sold all rights shortly after that and disappeared, again
the technology was not developed. Last was Lester J. Hendershot who invented his first
unit in 1928 producing less than 100 watts and had a unit producing 300 to 500 watts in
the late 1930's and a final unit producing about 1000 watts around 1950. Hendershot's
son Mark is presently working to reproduce the device.
Had I have relied on modern text books a lot of the data presented here today would
not have been possible. It was only after studying the works of the great researchers of
that era like Rutherford, Chadwick, Lind, Geiger, Crowther and especially Le Bonn's
books that I had a good insight into the awesome amount of knowledge that was
discovered during that period in history. After searching out these books, some of which
were almost impossible to find, I can clearly see why so much research on free energy was
done during the time from 1900 to 1940. Also during that period radioactive materials
were easy to get because the government did not have the strict regulations they have
today. At that time anyone could go to the hardware store and buy Radium paint to make
their light switches, and any thing else, glow in the dark so they could find them easily in
the dark. With all of this information and the materials needed so readily available there
were a lot of people conducting research. I urge every serious free energy researcher here
to thoroughly study the books of this era. The amount of information in them is truly
awesome. If anyone wants a list of these books please come by my booth and I will give
you a copy of the list.
I would like to start with the T. H. Moray device. This is the device I call the Holy
Grail of free energy research and is the device that I have devoted more research time to
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 2948, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
between. These stations could pump out as much wattage as they wanted to. Many
stations put out so much wattage that it was dangerous to be too close physically to the
transmitting tower. With this in mind it is not hard to see how he could get 8 watts out of
an antenna that was 70 feet high and over 100 feet long receiving a signal from a powerful
radio station only a few miles away. In 1912 he went to Sweden and returned in 1913.
While in Sweden he supposedly found his "Swedish stone" that allowed him to draw more
power than betore. Later in this talk 1 will give you my thoughts on exactly what I think
the stone was and where I think it came from. Using this stone in the early 1920's he built
the first generation unit which produced about 25 watts using a modified crystal radio with
the output going to a light bulb instead of a speaker.
( show moray-5 ) He kept on refining this unit until he could produce 100 watts by
1925. This was the second generation unit.
( show moray-6) This is the third generation unit which is again nothing more than a
modified crystal radio which is now hidden inside a wooden box. He kept improving this
same unit until it could produce around 650 watts for short periods of time. This 650 watt
unit is the unit that all of the testing by Harvey Fletcher and many others was done on.
This is the only unit that was ever tested for long periods of time. This unit and the fourth
unit were only ran for short periods of time, usually only a few minutes and never for over
one hour at a time with more than about a 200 watt load. The fourth unit could produce a
lot more power but it had the same limitation of overheating on long runs at full power
output. Again this unit could be ran for long periods of time but only with reduced loads
of less than 200 watts to keep the unit from overheating and burning up the "Swedish
Stone"
Let us now take a closer look at this second generation unit and see how it was
constructed.
( show moray- 5) This is a picture of this unit. As you can see its construction was
typical of crystal radio receiving units of that period of history. In order to understand
how it was constructed I went back to the crystal radio construction books of that period
The best information I found were these 3 publications from the Bureau of Standards.
( show moray-7) The first is a book called " The Principles Underlying Radio
Communications"
'. Although it is called pamphlet #40 is over 600 pages of some of the
finest radio principles and radio set constructions plans of that era. It was first published in
1918 and this second edition in1922. This was the bible of radio construction of that era
and would definitely have been used by Moray in the construction of all 4 of his devices.
(show moray-8 ) These two circulars also from the Bureau of Standards numbers 120
and 121 which show the detailed step by step construction and operation of a radio
receiver of that era.
4

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 555, "chars": 3200, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(show moray-9). As you can see the layout and components are almost identical with
the layout in our picture of the Moray device. We have the two coupling coils and the
tuning coil that we saw in the picture of the earlier unit.
( show moray-5 ) Now let us see what else we can figure out about the items in this
picture. There are two items that stick out rather quickly as not being standard for that
era or are trying to be hidden from identification. They are here and here. (moray-Sa for
readers ) The first item (#1 on Moray-5a for readers) appears to a Pickard detector.
( show moray-10 ) These are just four of the Pickard patents, the first is 1906, the
second is 1908, the third is also1908 and the fourth is 1909. These detectors use various
combinations of zincite (known as zinc oxide or triboluminiscent zinc), chalcopyrite (a
form of iron pyrite or iron sulfide), silicon (which is of the same family as germanium) and
bismuth metal. Does any or all of this sound familiar? It should, theses are all of the same
components as in the Moray detector patent application. Could these patents be part of
the reason Moray could not get a patent on his detector when he applied for it more than
twenty years latter?
( show moray-15) This shows the patent application date July 13, 1931 as shown on
pages 129 through 133 of the fourth edition. I have searched the patent records as well as
I could but I can not find a record of Moray's application. There probably was a patent
application in 1931, however it is my opinion that it was for his earlier unit which used the
Pickard type of detector and was denied because of Pickard's patents. It is sad that we
may never know the real story and exact time line here because of John Moray's
obstinance in releasing any information on his fathers work. With as many people
research. Thie sad par wo has here are today taneory villecond Moray witake the
complete story to their grave with them. It is my hope that John Moray will see the light
and release all of his fathers work before he dies, however having talked with him and met
with him on several occasions over the past few years I will have to say that this idea has
about as much chance as a snowball in Hades. Perhaps if enough people contacted him we
could change his mind.
( show moray-14) One of the few things I found of value in the fifth edition was a
passage that leads us to the next stage of the development of the Moray devices. I quote
from page 186 of the fifth edition, "In 1942, shortly after World War II began for the
United States, Henry Moray attempted to rebuild a Radiant Energy Device using the
remaining bit of what was known as the "Swedish Stone". This material, which was the
heart of his original RE detector, he had never been able to duplicate, and the shortage of
this material limited the amount of power he could draw. Consequently, in the larger unit,
he developed a second detector that forced him into extensive research involving nuclear
materials and radioactive reactions".
From this we see that Moray had used up most of the "Swedish Stone" he had brought
back from Sweden. Actually he did not use it up, he burned it up. Every time he tried to
5

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 568, "chars": 3319, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
draw large amounts of power for sustained periods of time he would burn up the piece of
"Swedish Stone" he had in the unit at the time. By large amounts of power I mean
anything over 200 watts for more than an hour of continuous running. He could draw
larger amounts of power, around 700 watts, for short runs of only a few minutes without
burning up the "Swedish Stone". There are several accounts in the Fletcher files of him
burning up the "Swedish Stone". At least one by Moray himself. From page 188 of the
fifth edition I Quote " Meanwhile the RE device had burned out during a test in Salt Lake
City because of an overload in the circuit. The so called detector was no longer operative"
End of Quote.
From all of this we see that before the end of the year 1942 Moray had destroyed the
last remaining bit of the "Swedish Stone" and was forced into research. This means in the
29 years between his return from Sweden in 1913 till late 1942 Moray had used up every
last drop of the "Swedish Stone"
'. Now he was forced to research radioactive materials to
find a replacement for the now totally destroyed "Swedish Stone"
( show moray-5 )(#2 on moray-5a for the readers ) Now back to our analysis of the
unit. This second item here is what I believe to be Moray's "Swedish Stone". As you can
clearly see it is in the input circuitry of the crystal radio and in-between the crystal radio
and the antenna. So what exactly is this little bauble that is so nicely taped up to hide it
from our prying eyes?
(show moray-11 ) Harvey Fletcher was well known in that era and received the Nobel
Prize for the development of the transistor. He had also witnessed the Moray device in the
1920's. He left his complete files to Bringum Young University before his death. In these
files there is a rather large section on his involvement with and other information on
Moray he had collected over the years.
I think this letter, dated October 8, 1928 that I found in these Harvey Fletcher files at
Brigum Young University in Provo Utah says it all. I quote from the letter, " He also took
a lump of lead treated according to his process which he has invented and used it in place
of the crystal, and got wonderful reception of radio - loud enough in fact, to operate a
horn speaker of the type put out by RCA about 1923".
". End of Quote.
The first mention of the "Swedish Stone" was in the publication "Beyond the Light
Rays" in 1931, two years after Murray O. Hayes made the statement in this letter.
Murray O. Hayes wrote this letter to a potential investor who sent a copy to Harvey
Fletcher and asked his advice is he should invest in Moray's invention.
Murray O. Hayes was at the time of this letter an investor and an officer in the Moray
Products Development Company. He goes on in this letter and other correspondence to
state moray had made full disclosure to him. I quote further from this letter. " This
machine has been operated in my presence so many times, under so many different
conditions of weather and season that I am positively convinced that it is what its inventor
claims it to be, and that its commercial adaptation is feasible. I believe that Mr. Moray has
explained all to me without reservation, and I am sure that this is a revolutionary and
echoic making invention". End of quote.
(Remove Moray-11)
6

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 596, "chars": 3344, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
T. H. Moray himself in the fourth edition in 1960 says he found the "Swedish Stone" in
a railroad car in Sweden in 1913.
Murray O. Hayes in 1929 says Moray invented the "Swedish Stone". T. H. Moray in
1942 in the fifth edition is quoted as to never having been able to duplicate the "Swedish
Stone"
He found it, he invented it, but he could not duplicate it! What inconsistencies we have
here!
My research has led me to believe Murray O. Hayes was telling the truth in his
description of the "Swedish Stone". It was in reality a lead alloy to which radioactive
material has been added while molten and allowed to recrystalize.
Before I continue with this scenario I would like to show you one particular patent that
has some merit.
(show moray-12) There are several patents that cover this type of action, this is only
one of the many patents covering this type of action in my book titled "Patent Data Base
for the Moray, Hendershot and Hubbard Devices" which contains the full copies of over
150 patents. Now we have a better idea of what the elusive "Swedish Stone" might be.
Again It is my opinion that the "Swedish Stone" was a lead alloy of some type with
Radium or other radioactive material added to it. It is my further opinion that some
amateur radio builder in Sweden gave him this material. Why do I say it was that and not a
stone? Simple deduction. Lets say it really was a rock he found in a railroad car as he
claims in the book. Why then when he was running out of the rock did he not go back to
Sweden and get some more? Knowing the type of rock and knowing that Sweden is the
general area there would not be any reason not to go back to Sweden and track it down.
Especially if the future of your whole invention rested on getting more of this material. It
would certainly be easier to go get more than to try and duplicate it in the lab. So did he
ever go to Sweden to look for more rock? NO he did not. Why? The only plausible reason
is that it was not a rock, it was something he obtained from someone while he was in
Sweden. So why not go back to Sweden and find this person and get some more or find
out how that person made it? Maybe that person was no longer available?
I have been in contact for almost a year now with a fellow researcher in Sweden who
has been helping me follow this scenario. I first got reports of this from a friend in Utah
and have had the blanks filled in from the researches done in Sweden.
This is the story I have been able to piece together over the past few years. While T. H.
Moray was in Sweden between 1912 and 1913 he was a missionary for the Mormon
Church. All Mormons must go on a two year mission, church rule. While on his rounds
going door to door trying to convert people in the back woods of Sweden to the Mormon
religion he met a particular amerature radio builder. From this person he acquired the
infamous "Swedish Stone". This person would not tell anyone how he made it, but did say
it contained lead and radioactive material. He would show people including Moray how it
would amplify weak radio signals when placed in a crystal radio set. The crystal radio set
he used was manufactured by the Erla company in Sweden.
Moray brought a piece of this material home and it was his ingenuity that used that
simple little bit of amplification to generate usable electric power.
7

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 559, "chars": 3208, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
What happened to this person in Sweden? As best we can determine at this time he
was killed in World War One which broke out shortly after Moray left Sweden and
returned to America. The secret apparently died with him.
I will continue to work with my contact in Sweden and hope to have names, dates and
places to offer as the final proof before my book is released, hopefully later this fall.
Now lets go back to this patent and see if we can figure out how to duplicate this
material.
This type of material and the types in the patents will give some amplification. Not a
whole lot but some. In one test I ran I used a particular alloy I had made and doped with
uranium which gave me a 12.5 watt output when used in a Moray type of radio receiver. I
ran this unit intermittently for several days with no degradation in output. My output was
nowhere near the 650 watts of Moray but if I had a megawatt AM broadcast station
nearby as he had maybe I could have gotten the 100 watts he had in the second generation
device. Also had I used multiple stages maybe I could get the 650 watts he had in the
second generation device.
( show moray-6 ) This was the third generation Moray device. Moray ran this unit until
some time in the late1930's and then nothing until the early 1940's. What happened in the
middle? One thing I did find out with my tests was the Moray type of radio with the alloy
in it was a beautiful regenerative receiver. It re-broadcast the station along with a lot of
noise that covered the whole bandwidth and interfered with radio and TV in the whole
neighborhood. Because of this I could only test it late night when everyone else was
asleep. If my little 12.5 watt unit did this what must a 650 watt unit done to all of Salt
Lake City? Also somewhere in this time period the Federal Government started regulating
radio transmitters to cut down on their power output and to keep them on trequency. This
would have hurt the Moray unit severely, greatly diminishing its output or maybe stopping
it completely. It is my opinion this combined with the lack of available "Swedish Stone" is
what forced Moray into the lab to look for another way to do things.
(remove moray-6 )
Before going on to the next stage of the development of the Moray devices I want to
give some insight to the testing and claims of this unit. Supposedly the Moray unit was
capable of putting out 50,000 watts. Well it did put out that much in one test, the problem
was how the test results were interpreted.
( show moray-13 ) This is another letter from the Harvey Fletcher file. It documents
the test in 1828 which the book says the unit had an output of over 50,000 watts. In the
letter a test was conducted with the unit sealed in a trunk. During the test two light bulbs,
one 100 watt bulb and a 10 watt bulb, were connected to the unit. This test ran for 83
hours and 34 minutes. After the test Moray connected a 575 watt flat iron and a 60 watt
bulb to the unit to prove that more power could be drawn from the unit. Now if you take
the 83 hours and 34 minutes and multiply by 635 watts you sure do get over 50,000 watts.
The only problem is that is a total power not an instantaneous power as they would have
8

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 597, "chars": 3448, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
us believe. In actuality the unit only produced a continuos output of 110 watts during the
test which gives a total of slightly less than 10,000 watts of total power production. One
more time the truth was distorted to give a different perception. But to many investors this
was enough to separate them and their money. The complete Harvey Fletcher files are full
of letters from potential investors wanting to confirm the stories they had been told before
investing their money. The files also contain Fletcher's answers to them explaining that
what said about the Moray device was being miss-represented. The files are full of
Fletchers opinion of Moray and what he thought Moray had really done. Here are a few
quotes. "it can not be investigated as long as Mr. Moray retains his present attitude." "In
my judgment Mr. Moray is not a scientific man at all and if he has anything worth while it
is by mere chance." if he has achieved something which is novel and useful it will be
merely by accident rather than as the result of organized research." "recent developments
have led me to question his sincerity." "I advised my friends not to invest any money"
"Those who have tried to promote the invention have been double crossed by Moray just
at the juncture when they needed his help to disclose the invention."
(remove moray-13 )
End of quotes. I strongly suggest any one interested in the true Moray read the
Fletcher files, it gives an insight into the man and his research that has never been seen
before. It also lends credibility to my long time theory that Moray did not know what he
had or how it really worked and he was afraid to let anyone who could figure it out get
too close because of his fear of them stealing it from him.
( show moray-16 ) This is a picture of the fourth and final unit of T. H. Moray. In his
research Moray came up with an acceptable type of alloy and a detector arrangement to
allow him to build the device shown in this picture. By staging these detectors in series he
found he could increase the voltage and current in each successive stage. This allowed him
to build up to a voltage of approximately 250,000 volts and a current of approximately 12
milliamps. If you multiply this out using the formula of P=IE you will find this comes up to
3000 watts. In the picture we have 35 light bulbs and a flat iron. The top six rows all
contain 50 watt bulbs. The five bulbs in the bottom row consists of 100 watt bulbs. The
flat iron which drew 575 watts is also plugged into an adapter in the bottom row. If we
add up all of this wattage we come up with a total of 2875 watts. This sure is a long way
from the 50,000 watts claimed as the output. However it must be remembered that this
much power could only be drawn for short periods of time as prolonged runs would
overheat and burn up the "Swedish Stone" or alloy as I prefer to call it. This device
worked by the direct conversion of radioactive emanations to electricity and not from the
conversion of some energy from space. The only energy from outside it needed was the
small signal it got from a local radio station through the antenna. This signal was necessary
only as a catalyst to both start and to sustain the conversion process. No form of cosmic
radiation was either used or needed in any of the Moray devices. They operated by the
direct conversion of alpha radiation to electricity with out going through a heat cycle as in
modern reactors.
9

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 2839, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Before I move on to other free energy devices I would like to give you my conclusions
on the Moray devices. Despite all of the dis-information and total lack of information put
out by the Moray's T. H. Moray really did have a working unit. It may not have put out as
much power as claimed but it did put out power from very little input and thereby qualifies
as a major step in the development of free energy. The distrust of T. H. Moray of
everyone who tried to work with him kept I. H. Moray from fully developing this product
and getting it to market.
(remove moray-16 )
Now let us back up to someone who showed more success and showed it earlier than
T. H. Moray. This person was a man named Harry E. Perrigo.
(show perrigo-1) There is very little information published on his works even though
he out performed T. H. Moray. As I stated earlier he predated and outperformed Moray
by producing 4500 watts in 1922.
(show perrigo-2 ) Here we can see some of the basic construction of his device. In
these drawings we can see the antenna for input of RF energy, the two lead plates with the
coll cores and colls. He stated the secret was in the cores plugged into the lead plates on
which the coils were wound. These coil cores can be seen here in the center of the picture
and consisted of a bundle of cut lengths of steel wire which were coated with a radioactive
material. The steel wires also acted as the magnetic core for the coil of copper wire which
was wound on it. The lead plates were only used for shielding against the radiation. The
radioactive material emitted alpha particles which were captured by the copper wire and
developed both voltage and current by being modulated with the incoming RF energy
from the antenna. Any voltage and current output desired could be produced by changing
the interconnections between the various coils. Again the direct conversion of radioactive
emanations to electricity.
Now let us move on to the Alfred Hubbard device.
( show hubbard1- ) The first picture shows Hubbard with his first device which
produced 100 watts in 1919 and the second picture shows his last device powering a boat
by driving a 35 horsepower motor by producing 26,000 watts in 1926.
( show hubbard-2 ) this schematic diagram shows how the unit was constructed. Again
we have steel cores impregnated with a radioactive material, Radium in this case, wound
with copper wire, interconnected coils to give the desired output voltage and current
desired and excited with an external source of a current as a catalyst. Again we have the
direct conversion of alpha radiation to voltage and current.
( show hubbard-3 ) The best detailed explanation of the Perrigo and the Hubbard
devices are found in the patent and these two books by Dr. Paul Brown since his device
operates in the same manner as both of these devices.
10

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2150, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2:7114.
(COEY)
eve
914 Continental Bank Bldg.
salt Lake City. Utah
ootobor 8, 1928
Is. R. Is inderbergo.
o/0 Ennis, inderberg % Company.
216 host th street
Ios Angeles, Callloria,
Dear Read:
in september 26, 1928, I Note you Iggarding a Comonatiation given
by lt. I. Ho loray to Dr. Harvey Fletoner of len York, B. I• Juda and the
WIIGOI, of the aquipment Minereby ll. Moral reduces coanio energo to
eleotrical energy for commercial purposes.
The letter made geniion of a suggestion by Dr. Fletoher that an
endurance test to determino how long a light will burn woula be valuable
intormition to havo, Acting on this suggestion "I. Moray has made such e
test.
I'he test was started on October 1, 1928, and mis conducted in lir.
lorat's laboratory in the brgement of blo iealdonce, 2484 south 5th zast.
city.
The aquipment, which was the same as I have been on saveral
pierica demonstrations.
inolualne the one made for Dr. Fletcher, was
arcIonod in tiro woodon boxes,
wnich were in turn placed in a truit hayini
trio holes bored in it to eunit connectinó ground and antenna vira to the
equipmant und tro additional holes of about one-ball and three-quarter
irob dlemeter respectively los vertilation and obbervation purpoies.
it. orgy begin tuling in at 7:49 aom. and suitohed on the Ilght at
7:59 a.m.
Two globes were used, a mauter globe of 100 watis capacity and
a pilot ólode of 10 watta capaciti; the purpose ol the two Ilghta being
=o incure continuoua burriliz of one at least, even thouga tno other
should fail.
The trunk was closed and sealed immediately alter tuning
In wid in the presunue of it. Io Ho loral, DE• "urray Hares, it. i. I•
Judd and the writer.
Railroad bealu of the foolprool autonitic botking
were used in sealino
Play were apflied on ürree dlfferer.
places and an accurate racord of thoir numbers und locations was kept by
tie #tite.
The trank ras the ordlrist wooder construction relnforced it
_ceit iron.
porod will and to obuerve the brightness of lighta and any other thires
rertimert to the test.
The follewine is a record of the inspoctions made by me.
Date
Time
october
$ 1928
Lights.
Burning or.
i: 50 a.m.
Moray-13

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 319, "chars": 2148, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(
(
(
:
a cars
BIA #2
October
Date
11me
1.1 gats
2, 1928
6:55 р.т.
3
8:40 aaio
3
6:30 pol.
4
7:50 a.т.
4
10:20 a.m.
Time of continuous burtoão 14 houra, 21 minutes.
Y. Moray telerboned ubout 11:00 a.m., natober 4, 1928, that the
light was out.
He stated that large poplar trees were being topped
near his laboratory and that in dropping to the ground the tops shook
the ground sufficiently to throw the detector out of adjustment and stop
the light. I was standing in front of hir. Moray's house wher the top of
one of the large trees fell and bow that a tremendous vibration of the
ground, wiion la somewhat bosty, took plaço.
IlI. Moray suggested that the three witness arragge a corvenient tim
to meet at the laboratory,
unbeal the trunk, Inspect the apparatus and
decide on further procedure.
st 6:30 pomo, October 4, 1928, with Moray, Hagea and Jensen present,
pere inapected and found to be O.F..
seal were then broken, tis
truni lid raided and the cover io the ton box unscrewed ard laken
off ani
the vetector only taken out. Mr. Moray shook the detector gently and we
all heard a rattling sound,
wilich lit. Moray pronouroad as the part of the
devecior jarred out of position when the trees fell.
ur. moray lurther
stated illat he thought he could adjuut it qulokly and started to do so
immediately in the laboratory and in our presence.
The detector 7a8
pronomiced O.F. and ready for Inatallation and further demonstration at
. 6:55 р•1.
he left Dr. Hayes in the laboratory to watch the equipment
while lola; and I veni upstairg to telephone to ll. Judd nho auribad that
he would come immediately to vatol the tuning in and sealing of the truni
judd arrived at 7:35 p.m. and tuning sturted Immediately.
was
obtairoů at
7:44 p.M.
deal ou aguil ine sano do boloro and an accurato record of sealo taken,
i lurüner lecord of tile Inapections bj the iciter 1oll0!à.
Cavoier
Date
I928
5
5
•
7
7
8
Time
7:74 p.m.
8:20 a.m.
7:15 p.m.
5:20 a.d.
10:00 a-mn.
1: 35
poil.
9:10
10:35 a.m.
5:25 p.m.
7:18 a.m.
Burning c.I.
11
1t
11
"
19
Time of continuous burning 83 hours, 34 minutes.
It was docided late sunday nght thut the test hould be discontinue

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 501, "chars": 2992, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3Li #3
konday morning, Cotober 8th, and accordingly Heaura. Moray, Hayes, Jada
and Jenson
were at the loray laboratory at 7:00 a.m. to conoludo bame.
fl1 deals were exumined carefully and found to be o.x..
The trunk Iid war
opened and !!I. Horay made a demonstration by beating a Hotpoint flat-iror.
то. "P 37-5.
oataloó 115, E 51, watta 5ib, volta 110, made by Edison
Electrical
aprilance
Company, and at the same time an an additional load
he lighted
a 60 watt lamp.
I. lioray demonstrated further by taking the antenna wire off and
allowing
to go out at 7:18 a.mo, and aitor a brief interval =e
tuned in
and ¿ot the liiht agnin at 7:22 a.m. He then put on five 100
watt laura, all of which were lighied brightll, then discornocted and los
the licht at 7:24 a.M.
After an interval of a minute he sturted tuninó 1
aguin anù cot the light In one minutes time and again Ilahted the fiva
100 "att lan!d.
wiich the apraratus stood by bitting it a moderate blow with a hammer.
The lightb flickered a time or two ard then vent out and 1t was Imrossibl
to bring them baoz by tuning in in the regulia munner or ocherwise, thua
indicating that it was the far of the falling trees that was solely respo
sible
lor the Ilahts going out on Octoter 4th• Durirö the period of th
test lessis. Hayy and Juda
in soveril occagions it. moray nould diuconneot the antenna wire
momertsrily, but not loné encurn to lobe the light. In disconnecting
cornectire the interna vire a flash of electricity could alwars be
soen at lie connecting point. Cr ore cocasion lI• Moriay turned
regul:I li hts on in the bezement, then went uputairs and ofened the
meinline swiüch that cuts all house Ilghts off.
trunk contirued to burn while the others were out•
xitEx Durin, the entire tast the lights burned evenly and brightl!
nithout flickering and
trero was no change in the brilliano; noted from
day to day. It was noted that the 100 matt, tipe ra", elode, bought
new for the teat, had a dark spot in the glass orposite the filament
wien it was talenoli, indicating that It yould not laat much longer.
blight rattle co ld be heard in the globe when it was arasa
shalen lightly near ones ear.
he globe, however, way utill good as It
lighted when attached to a
se gular ligatinz clicutt.
LItOI
those ¡emonstraiions the equiement was taken out of the trunk,
the wires discinnected and
the respective tarts, With the exceptior of tr
deiec.or, examired ard hal. led by us.
"I. lora, made one evorstration not mentiched above to the vriter
"rile i:0
ord; :08
It con late: of li ulra = 100 :ctt globe
fro
conneitiono
with the
antonra
lichi "ds burrito ine linto multie toe trunk burned diul, and then cus-
chair usual bri niness when the other lichu was thier off.
Ino tout his a vonderful demonstration.
The inventor wis frank and
open
In all tinei and bad di
indiect carelully and to our sutisfaction
that theze wore no hidden
wires of Eke connection. and I feal Foritire
there were none.
Jours pai; tIuly.
(Signed) E. G• JEISEI

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 81, "chars": 452, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
@ 0s THE SEA OF ENERGY I Waitt
THE EARTH FLOATS

T. HENRY MORAY
SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Published by AZTEC PUBLISHING Moray-2

: ~ * =o m aa 5 ), - =, NT RR a ael
= a em PME Ts Sat ee eer ee re ae eS ce ie
Aye) a ie 3 “4 Cod te mes te rect PRA LESS. es i pis Die thier
2 SY eee 4 ins
et # ea,

“Tae eee Goectienels wk

ay
* ?. -# .

Poa Ate ne, z ede nt = ' mw ~ . - oe whet ety ca tlt
Pere Sie ose he . we a ad Fatal .~ . ' ~ = A y. ne - nF tee “fm yo

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 116, "chars": 775, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"L':
-:
• ==
..0.
:
•
RADIANT ENERGY
***
*
For Beyond the Light Rays Lies the
Secret of the Universe
The Evolution of Eneigy and Matter
***
*
Originally compiled for the Layman
in 1926 from excerpts of the
Writings of
Dr. I. HENRY MORAY
2484 South Fifty East Street
Salt Lake City, Utah, U.S. A.
In the study of these pages one should consider that both matter and
radiations have corpuscular properties as well as wave properties. The
corpuscular properties are evident when recognized as highly localized
events oi very short duration with specific values of electric charge, "
energy and mass. I'he wave properties can be proven in different ways
which have been proven and taught for so many years.
COPYRIGHTED 1945 & 1956
By I. HENRY MORAY
ALL RIGHIS RESERVED
Moray-3
•

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 445, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
a eo ee SEE ET ALTOS OLR POH AT Sgt SOE ee

;
i omy || Eaplanations of
I rink > “« e
: ti el the Oscillations -
tees naa A *
iS HES’ | lof Radiant Energy
: esas?” as 1 TH. MORAY
oe
Si ‘
id eee re eee ee eee ee ee, ae ae ae, ee ie. | ee
to _. a
Noise rtenat ts Mia RAN cat atl te Xe Sn at cetcns oe  Be les ok atte.
Published By AZTEC PUBLISHING Moray-4
615-888 3428 www.aztecpub.com
: ry Se LA WRU TIRE, me TERE ye NO “— Tee gt ne ARE Saar sac

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 18, "chars": 115, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
oe . *

f: -
UA te ph be ce he
fo ow

eab:..3
i

.~*)
2 *

r:
ae

es
thas Sig t¥

Vette

Oy ee
‘’ ee,
a]

i
7
:
f

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 243, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
i

i" MeN HERA eH

LA : *
woth

MAES

3s ap

pt v .
math te “oe Phe. -

A,
4; ‘
et

47 pe ps

+ NOOphts

J .

Cite, & “ee eet
ah tnt geht oly

Sime at]

Fig. 11

ape ae rm tn argh gra MES

Dr. Moray tuning third generation device

Moray-6

»
