{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T08:19:16Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1259649, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119000-cold-fusion-times-winter-1994.pdf", "source_sha256": "1105b0c60185d1a49fe116e5e5892d1aa7150e7b013c6816c6a5e8205d181ccf"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 505, "chars": 3457, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4
COLD
Metallic palladium (at left) is
shown fully loaded with
deuterium, an isotope of hydrogen.
Heavy water (DO, on the right) is
the source of the isotopic fuel used
in some "cold fusion" reactions.
Notice the hydrogen lattice within
the palladium lattice.
FUSION
TIMES
4th International Cold Fusion Conference
from MAUI - Four days of idea swapping and resource sharing, intense lectures of
ISSN# 1072 2874
Volume 1 Number 4
WINTER 1994
theory, material science, nuclear physics, and a few developing businesses. The cold
fusioneers reported enjoying the "thinning out" of the few remaining skeptics along
with having to deal with a cornucopia of many new papers and laboratories confirming
cold fusion phenomena.
New developments occurred. More than 150 papers, and
of them more than 100 were experimental papers. Many are discussed here. So stay
informed on Up-to-Date News from California, Boston, Illinois, Texas, Utah, as
well as Russia, Italy, China, America, UK, Japan and France on CF materials,
theories, nuclear products and emerging technology.
THE JOURNAL DEVOTED TO
RELEVANT SCIENTIFIC AND
ENGINEERING RESEARCH OF
THE NEW HYDROGEN
ENERGY
copyright 1994
JET Technology
from China Lake, California
from Sapporo Japan
RHODIUM: NEW MATERIAL
U.S. NAVY CONTINUES
DEVELOPMENTS
POSITIVE EFFORTS
Much more, information has appeared confirming
SUPPORTING COLD FUSION
rhodium as a useful alloy with palladium to be used as the
At the International Conference on Cold Fusion
material into which to load the isotope of hydrogen. Several
(ICCF-4) there were scores of confirmations of nuclear
papers appeared from several Japanese investigators at IMRA
and thermal products created by several cold fusion
(Japan) including Drs. Akita, Hawegawa, Hayakawa, and
phenomena. These confirmations ranged in numerous
Tshuchida. The following excerpts from one of the papers
systems including heavy water (with and without
compares the Pd-Rh alloys to the previous much touted Pa-Ag
lithium), Dz gas, and high voltage glow discharge
alloys. This is followed by reviews from other labs of data
systems. Many materials have now been successfully
involving silicon, thiourea, samarium, cerium, yttrium and
loaded with deuterium. The US Navy has distinguished
more.
Continued on page 7
itself by both generally supporting the field [including
Who is the choice of both the
partially sponsoring the EPRI meeting] and by high
COLD FUSION TIMES'
and
caliber research including the continued efforts at
DI. Fleischmann's for author of
demonstrating the linking of helium-4 with the excess
the BEST ICCF-4 Experimental
heat.
Melvin Miles and B. Bush, of the Chemistry
Paper? The COLD FUSION
TIMES, based on Delphi-type
Division, Research Department Naval Air Warfare
polling around the United States,
Center Weapons Division China Lake, CA spoke of
awards Dennis Cravens of Texas,
demonstrating "ash" consistent with a nuclear process,
exceptional
personal
where that ash is helium-4. Their paper "HEAT AND
achievements contributing towards
HELIUM MEASUREMENTS IN DEUTERATED
an understanding of cold fusion,
the
Andrew
M.
Riley
PALLADIUM" is the COLD FUSION TIMES' choice
Memorial Citation for the Best
for the Summa cum laude experimental paper from a
large laboratory given at ICCF-4. The following are
Prof. Dennis Cravens
Experimental Paper presented at
the
ICCF-4
International
excerpts from their important paper.
Conference.
Continued on page 2
Continued on Page 3

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 795, "chars": 5543, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OF
CONTENTS
Riley
Award
ed
with Heat
Plants
2000
Les
appents
uctors
at IPRI
from Texas:
PHOTON IRRADIATION INDUCES
COLD FUSION
Photon irradiation activates cold fusion.
This has been previously suggested and is now
demonstrated using radiofrequency photons at
the University of Texas (ASEMI) by Prof. J.
Bockris (at ICCF-4, December 1993)]. Prof.
Bockris discussed the triggering of the phenomenon
by this method.
"Two types of triggering the Cold Fusion
effects have been studied. The first type concerns
electrochemical triggering, employing Low-High
Current sequences of the type introduced by Bockris
and Hodko and later by Takahashi. During this
pulsing, the D/Pd ratio remainod at about 0.83. The
increase in tho electrolyte temperature during the
period of high current indicated an excess beat which
was ~17% higher than that computed on the basis of
classical
electrolytic theory.
The overpotential
measurementa on tho Pd indicated a value of about
350 and 950 mV during low and high currents,
respectively. The other kind of triggering involved
Radio Frequency stimulation at MHz, frequencies and
at 20-100 mW intensity while maintaining the applied
d.c. The temperature of tho coll electrolyte increased
within 30 minutes and the,, excess heat,, amounted to
approximately 24% above that oxpected on classical
grounds."
[Go "TRIGGERING AND STRUCTURAL CHANGES IN COLD
FUSION ELECTRODES" J. O'M. Bockria, R. Sundaresan, D. Letto und
Z. S. Minevaki Department of Chemistry, Texas AdM University, Teras ]
COMPOSTON TIMES
ramzine available for borne of office delivery
COLD FUSION TIMES brines up-lo-dato, ralevrat infornation to Ita
readeri, zad aa open forura for all views on cold fuzion
The COLD FUSION TIMES is not resporblo for the commcats of ite
sporters or tradera mboro worda teain protocted by the Fint
Arcadmeat of the U.S. Constitution
Questions, commente, eugecdiona, and contribulors are melanie,
For aubecription irformation ace pago 7.
For editoria infotnation
or write COLD FUSION TIMES
PO. Box 81135
Welleelay Hill, MA 02181
copyright 1994
JET Technology
JET
FUSION
Technology
U.S. NAVY: PRODUCTS OF COLD FUSION
HBLUM 4 IS LINKED TO THE EXCESS HBAT 2°
continued from Page 1
"Our previous results present a correlation between the measured excess poser and
helium production in D2O-LiOD electrolysis cells using palladium cathodes. The
measured rate of "He production (10''-10° 4He/s*W) is the correct magnitude for
typical deuteron fusion reactions that yield helium as a product. ***** Metal
flasks were used to collect the electrolysis gas samples in order to minimize
atmospheric contamination due to helium diffusion through glass. The helium
concentrations in Table II support a detection limit of approximately 10'3 *He/500
mL in these experiments as reported previously. Mean values for the measured
helium concentrations in these control experiments are 4.4 +/-0.6 ppb or 5.1
+1-0.7 x 10" He/500 mL. .. For experiments producing oxcess power, five
helium measurements using these same motal flasks have been completed.
These experiments yield a mean value of 2.0 +/-0.5 x 10"1 4He/s*W after
correcting for background levels of helium measured in control studies
(Table II). This value is once again the correct magnitude for typical
deuteron fusion reactions that yield "He as a product."
Corroborating their excellent work are many other results at ICCF-4
We thank the U.S. Navy in supporting their efforts which
have been affirmed elsewhere.
ICCF-4 continued the demonstrations of
science in this field, and was consistent with the results of the Third
International Cold Fusion Conforence (ICCF-3) reviowed by Dr. V. Rohn,
United States Navy.
Whilo tho excess power-density lovols approaching 1 kW/om' which, wero reported in
1989, havo not been reproduced or quantitatively verified, power lovels of ordor
0.1-10 W/em3 have boon roported by many rosoarchert using a number of different
experimental arrangements and various substancon.
the Porhaps the clearost
scientifio faot, at this timo, is the hardest for physicists to accept: muolear reaotions
apparently do occur in deuterium-loaded Pd, Ti, and probably in other solids"
[Rehr, V., Ahmad, L, "The Third International Conference on Cold Fusion"
Scientific Information Bulletin, Office of Naval Research Asian Office
NAVSO P-3580, Vol. 18, Jan, 1993]]
from Palo Alto, California
SONIC INDUCED COLD FUSION
Russ George and Roger Stringham left the audience wide-eyed with their
presentation showing time-lapse imaging of collapsing bubbles filled with De. The
bubbles were created by ultrasound using cavitation techniques. As the collapse of the
bubbles occurs, the bubbles inject their gascous contents into the metallic palladium.
Helium-4 is formed and in some cases so much excess heat has been generated that the
palladium has melted! Here is an excerpt.
"Cavitation Induced Micro-Fusion"
"Bubbles produced by an acoustic field
adiabatically collapse creating very high energy
systems called jets. When the liquid for the bubble
formation was heavy water (DO) and the surface on
which the bubble collapse was palladium foil, three
measured originating in the
palladium foil lattice. The first was excess heat,
where there was production of enough pulse heat to
melt the lattice and enough continuous heat to
sustain excess output of 90 watts for periods of up to
three days. The second was the production of a small
amount of 'He."
[photo: Roger Stringham E-Quest SciencesPaloAlto,
Califomia]
Roger Stringham takes a point
as be teaches at ICCF-4

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1061, "chars": 6640, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PEOPLE IN THE NEWS
POWER PROFILE OF THE MONTH
AT THE HELM OF EPRI -
DR. THOMAS O. PASSELL
COLD FUSION
TIMES
3
Continued from page 1
As cold fusion scientists diligently continue to fine tune
and confirm their research, there are certain people who herald
special recognition for persevering in a storm of doubters.
Sharing information and organizing ways for others in the field
of cold fusion to better understand this phenomenon takes
from Vernon, Texas
DENNIS CRAVENS
WINNER - 1994 ANDREW RILEY MEMORIAL CITATION
We congratulate Dr. Dennis Cravens of Vernon, Texas as the winner of the 1994
ANDREW M. RILEY MEMORIAL CITATION - for excellence ir
xperimentai work. This citation was suggested and originally published in Fusic
acts. Here are some excerpts from Dennis Cravens' abstract and paper present
More in the next issue.
major league effort and commitment.
Thomas O. Passell, a Project Manager for the past 18
years at the Electrical
Power Research Institute
(EPRT) in Palo Alto,
FACTORS EFFECTING THE SUCCESS RATE OF HEAT
GENERATION IN CF CELLS
Some factors have been empirically discovered to effect the success rate of heat
generation in open CF cells. These include
California, is this issue's
Person of the Month for
his steady support of
loading at low current densities (‹60 mA/cm2) until well into the beta phase,
cold fusion and by
delaying addition of poisons (Al, Si, B, Thiourea) until after the beta phase,
pre-loading by gas at elevated temperatures, adding materials to increase diffusion
assembling
and
rates of D (Li) and using thin films of Pd on Ag to decrease loading stresses.
executing an outstanding
INITIATING REACTIONS by dynamic conditions by rapidly changing the
Fourth Annual Cold
temperature (changes of 30 degrees or heating to 80 degrees C), suddenly
Fusion Conference in
increasing the current density (by about an order of magnitude, exposing the
Maui,
Hawaii
in
cathode to B field variations in the RF range, quickly changing the pressure,
December, 1993. The
vibrating the cathode with ultra-sound
event
attracted
AVOIDING SOME KINDS OF CONTAMINATION by eloctrolytically
approximately 260 scientists and other cold fusion watchers at
cleaning the anode material, placing anode connections well out of the cell,
the Hyatt Regency for four days and nights of concentrated
keeping hygroscopic uptake to a minimum, and preventing inclusion of
research and developments in the field.
diamagnetic materials at the surface of the cathode.
Dr. Passell earned a Ph.D. in chemistry from the
SELECTING HOST LATTICE MATERIALS by avoidance of voids and fold
University of California in Berkeley, studying heavy elements
formed Pd, uniform polishing of cathode surface, avoidance of sharp edges and
above radium and electron spectroscopy.
Most of Dr.
convoluted forms, identifing good regions for electrodes by bubble formation and
surface coloration, and using casted and cold rolled materiais.
Passell's past work at EPRI had to do with corrosion control in
LOADING THE CATHODE IN A UNIFORM MANNER by selecting
nuclear power plants in the steam making loop. Later, his
geometry to avoid large variations in E fields over the surface of the cathode,
primary interest and extensive experience focused on
assuring the uniform surface texture of the cathode, avoiding sharp comers on the
bydrogen and palladium at a similar project at SRI (Stanford
cathode, proper construction of anode, and using low current densities with high
Research Institute).
cell resistance (› 5 ohms) during initial loading stages.
Dr. Passell's involvement in cold fusion was triggered by
the famous Pons and Fleischmann announcement on March
(Continued from is lie l he Incred - Hittingor on DENNIS CRAVENS
23, 1989. On March 24, Dr. Passell wrote a memo to his group
at EPRI who was in charge of initiating research. He said that the ease at
which cold fusion could be tested without a very big investment was worth
a try. "The electrochemistry is the nature of corrosion. And I had been in
the corrosion field for the past 14 years when you get right down to it. I
thought we ought to be able to get into this business from' the ground
floor. I thought 'if it's true than we're into something very big and if not,
we would learn something new about palladium and hydrogen since we're
interested in that for other reason's" said Dr. Passell.
A number of his colleagues felt cold fusion was "too good to be
true". Based upon the flow of positive results, Dr. Passell continues to
endorse and boost cold fusion research and discussions whenever he can.
Nearly five years since the excess heat announcement, Dr. Passell, along
with countless other scientists, believes the data speaks for itself. "I'll still
feel good about it as long as there is enough support to do something."
After all, he says, ""I'm betting my career on it."
- by Gayle Verner
COLD FUSION TIMES thanks EPRI and others who organized and contributed
to ICCF-4.
"Dennis Cravens gave a very entertaining presentation on work done in his
home lab. Lots of good slides bur very few precise numbers were given. The
talk was an attempt by Cravens to discuss the good "recipes" he had found for
producing heat. Siow loading was recommended up to around 6 and then he
polished the electrode with an aluminum oxide powder. He also used a finer
photographic polisher afterwards. Then he resumed loading to higher levels by
adding poisons to the electrolyie. Smooth cathode design and a large platinum
anode covering most of the surface area of the cathode needed. You did not
want any point to be able to outgas at a level greater than the rest of the Pd
surface area. Showed the use of an 82 MHZ. 100 milliwatt exciter a la Bockris.
After loading when you are ready to go you need to suddenly raise the
temperature and suddenly raise the current density.
In his closing remarks Cravens showed the use of a smail cell inside the
waler tank of one of those small water pressure powered model rockets. He
used lightwater cells and heavywater cells in these rockets. He then used boil
off effects in the ceils to launch. The lightwater cells were able to rise to an
average height of 5cm. The laughing was very loud at this point but I believe
the average height of a heavy water cell boil off was 30cm. Cravens said the
patent office wanted to see the device actually doing something before
granting any patent. Hmmm. It was a very well received talk and in his
conference summary Dr. Fleischmann said that he enjoyed Dennis Cravens talk
the most. I found myself clapping at the end. Cravens is the first guy that I
have seen try to do anything with the alleged excess heat".

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1482, "chars": 9959, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION
THEORIES
*****
This issue begins with a new column on theories of cold fusion. Edward
Lewis offers both historic and
physical theories and Harold Putoff has
leveloped Zero Point Energy [ZPE] both of which are introduced here.
from Chicago, Illinois
The following is from Edward H. Lewis, Chicago, IL, a scientist with technical writing
and superconductivity experience. He is developing theories involving anomalous physics
phenomena and his hypothesis that anomalous phenomena are produced as sets at
approximately 80 year intervals.
Luminous Tornadoes and Other Plasmoids
EDWARD LEWIS
Anomalous phenomena are produced as sets at approximately 80 year intervals. And
new kinds of theorics which resolved the phenomena were first formulated it approximately
80 year intervals since about 1506 when Copernicus first formulated his theory. The sets of
phenomena have patters, and one fundamental phenomena of the curent set is that of
plasmoid phenomena.
People have often seen bright or luminous tomadoes. According to prior research, a
large percentage of tomadoes are bright or glowing, and people have experienced that some
are quite hot(I). Storms on the Earth are probably an atmospheric manifestation of earth
plasmoid activity, according to Tesla's experience of diminishing surges of electricity in the
ground that accompanied a storm that was traveling away. Even clouds may be such a
manifestation, a plasmoid phenomena. And clouds may convert to bail lightning. People
have seen clouds which contained a glowing spot, and one case is fairly documented that a
cloud with a glowing spot produced a tornado. Tomadoes seem to be a locus for the
conversion of substance to light and clectricity. The power of tomadoes is anomalously
high. People have seen lightning from a large area converge to the area of a cyclone, but
this seems to only be part of the reason for the power. People have seen tomadoes that had
parts that were so bright that they described the phenomena as being too bright to look at
though the toradoes were quite a ways away. One person reported that as a tomado passed
by it was "just as light as it is when the direct sun is shining" for about five minutes. One
observer reported(2) that a tornado that had a part that seemed to be constantly bright passed
9 blocks away from him and was too bright to look at.
Tomadoes and ball lightning seem to be the same type of phenomena, though bail
lightning is smaller. I would say that the cold fusion phenomena is a plasmoid phenomena.
Poople have produced many types of phenomena including traces and holes and tunnels that
are similar to those produced by plasmoid phenomena. It seems that tiny plasmoids like ball
lightning are being produced. In several earlier papers I described that I suspected that
much of the sparks that people see during their lives are actually tiny BL-type phenomena,
and that these may be produced by fracturing rocks. The noise is probably similar to that
which is produced by larger BL-type phenomena, except that it seems that larger BL-type
phenomena produce lower frequency sounds perhaps together with higher frequency sounds.
As an example of the sound of an extremely large size of BL-type phenomena in the
atmosphere of the earth, tomadoes have been reported to produce a fairly low pitched roar
like that of a very long and heavy train that is being puiled by a locomotive, but people have
also reported a loud sound like millions of bees associated with another tomado.
W. Bostick produced that which he called plasmoids by discharging through
electrodes. Bostick wrote a paper that was titled "Plasmoids" that was published in
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN in 1957(3). He may have been the first to apply this term to this
phenomena. In this paper, he had already began to tell others about his speculation that
galaxies and the phenomena he produced were sunilar. He compared the shapes and the
travel of these things. He also speculated a little about the identity of "particles." He shows
pictures of different kinds of plasmoid shapes in the article and related these to different
kinds of shapes of galaxics. Many people including Bostick, Alfven who is a physics Nobel
Prize winner,
Peratt(4) and Lemer(5) have developed similar astronomical theories that
model the universe as plasmoids and that can be said to be derivations or summarizations of :
the experimental work of W. Bostick and others. It has become evident that atoms can be
defined as plasmoids, especially as according to the phenomena produced by Ken
Shoulders(6).
Continued next issue -
1) B. Voanezul and J. R. Weyes, Luminous Phesona
197, 87 (October 1957).
Accompenying Toradocs," WEATHERWISE, 19-2, PEA
4) A. L. Perall, C.-G. Feliberamar, and N. Rym, "Guce
66-68 (Apr. 1966); E Voraegut and J. R. Wayer,
Editorial: Plane Experimonte in the Laborziory end ia
Lisaloons
PheDomens
in
Noctumal
Toraadoes,
Spros," IEEE TRANSACTIONS OF PLASMA
SCIENCE, PEA 1213-1220 (Sopl, 1966).
SCIENCE, 20 (do. 6), 573 (Dosember 1992).
2)F. Montgomery, "Some Obscrrations on the Torzedo at
5)Eric Lemer, THE BIG BANG NEVER HAPPENED,
Blackwell, Oklahoma 25 May 1955,- WEATHERWISE, 9
New York, 1991,
(00. 3), 97 (hac, 1956).
6)K Sboulders, REtergy Couverdon Uning High Chergo
3)W. Bonick, "Plasmoids," SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN,
Dennily, US Patent Number 5,123,039.
from Austin, Texas
THB BNERGETIC VACUUM:
IMPLICATIONS FOR ENERGY RESEARCH
H.E. Puthoff Institute for Advanced Studies at Austin
INTRODUCTION
Modem physical theory,
specifically quantum
(QED), tells us that the vacuum can no longer be considered a void.
This is due to the fact that, even in the absence of matter, the
vacuum is neither truly particle nor field free,
but is the seat of
virtual particle-pair (e.g. electron-positron) creation and annihilatior
processes, as well as zero-point-fluctustion (ZPF) of such fields as
the vacuum electromagnetic field, which will be the focus of our
Formally, the energy density
associated with the
electromagnetic ZPF background is
With appropriate high-frequency cutoffs the ZPF energy
density is still conservatively estimated to be on the order of nuclear
energy densities or greater. The enormity of the figures describing
the vacuum electromagnetic zero-point energy raises the question as
to whether these numbers should be taken seriously, whether they
are due to some defect or misinterpretation of the theory, whether
the ZPF fields ought to be considered as 'virtual' or 'real". There is,
however, no question but that the PF fields lead to real, measurable
physical consequences. One example is the very real Casimir force,
an experimentally-verified ZPF-induced attractive quantum force
between closely-spaced metal or dielectric plates.
analysis by Milonni, et al, at Los Alamos National Laboratory
shows that the Casimir force is due to radiation pressure from the
background electromagnetic zero-point energy which has become
unbalanced due to the presence of the plates, and which results in the
plates being pushed together. (We will discuss this effect in more
when we address the possibility of ZPF
extraction) Other effects which can be traced back to interactions
involving the ZPF fields in a fundamental way include the Lamb
shift (the slight perturbation of the emission lines seen from
transitions between atomic states), the van der Waals chemical
binding forces, the stabilization of atomic structure against radiative
collapse, quantum field mechanisms underlying the gravitational
interaction, and spontaneous emission.
To understand just what the significance of zero-point energy is, let us begin
with a simple harmonic oscillator. According to classical theory, such a
harmonic oscillator, once excited but with excitation removed, will come to
rest (because of friction losses). In quantum theory, however, this is not the
case. Instead, such an oscillator will always retain a finite amount of "jiggle".
The average energy (kinetic plus potential) associated with this residuum of
motion, the so-called zero-point energy, is given by: « Ex= ha/2, where "h' is
(h= 1.054c "4 joule/sec) and "o" is the frequency of oscillation. The meaning
of the adjective 'zero-point' is that such motion exists even at a temperature
of absolute zero where no thermal agitation effects remain. Similarly, if a
cavity electromagnetic mode is excited and then lett to decay, as shown in
Figure 2, the field energy dies away, again to a minimum value « E›= bo/
half a photon's worth), indicating that fields as well as mechanical systems
are subject to zero-point fluctuations. It is the presence of such ZPF 'noise"
that can never be gotten rid of, no matter how perfect the technology, that
sets a lower limit on the detectability of electromagnetic signals.
I we now consider the universe as a whole as constituting a giant cavity
hen we approach a continuum of possibie modes (frequencies, directions) o
propagation of electromagnetic waves. Again, even in the absence of overt
quantum theory has us assign an «Es= hold to each mode.
Multiplication of this energy by a density of modes factor then yields an
for the spectral energy density that characterizes the vacuum
electromagnetic zero-point energy
There are a number of properties of the zero-point energy distribution given
in equation 1 that are worthy of note, First, the frequency behavior is seen 1o
diverge as w?. In the absence of a high-frequency cutoff this would imply an
intinite energy density. (This is the source of such statements regarding a
purely fonnal theory.) As discussed by feynman and Hlbbs, however, we
have no evidence that QED remains valid at asymptotically high frequencies
(vanishingly small wavelengths).
Therefore,
we are justified in assuming a
high- frequency cutoff, and arguments based on the requirements of general
relativity place this cutoff near the Planck frequency (-10'5 cm). Even with
this cutolt the mass-density equivalent of the vacuum ZPF fields is still on

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1039, "chars": 6925, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
COLD FUSION TIMES
from Cumberland, Maine
from California
"Calorimetric Studies
For Seyeral Light Water Electrolyti
Cells With
Potassium
Carbonate
Sodium
Carbonate
Electrolytes and Nickel Cathodes"
- 1993 Paxton Lectureship Winner
Charles Beaudette is a consulting engineer in Crmberland Maine.
at MIT, inventive in image compression, he
now writes on political and
technical issues including yeilow rain and cold fusion
R. Bush and R. Eagleron
COLD FUSION AND THE PRESS
Physics Department, California State Polytechnic University*
and
Future Energy Applied Technology, Inc. (FEAT)**
Charles Beaudette
"New developments in
science have always held my
attention.
Beginning with my undergraduate days at MIll, I have followed them at i
airly technical level and 1 have continued to do so during 32 years of
Results will be reported for calorimetric studies with several
cells employing light water based porassium carbonate and
carbonate electrolyte and employing nickel fibrex (fine nickel mesh)
electrodes, Highlights will include the following:
(1) Two otherwise
"identical" potassium carbonate electrolytic cells
havo been run in series except that the electrolyte of one employed
de-deuterated water with only 1% of the heavy water contamination
of the nanopure water of the other electrolyte.
The fact that the
excess powers at the same current density were identical within the
limits of the experimental error supports the results of Bush's!
carlier mixing experiments, which employed cells constructed by
Bagleton, indicating that there is a genuine light water excess heat
effect that is not due, as some critics have claimed, to the known
heavy water contamination of light water.
(2) Certain impurities such as aluminum and silicon? appear to be
important for achieving, and boosting, the heavy water excess beat
effect.
It would not be surprising that such co-factors may also exist
for the light water excess heat effect. Experimental evidence is
presented in support of a hypothesized co-factor for the light water
excess beat effect achieved with & nickel cathode.
"NO COMMENT"
ASK
MARILYN°
BY MARILYN VOS SAVANT
from
PARADE
Magazine
Dec. 19, 1993
starting over
-to
Marilyn voa Savant
cun be educated on
cold fusion by
writing ASK
MARILYN, Parade,
750 Third ave, New
York, N.Y., 10017
So WHAT'S
THE QUESTION?
The answer was "Cold Fusion." Here are some of your
questions:
"What happoned to Rudoiph the Raindeer & tongue
when he mistook the North Pole for a candy cene?"
-Loland Kutuz, Salisbury, Md.
"What was the tabloid beadine when the two moti
famous Arctio explorers were margiod?'
-Don Sheare, Overton, Nay,
"If you have rosst fusion for dinner one right, whet
do you hava for lunch the naxt day?
—ohn Geoghogan, Laxington, Ky.
The next answer is: "The Three Laws of Motion"
IMPACT
Cold Fusion Impact
by Hal Fox, Ed. Fusion Facts
(see Page 10)
cold fusion, my interest is also piqued by the public assault upon its two
ublic figure has become a deplorable commonplace of our communa
ife. The two discoverers of cold fusion now live and work in France ano
It has come to that. The major
media definitely agree with the Times on the meaning of the cold-fusion
story. There is nothing
there except unmitigated scientific hype.
A
umber of refereed scientific journals, such as Fusion Technology, Thi
Journal of Fusion Energy, The Journal of Electroanalytical Chemistry and
several others are willing to run the gauntlet of elite opprobrium and
publish cold fusion technical articles.
the opposition to such articles
owever, has not reached the point that it did during the anti-nuclea
power days, when opposition to publication of particular articies, such as
the Inhaber Report,
was overtly organized
and orchestrated.
The
preeminent scientific journals Nature, Technology Review, and Scientific
American that write for a broad audience are now closed to technical
Closed daces on out me saying tee ele
closed to discussions about the merits of studying
About the existence of cold fusion on do one
appearance in Scientific American of a 10 page article purporting to show
that "yellow rain,'
bec
" as it was called, was merely the excretions of honey
sWIms.
A similar situation
has arisen now with regard to the
credibility of cold-fusion research results, but with & new twist.
As you may be aware, Scientific American is printed in many countrie
vith more or less identical page content except for language. But in eac
country it is a separate publishing venture
The Nikkei publishing
Japanese version under the name sajensi
(Science. Publich 1992 is yene Japanese dion, the results ot
Takahashi's experiments and consequent theoretical musings were well
reported in a story covering two pages and with what I Will cal quantized
information-What others
some
American
might call actual numbers. Naturally enough,
scientists
called searchers periodically
announce
astonishing results. Akito Takahashi of Osaka University recently claimed
excess power from an apparatus similar to the one originally used by Pons
and Fleischmann. Yet Taknhashi's results remain unreproduced by other
researchers and unpublished in a peer-reviewed journal. Notice that when
this was written it had only just happened. Twelve months after, Scientific
American's readership had not yet been informed that Takahashi's work
had been
published
International
Journal of Applied
Electromagnetics in Materials [3 ( 1993) 21] in 1992, nor had they been
informed hat his work had been reproduced by Dr. Edmund K. Storms at
the Los Alamos National Laboratory, and published in Fusion Technology
23 (1993) 230] in 1993, even
Takahashi's claim represented 'astonishing results." (Ed. Readers of the
COLD FUSION TIMES were aware The critics chose to trust only the
nuclear physics of 50 years ago. They pointedly ignored the law of energy
conservation, a much older and more fundamental regimen . So what'
There's nothing particularly wrong with being wrong,
except being
wrong. On such a matter as this,
they will find themselves in excellent
company, and a lot of it. But how are we to explain the largess of vitriol
that has and is being siung at Stanley Pons and Martin Fleischmann? Ir
this protracted conflict between theory and experiment always remember
what it is that makes science science.
Experiment prevails over theory.
Theory never bows to experiment. The excess cnergy of the lons an
leischmann cell has beeri competently demonstrated. Finding its sourc
is a wholly legitimate scientific enterprise now well underway. Nature and
Scientific American magazines have greatly hindered this scientific work
by heaping calumny on those scientists engaged in identifying its source
The scientific search for the origins of excess energy, and possibly
immortal renown, will continue unabated in foreign laboratories. We must
allow this exploration for the indefinite future as mother nature guards her
secrets with great jealousy."

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 598, "chars": 3929, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
THE PATENT PAGE -
Analysis of the Intellectual Property Field in
Cold Fusion
from the United Kingdom
First UK Cold Fusion Patent
deuterons combine
there is the question of understanding whether
rydrogen or deuterium absorbed into a metal retains its atomic form,
with a satellite electron screening it from external matter. If the ator can
shed its
electron
contribute it to the free conduction electron
population, then the hydrogen nucleus, be it proton, deuteron or triton is
exposed.
In approaching these questions the inventor stresses that it is manifestly
wrong to regard the nucleus of any atom as comprising neutrons and
protons. Neutrons are only known experimentally in their short-lived free
state and even then can be said to be formed from an antiproton and a
fluctuating entourage of electron-positron pairs plus a positron. This is
justified from the related explanation of single neutron diffraction and the
recise theoretical derivation of the negative magnetic moment of thi
neutron,
See
the
inventor's papers:, * causal
diffraction', Physics
Letters
vol.
10S am
for neutron
th p. ez (nots, of minute, there, are undoubted composed of.
protons andror antiprotons bound, togetner by
other charged particles,
including electrons. 'The deuteron, in its most simple form, comprises two
protons bound together by an intermediate electron. This is shown in the
second of these references.
Un this basis there is justification for regarding electrons as providing
the binding action which can hold three protons together to form the
triton from two deuterons which shed one proton in the process.
All that then is required to realize the possibility of deuteron fusion is
an understanding of how enough energy can be available to stimulate two
deuterons and an electron into a relationship close enough to allow the
Coulomb forces to pull them together so that the repulsion of the positive
charges is more than offset by the attraction of an electron sitting between
them.
with secion 2400
Et The landsa
hermal power generation by electricall
ontroded lon fusior
01 H H|
paj
Morty Dete
pI) 8008571
107 deletes putted
specification the
2231195 has len
granted to Harold
Aapden,
respect
of
in
an
invention
disclosed in an
appication
for
that patent having
13 February 1990
13 February
being an invention
for
"Thermal
power sectricion
electrically
controlled
fusion'
ion
THERMAL POWER GENERATION by
ELECTRICALLY CONTROLLEDION FUSION FIELD
OF INVENTION
"This invention relates to the control of the fusion of hydrogen isotopes
absorbed in a cathode conductor,
It is now known that, when a palladium cathode is used in the electrolytic
decomposition of heavy water, the deuterons which find their way into the
palladium can, once the concentration builds to a sufficient level, be caused
to combine
in what appears to be a process of nuclear fusion of the
deuterons other than electrolysis.
BACKGROUND OF INVENTION
The basic problem concerning
this fusion
discovery
is
that of
inderstanding how energy sutticient to overcome the fusion threshold car
be avallable in low energy apparatus. An equally basic problem is that of
understanding how the actions in a solid conducior can influence how two
BE A
SUPPORTER and
FRIEND
Please renew your
subscription
(see page 7) instead of
photocoping. ОК?
form or by any mess, belling
We want to thank the many readers,
ontributors, supporters, helpers
onsultants, and friends who have
contisued to belp bring the
COLD FUSION TIMES to
fruition.
This includes the Memory
Location, Software Tool and Die, and
our other advertisers. We bope your
support them!
Wetro preparing lha neat luave of this joura!
which now basi
Wo lavito you like to submit a contatation,
Ifomation in this field
COLDFUSION TIMES
Waltering He 163
021€
Our
Favorite
Cartoon
of the
Month
by Dana Summers
BOUND &
GAGGED* THE
BOSTON
HERALD,
12/20/1993
BOUND & GAGGED *
By Dana Summers
RADIATION

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 665, "chars": 4933, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7
COLD FUSION TIMES
MATERIALS CORNER - This issue: Rhodium, Samarium, Cerium and More
from Sapporo Japan
Continued from page 1
from Ekaterinburg, Rust
THE INFLUENCE OF CONDUCTIVITY ON THE NEUTRON GENERATION
The following are excerpts from:"ELECTROLYTIC HYDROGEN /
DEUTERIUM ABSORPTION INTO Pd, Rh AND Pd-Ag ALLOYS
IN FUEL CELL TYPE CLOSED CELL" by H. Akita, Y. Tsuchida,
Kubota, Kubota, Kobayashi, Yamamoto, Hasegawa, Hayakawa and
Kunimatsu IMRA JAPAN CO. LTD.]
The Rhodium story was
further investigated
in comparison with
silver by Hasegawa.
PROCESS IN PROTON CONDUCTING SOLID ELECTROLYTES
A L. Sangin, A. N. Baraboshkin, I. V. Murigin,
S. A. Tavetkov, V. S. Andreev, G. Vakarn
620219 Institute of High-Temperature Elochochemistry,
Russian Academy of Science, Ekaterinburg, RUSSIA
The coid fusion process accompanying a generated nudear emission (neutron, for
example was observed in sods with different conductivity types: in metals, tungsten
bronzes", segnetoelectric, and proton conducting solid electrolylest!
• In this case the
...
= 8°
investigation of the phase transition influence resulting in a change of conductivity in the
"The effect
of
cathode materials
on the loading was
studied
by
comparing
the
loading
ОД
Pa,
Pd-Rh alloys and
Pd-Ag alloys.
****
Cathode
pretreatment
was
-n M
standardized
to
polishing, degassing in vacuo at 200°C for three hours and
electrochemical surface cleaning by scanning electrode potential
between 0.4V and 1.5 (vs. RHE) at 50 mV/sec. for ten. minutes
under hydrogen or deuterium gas before pressurizing the cell.
****
D/Pd on Pd higher than 0.9 can be achieved by surface modification."
neutron generation process is of great importance. The proton conducting solid electrolyte,
possessing only prolonic conductivity in the high lemperature region, was selected as an objact
of our research. The method of this investigation is described in this volume. The sample's
thermocycling after filing the coll with deuterium and eiectrolysis revealed a neutron emission
exceeding the background on the level 4 o during definite temperature intervals. When a high
deutenum pressure was producad in a cal (up to 3 aim), the sample's partial reduction was
observed, accompanied by the sample turing black The sample reduction resulted in a
sustained electronic conductivity with air atmosphere al room temperatures. The fact that the
neutron genaration process stopped after the sample reduction may relate particularly to moxed
electronic-cationic to electronic conductivity passage.
The livestigation of this douterum-solid state system's property permits a now
interpretation of anomalous nudear-plectron effects. The same behavior is in agreemant with
D Pd-10a196Rh
one of the main conditions of cold fusion - the formation during deuterium saturation in strongly
0.74
nonequibrium conditions of the local inhomogeneous zones with an abnormally increased
2
deuterum atom concentration relative to the lattice atoms", with a hypothesis of formatting the
regions with dielectrical properties in Pa'.
Here we may mention that the discovered effect is in agreement with the neutron
emission observed In monocrystals of tungsten bronzes? during the changing of the alkali metal
concentration (for example, by replacing with hydrogen isotopes), which produces
semiconductor and dielectrical layers. Cument obsarvations also correlate well with the
investigations of deuteron emission from solids
with segnetoelectric-delectric or
segnetoelectic-ion conduction? This presents peculiarities of the nature of conductivity that
may also be useful in understanding both mechanisms which have a common origin in
electromagnetic curent behavior in dense medla, and capilary fusion in special structures with
channels s
D/M =1.0 can be achieved for Pd-Rh alloys where
VL=Pd + Rh."
"Electrolytic Deuterium Absosption by Pd-Rh Alloy
Cathodes in Fuel-Cell Type Closed Cell"; Nana
HAYAKAWA, N HASEGAWA, Y YAMAMOTO,
K KUNIMATSU [IMRA]
"The loading ratio on Pd-Rh alloys increases with
Rh content as well as overvoltage.
Maximum
deuterium loading ratio on each cathode is as
follows: D/Pd=0.89
on Pd, D/M=0.95 on
Pd-5at%Rh, and D/M=1.0 on Pd-10at%Rh.
Copying and processing costs have increasec
so OUR PRICE MUST RISE TOO :-(
BUT SUBSCRIBERS PAY THE SAME with this coupon.
ON MARCH 23, 1994 THE COLD FUSION TIMES,
THE BEST INFORMATION-DENSE-PACKED
COLD FUSION JOURNAL AVAILABLE GOES UP TO
$120.00 PER YEAR
ORDER NOW and SAVE !!!!!!
(*) STUDENTS WITH ADEQUATE IDENTIRICATION MAY CONTINUE TO
RECEIVE STUDENT SUBSCRIPTIONS AT $40.00 YEAR.
****‡**‡************
**************************************
Clip and send to COLDFUSIONTIMEL
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
NEXT ISSUE: DETAILS ON SULFUR,
YTTRIUM, MORPHOLOGY, Japan's new
NEDO program AND MUCH MUCH MORB.
[Can't wait? You may order a Technical
Report Now. Details are on Page 10]
NAME:_
COMPANY:
STREET ADDRESS:
CITY: —
STATE:_
COUNTRY:
COMMENTS: _..

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 725, "chars": 5266, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
from Denver, Colorado
NOVA: A COLDFUSION
THERMAL
ELECTROLYTIC CELL
"The Electrolytic Thermal Cell,
or ETC, reflects the goal of assured safe
operation at temperatures
to 350C,
pressures to 3500 psi (250 atm). and
electrolysis input powers up to 1 kw. The
core of an ETC unit is a high pressure
electrolysis chamber of thickwalled
stainless steel construction with a
structurally embedded cast silver thermal
dissipator in its lower section. The
dissipator is tightly coupled to the
calorimeter or boiler section, which has
an integral, pressurized coolant (working
fluid) reservoir
****
The
containment
vessels
thermally isolate the experiment as well as
protect the experimenter and laboratory
from overpressure events. The outer
containment vessel, which encloses the
entire
calorimeter
and
electrolysis
chamber,
and the inner containment
vessel, which encloses only the upper
portion of the electrolysis chamber, are
vacuum insulated, double-wall, heavy
gauge stainless steel shells, as are the
calorimeter/boiler/reservoir
walls.
The
normally evacuated space between
the
inner components and the outer vessel can
also be filled with neutron moderation and
absorption materials."
"The
coolant,
a fluorinated
organic
liquid.
is
thermosiphoned from the reservoir past
the thermal dissipator, where it boils.
Entrained droplets are then centrifugally
to pass through flow measurement devices
separated from the vapor and returned to and into condensing
coils. Recondensed
the reservoir. After a secondary demisting coolant is pumped back into the boiler
stage, the satarated hot vapor exits the ETC reservoir at its working pressure, up to 750
psi (50 atma)."
ETC rev 1.0
AuT 3L 1993
[from APPARATUS FOR
SAFELY EXTENDING COLD
FUSION INVESTIGATIONS TO
HIGH Temperature, pressure. AND
INPUT POWER REGIMES; HE
Ransford, II, S.J. Pike Nova Resources
Group. Inc. (ICCF-4; December 1993)]
As the five
year
enniversary of
the
announcement
of cold fusion
approaches,
DIs.
Fleischmann
(left) and
Pons (not
shown
continue their
efforts which are now supported by
scores of laboratories and several
theories.
'Their detractors have been
decimated as positive papers and ideas
continue to roll in corroborating that
initial announcement.
MIT IAP 1994 3rd Annual
COLD FUSION SEMINAR
(**) Sal Jesary 22, 1994 9:004:30 PM
busette lastitle of Teorology,
Cumbridgo, Massachusette
fourth
orimetr
theorice
materials,:
cried at MIT. Open anly lo mombers of the
dette sad alumailie,
from Massachusetts
JAHN-TELLER SYMMETRY BREAKING AND HYDROGEN ENERGY
IN GAMMA-PdD:
Keith H. Johnson of M.I.T: Cambridgo, MA presented his developing theory of cold fusion.
The following is from his abstract discussing cold fusion as the storage of the latent heat of
water.
In 1989 ("), we proposed a common quantum-cbemical basis for superconductivity nod adomalous electrocbemical
properties of palladium loaded with bydrogen and deuterium, derived from H-H/D-D bonding molecular orbitals at the Fenni
between tetrabedral interstices ("gamma-phase"
PdD).
Syraretry-breaking
anharmonic
vibrationa
of the
protons/deuterons, induced by the dynamic Jahn-Teller effect, promoto superconductivity in PaffPdD at Ic = 9110degk, while
the large vibronic ankarmonicity explains the inverse H/D isolope shift of Ic. The calculated deuteron vibronic amplitude of
0,46 A implies a closest D-D approacts of 0.76A between neighboring tetrabedral aites and a fusion ite of only approximately
10**(-24) per deuteron pair per second in gamma-PUD it ambiert temperature, much too small to explain reported "excess"
beats. Ab initio quantum-chemical calculations for gamma-PdD further indicate
that the "chamels" connecting tetrabedral sites provide, vin the Jahn-Teller effect,
an "orbital palaway" for bulk catalytic recombination of atomic deuterium to
rapidly diffusing didewterium, the recombination boat equaling 9.4cV per Pd alot
or 102KJ per cubic ci, of palladium per unit diffusion cycle time, equivalent to the
storage and relense of latert heat of 2,5 moles of beavy water. While the diffusion
cycle time dependa on cell conditiora, for cycles beween 1 and 100 minutes, this
procesa could generate 17 to 1700 watts per cubic cuz of stored latens best in
garna-PdD, cough to explain the Pons-Fleischmann "heat-after death"
phenomenon. The inverse isotope effect implies a slower bydrogen recombination
to dibydrogen and slower dibydrogen diffusion in gamma-PH, leading to
negligible latert heat power from Pd-based light-water cella. Nevertbeless, this
mechariam could explain reported heat generation from light-water cella wing
nickel cathodes, where recombination of atomic hydrogen to dihydrogen is a rapid
If (110) surface or near-surface phenomenon
* K.H. Jobrson and D.P. Clougherty, Mod, Phys. Lett, B, Vol. 3, p. 795 (1989)
Luminescence and microsperka of
titanium bolts in potassium carbonate
solution- from "Searching the Enorgy
of tho Universo - Photographa of AC
Eloctrolyris of Wator', I. Yukiraura and
T. Matsumoto
presented at ICCR 4
No Portion of this journal may be reproduced, stored in a
retrieval cystero, or transmitied, in any form or by ery
means, including electronic, print, photocopy, mechanical
recording or otherwise,
without the prior penmission of
JET Techno
do COLD FUSION TIMES

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 749, "chars": 4913, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
from Japan
continued from page 7
HIGH TECHNOLOGY MATERIALS PAGE - PROTON CONDUCTORS
Many new materials were reported at ICCF-4. Another of the most interesting was the SrCeO, material described by Mizano.
Anomalous Heat Evolution from SrCeOs-Type Proton Conductors during Absorption/Desorption of Deuterium in
Alternate Blectric Field by Tadahiko Mizuno, M. Enyo, T. Akimoto and K. Azumi, Hokkaido Univ., Sapporo, Japan
The cold fusion phenomena were tested with use of proton conductor solid electrolyte plates maintained at 300-400 deg C. An anomalous level of excess heat
evolution of the order of 100 walt cm'? was observed during absorption/ desorption cycles of deuterium-containing hydrogen gas under application of an alternate
electric field, »ve A common system widely employed is the electrolysis of heavy water using Pd electrodes, in which one reason of experimental difficulties is that
deuterium charging into the sample requires extremely long time. Takahashi (2) observed a large amount of heat generation by employing cyclic changes of current on
Pd in heavy water electrolysis. This suggests that a kind of perturbation in electric current may be advantageous. Yamaguchi (3) reported a clear evidence of 'He
production from a Pd plate whose each faces were covered with MinOz and Au film, respectively, in this work, the sample was believed to contain comparatively low
concentration of deuterium, and it was healed up to severai hundred degree centigrade by an electric heater. This may mean that quick raise of temperature is
advantageous, in spite of the view that solubility of deuterium is lower at elevated temperatures. However, the condition of heat and other reaction products showed
very low reproducibility and no controllability. Common to these cases, a kind of triggering might be helpful in this reaction. With the consideration that the reaction
may occur with a chaotic state caused by the movement of proton in an array of the atoms of the specimen, we have tried to use proton conductor ceramics at suitable
temperatures and to apply an altemate electric field.
Samples were made from a mixture of SCO, CeO2Y20, and 0Nb20s powders. Mixed oxide powder was once sintered in a furnace at 1440 degC in air for 24 hrs,
and was pulverized, again mixed and filtered to 400 mesh. The powder was pressed to form a plate of 0.8 cm diameter and 0. 1 cm thick in a pressing machine and was
again sintered in a furnace at 1460 degC'in air for 24 hrs. Both sides of the sample plate were then coated with porous Pt film, 0.05-0.15 micro m, by applying Pi paste
and calcination at 700 deg C for 24 hrs.
Sample was held with Pt plates of I mm thick
pressed to both sides and fixed on a copper holder (5 x
4 ×2 cm) with a thin (0.1 mm) mica film in between Pt
and a Ni plate which is comected with a stainless
Stoel-coated thermocouple. ... Reaction cell is made of
a 5 mm thick stainless steel cylinder with 8 cm
:7-x==6+11
diameter and 30 cm long. Sample temperature was kept
TO COLDLY GO
WHERE NO ONE
HAS GONE
BEFORE
constant by means of a stabilized power supply. The
electric field was supplied from a function generator
via. a power amplifier, The electric power was
recorded continuously by means of a recorder and two
leit from Farade Magazim
9/12/1993
LAUGH
PARADE
by B. Hoest and I. Reiner
digital voltmeters for current and voltage. ...
The
samples were healed by the heater and the temperature
rose up to a constant level of e.g. 383 deg C. within
one hi. The deuterium gas was then introduced into the
reaction vessel: Temperature once fell down to 360 deg
C, but it again started to rise, attaining 410 deg C after
Hey, Myerson How foes the cold
fusion axperimentpr
5 hrs and this temperature was maintained at least for
20 hrs at which the experiment was terminated. in the
Despite the cartoons,
progress rolls on as the first
four issues of the
COLD FUSION TIMES
demonstrate
other cases of hydrogen gas with the same type of
sample or dummy sample in deuterium-containing
hydrogen the temperature fell down to about 270 deg C
within one hr and stayed there afterwards. This type of
temperature fall should well be accounted for as due to
increase of heat loss caused by thermal conduction of
hydrogen. A small difference recognized between and
hydrogen is probably caused by a small difference in
their thermal conductivity.
Peter Hagelstein (right) and Hal Fox (left)
were featured speakers at ICCF-4 who also
contribute
to
the
MIT IAP
The heat
generation from the proton
conductor
in
the
experiment
Cold
of
deuterium-containing hydrogen
Fusion
gas
WAS
Seminar
estimated to be approximately 50 watt (~ 100
Series.
watt cm-2) over 20 hrs, or ~ 3.6 MJ in total. The
input power given 1o the sample was +18 V,
+1-40 micro A, or 7.2 x 10-4 watt. Accordingly,
the output-to-input power ratio was estimated to
be as large as 7 x 104.
See
page 8 for
more
details.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 591, "chars": 4295, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
from Podolsk, Moscow Region, Russian Federation
GLOW DISCHARGE
EXPERIMENTS CONFIRM
COLD FUSION
Further confirmation for the existence
of
nuclear products being formed by cold fusion
(i.e. loading of isotopic material into a material)
comes from other systems of cold fusion
phenomena which now include both gas-filling
systems and gaseous glow discharge systems in
addition to the aqueous electrolytic system first
described in March 1989 (Fleischmann). For
example, although much much later, Kucherov
(1993) has confirmed the cold fusion processes
in the gas glow discharge systems.
"The results of four years of experimental work on
glow discharge in deuterium with cathodes made of
palladium and other materials are presented. About
500 oxperiments were made.
****
Discharge current varied in 10-100mA and voltage in
100-500V range
***** maximal measured excessive
heat was about 30W and about 10KJ, about ten times
the heat that could be produced in chemical reactions
with existing deuterium and up to five times the
electric input.
Excessive beat was observed in about 50% out of
78 experiments in which calorimeter was used.
In different experiments heat production was not
correlated with neutron or gamma fluxes, but in a
separate experiments it was.
****
Neutron
fluxes with intensity up to 10'm/S were observed by
activation of silver foil 3He-filled detectors and
scintillation detectors. Neutron spectra showed neutron
energies up to 17MeV with anomalous shift to high
energies (five orders) relative to d-d reaction.
Gamma-spectrometry showed low level radioactive
isotopes formation.
Together with half-life
time
measurements it allowed to identify some of the
isotopes, such as Rh and Sr isotopes. Most of the lines
(~100)
are
still
unidentified,
Non-background
gamma-lines sometimes can be seen for few days.
Most
of the gamma-lines appear in lower
than
300KeV region.
X-ray films outside the chamber with led screens
show some beam-like spots with energy 100-200
KoV.
Charged particles registration with SSB and CR-39
detectors
showed
good correlation of the
results
obtained by these methods. Maximal observed fluxes
of charged particles were ~ 10°S.!.
*****
X-ray film with lead screens showed X-ray fluxes up
to 10° s1] with soft (‹ 1KeV) and hard (10-30KeV)
components. Sometimes characteristic
X-rays of
palladium can be seen with Ge-Li detector.
Ifrom "Calorimetric and Nuclear Products Measurements ai Glow
Discharge in Deuterum": Yan KUCHEROV, Alexander KARABUT.
Inima SAVVATIMOVA Scientific industrial Association "Luch".
Podolik, Moscow Region, Russian Federation (1993)]
FOR THE WORLD
(more information)
A VERY SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY
Went to Lear About COLD FUSION?
Sposint- only $99 (
2) 'COLD FUSION IMPACT by Hal Fox
(3) A l your Ribecaption to COLD FUSION TIMES
andile to COLD FUSION TIMES, BOX C-3
* add $15.00 [US eureD
onlyplent, loronderi
gutsido of the Unitod Statos of Arocrica
Offer ends March 1, 1994 aud is void abore sol alloa
10
The World
A Public Information Utility
Software Tool & Die
1330 Beacon Street, Suite 215
Brookline, Massachusetts
02146
oftice@worlc_std.com
617-739-0202
THERMAL
CELL
(sco rEvieW on pago 8)
FO. BOX 4$OS9I
Draver, CO 80243
003) 433-3342
PAX (303) 791-4140
NOVA RESOURCES, GROUP
COLD FUSION TIMES
Published quarterly. Annual subscription
rate is $12.00 per year.
Single issues are $46.00.
Thero in an estra postage zad bandling charge of
$12.00 per ytas [US curreaty only pleasa) for orders
outrida of the thilled Staite
P.O. Box 81135
Wellealey Hille, Massachusetts 02181
The Cold
Fusion
Newsletter
One (I) yEar
(bimonthly) $180.00
PO Box 60642
Palo Allo, CA
94306
Minnesota Cold Fusion Allianco
82 223 Ridgewood Minneapolis, MN 55403
carriod in FUTURICS tod
FUTURE
TRENDS NEWLETTER
Cold Fusion Research Advocates
#2060 Peschtree Industrial Coun
Suite 312-F
Chamblee, Georgeia 30341
FUSION
"COLD
FUSION"
Magazino
A Waype Groca Prblicatioo
WGi Center
Dubacriptions: 800-234-8458
JET
Technolog
afomation availablo brouch COLI
• FUSION
TIMES - ox J-94
FUSION st
FUSION FACTS
P.O. Box 58639
Salt Lake City, UT
84158
(801) 583-6232
12 iasues (1 year) $345
BOOKS
AVAILABLE ON THE SUBJECT
OF
COLD FUSION
$24,95
FIRE FROM ICE
ere in an extra postege end bendling chauzo ol so
[US cuncnicy only plcase]
r order ousut of l
mitod States

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 1238, "chars": 7913, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
WHAT'S
HAPPENIN
[including Nows from the INTERNEI (2I
NEWS FROM THE INTERNET
The view of one Conferoo - Mark Hittinger
created "Now Hydrogon Enorgy" with 30 million dollar
funding over a four year period. NHE is underneath MITI.
Dr. Floischmann gave a sbort talk on colorimetry with
emphasis on "Simplicity and Accuracy". It looked good as
[Ed: At Maui, all present reported that the cold
fusioneers were exceedingly gracious to the few skeptica
who showed up to occasionally pitch questions which
ranged from nor-sequitur to inelevant.
gave the akeptics time to speak and suggested offering a
"FLYING PIG" award to the akeptic who contributes the
best efforts to keep mainatream science away from the hard
reality of cold fusion the longest.
Meanwhile on the sets immediately following ICCF-4.
this is one of the main problems with the current work. If
you have never heard him speak I'll just say he is an old
world smoothie and a pleasure to listen to. He began
apeaking of building a model of their calorimetry using
lincar and son-linear regrstioD....
McKubre - It looks like he is gaing to a lot of trouble to
set up good experiments which will satisfy critics.
perticularly nifty experiment involved a machipe which
would process a spool of palladium wire through several
Essentially the machine is a little
bugs@NETSYS.COM (Mark Hittinger) offerod his
commenta. Some of his excerpts follow.]
adjustment" factory which then fed into a heavy water cell.
Flectrades would rach out and touch the surface of the
wire to induce electrolysis in the treated wire segment. I
"Random notes on ICCT4-Monday from an interested
observer, Caveat: My background is Computers and
Economica, not the natumi scienoca... In Japan they have
was worried that the wiro segments were not "chopped" off
before using (or didn't appear to be. Ibe surface of the
palladium wire could be treated in many different ways
LETTER CORNER
NUCLEAR BYTES + HOT FUSION
* "PLEASE! You're ruining my eyesight.....
Best,"
Arthur C Clarke, Sri Lanka
* "Just finished reading the #3 edition. You've
got a good thing going there although the font is for
Best wishes.
youngarle Beaudette, Cumberland, Maine
SLEY TilL
d0, cess
USA
Sorry.
We are progressively increasing in font
size and will continue to do so as the support
increases.
Thank you both for the note and careful attention.
* "I was very happy to that you are Cold Fusion
Times as Hal Fox is Fusion Facts, George Miley 1s
Fusion Technology ... I am convinced that (COLD
FUSION
TIMES) will play an important rolé in
our war against ignorance, ill-will and stupidity..
new journal is a joyful event. I wish you success and
hope to contribute to this success!"
Peter
Gluck,
Institute
of Isotopic and
Molecular Technology, Cluj-Napoca Romania
Thank you very much for the support. George
Miley and Hal Fox would probably also agree. ;)
11
before going into the cell to measure its excess heat if any. Yet
another of a series of talks that seem to have an "optimization"
theme to it. Instead of a matheratical model attempt McKubre
fools like he is going lo attempt to brute force a search for the
more favorable conditions.
Bockrin - speaks of the damage of cathodes indroed by
loading.
A very interesting talk. If he loads too quickly the
damage is greater. Damage allows D to escape easier.
Darrage prevents high loading ration which are considered
important to obtain the effect. Therefore damage and fast
loading are back Load with low current density - under 35
Alcis - this is considered good. Cabodes that produced
excess beat were examined by surface leaching. Inceresting
"hexagon" shapes appear. Also "microvoids" litle empty
apheres nround 2000 angstroms across. I was fascinated with an
off topic diacusaion of using 82, 365, add 533 MIZ 100
miliwatt input to
"excite/enhance" the
reaction.
The
frequencies I list are just an approximation Bockris showed
math in his paper giving the actual froqueacies to 4 decinal
places, i.c. B1.xxxx Mhz. Others at the conference were very
big on putting a coil of 100 milliwalt 82thz energy around
their clls. Bockris also says the effect is enhanced by the
introduction of 200 gause and 800 gaus magoets outride the
cell. Another optimization kind of there but one which does
not involve the cathode impurity issue. Bockria appears to like
scar pure catbodes. [Ed, more on this in this issuc - page 2].
Dr. Pone and "Heat Aftor Death" - if you boil an open cell
with light water until the water is gone the cell "diea". (The
electrolysis stops) You then measure the temperature of the cell
as the cathode cools. You get a cooling curve, If Dr. Pons does
this with beavy water the tempernture stays high and does Dot
go down with the expected curve. The temperature will begin to
drop off and then go back up a little before coming down again
It looks a lot like the curve of a crashing sock market - it
doesn't go directly down and there are several attempts to move
back up. The cooling curve of the heavy water cell is anotalous
and P&F call this the "beat after death' cffect.
Iramura gave a detailed talk on loading Ad and then
beating the Pd to release the Dz gas. They did not try to achieve
high loading ration. It appears that they went to great effort 1o
prevent background contamination. He presented a formula of
(I production = DT ion contentitotal pressure). He stated that a
Dear surface reaction is indicated, not a bulk effect Using
alminum us a surface irtatment yielded more neutrons and
boat. I noticed that many people were playing around with
aluminum this year. Claimed What I was more reproducible then
neutrons or beat. Iwamura did pot sec any HPd results. The
paper itself talka about I being 6 times the background but he
also said that they had soen 40 times background.
Lida'a group reported on foils of Pd and Ti. Aluminum
surface treatment was mentioned. Unusual perks of neutron
emission at 3 and 7 Mev.
Srinivasan's group gave a talk on light water/tritiura results.
Many experiments were run with mostly nickel cathodes and
light water. Exoess beat in suppreased by the presence of
auything made out of stainless steel in the electrolyte. On
Monday Srinivasan stated that the Tritium production was seen
in cella with Li electrolyte only;
Hittingor - on Cravone Continued on Fage 3
from Rome
Nuclear Power in Homes
(Continued from Page 12)
present-day nuclear fission reactors on the scrapheap. In fission, atoms yield up
their energy when they are split. In fusion, which powers the sun and hydrogen
bombs, energy is released when atoms fuse together. But the process has yet to
be taken beyond the realm of experimental reactors so expensive that countries
have had to club together to afford them. Fleischmann and Pons aroused
worldwide debate by saying their experiments showed nuclear fusion achieved
with a simple apparatus made up of the metal palladium and deuterium, a form
of hydrogen found in seawater. Pons said increasing numbers of scientists were
now able to reproduce the energy-generating experiments, although they were
still at a loss to explain exactly what was happening. "We stand by the fact that
it is a nuclear reaction," said Pons, who runs the IMRA research institute in
southern France.
COLD FUSION TIMES
Publisher and Editor: Mitchell Swartz,
P.O. Box 81135, Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts 02181
(617) 239-8383
Internet address: mica@world.std.com
Contributora and Congultants for this issue: Gayle Verner, Stepben Beer, Ted
Roberts, Malcolm Partridge, Suzanne Triborn, Eugene Mallove
Jed Rotawell, Julius Mariania, Richard Goldbaum, Heidi LaFlectc,
Jellery Tolleson, Don Towne, John Voci, and Jayne Yaffe
COLD FUSION TIMES is published quarterly. Soe Page 7 for
details.
Annual subscription rate is $120.00 per year.
Single issues
агс $46.00.
There is an extra postage charge outside North America of
$12.00
per year, US currency only please.
©194 JET
160210101 lighta Recerved

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 1822, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VOLUME
1
NUMBER
4
WINTER
'94
TO:
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts
02181
NUCLEAR POWER IN
HOMES POSSIBLE BY 2000
-SCIENTISTS
by Yann Tessier
Rome, Nov.28 (Reuter) - Two scientists who
sparked a furor with claims of nuclear fusion in a
test tube, promising unlimited, cheap energy,
said on Sunday a household powerplant using
the method was possible by the year 2000.
Professors Martin Fleischmann and Stanley Pons
triggered worldwide controversy in 1990 by
saying they had harnessed fusion - the energy of
the stars - with & simple apparatus costing a
handful of dollars. Their findings astounded
nuclear scientists who have spent billions of
dollars trying to hamess nuclear fusion.
Scientists were unable
to reproduce
the
experiments, leading to claims the two had made
a mistake. But Pons told Reuters on Sunday:
"The technology for a small device, enough for a
household, is there." fI don't see why it couldn't
be done in the next six years"....
The two have
developed an apparatus which they say produces
enough energy to kegp a household light bulb
alight for 15 minutes,
but Fleischmann said
they wanted to double its capacity every year.
"To get a reasonably large device, one is talking
of a few years, said Fleischmann, a professor at
Southampton University in Britain and a
member of the country's respected Royal
Institute. He also spoke to Reuter by telephone.
For over 40 years, physicists have pursued
fusion as the answer to
mankind's energy
problems, a technology that would
Continued Page 11
Published quarterly
ISSN# 1072-2874
TIMES
FUSION
COLD
Subscription & Editorial
information:
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135. Wellesle
Hills, Massachusetts 02181
COLD FUSION TIMES
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE
HAS GONE BEFORE
copyright 1994
JET Technology
VOLUME 1 NUMBER 4
WINTER '94
