{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T18:27:01Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1815982, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119039-maurice-campbell-letter.pdf", "source_sha256": "cebe9b8f2c0b330c6b3db890f4a76d9279ba719f45bca074652ec02666bd2e4e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1602, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
My name is
and I am 82 years old. I have never had
Physics or Chemistry classes so please keep that in mind as you review the
information I am sending to you which just relates to my real experiences and
not any academic explanations. That is the reason I included a "Mickey
Mouse" Resume' (High School Reunion Request) just so that you would
understand who I am and where I have been in my past career. Mostly
Political Science and Human Services. You don't know me, but, we have
shared some of the same folks in the past in the world of technology. I
subscribed to your 6 Part Disclosure Series and that is what was the catalyst
for the information that I am sending you at this time in the event you were
unaware of it. I assumed that you were, but based on some of your video
comments, I'm not sure?
First,
who you highlight on your programs, spent much time in
the Salt Lake City area. He was a friend of my Brother (Doctor) and
associated with scientists and some of the projects we were working on. In
fact Pete, did the diagnostic work (Interrol Meridian Machine) on my
Mother-In-Law in Park City, Utah in about 1990 when she had a problem
with Shingles. At that time, there was a bit of tension over who had invented
the Interrol Machine, Pete (CIA) or Dr H. Roy Curtin (BYU). Both were
taking credit for it and Dr Curtin had set up a Clinic (Pleasant Grove) for
"research" purposes as it could not be marketed at that time. Utah, however,
was allowing it be used for research purposes and some of the technicians
were Veterinarians who loved it because they could talk to the intelligence of

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 418, "chars": 2485, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the animals utilizing the machines. My Wife had a Dental Technician
diagnose her, and the technician had fallen in love with the machine as she
was introduced to the technology when she was having seizures, and the
machine diagnosed her problem as having Mercury Fillings in her teeth and
when she had them removed, her seizures ceased. Well anyway, my Brother
had spent a lot of time with Pete on high tech, but, as I explain later on, my
Brother was killed along with our Inventor as a result of our "Free Energy
Device"! Thanks to some of your Disclosure information, a lot of what Pete
shared with us (My Brother) was validated.
Now that I have mentioned
there are other folks that we
worked with that cross over into your Disclosure presentation. One was Hal
Fox. Hal was working on Charge Clusters at the University of Utah Research
Park (moved later) when he asked for help in getting funded. Our mutual
friend was
who was specialized in "Kirlian Photography
(competing with Russia) and his Uncle was previously over all the "Remote
Viewing" (Stargate?) at the CIA. Dave (Now deceased from Drexel
University) was brought to Provo, Utah, along with Dr Moray King PhD, by
Dr Thomas Bearden PhD, for the purpose of trying to duplicate the T. Henry
Moray "Free Energy Device" of the 1930-50s. (Moray had died and had
written his secrets in lemon juice and the juice had all dissolved making it
impossible to read and interpret). The Free Energy duplication effort by these
scientist's of
were assigned to the "Eyring Research
Institute" in Provo, Utah. At the time, it was all done in secret. Their cover
story was that everyone at that location was working on Co-Generation of
Power using gas and oil! I only know this because the Federal Government
ask us to do them (The Center) a favor. They requested that my Brothers and
I stop and debrief their scientists on Free Energy after each of our visits to
our Inventor Floyd Sweet (Sparky) in Sherman Oaks, California. When we
would arrive at the Research Center, we would meet with a few scientists
behind locked doors and all the other Center People had no idea why we were
there. An Irony was that the former Hospital Administrator of St Johns
Hospital in Jackson Hole, Wyoming (Reginald Hughes) was now the
Administrator of the Eyring Research Institute. When I was the Executive
Director of all the Mental Health Clinics in Western Wyoming (Jackson Hole
my Olfice 1975-80), Reginald was one of my best friends and I taught him

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 402, "chars": 2393, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
how to ski (I was former Ski Instructor-Sundance), even with his broken arm
at the time. It was strange that two people in the health field, were now
involved in "Free Energy", which according to Dr Stephen Greer MD, he had
seen CIA documents that the Security Clearance for such work exceeded the
H-Bomb and I no longer had ANY security clearance since leaving the US
Navy Intelligence Office of the Admiral's Staff of 1"' Fleet in 1960.
Well, back to
Hal, as you are aware, was involved with Cold Fusion.
Ironically, my former wife (deceased in 2020) Diana, worked for the
University of Utah Chemistry Department during the Cold Fusion Era while
she was finishing off her degree in English. She made me promise I would
never say anything about what happened there during Pons & Fleischmann
and Cold Fusion. Now that she has passed on, I feel I am free of that
obligation. It seems, as you may be aware, that BYU (Dr Jones?) was
screwing the University of Utah as there was to be a JOINT
ANNOUNCEMENT of Cold Fusion in Nature Magazine(?). The U of U
found out that Jones was going to jump forward and make the announcement
first, so Pons and Fleischmann had to make the announcement unprepared in
order to be first. Additionally, the reason when you see any TV "file film"
just water bubbling in a beaker container, is because a Graduate Student, who
believed he had done most all the work and was not getting any credit, had
locked up all the research in a safe and would not release it! Interesting for
such an "earth shaking" announcement. Also, my Wife told me that they had
accidentally blown a hole in the concrete of the Chemistry Department
basement with the Cold Fusion which they didn't want the public to know. So
Cold Fusion actually did get off with a real "BANG"!
While
was working on Cold Fusion Data and his newsletter, Hal was
also working on Energy Clusters with my close friend David Faust who
consulted with Hal on different projects. That was my first introduction to
Energy Clusters in about 1987-92(?). Hal showed us a very impressive video
presentation and then wanted us to help him acquire funding. We
subsequently used another one of my Partners
who I was
previously with in the Resort Business. Another Irony was that Just
Months before he met me) had mistakenly purchased (For Subdivision
Houses) the T. Henry Moray Laboratory property in Salt Lake City and then

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 405, "chars": 2445, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
lost $10 Million Dollars having to clean it up (Radiation-Tesla Coil, etc.)
later got Leukemia and had to be treated at the Huntsman Cancer Center.
Dan subsequently brought Hal an investor with $100,000 for the Energy
Clusters technology. BUT...>
being a typical Inventor, blew the whole
investment for the technology when the Investor vetted Hal and found out he
had some "flaky" "Angel Funding" site on the Internet for funding Energy
Clusters and she was less than impressed. So
project at that time to
move forward with Energy Clusters was decimated as a result of his attempt
at "Angel Funding"!
As they say in Fijian: "Sa Mate Vakadua"
...It was then "really" dead!
As I have been talking about my friend
and Hal Fox, it is
interesting to note how the MX Missile Project (1980s) in Southern Utah
(500 missiles being moved on tracks underground--billions of dollars)
"REALLY" got killed. People in Utah thought the President of the Mormon
Church at the time, who said we shouldn't have missiles in Utah's backyard,
was what killed the project. BUT...what really happened is that
Uncle with the CIA (Remote Viewing) contacted Dave and said before they
go any further on the Utah Project, he should go to Hill Air Force Base
(Ogden, Utah) Top Secret Library and that he had a packet of information
sent there for Dave to review.
did go and reviewed all the information
which said that the Remote Viewers were locating the "real loaded" (Out of
500 missiles-many dummy missiles) missiles BEFORE any Computers
could find them! This meant that Russia was capable of doing the same thing
America could do by using similar technology of Remote Viewing. So...this
is the reason the MX Missile Project was scrapped in Utah even after all the
initial monies had been spent on it!
While I have mentioned the connection of the Eyring Research Institute and
the technology of T Henry Moray in Salt Lake City, I should mention another
Irony of sorts and somewhat of a warning of potential collateral damage of
high technology. In this respect, my former wife Diana (deceased) lived as a
child in a house contiguous to the Moray Laboratory. My wife's Brother who
was only 19 years of age had a Downs Syndrome Baby. The Doctors told him
"it was basically a fluke" and he could have more children and they would be
normal. About 2 years later he had another child who was also Downs
Syndrome. Because my wife and I already had 3 normal children, we thought

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2425, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
her Brother's children were on his wife's side of the family. Our Fourth Child
(Girl) was Down Syndrome and I understand that T Henry Moray's Son (Dr
John Moray) ALSO had a Downs Syndrome child. So these are facts one
must consider when dealing with "Free Energy".
The next part of my letter deals with our Nikola Tesla "Free Energy" Device
made by our Inventor
(Sparky) who had worked at NASA with
Senator John Glen (former Astronaut). As can be note from Documents I
submitted here, Sparky was also out of MIT. I have understood that his
records of attendance there have been "cleaned out" and I don't know that for
a surety. If this has been done, they were unaware of the MIT Letter that I
still have in my personal file which I included in my package to you.
As I watched your video, you mentioned, if I am correct, that you seemed
astonished at an output of 26 times vs input of electricity?...I was astonished
at your comment when comparing what I had experienced with Sparky's Free
Energy Device (330 Microwatts of One-Millionth of a Watt of Input would
produce 500 Watts of Electricity (Negative-Positive) in 1989. Additonally, it
seemed that you were questioning the levitation of Free Energy Device with
adding more load to it. Once again, degrees of levitation, depending on
amount of load on
_Device, had already been proven in 1987 by
Dr Thomas Bearden (DVD I included). In fact, the evidence that the electric
source was Negative Electricity was physically proven when Sparky
accidentally ran his hand thru the beam one day and his had was still hurting
for a few weeks thereafter. (Was a freezing effect). Anyway, these are the
reasons I have sent you this information on Sweet's Device in the event you
were not familiar with it! In this respect, I won't say much more as I included
a 9 page "Rough Draft" of my involvement with
and his
Device. Please note that I have also included another Inventor
who invented a Magnet Motor for us to be a retrofit motor in any car and the
motor would be operated by Sparky's redesigned device which was about the
size of a cigarette pack that would power a 300hp motor forever with no
charging.
had claimed he was from Atlantis and only here till 2012 (It
was 1987) to help us and then he had to leave. My Brother (Doctor) told me
that
did not have a bowel system. When I went on the road with Ron to
move him from LaVerkin (Mouth of Zions Canyon) Utah to Oregon (Black

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2326, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Helicopters were bugging him because he was using Tachyon Beams-
Medical Equipment for healing) I never saw him once go into a restroom!
As you will see trom my kough Drait, e
<didn't even know how to spell
"electric" when I was helping to forward his mail at the Post Office. But,
when he visited on the phone with Sparky (MIT Intellect), they spoke at the
highest level of electronics. Also, I included the cover of the Official
International lesla Society Magazine where
Is highlighted with one of
his Magnet Motors. I was in shock when I saw the magazine as I had
instructed Ron to stay hidden in Oregon where we had him and his laboratory
hidden. He not only appeared in this Magazine, but, had also made an
appearance "On Stage" at the International Tesla Society and made a
presentation. You will find out more in my Rough Draft about the
Earthquake Equipment he invented along with Philo T Farnsworth's
Grandson. Both of them were hiding out as the Government wanted their
Equipment.
Well in closing, I put a few other things in this packet that may or may not be
of interest to you. You will notice a few pages of Xerox names. The essence
of it are that these are just a few pages (Original 1" thick) of a list of potential
funders that we were told would fund our Free Energy Device. The package
was actually delivered to my Brother in a telephone booth at the Old Post
Office in Salt Lake City. He met occasionally with this "deep throat" (Don't
know if it was Pete's referral? ) and we never knew his name. We were
instructed that all we would say is: "The 'Company" said we needed help in
funding our project and we would have ALL the money we would need.
Obviously, knowing who the Company was (CIA), we NEVER used any of
these folks. What amazed me was how extensive (Universities, Post Offices,
etc.) and broad the list of people and institutions included across the whole
United States and some foreign countries. Document... An INCH THICK!
Please note that the info I have sent is a Hodge Podge of other peoples
information that I may not totally agree with. Some of it is NOT correct like
those that said Sparky died of a Heart Attack. You will see in my Rough Draft
that it just isn't the case along with my Brother's death.
I also included a brief letter (E-mail) that I sent out to over 1,200 scientists

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 233, "chars": 1382, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and Inventors worldwide who were attempting to duplicate
Energy Device. I did include something in that email that I believe pertains to
what you were saying (?) in one of the videos I saw. If I am correct, it was
concerning the "Electrons"! Inasmuch as this is what caused my Electronic
Brother to literally go into a Depression and make the comment that he had
"wasted his whole life" (After seeing the Device Operate) and had to go
home and throw away 2/3 of his electronics library, it is as follows:
Sparky said: ... "he needed to REVERSE the conceptualization he was
taught about the ACTION of an ELECTRON and treat it like it was
POSITIVE. Therefore, for Sparky's modeling, Electrons were flowing and
acting in the opposite direction to what was normally modeled by a trained
physicist. Also, the Electrons were flowing on the outside of the wire!
I will finally close and don't have time to talk about my Brother's Giant bones
on Stansbury Island of the Great Salt Lake or our visit to the Las Vegas
Prison where other scientists (
had told us they were harvesting organs
from the inmates. Take Care and if you have any additional questions about
any of the information I have included, you are welcome to contact me. I will
leave ways of contacting me.
Best Wishes
FaceBook|
Phone:
m
n SLC, Utah
ps. You may throw out any of this information as I have a copy of all of it!
