{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T01:37:20Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 953973, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119035-cold-fusion-times-winter-1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "3ecafd1d62b0a29dd11f76e0df03bf263f5340a6a9567afda6091f9402745194"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 738, "chars": 5192, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IN THIS ISSUE
CEREM CONFIRMS CF
COLD FUSION UPDATES
COLD FUSION PROGRESS .,
CONFIRMATION OF F&P.
ENGINEERING AND MATERIALS VIEW
FOR THE WORLD.......
HELIUM PRODUCTION ..
Volume 5 Number 1
1,9,10
... 1,3,5
Nowa and Developrents from Arkansas, California, Georgla, Illinois, Massachusetts, Maino, Minnasota, Now Mexico, New Hampshira, Now York, Ohio, Hawaii,
Rhode Isiand, Texas, Utah, Washington, D.C., China, England, France, Indla, Japan, Netherlands, Russiz, Sri Lanka, United Kingdom
HELIUM PRODUCTION .....
1,5
NUCLEOSYNTHESIS
1,5
ICCF-6 (REVIEWS)
2,3,7
OP-ED COLUMN
ICCF-6 (ANALYSIS) ..
1,3,7,9
PULSED WIRE ELECTROLYSIS …
JOURNALS YOU MAY HAVE MISSED
REVIEWS:
MORE LITERATURE.......
6,7
4,6
MORE INFORMATION.
NUCLEAR PRODUCTS
.. 2,3,4,5,
2,3,4,8
TECHNOLOGY.......
TOWARD THE FUTURE
WHAT'S HAPPENIN' …..
....9
WINTER 1997
ISSN # 1072-2874
COLD FUSION TIMES
ITALIANS, US NAVY, FRENCH (CEREM), AND OTHERS CONFIRM
FLEISCHMANN AND PONS
SOME HIGH QUALITY POSITIVE RESULTS
There are important new, quality, positive reports of cold fusion.
HEAT AND HELIUM MEASUREMENTS USING
This issue of the COLD FUSION TIMES features reports from the
US Navy (two), CEREM (The French Atomic Energy Commission).
PALLADIUM AND Pd ALLOYS IN DO
Melvin H. Miles, Kendall B. Johnson, M. Ashram Imam
Italy, and China which supplement detailed ICCF-6 meeting
Naval Air Warfare Center Weapons Division, Naval Research Laboratory
summaries. The latter present material data from Japan, helium pro-
China Like, CA, Washington, DC Our best experiments produced up to
duction data from Italy, and discussions of the confirmations from
France, China, Japan, Illinois, and elsewhere. Some of the informa-
30% excess heat. 0.52 watts of excess power, and 1,400 KJoules of
tion has demonstrated low energy ionizing emissions and helium pro-
excess enthalpy. This amount of excess enthalpy is difficult to ex-
plain by any chemical reaction. We have demonstrated that any re-
duction linked to the excess heat. Mr. Lonchampt and others
(CEREM), have continued their program to duplicate Ms. Fleisch-
combination of the D, and O, electrolysis gases in our experiments
mann and Pons, and claim up to 150% excess heat. This achievement
can be readily detected and easily corrected. There was never any
is important to note not only because of the credibility of the French
measurable combination when the palladium cathodes were fully
Atomic Energy Commission but also because once again, Europe
submerged in the DO-LiOD electrolyte. Our studies provide over-
whelming evidence that the anomalous effects in deuterated systems
seems to scoop the US of own technology wrought on its own soil.
More on this report (pages 9,10).
are real. Nevertheless, we have not been able to solve the reproduc-.
ibility problem. This research area will remain highly controversial
ICCF-6: REPORTS & ANALYSIS
until reproducibility can be demonstrated. The lack of reproducibili-
Toya, Hokkaido, Japan
The ICCF-6 conference was held at Toya,
ty stems mainly from an unknown and uncontrolled variable con-
Hokkaido, Japan from October 13-18, 1996. There were 176 partici-
tained within the palladium stock. There is a remarkable correlation
pants who delivered 120 papers, over 50% of which were from Japan.
of excess power with the source of the palladium.
Cont. page 4
Scores of others were there representing 19 countries. The distribu-
tion was as follows: U.S., 37; Italy, 15; Russia, 8; France, 6; China, 4;
German, 3; Korea, 2; Switzerland, 2; Austria, Canada, Hungary, In-
dia, Spain, ROC, UK, and the Ukraine, I. The conference's six ses-
sions many showed experimental results, some of which are presented
in this issue of the COLD FUSION TIMES.
Cont. page 8
HIGH POWER US PULSED ELECTROLYSIS USING
LONG AND THIN Pd WIRES IN VERY DILUTED
LIOD-D,O SOLUTION: ANOMALOUS EXCESS HEAT
F. Celani, A. Spallone, P. Tripodi, D. Di Gioacchino
S. Pacc, V. Di Stefano, A. Mancini
INFN, Lab Nazionali Di Frascati, EURESYS, ORIM
Frascati, Rome, Macerata Italy
We. have tested thin and long pure
Palladium wires (mainly, diameter of 100 uM, length of 160 cm), us-
ing both HV-DC electrolysis and high power-high frequency elec-
trolysis peak current up to 25A, peak voltage up to 270V, puise
width between 200 ns and 5000 ns. repetition rate between 100 Hz.
and 50.000 Hz) in a 0.25 mN LiOD-D,O solution. The experimental
set-up consists of a PTFE cylinder (4 cm of diameter), a Pd wire
turned around it and a Pt wire (1 mm of diameter) turned in the same
way at 1 cm (constant distance) from the Pd wire. This device is lo-
cated in a graduated cylindrical glass (chemical grade) filled with the
electrolytic solution. A specifically designed electronic circuit has
been developed to produce a very high frequency-high voltage elec-
troiysis.
Cont. page 4
COLD FUSION TIMES
reports the scientific details and world-
wide reports of ICCF-6
Git
Hi tradel
OM on Cold Pasion
All Rights Reserved.
No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in an electronic or retrieval system, transmitted, copied in any form or by
any means including electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, or storage
willout the prior penission of the COLD FUSION TIMES.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 968, "chars": 6647, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
TOWARD THE FUTURE
Due to information-dense coverage of the ICCF-6, the COLD FUSION TIMES's "TOWARD THE FUTURE" en-
compasses three important reviews of ICCF-6. The three parallax views begin below, and on the next page. These
are important excerpts from the detailed writings of Jed Rothwell (furtler info in Infinite Energy or htp://ourworld.com-
puserve.com/homepages/ledRothwell) and Elliot Kennel (confer Secole Scienza e Techologla, Vol vii No 4).
CONFERENCE REPORT: ICCF-6
OVERALL IMPRESSIONS OF ICCF-6
Elliot Kennel
Jed Rothwell
Sapporo Japan
- I attended the 6tl Interna-
At this conference, the French Atomic En-
fional Conference on Cold Fusion 12-18 October
ergy Agency described their successful replica-
1996. My summary opinion is that we may have
tion Pons and Fleischmann's 1992 boil-oti
seen a turning point in that the attention of the
results. They got repeated, farge bursts of excess
conference is being drawn towards the general re-
heat with a performance profile remarkably simi-
alization that nuclear physics may be surprisingly
lar to the original experiment. SRI also made a
different in the solid state than in gas or liquid
concerted effort to replicate this experiment, and
systems. In addition, there have been several in-
they reported similar success.
teresting innovations which suggest the possibil-
ity of improving the reproducibility of anomalous
FLEISCHMANN RETIRED, ALIENATED
results.
Martin Fleischmann has retired from active
1. Evidence suggesting the existence of an
research and returned to England. He was origi-
anomaly. There were several papers which I felt
naily scheduled to give a one-hour keynote lec-
provided strong evidence for the existence of a
ture at the conference, but this was canceled. I
nuclear anomaly. Among the strongest were:
asked him why. He replied he "has already said
a. Kasagi et all's study of accelerator irradi-
everything there is to say." He feels alienated
ation of metal targets with low energy deuterons.
from mainstream research in the field, which he
In this case, the detection of up to 18 MeV pro-
thinks is politicized. He feels that people have
tons is not at ail expected, as this can not occur
not listened to his advice and ideas.
from normal DD fusion through the normal P + T
reaction pathway, which results in only 3.02
OKAY, SOME GOOD NEWS
MeV protons. Kasagi indicates that this may be
In my opinion the iwo best papers were
| from Miley and Pons. G. Miley, "Experimental
due to three body reactions, despite the fact that
Observations of Massive Transmutations Occur-
the cross section is six orders of magnitude too
small for this to occur.
ring in Multilayer Thin-Film Microspheres After
b. Roussetski (Lebedev Institute, Moscow),
Electrolysis* - This was similar to Miley's lecture
claims to have verified Lipson's observation of
and paper given at the Second international Low
reproducible charged particle and neutron emis-
Energy Nuclear Reactions Conference (ILENR2).
sion at anomalous energies. Plastic scintillation
Miley showed some additional data strengthen-
detectors, Silicon Solid State Detectors and
ing the observations of three zones of transmuta-
CR-39 detectors all obtained the same results.
tion. He explained that zones are characteristic of
The experiment involved a Ag-PdO-Pd-PdO-Ag
fission reactions. He showed data for beads with
heterostructure cathode which outgasses under
glass cores. These produced little heat and only a
moderately high temperature (T <100 C). Of par-
small number of apparent transmutations, with
ticular interest is the observation that neutron am-
large sections of the spectrum flat compared to
plification occurs (200 neutrons out for one in)
the plastic core beads.
under certain conditions.
In conversation, he explained that the make
This also suggests
group behavior (coupling) of large numbers of
up of the beads was different in each of the
lattice atoms combining nuclear and chemical
twenty runs. Some came from CETI while others
states. The results are far beyond experimental
were fabricated at the University of Illinois.
error with thousands of excess counts.
Some had multiple layers of nickel and palla-
c. I am very impressed by the claims by
Miley et al., Mizuno et al., Savvatimova et al.,
Celani et al. and others concerning the presence
varied. He said he sees no point in doing th
same experiment over and over. He wants to ex
of anomalous chemical species in isotopically en-
riched form on electrolysis cathodes.
Certainly,
chemical contaminants are expected on the cath-
ode.
Cont. page 6
CEAFITITIONAL TORCE
Of THI SUN
"One of the most interesting de
tailed and precise book available
which
extensively examines
the
very origins of gravitational sci-
E ence. Very highly recommended,"
COLD FUSION TIMES
"Gravitational Force
of the Sun"
by Pari Spoulter
available at Orb Pubtishing
11862 Balboa Blvd. #182
Granada Hills, CA 91344
(818)-363-2003
(for orders 1-800-879 4214)
PHILOSOPHALE
POLYDI MUELIAHRE
AROL
ISBN 2-9503346-7-9
Available through
Albert Cau
18 Boulevard Arago
75013 PARIS France
Nuclear
Synthesis
of
Superheavy
Elements
Albert Cau
Cold Fusion Calorimetry Technical
Reports Now Available
Reexamination of the Phase-ll Calorimetry Experimem,
Dr. M. Swartz, 8 color pp, $49.50 [available ~3/97}
Seleered Papers in Calorimerric Analysis, Dr. M. Swartz
10 color pages, $99.50
© JET Technology 1992-1996
c/o COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA USA 02181
Photo Credits >>>>>
Cover Page: ICCF-G logo, Toya. and meeting - Ml. Okamoro
Page 1- Dicer Briz (his web page URL = hup:/kemlaauk/-britel
Back Coner: Europa-surface highly disrupied by fractures and ridges |233
× 225 kilomers). Symmetric ridges in ure dark bands may be spreading
cracTs lu occan basins. - Jel Propulsion Laboralary
Cold Furlos Times LOGO - Palladium nast be fully filled with dellerons
to generate the reactions. In unc logo, the late-ccatcrod cubie fully loaded
metullie siructure is shown on the tet, totally Filled with deaterons obralici
from flie heavy water on the right land side.
Editor: Mitchell Swartz Associate Editor: Gayle Venier
Technical and Photographic Contribulors and Consultants Worldwide
Annual subscription rate S120,00 Single issues $40.00.
Postage and handling charge of $5.00 per order outside of the United States.
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The Scientific Aspects Of
Loading Isotopic Fuels Into Materials
Volume 5 Number 1 - Winter 1997
ISSN# 1072-2874 published quarterly ® 1996-7 JET Technology
Cold Fusion Times' Address
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA USA 02181
Cold Fusion Times
Web Home Page:
http://world.std.com/~mica/cft.html

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 813, "chars": 5390, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EXCESS HEAT IN (D/Pd) GAS-LOADING
Xing Li, Wei Yue, Gui Huang, Hang Shi, L. Gao, M. L. Liu
Dept. Physics, Tsinghua University
Beijing, China - The "heat after death" has
exposed to the air (oxygen) before the
revealed a fact that the electrolysis is not
"excess heat" measurement.
necessary for "excess heat" phenomena.
(2) Monitoring the loading ratio in
Provided that enough deuterons are filled
situ with both the volumetric method and
in the palladium crystal lattice, we may ex-
the electrical resistance method. Then the
pect to see the "excess heat" in a gas-
correlation between the "excess heat" and
loading system also. The Italian, Indian,
the loading ratio would be monitored.
and American scientists have succeeded in
(3) Measuring the "excess heat'" with
loading the deuterium gas into the palla-
an accuracy of 0 2 W in a long period
dium sample with loading ratio (D/Pd)
(days to a month). Since the volume of the
greater than 0.80 under the pressure less
palladium wire is about 0.2 c.c, we are sup-
than I aim. This facilitates the quantitative
posed to see the "excess heat" if its power
observation of the "excess heat" in a gas-
level is above 1 Watt per c.c. palladium.
loading system. Besides, the gas- loading
(4) Accumulating the nuclear products
system has showed high reproducibility in
(if any) in a closed stainless steel vessel.
Helium-3, helium-4, and tritium are sup-
ated at high temperature which means a
posed to be checked first after the long run
higher efficiency as an energy device
using mass-spectrometric method and nu-
hence, a series of gas-loading experiments
clear method
have been conducted to observe the "ex-
A pair of "twin system" have been run
cess heas" in a gas- loading system.
in parallel with deuterium gas and hydro-
evin saples means alad in were st.
The observation of the "excess heat"
would be presented in a system with the
following 4 features:
(1) Heat treatment of the palladium
surface in a closed system which allows the
annealing in vacuum or in deuterium
(hydrogen) gas with the capability of con-
trolling the temperature precisely. Particu-
larly, the palladium surface would not be
from the same roll of the palladium wire
cleaned, heated and cooled under the same
condition. in fact they were born as a pair
of "twin".
The preliminary runs have
shown distinct contrast between these
"twin samples", which may be explained as
an evidence of "excess heat" in D/Pd sys-
tem. A series of runs are expected before
the ICCF-6.
ENGINEERING REPORT
FROM ICCF-6
excess heat) in a fuel cell experiment. When
they tried to repeat it in a flow calorimeter,
they got no excess. They noted that the mass
flow calorimeter gives quite a different tem-
I. Steps backward
perature history, which they feel is important
1. Kunimatsu reported a negative result I go the impression that they wanted to re-d
on excess heat using a flow calorimeter ver- their mass flow calorimeter to have a variable
sion of his fuel cell experiment. This is im- temperature capability.
portant as his report at the last conference was
2. KEK built up a helium detection sys-
These experiments were done at tem that can measure He-4 at 17 parts per tril-
high loading, more than 0.95 according to Ku- lion. Very impressive, but they have not
nimatsu (according to Michael McKubre, their gotten a recent positive result to test it yet.
resistance calibration is different that what
SRI uses, so that these results may be equiva-
lent to SRI "border region" conditions where
1. Preparata reported getting a factor of 2
things don't work very often).
excess heat using a radical type of electrolysis
2. Srinivasan no longer believes his light system. Pleischmann previously suggested us-
water excess heat results. SRI did not find ex- ing electromigration to drive the deuterium in
cess heat in his experiments, and the group at a cathode so as to increase the loading. The
Bose Corp explained his results as recombina-
U. of Milan group puts a few hundred volts
tion. Operationally, he is retracting his Ni across a 50 micron diameter and few cm long
light water excess heat results.
cathode, and runs electrochemistry at a few
hundred volts in 10% molar LiOD.
Il. Results neither good nor bad
2. Gozzi has observed 90 keV gamma
1. The New Hydrogen Energy lab spots on film from a heat-producing cathode.
(NHE), reported positive results (up to 18% This was a single recent observation, but ap-
peared to be pretty solid. Cont. on page 5
OF GREAT INTEREST
TO OUR READERS
SEE FOR THE WORLD (PAGE 8)
COLD FUSION
COLD FUSION TIMES
Counting Footpie Fonis late liederbels
EST 1072-1774
published senterty e
3
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
FUTURE
"COLD FUSION"
70 Route 202N
Peterborough NH 03458
INFINITE ENERGY
PO Box 2816
Concord, NH 00302
FUTURE TECHNOLOGY
INTELLIGENCE REPORT
PO Box 423652
San Francisco, CA 94142
continued on page 6
FUTURE TRENDS
Minnesota CF Alliance
365 Summit Ave.
St. Paul, MN 55102
UNTAPPED
TECHNOLOGY
IN REVIEW
PO Box 5185
Mesa, AZ 85211
ELECTRIFYING TIMES
63600 Deschutes Rd Bend,
OR 97701
(503) 388-1908
FAX (360) 693-4408
MODANIEL REPORT
1055 West College Ave.
#273 Santa Rosa,
CA 95401
THE MARS
MISSION
122 Dodd St.
Weehawken NJ 07087
CHRISTA
CORRIGAN
MCAULIFFE CENTER
100 State Street
Framingham, MA 01708
Planetary Ass. for Clean Energy
100 Bronson Avenue, Suite 1001
Outawa, Ontario KIR 6G8
CANADA

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1064, "chars": 6848, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HEAT AND HELIUM MEASUREMENTS
USING PALLADIUM
M. Miles, K. Johnson, M.A. Imam Continued From Page 1
The best reproducibility was ob- it was difficult to detect excess
tained using Pd-B materials sup- power effects in such studies.
plied by the Naval Research
Laboratory. Seven out of eight
Our results indicate that
experiments that used Pd-B cath- helium-4 is the missing nuclear
odes produced excess power. A product. Thirty experiments have
high success ratio was also ob- shown a correlation between ei-
tained using
Johnson-Matthey ther excess power and helium
materials. Seventeen
out of production or no excess power
twenty-seven experiments that and no excess helium. Studies us-
used this palladium source pro- ing both glass and metal flasks
duced excess heat. in contrast place the 4He production rate at
there were several palladium 10" to 10" atoms/second per watt
sources that never produced ex- of excess power. This is the cor-
cess power in any experiment. rect magnitude for typical fusion
Our calorimetric results and prob- reactions that yield helium as a
lems are practically identical to product. It is highly ant likely that
those reported by the SRI labora- our heat and helium correlation
tory. They are also consistent could be due to random errors
with many other laboratories that The only valid experiments that
have reported excess heat. Calo- showed significant excess power
rimeters that are capable of de- but no excess helium involved a
tecting excess power levels of 1 Pd-Ce cathode. The odds are less
watt per cubic centimeter of vana- than one in a million that our
dium are essential for research in complete set of thirty-three heat
this field The small volume of and helium results could be ob-
palladium in co-deposition ex- tained from random experiment-
periments is likely the reason why ers errors. =
HIGH POWER uS PULSED ELECTROLYSIS USING
LONG AND THIN PD WIRES IN VERY DILUTED
LIOD-D,0 SOLUTION: OBSERVATION OF
ANOMALOUS EXCESS HEAT
F. Celani, A. Spalione, P. Tripodi, D. Di Gioacchino, S. Pace, V. Di Stefano.
A. Mancini
continued from page 1
Read-out circuits are linked to a developed in order to enhance the
PC to acquire cyclically (every 8 Electromigration Effect), the ex-
seconds) the signals from the sen- cess heat reached the value of
sors. Regarding the heat mea. about 70 W for several hours
surements, we used a flow (about 200% of the input power).
calorimeter. A
• Joule heater, Moreover, correlation has been
switched on and off cyclically ev- found between the excess heat
ery 3 hours,
has been over- and the electrical resistivity (by
imposed, in order to continuously AC measurements) of the Pd-D
calibrate the apparatus. In some wire.
Systematic studies, with
previous exploration experiments the flow calorimeter previously
(with a simple bath-calorimeter), described, are in progress in order
probably because of the particular to reproduce the results using a
cathode
geometry specifically new wire.
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The Scientific Aspects
Of Loading Isolopic Fuels Into Materials
COLD FUSION TIMES
The loverma Of The Schemide doperaly
INK*• 1471-7*74
Cold Fusion Times' Web Home Page:
http://world.std.com/~mica/cft.html
® JET Technology
4
Journal Articles Which You
May Have Missed
Some comments from Dieter Britz -
visit his website at http://kemi.aau.dk/~britz/
Good II WR; Fusion Technol, 30 calculated,
for
(1996) 132.
"Comments
on electrolysis
at
'Calorimetry, excess heat, and Fa- low overpotential, where the fig-
raday efficiency in Ni-HO elec- ure is close to a singularity and
trolytic cells".
W.R. Good, of thus sensitive to small errors such
the Hydrocatalysis Power Corp., as electrolysis efficiency less than
polemicises against the paper 100%.
from the Bose lab, by Shkedi et
al. Good reckons that the Bose Stukan PA, Rumyantsev YuM,
team did not follow recom- Shishkoy
AV, High Energy
mended procedure and for this Chem. 27 (1993) 461. (Orig. Rus-
reason failed to detect hydrinos as sian in Khim. Vys. Energii 27(6)
proposed by Mills.
(1993) 65). "Generation of hard
radiation and accumulation of tri-
Savvatimova IB, Karabut AB;
tium during electrolysis of heavy
Poverkhnosr' 1996 (1) 76 (in Rus- water".
sian), "Radioactivity of palladium In 1990, this team began the ex-
cathodes after irradiation in a periment described here. They
glow discharge".
Foils of Pd, electrolyzed a 2% solution of
Nb, As and Ti and other metals LiCO, in heavy water at cath-
were subjected to a glow dis- odes of Pd and Ti, both 4 mm dia.
charge
(10-50
mA/cm?, rods and measured hard radiation
100-500V) in hydrogen, deuteri- given off over time, using a beta-
um or a mixture of the two, and type scintillator and photomulti-
afterwards the radioactivity of the pliers. The cell current was
foils was measured as a function 1A/cm'. This showed a radiation
of time. When using deuterium, sequence with time, roughly
there was radioactivity, decaying 10-20 times in counts/s of the se-
with a half life of 13.8 h, which quence before the current was
the authors conclude to be consis- turned on. A control run with
tent with the decay of 109Pd, light water shows only the back-
formed by fusion. The level was ground itself. By using a paraffin
5-10 times that of the back- shield and noting the effect, they
ground.
were able to state that the radi-
ation consisted largely of neu-
Shkedi Z, Fusion Technol. 30 trons, and estimated the flux to be
(1996) 133. "Response to "Com- about 2*10 n/s. They also mea-
ments on 'Calorimetry, excess sured tritium accumulation in the
heat, and Faraday efficiency in cell, by removing aliquots repeat-
Ni-HO electrolytic cells***.
edly and, after an initial quiescent
In response to a polemic by Good period, there was a steady, rough-
(1996) of Hydrocatalysis Power ly linear rise in the amount of tri-
Corp, charging the Bose team tium produced vs time, somewhat
(Shkedi et al) with not following greater for the Pd cathode than
recommended procedures, Shkedi for the Ti one. With the current off,
responds that they did indeed fol- or current on with light water, much
low them, and that they did find smaller amounts of tritium were seen;
apparent excess heat initially.
in the case of light water, the team
When they however examined the
suspects tritium coming out of the Pd
from previous heavy water runs. The
results they found that the short- tritium production on Pd in heavy
fall from 100% of the Faradaic water translates into about 2*10° us,
efficiency of their electrolysis 5 orders of magnitude larger than the
was able to fully eliminate the ex- neutron flux. They note the discrep-
cess heat. He further comments ancy but do not attempt an explana-
on the reason for the high excess tion. No unexpected heating of the
heat percentage claimed by Good; cell was observed.
this being caused by the way it is

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 933, "chars": 6053, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ENGINEERING REPORT FROM ICCF-6
continued from page 3
3. Gozzi appears to have a reasonably solid time-correlation be-
tween excess heat and He-4 production. Atmospheric contamination
is monitored through Ne mass spectroscopy, and the new results ap-
pear to be free of such contamination. The signal to noise is good.
and the He-4 is somewhat short of being quantitative (it goes be-
tween 5% and 50% assuming 24 MeV per reaction - I think that a lot
Anomalous Effects in of detecting excess power levels
of 1 watt per cubic centimeter of
Deuterated Systems palladium are essential for re-
Melvin Miles, Benjamin Bush, search in this field.
Results from our laboratory
•Naval Air Warfare Center Weapons Div. indicate that helium-4 is the
missing nuclear product accom-
China Lake. CA Excess power
was measured in 28 out of 94 panying the excess heat. Thirty
out of 33 experiments showed a
electrochemical
experiments correlation between either excess
conducted using palladium or
power and helium production or
palladium-alloy
cathodes
in
heavy water.
Reproducibility helium.
no excess power and no excess
The collection of the
continues to be the major prob-
electrolysis gases in both glass
lem in this controversial research
and metal flasks place
area. Based on our experiments, helium-4 production rate at 10'
this lack of reproducibility stems
to 10'2 atoms per second per watt
from unknown variables in the
palladium metal.
The best re-
of excess power. This is the cor-
rect magnitude for typical deut-
producibility for excess power
eron fusion reactions that yield
was obtained using palladium-
helium-4 as a product. Anoma-
boron materials supplied by the lous radiation was detect
Naval Research Laboratory. Our
some experiments by the use of
basic isoperibolic calorimeters X-ray
films, Geiger-Mueller
were capable of measuring ex-
cess power with a sensitivity of counters, and by the use of so-
dium iodide detectors. There was
+1-1% of the input power or never any significant production
+1-20 mW, whichever was larg-
of tritium in any of our experi-
er. Calorimeters that are capable
ments.
0.05
(A)
0.045-
E0035-
PEXCOSS
0.03
024
0.02
20.015-
0.01
0.005
Input Power (W)
L Current (Amps)
- Excess Power (W)
5
of the helium stays in the cathode, so they don't see it in the flow
stream.)
4. Okamoto considered the importance of deuterium flux in ex-
cess heat experiments, as found by SRI last year. He optimized
loading using a series of loading/deloading current cycles, and then
looked for heat and neutrons. He appears to see a persistent and re-
producible excess heat effect that is small O(2-3%) but well within
the accuracy of his system. He appears also to see a small excess of
low energy neutrons that are correlated with the heat.
5. An effort associated with the French Atomic Energy Com-
mission was reported by Longchamp. They attempted a replication
of the Pons-Fleischmann boil-off experiment. In the majority of their
experiments, no excess heat was observed. However, in some cases,
they obtained a significant 2-3 per cent effect prior to boil off, and a
factor of about 2 excess during boil off. No "heat after death" was
observed. This is the first confirmation of this effect.
6. An important experiment was carried reported by a collabo-
ration between Roussetski at the Lebedev Institute and Lipson from
the Institute for Physical Chemistry. A 30 micron thick Pd cathode
was exposed to an oxygen flame (1000 C for i think 30 seconds) to
make PdO on both surfaces; one surface was coated with gold. The
foil was loaded electrochemically by Lipson, and then brought to the
Lebedev, where it was heated to 40 C in front of a variety of detec-
tors. Various emissions were observed: protons and alpha particles
were seen in the MeV range, detected using Cr-39, plastic scintilla-
tion, and also with a silicon surface barrier detector.
7. Mike McKubre reported on difficulties in getting high load-
ing and keeping it at high current densities. He pointed out that in
his earlier work with positive results, that the cathodes would load to
more than 0.90, and then hold their loading up to 500 mA/cm?. Dur-
ing the last two years, the cathodes typically begin de-loading near
100-200 mA/cm', so that there is no high loading at high current lev-
els. Solving this problem is a prerequisite for getting heat in his
view. However, Mike showed an excess "cold" burst, where there
appears to be an anomalous cooling event on the order of 5 KJ that is
significant. This is the first such report.
cont page 6
FUSION FACTS FOLDS
Salt Lake City, Utah - After seven years, the first and oldest of
the cold fusion journals has folded.
With the December 1996 issue, Fusion
FUSIONtacts
Facts, edited by Hal Fox with the help
of Robyn Harris and Dineh Torres, Will
be its last. Their efforts will focus on
the quarterly Journal of New Energy.
The staff of
the COLD FUSION
TIMES wishes them well as Journal of
New Energy enters its second year.
We
all thank Hal, Robyn and Dineh for their
effort at informing both this community
The final cover of
Fusion Facts
and those less knowledgeable about cf.
6
hours
10
Measurement of the Exothermic Heat of Absorption of Deuterium Into a Palladium
wire (1mm × 4.3 cm) Using the New Calorimeter Developed at China Lake
Power (Watts) as a function of time [afier Miles, Bush, Johnson, NAWCWPNS TP8302]
COMING:
More Technical Papers
Nickel, Titanium, Palladium
Additives
Isotopic Shifts
Survey Results
Gas/Glow Discharge Loading
Lavoisier & Piatinum Metallurgy
Nanodot Technology
Lavoisier melting a "worthless"
platinum nugget
The COLD FUSION TIMES is now the longest running journal in
the field, marking five (5) years.
The COLD FUSION TIMES wants you. Your subscrip-
tion, and support is needed. It is the only cold fusion journal which
continues to be devoted exclusively to the material, economic, and
intellectual property issues of loading isotopic fuel - a hydrogen iso-
tope - into a material used to produce useful energy.
Thank you for your support.
© 1996 - 1997
JET Technology

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1079, "chars": 6914, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION
TECHNOLOGIES
ENGINEERING REPORT FROM ICCF-6
Continued from Page 5
spectrum of proposed "pro-
There were several other
ducts" fall into four major peaks
results of note -Claytor and col- as a function of Z, with many
leagues have recently improved
elements heavier than Ni appear-
their results with a Pd/Rh/Co ing in Ni beads. His results ap-
alloy; Romodanov has seen a
pear to be very similar to those
huge excess tritium effect (a big of Mizuno.
increase in his already huge tri-
tium effect) by adjusting the
Savvatimova has claimed a
relative H/D ratio.
Takahashi's
similar effect for years, and Col-
group has some nice resuits cor- lis reports that a colleague of
relating heat with products. No- Piantelli in
Italy is getting a
toya thinks she sees gammas similar effect. If these results are
from her light water excess heat correct, they point to a process in
experiments.
which heavy nuclei are somehow
reacting. Many in the communi-
Miley and others talked
ty think that the results are due
about massive transmutations. to contamination, but George be-
In the CETI cells, the excess lieves that there are no sources
heat (if real) would correspond
for such contamination in his
to a significant fraction of prod- cell. In addition, the NAA re-
uct isotopes. So Miley has used
sults suggest modest (but signifi-
SIMS, EDX, and neutron activa-
cant) isotopic anomalies away
tion to search for products. He from natural abundances in Cu
sees a vast array of elements, and Ag isotopes (4-8% devi-
with on the order of 40% of the ations from natural abundance).
Ni perhaps being affected. The
CONFERENCE REPORT:
ICCF-6
Elliot Kennel
cont. from page 2
many cases). The basic idea is to
use a pulsed electric field to drive
deuterium toward the center of a
wire once it has been loaded
However, isotopically enriched
electrochemically. It is very rea-
crud is a different story. To a
sonable to expect high local load-
lesser extent, it is impressive that ing using this technique, and
the observers report very similar
perhaps it is really responsible
four-humped elemental distribu - for enhancing anomalous results.
tions, reminiscent of the two-
humped fission fragment distri-
Another Italian group
bution curves. This is not ex- (DeNinno et al) has produced a
pected for random dirt.
technique for achieving high
Ed Storm's measure- loading of deuterium while
ments of open circuit voltage as a avoiding a phase transition. This
function of loading suggest that a requires high pressure, high tem-
previously unknown gamma
phase in the Pd-D system appears perature deuterium. Once loaded
with this technique, subsequent
at loadings above 0.85, which is loading electrolytically is much
associated with anomalous ex- easier.
cess heat measurements.
This method may signifi-
cantly enhance the performance
2. Innovations. Electro-
of existing cathodes which have
migration appears to be a signifi-
not loaded sufficiently well at
cantly superior method to low temperature (i.c., in a flow
produce excess thermal energy, calorimeter). In addition, load-
as Celani et al report reproduc- ing occurs much more rapidly af-
ible excess heat results with rela-
ter the pretreatment.
tively large output (>100% in
6
•
-
Zealand), Bertil Werjefelt (Hawaii),
GUEST BOOK
REVIEW
This issue by Hal Fox
Shiuji Inomata (Japan), and Parama-
hamsa Tewari (India). These are four
of the leading lights in the develop.
ment of the "N-Machine" which was
instigated by Bruce dePalma.
"The Coming
Energy Revolution"
Jeane Manning
[Avery Publishing Group, Garden
City Park, New York, 1996, 230
pages, ISBN 0-89529-713-2]
Part Ill discusses the advent of
cold nuclear fusion, first announced
in 1989 by Professors Stanley Pons
and Martin Fleischmann at a press
conference called by the staff of the
University of Utah. The author cites
that the work not only is continuing
This timely book is highly rec-
but is being commercialized. The
ommended for all readers, especially
, work of the late Francisco Pacheco
for the general reader. It provides
in producing hydrogen gas from sea
both an exceilent report on the his- Water and using this power for a va-
torical background of the search for riety of energy devices is presented.
new energy and introduces the read. In a similar task to develop the pow.
ers to those who are now involved in erings syde ten, leane Manies
various aspects of new energy devel-
opments. The book is divided into
work of Roger Billings (formerly
four parts: Part I - Past Revolution-
from Utah and now in Independence,
aries; Part II - Space Energy and the
Part Ill also includes the stories
New Physics; Part III - Emerging behind the work of Peter Lindemann
Energy Technologies; and Part IV -
The Energy Revolution -- Potential
and George Wiseman in using rela-
Amid the Problems. In addition, the
tively low-grade heat as a useful
book begins with a favorable Fore-
power source. Their efforts to devel-
word by Brian O'Leary, who is well
op Low-Temperature Phase Change
(LTPC) technologies are discussed.
Also, Jeane tells us the story of Ha-
rold Aspen (one of our active corre-
historic work of Nikola Tesla, John
spondents) and his search for better
Ernst Worrell Keely, Walter Russell,
ways of using magnets and heat to
Thomas Henry Moray, Lester Hen- produce usable energy. This part of
dershot, Viktor Schauberger, and
the book includes a report on Wil-
liam Baumgartiner who is improving
Part II tells us about some of Schauberger in the use of vortexing
today's geniuses
such as Moray
King, Harold Puthoff, and Thomas
Bearden and their efforts to help
the use of the new technology of
provide a scientific underpinning for
low-flow water power, as developed
"space energy." Next, the works of by Martin Burger, is included in this
Kenneth Shoulders and his high- part of Manning's book. Finally, the
density charge clusters, Wingate
work of Johann Grander (another
Lambertson and his cermet devices,
follower of Viktor Schaubergers
and John Hutchison and his new
work) and his discovery of "living
rock- crystal devices. These three in-
the rotating
are apparently
tapping producing disks of Paul Baumann at
space energy with three different
the Methernitha commune, and the
solid-state devices. The work of the
hydrosonic pump of James Griggs,
Tate Floyd "Sparky" Sweet is de-
Four other persons who
have worked with rotating machines
the difficulties of getting for not al-
lowing) new-energy developments
in the production of energy are intro-
duced: Bruce dePalma (now of New
t0 get to the market place.
Authors, scientists, writers, inventors, entrepreneurs, consultants,
economists, futurists - you're invited to submit manuscripts for
consideration for publication in the
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135 Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
Your diskette is helpful, or e-mail to mica@world.std.com
There is NO other publication with
higher information density in this field

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 802, "chars": 5224, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JET TechenlEy D
COLD
FUSION
11-14+
TIMES
ENGINEERING AND MATERIALS
VIEW TOWARD COLD FUSION
OVERALL IMPRESSIONS
• SCIENTIFIC PAPERS AT ICCF-6
OF ICCF-6
Jed Rothwell cont. from page 2
a. Lonchampt et al. [The French Atomic Energy
Commission] duplicate P&F, 150% excess heat.
S. Pons, "The ICARUS 9 Calorime-
ter: Summary of Three Years Designing,
b. Dufour et al. [Laboratoire des Science Nucle- Testing and Operation of this Device at
aires Conservatoire National des Arts et Metier, the IMRA Europe Science Center" It de-
Francel - s kev per hydrogen, 16 kev per scribes a cell that was held at boiling for
deuterium.
three months, producing hundreds of me-
gajoules from cathodes weighing a frac-
c. Zhang Qingfu et al. [Institute of Atomic and tion of a gram.
Molecular Science, Chengdu] - X-ray diffraction
crystal structure of the Ti-D system changes from
P. L. Cignini, D. Gozzi et al., "X-
hexagonal to face-centered cubic TiD, when ex- Ray, Heat Excess and 4He in the Electro-
cess heat is observed.
chemical Confinement of Deuterium in
Palladium" Excess heat, helium and x-
d. Oyama et al [Tokyo University of Agriculture rays were observed. Helium was measured
and Technology] - sulfur additives prolong heat by drawing off samples of gas, filtering
after death.
out everything but helium, and putting the
gas into a QMS (quadrupole mass spec-
e. Hagans et al [Naval Research Labs] - impurity troscopy) chamber integrated into the ex-
studies using SPS, GDMS and ICP.
perimental apparatus. In a four-cell
experiment lasting 950 hours, more than
f. Ochiai et al [Osaka U] - anomalous high energy 1000 samples were taken from each cell.
protons.
At first glance, the helium did not
g. Wang et al [Institute of Modern Physics, appear to be correlated with heat, but a so-
Lanzhou China] 1-18 keV hydrogen bombard- phisticated statistical analysis, taking into
ment on Pd and Ti, - anomalous X-rays, neutrons account the sampling periods and percent
of 8 x 10°n/sec, high energy protons.
of total gas in one sample, shows that did
actually appear together. The curves for
h. Itoh et al [Mitsubishi Heavy Industries] - nU- helium change completely after the com-
clear detection expts.
plex statistical massaging. X-Rays were
measured with X-ray film positioned 5cm
¡. Chen et al [Institute of Nuclear Physics, Bei- from the cell. X-ray film placed next to a
jing] - x-ray emission during gas discharge load- Pt blank cell showed no fogging. Film
ing at -26 keV.
next to Pd cells that produced heat were
fogged, with a shadow where the anode
j. Savvatimova et al. [Luch] - transmutation in Pd blocked the cathode. A sophisticated mi-
cathodes using glow discharge loading.
croscopie analysis of the film was per-
formed, based on the physics of film and
• Zhang et al. Institute of Applied Physics, comparisons to
Beijing! - X-ray generation.
#/t kJ. Gozzi's cathode is a bundle of
palladium wires, rather than a single block
of palladium. This increases surface area.
E. Botta, "Further Measurements on
4He Production from PdD, Systems in
Gas Phase"
The Italian university and
INFN (Italian government Nuclear Phys-
ics Laboratories) showed more evidence
for helium production in one run. They
use an interesting technique to achieve
high loading. Deuterium gas is loaded pal-
ladium plate under pressure, and "a con-
stant electric field of a few hundred
millivolt per cm" is applied from one edge
of the plate to the other, which moves the
deuterons across it by electromigration.
The ends of the plate are sealed with gold,
and I think this causes to the deuterium to
"pile up" against the ends. This electro-
migration technique was used by several
other Italian workers to enhance the CF
effect, and it is the basis of the proton con-
ductors used by Mizuno,
Biberian
(ICCF5), Oriani and Karabut (P-001).
With a proton conductor, you charge
both sides of the plate (rather than the
ends). If you leave a direct current charge
running continuously, one side of the plate
would become highly loaded with deuter-
ons but the other side would not, so you
use a square wave current that alternates
every minute or so, charging first one
side, then the other. Mizuno and others
speculate that this also causes the deuter-
ons to "slosh around" inside the conduc-
tor, occasionally piling up in local spots at
a loading ratio much higher than the aver-
age for the entire conductor, which causes
a powerful CF reaction in that isolated
spot.
stock
exposed
• Yamada et al [wate University] - occasional to known levels
arge neutron bursts 2700 counts in 5 seconds in a of x-rays. It was
gas loaded discharge system
concluded
that
the "energy of
m. Miley et al. [U. of Illinois] - transmutations radiation"
the
from thin film deuterium and hydrogen
power of the x-
rays) was 89t1
n. Claytor et al. [Los Alamos] - Miley-type keV and the to-
experiment.
tal energy inter-
cepted by the
). Kozima et al [Hizuoka University] - transmuta- film was 12.0
ion results similar to Miley.
Continued on paye 8
11" 72-95\8147
COLD FUSION
TIMES
The Jouriul Of The
Scientific Aprets Of Loading
Isotopic Firels Into Materials
© 196 JET Technology
All rights reserved
BROUGHT TO YOU BY THE FIRST
AMENDMENT OF THE UNITED
STATES CONSTITUTION

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 476, "chars": 3576, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
E SCIENTIFIC PAPERS AT
ICCF-6 cont, from page 7
p. Mizuno et al. - transmutation and
anomalous isotope production.
q. Ohmori et al. -transmutations
r. Notoya et al [Hokkaido University] -
transmutations.
s. Vysotskii et al. - controlling the nu-
clear decay constants of radionuclides
by restricting the modes of Mossbauer
nuclei.
t. Vysotskii et al.- production of isoto-
pically pure Fe, purportedly does not
exist in nature.
u. Bertalot et al [EURATOM-ENEA]
report excess heat and helium.
v. Claytor et al. [Los Alamos] - excess
tritium from glow discharge experiments.
w. Yuki et al. [Tohoku University] -
enhanced reaction rates from low energy
deuteron bombardment of metals.
QUALITY POSITIVE
RESULTS
Continued From Page I
Cold Fusion works. There is now
overwhelming data to support this field.
And real scientists know what the ingre-
dients are: an active sample, full loading,
and the ability to activate the loaded sam-
ple. This includes reproduction of the
excess heats, better definition of the nu-
clear ash formed, and much groundbreak-
ing regarding how -- and when -- these
processes occur.
Although, the Italians,
, Americans,
French, and Russians have relentlessly
pursued this field and never gave up, Ja-
pan is reportedly on the verge of throw-
ing in the proverbial towel, as some of
the laboratories are unable to resolve the
role of isothermal control in nonequili-
brium systems. This is a watershed op-
portunity for United States technology.
Hopefully, now that these reports are out,
mistakes of the past won't be repeated.
Why can't some of those myopic bu-
reaucrats open his or her eyes? When
will the U.S. patent office become re-
sponsible and responsive to U.S. citizens,
including inventors?
When will either
political party in the U.S. do their jobs?
Despite it all, maybe 1997 will be the
year of Cold Fusion.
FOR THE WORLD
(More Information - See Pages 2 And.3 Too)
JET Technology O
8
COLD FUSION
TIMES
BROUGHT TO YOU BY THE FIRST
AMENDMENT OF THE UNITED
STATES CONSTITUTION
JOURNAL OF
NEW ENERGY
Includes
International Low Energy
Nuclear Reactions
Conference Proceedings
1 (801) 583-6232
The Horld
A Public Informacion Utilicy
Software Tool & Die
1330 Beacon Street, Suite 215
Brookline, Massachusetts 02146
office@world.std.com
617-739-0202
Subscribe Now To..
ELECTRIFYING TIMES
International Coverage of:
Ø New Propulsion Technology
Z Over Unity - Antigravity
Z Latest Battery Technology
3 issues per year for only $10
- Affordable Advertising -
63600 Deschutes Rd Bend, OR 97701
(503) 388-1908 FAX (360) 693-4408
JET Energy
Technology
Series 95 Multiring™ Calorimeters
(35 cc 68020 chip, 3,5 m/ scrsilvily)
(HS0 cE. G8140 chip, 0,5 maW sensitisity)
1280 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(68021) chip. 1l nans-ta 0.35 Arapere detic)
1200 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(6AIXX) chip, 1 mlcro-to 0l17 Ampera drive)
T-NOTCH" Nickel Reactors
•5-10,5 Watt Light Water Systeni
500 - 10.5 Kilowatt Light later System
I-NOTCH™ -Tested Nickel Electrodes
Look drive condi
mains 27, 6914251)
Spectroscopic Analysis
Integrating Multiring™M Calorimeters
N-NOTCH" Nickel Reactors
Specimen Testing & Certification
HEE
INTE
Integral
Thereal
Spectrozram™'
of
Nickel
Sample
and
Controt
Resistos
JET Energy Technology
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
International Low Energy Nuclear
Reactions Conference #2 Videos
Tapes of Meeting September '96
16 tapes
$120
Dr. Guang Lin 1 409-845-3661
More detailed analyses are available.
Technical reports on cold fusion, on
material and material processing.
Write the COLD FUSION TIMES
c/o Technical Reports Dept.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1408, "chars": 9386, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
** WHAT'S HAPPENIN' ** Winter "97
NEWS from the INTERNET
OP-ED COLUMN -
well-established, replicated
alternatives before it
is too late. You should start with a 20-minute taxi
IS JAPAN UNABLE TO MAIN-
TAIN A TECHNOLOGIC EDGE?
trip over to the University of Hokkaido. The ex-
periments being performed there by Mizuno, Oh-
mori, Enyo et al, are the best in Japan, and among
These are excerpts from a longer letter writ-
ten by Jed Rothweil. He is concerned that, despite
the confirmations by Italy, US, France, Russia,
etc., that NHE (Japan) has done more than 50 ex-
periments in a row with no success, and IMRA
(Japan) has also done 32 experiments without suc-
cess. Jed maintains that they have ignored the lit-
erature and improved techniques. Although some
Japanese may look with curiosity, in many ways
Jed Rothwell is right, and we support his enthu-
siasm for this field, and the importance of doing
things correctly. His full text is available at his
web site (URL page 2) or in Infinile Energy.
Critique Of NHE Experiments
Open Letter to The NHE
the best in the world. They get consistent results
at high signal to noise ratios. They observe dra-
matic, massive transmutations that produce un-
natural isotopic ratios and other indisputable proof
of nuclear reactions. This proof is more convinc-
ing than the mainstream neutrons, x-rays or tri-
tium results, because the effects are large and easy
to detect, non-transient, and cumulative. The long-
er the reaction runs, the more metal is transmuted.
Mizuno's proton conductors [9] have confirmed
by Oriani, [10] who is one of the best electroche-
mists in the world. Enyo and Mizuno's palladium
transmutation results have been confirmed by Mi-
nevski & Bockris [II]. Ohmori's [12] gold results
have been confirmed by Swartz [13]. Ohmori has
repeated his experiment more than 50 times, dem-
onstrating massive excess heat and transmutations
in evèry run. He inputs O.1 watts. After a 3 to
5-day incubation period, he observes between 0.4
Over the last three years I have felt a grow-
and I.O watts output, producing a 4 deg C Delta T
ing sense of unease about the NHE cold fusion
temperature in his isoperibolic calorimeter. The
program. At ICCF6, during the visit to the NHE
reaction generates transmuted material at levels
lab, and in conversations with Pons, Fleischmann,
100 times higher than contamination from ali
Kennel, Asami and others, I found my worst fears
sources in the cell, including material with highly
have been justified. The program has great prom-
ise, but in execution it is deeply flawed. .. Your re-
You have seen dramatic examples of what
searchers are ignoring techniques described in
can go wrong in your own lab with the Pons and
papers by Ikegami, Storms, Fleischmann, Celani
Fleischmann boil-off experiment. Even with some
and other leading researchers. In the Japanese
direct, hands-on help from Stan Pons, you were
Journal of Applied Physics, Ikegami [l] spelled
not able to replicate this in 20 attempts. Both SRI
out four essential conditions to achieving the cold [I5] and the French Atomic Energy Commission
fusion effect: high current density, high loading, a (CEREM) [16] were able to replicate this experi-
cathode temperature over 80 deg C, and proper
ment. Why did they succeed where you failed? I
surface preparation. Celani adds a fifth essential: believe it is because: 1. McKubre is an experi-
non-equilibrium triggering conditions. (Storms
enced electrochemist; 2. Lonchampt et al. got
disagrees, but most other experts say a trigger is
more direct, hands-on assistance from Pons and
needed.) Storms [2] and Cravens [3] describe es-
Fleischmann over a longer period of time than you
sential characteristics of the palladium, and meth-
did; 3. Lonchampt insisted on doing a rigorous
ods of testing it. I believe you have met the first precise, engineering-style replication, down to the
two conditions listed by Ikegami and ignored all
last wire. He is an engineer. He works the way an
the others. As McKubre pointed out in his closing
engineer would set up a semiconductor production
remarks, an SRI-style flow calorimeter is designed
line: he does everything exactly according to the
to ensure maximum equilibrium, unchanging tem-
book, making no altempt to be "creative" or to
peratures, and a cool cathode. At ICCF3, ICCF4
change anything. He knows that you must master
and ICCFS Fleischmann [4, 5, 6] described the es-
the subject first, then add your own contribution
sential role of high temperatures in promoting the
reaction, in what he calls "positive feedback' be-
I saw several gross differences between your
tween the temperature and the rate of excess en-
boil-off cell and Pons and Fleischmann's, starting
thalpy generation." Al ICCF4, Storms [7]
with the fact that theirs was half-silvered. I have
characterized the role of temperature, and
no idea which differences in the hardware or pro-
McKubre [8] described one of the most dramatic
tocol caused your cell to fail, but since the experi-
heat bursts in the SRI flow calorimeter, which oc-
ment has now been independently replicated
curred in 1993 when the flow was accidentally
twice, it must be your mistake, not Pons and
blocked and the cathode temperature rose higher
Fleischmann's. If you had gotten more help, and if
tian planned. McKubre pointed out that this con-
you had replicated the experiment with exactly the
firmed Fleischmann's hypothesis.
same glassware and wires, or better yet, if you had
practiced with a cell and cathode that had worked
The NHE lab is considered the flagship of
repeatedly in France, then your boil-off experi-
cold fusion. It has the best equipment and some of
ment would have worked as well as CEREM's did.
the finest, most dedicated and skillful workers.
You could have built on that lesson. You might go
You have the opportunity to make scientific histo-
back and do so now, but it would be better to start
ry. I urge you to open your eyes to some of the
with an easier, more reliable experiment like Oh-
REPRODUCTION OF
FLEISCHMANN AND PONS
Lonchampt, Bonnetain, Hicter
continued from page 10
In the intermediate regime, the water
vapor carried away by the gases of the elec-
trolysis are large, and cannot be evaluated
precisely. This makes the analysis difficult.
At boiling, three positive experiments have
been successful giving excess enthalpies
rates of 80% to 150%. We present the re-
sults obtained with different types of cath-
ode materials: pure, annealed and cold
worked palladium and alloys (Pd-Rh and
In conclusion, we confirm the re-
sults published by Pleischmann and Pons
|(1), more particuiarly in the boiling regime.
1. M. Fleischmann, S. Pons, Phys. Lett. A 176, 118
I. H. Ikegami, "The Next Steps
D, Gas," Infinite Energy, #4
Fusion Technology, March 1996, 10. R. Oriani, "A Confirmation
3. D. Cravens,
"Factots Affect-
of Anomalous Thermal Potver
ing the Success Rate of Heat
Generation
Generation in CF Cells," Proc.
From
Proton-
Conducting
Oxide," Proc. 6th
41h Int, Conf. on Cold Fusion,
int. Conf. on Cold Fusion, Hok-
Lahaina,
Maui.
EPRI
kaido, Japan, 0-036. To be pub-
TR-104188, Vol. 2, 18-1 Voted
lished in Fusion Technology.
Best Paper in Conference
Fleischmann
by
1996.
11. Z. Minevski, "Two Zones of
4, M. Fleischmann, "Calorimetry
"Impurities' Observed After Pro-
of the Pd-DO System:
from
longed Electrolysis of Deuterium
Symplicity via Complications to
on Palladium," Infinite Enersy,
Simplicity," Frontiers of Cold
combined issues 5 and 6, p. 67.
Fusion; Proc. 3rd Int. Conf. Cold
12. I. Ohmori, "Isotopic Distri-
Fusion, Nagoya, 1992, ed. H.
butions of Heavy Metal Elements
Ikegami (Universal Academy
Produced During the Light Wa-
Press, Tokyo, 1993), p. 47
ter Electrolysis on Au Electro-
S. M. Fleischmann,
"Calorimetry
de," Proc. 2nd Int. Low Energy
in the Pd-DO System: The
Nuclear Reactions Conf., Col-
Search for Simplicity and Accu-
racy." Proc. 4th Int. Conf on
Cold Fusion,
Lahaina,
Maui,
6th Int. Conf. on Cold Fusion
Hokkaida, Japan, TS-004
EPRI TR-104188,
Vol. l. p.
13. M. Swarz, "Possible Deute.
rium Production and Light Water
6. M. Fleischmann, "More about
Positive Feedback; more abour
Using Nickel Cathodes," Proc
Boiling." Proc. Sth Intern. Conf.
Low Energy
Cold Fusion
Valbonne,
Reactions Conl., College Station,
France, IMRA Europe, p. 140
7. E. Storms, "Some Characteris-
14. G. Miley, "Nuclear Reaction
lics of Heas Production Using
in Palladium-Hydrogen System,"
The 'Cold Fusion' Effect," Proc
infinite Energy, *8
4il Int. Conf. on Cold Fusion,
15.
S. Crouch-Baker
"Mass
Lahaina,
Maui,
EPRI
Flow Calorimetric Studies under
TR-104188, Vol. Z, p. 4-1
8. M. McKubre, "Loading, Calo-
Non-Steady
State Conditions,
Proc. 6th Int. Conf. on Cold Fu-
timetric and Nuclear Investiga-
sion, Hokkaido, Japan, P-004
tion of the Dild System," Proc.
16. G. Lonchamps, "Reproduc-
4ch Int. Conf. on Cold Fusion,
Lahaina,
Maui,
EPRI
don of Fleischmann and Pons
Experiments,"
Proc.
6th int
TR-104188, Vol. I, p. 5-52
Cont. on Cold Fusion, Hakkaido,
Japan, 0-044
WORLD WIDE WEB SOURCES
ON COLD FUSION
• COLD FUSION TIMES' home page:
http://world.std.com/~mica/cl.html
•Dieter Britz's home page http://kemi.aau.dk/-britz/
John Logajan's home page:
http://www.skypoint.com/members/jlogajan
• Infinite Energy home page:
http://www.mit.edu.8001/people/rei/CFdir/CFhome.htmt
http://ourwarld.compuserve.com/homepages/JedRothwell/

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1670, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE HAS GONE BEFORE
COLD FUSION -TIMES
Volume 5 Number 1
Winter 1997
© 1997
ISSN #1072-2874
MORE REPORTS:
News and Developments from Califor-
nia, Washington, D.C., Illinois, Massa-
chusetts, New Mexico, Rhode Island,
Texas, Utah, China, Denmark, En-
gland,
France, India, Italy, Japan,
Netherlands, Russia, Sri Lanka, United
Kingdom.
Plus copious material sci-
ence and engineering news.
Big Happenings.
This issue of the COLD FUSION TIMES features reports from
1993 a program of verification of the results of "cold fusion" pub-
lished in 1993 by Fleischmann and Pons (1). Experiments have
been performed in calorimeters identical to the ones used by
Fleischmann and Pons (1). We point out here that these types of
experiments can be analyzed in three temperature domains: - At
low temperatures, below 70 C, excess enthalpy is the deference be-
tween the heat radiated to the water bath, and the enthalpy input
due to electrolysis
- At intermediate temperatures, between 70 C and 99 C, ex-
cess enthalpy is the difference between the heat radiated towards
the water bath plus the enthalpy contents of the gas stream plus the
variation of enthalpy of the contents of the calorimeter because of
the fast temperature variation observed) and the introduced electri-
cal enthalpy
REPRODUCTION OF FLEISCHMANN
AND PONS EXPERIMENTS
G. Lonchampt, L. Bonnetain, P. Hicter, CEREM/CENG, ENSEEG
Saint Martin d'Heres, France The French Atomic Energy Commis-
sion, in association with the ENSEEG (Ecole Nationale Superieure
d'Electrochimie et d'Electrometallurgie de Grenoble) started in
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA USA 02181
TO:
--___
