{"created_utc": "2026-09-12T15:01:02Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 268614, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304117564391857, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119050-natural-energy-generation-and-water-air-purification.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540664130000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/119050-natural-energy-generation-and-water-air-purification.pdf", "source_sha256": "d822c240d0b28a5570f057e719f89d1fa4d0e10c9ee71ecd105b1c817b8f1b3e"}

I J.;   Yu..ax       u.u.~-..


                  Natural Energy Generation and Water & Air Purification


Working with the great and natural constructive potential of whirling flows and motions !that
nature provides for us, ATDG has tapped this unlimited potential to produce clean and
envirownentally-harmonious Electrical Energy Oeneration. ATl?C't,. Pgl~cr ( pdratiori 17esisna._--
produce energy without the need for destructive and polluting combuhtiOn such as fhal oils,
gasoline, butane, propane, ctc., or dcgenerative radioactive nuclear-based power plants. Our
designs have been given to us through spiritual inspiration in order to heal Mother Earth.

in addition. we are protecting and preserving our precious ozone layer by designing equivalent air
conditioning systems which do not depend on freon. fluorocarbons, and other harmful
contaminants in order to provide efficient and clean Advanced Cooling Systems for residential,
commercial, and industrial uses which provides a better quality of litb for all people of our Mother
Earth.

Also based on natural and harmonious principles, ATDG's concern thr our Mother Earth's lakes
and rivers is evidenced by our Water Purification System I)esigns. ATDG has a very new and
ultra-advanced technology which can purify our lakes and streams as well as desalinate seawater
at extremely high speeds and volumes as compared with any system and technology presently in
use anywhere in the world. Our Systems can not only significantly reduce the pollution of our
rivers and lakes, etc., they can provide pure water for all of the world's needs. The requirement
for pure water is becoming more critical worldwide and this is a strong motivational factor as we
enter the New Millennium. These advanced systems and technologies are simple, natural, and
very cost-effective, to implement At the same time as providing pure water, the energy
requirements to do so are shout RQ% less compared with alt other conventional systems of
desalinization due to the energy production capabilities of our advanced systems and technologies.

Another variation of our Sysi nis can very significantly reduce air pollution from both automobiles
and factories. 'Iliese are vital factors. to life in the next century. Volumes of pure water which can
be inexpensively produced by the desalinization of sea-water at extremely high speeds and
volumes shall greatly contribute to the world's agricultural industries. Our advanced systems and
technologies can he implemented cost-effectively in cities throughout the world.                    "" Y' a'

ATDG's Electrical Power Generators can also be built small enough (about the size of a hot water
heater) to provide more than enough Power for individual homes and farms. Other Advanced
Systems, designed by ATDt:I to replace internal combustion and diesel engines, can power marine
vessels, aircraft, cars, tractors and other farm machinery, etc., at a fraction of their current fuel
costs while providing greater power outputs.


                           %       n
