{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:51:42Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 926244, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119037-cold-fusion-times-winter-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "197a11644a53f26d83f6b66896341dd274f4fffeadbd61f06fefb27a553bd717"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 632, "chars": 4239, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IN THIS ISSUE
COLD FUSION POLITICS....
COLD FUSION UPDATES..
COLD FUSION BUSINESS
2,4,9
COLD FUSION PROGRESS .
.2,7
COLD FUSION CETI ANALYSIS... 3, 4,6,7, 8, 9
News and Developments from California, Washington, D.C., Illinols, Massachusetts, New Mexico, Rhode Island, Texas,
Utah, China, England, France, India, Japan, Netherlands, Russia, Sri Lanka, Unlted Kingdom
COLD FUSION EVENTS
1,
TECHNOLOGY .....
COLD FUSION FUNDING
.2
TOWARD THE FUTURE
FOR THE WORLD …....
.. 2,3,8
HELIUM .....
MITIAP CONFERENCE
WHAT'S HAPPENIN'
MATERIALS CORNER..
• 5,7,10
Volume 4 Number 1
WINTER 1996
ISSN#1072-2874
COLD FUSION TIMES
CETI's MICROSPHERES AND
REACTOR "DEMONSTRATED"
Anaheim, California - The December '95 POWER-GEN
conference may have been the world's largest electric
power industry trade show. Over 850 exhibitors and
14,000 people from 75 countries attended the meeting.
The aay of 250 conference paper presentations included
topics such as gas turbines, electric systems, government
regulations, control systems, and fluidized beds.
Although controversial, and discussed later in this edi-
tion, some cold fusion enthusiasts have claimed that the
cold fusion technology available today will make compet-
ing energy sources "obsolete as the buggy whip and the
slide rule". Will that technology include CETTs micro-
spheres? perhaps some other technology? This issue of
the COLD FUSION TIMES presents several parallax
views of the same CETI demonstration as well as critical
follow-up technology and business reports. Several
points of view are presented. Analyses of the thermome-
try, calorimetry, and the material science are reported be-
ginning on pages 3, 6 and 7.
CETI's RELATIVE SILENCE
Dallas, Texas - Our call to Jim Reding at CETI was made to
give him an opportunity to clarify the various points of view. He
stated that there is not a company write-up or fax available, but
that "people would be provided updated information" toward the
end of March 1996. He stated that his company relies upon Jed
Rothwell, "who took the measurements" during most of the public
series of experiments, and that other laboratories were now con-
ducting additional tests.
Mr. Reding, President of the company, stated that they are
producing 1000 Watts out (for a flow rate of about a liter per
minute) for 1 watt in. The observed delta-T, he said, was in the
range of 15 to 20% and was apparently a function of flow rate.
He continued that his position would be one of silence at this time
because of both corporate interests and because CEll is develop-
ing "a product".
DISAPPOINTED - UNDAUNTED -
COLD FUSIONEERS MEET
Cambridge, MA - The 1996 MIT annual IAP Confer-
ence on Cold Fusion met this year at the Marriott Hotel in
Cambridge. Although several MIT Alumni previously
worked to make this annual meeting available without
charge at MIT IAP, this time some of them finally
avoided the annual hassle and shifted the formal setting
far away from the Institute's "Infinite Corridor". The
meeting was launched by Dr. Eugene Mallove and Jed
Rothwell and included discussions about CETI. The au-
dience clearly had hoped to examine a demonstration set-
up. However, previous CETI proponents were left to flail
tentative possible reasons why CETI had suddenly clamed
up from its previous open pattern of public demonstra-
tions revealing some of their microsphere technology.
The Saturday meeting of scientists (median age ap-
peared to be 50 years) numbered over one hundred. They
were attentive during the entire day as the forum's focus
shifted from the CETI brouhaha toward material and nu-
clear science and then to
(continued page 2)
CETI/Patterson Setup at Anaheim
The cooling tower is on the left hand side with the reactors reported to
be on the right side - the CF cell and control cell respectively. The con-
trol box is barely seen on the lower left. The differential thermocouples
and ammeters are at the bottom.
[see page 2 (credits), and pages 3, 7]
All Rights Reserved.
No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in an electronic or retrieval system, transmitted, copied in any form or by
any means including electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, or storage
without the prior permission of the COLD FUSION TIMES.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 821, "chars": 5591, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
TOWARD THE FUTURE
1996 CURRENT STATE OF COLD FUSION
by Edmund Storms
not included. This device has obtained the atten-
This brief excerpt is from a November '95 tion of a major company where it was tested with
MEMORANDUM to Tom Claytor from Dr. success. This company is now going to acquire
Storms which was picked up through the Internet.
CETI. The results of the deal will be announced
It is important here because it is yet another view in the next few months.
A panel discussion on CF was held at the
of the CETI demonstrations. The except is SOFE meeting (Oct. 1995). Much interest was
also important because the COLD FUSION
shown with only a few people revealing extreme
TIMES supports Dr. Storms' solid reporting of skepticism. With the hot fusion budget dropping,
scientific breakthroughs, and because it summa-
people are looking for any port in the storm. Un-
rizes significant events in 1995, which suppie- like the attitude in US government and at LANL,
ment the material and information previously interest in learning about the phenomenon is
presented in the COLD FUSION TIMES.
growing elsewhere."
"Several interesting events have oc-
curred since we talked last.
They are sum-
marized below with details following.
1. The Pons-Fleischmann patent has been
FUSIONEERS MEET
issued by the European Union.
(continued from page 1) business and other
2. The Piantelli patent has been issued by Italy, over-unity devices under examination by
3. MITI (Japan) has increased its funding for experimentalists. The meeting featured Hal
Cold Fusion (New Hydrogen Energy) from Fox, Keith Johnson, and James Griggs each
$30M/4years to $100M/4 years because of sig- outlining advances in their technologies.
nificant success.
Dr. Johnson showed a preview of his movie
4. The CELL (Patterson) light-water device has Excess Heat and shared more details of the
been tested by 3 major laboratories and found to
plotline. Mr. Griggs shared further in-
produce excess energy. A factor of 10 excess is
formation including the fact that NASA will
routine with levels of 70 times being recently
reported.
now investigate his device.
5. The American Nuclear Society arranged for
Even though absent, much talk was
a panel discussion on Cold Fusion at the recent about CETI and its retreat since the
SOFE meeting.
POWER-GEN conference until even over
6. The Fiat Auto Company arranged for an the Internet comments were posted regard-
all expense paid meeting of experts on Cold Fu- ing the unavailability of their "demonstra-
sion at Asti (Oct. 11-13, 1995) in Italy which I tion".
Jed Rothwell seemed the most
attended.
disappointed. He had nurtured the compa-
7. My self-funded efforts to make excess ener-
ny's PR, after he seredipidously "discove-
gy using palladium supplied by IMRA(Japan)
red" the company's existence through a
have succeeded in producing 10% excess (4 W
Japanese newspaper! Mr. Rothwell had re-
The Third Conference on Cold Fusion and ported on two groups of demonstrations and
Nuclear Transmutation (RCCF-3) took place in felt that CENT had a "business relations fias-
Dagomis (Russian Federation) on Oct 2-7, 1995. co". He had good ideas regarding future in-
trumentation for them, and was shocked b
he Patterson light-water cell was demon- their "interruptus school of public rela
strated at the SOFE meeting after being as- tions". One rumor circulated is that Moto-
sembled and tested in Prof.
George Miley's rola was one of the companies that may
laboratory at the University of Illinois. They
were able to generate 4 W, of excess power by
have produced the sudden change in public
applying 0.4 W. The recombination energy is
relations behavior. »
American Cold Fusion Engineering and Supply
introduces
Fullerene Fusion opening
new horizons for Cold Fusion.
C60 loaded with deuterons and imploded
Creates a magnetoelectrodynamic plasma vortex
Direct conversion —fusion 10 electricity.
Investors, collaborators and experimenters explore
• let or is em toy and aling tar ten
genesis of this new technology. Order your manual,
*Warm Fusion Electrodynamie Generator."
Today!
Only 5100.00
Sigued Proprietary Meterials Agreemens requined before delirery,
Call or Write for delivery delails.
PO. Bas 191394, Sacramento, CA 95819-1394
1-800-713-9345
E-Mail: coolwtr@/eol.Dom
Satisfaction Guaranteed
Photo Credits:
CET/ Setup at Anaheim - Photos (page I and 7) From John Lo-
gajan's Web site, taken by Akirs Kawasakl & Jed Rothwell.
Back Cover: Gaseous Pillars Mi6. Taken with HST-WFPCZ
PRC95-44• J. Hester, P. Scowen (NASA, 11/2/95)
Cold Fuslon Times LOGO - Palladium must be fully filled
with deuterons to generate the reactions.
The logo was in part
based upon a water structure drawn by John Mart. In the logo, the
face-centered cubic fully loaded metallic structure is shown on the
left, totally filled with deuterons obtained from the heavy water on
the right hand side.
Image Processing -- JET Tecbnology
Publisher and Editor: Mitchell Swartz
Assistant Editor: Gayle Verner
Technical and Photographic Contributors and Consultants:
Stephen Baer, Suzanne Tribone, Richard Goldbaum,
John Voci, Jayne Yaffe
FLEA MARKET AT MIT
Third Sunday, prit tinu October 1996
PO BOX 39082 MT Branch
Cambridge MA 02139
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The Scientific Aspects Of
Loading Isotopic Fuels Into Materials
Volume 4 Number 1 - Winter 1996
ISSN# 1072-2874 published quarterly ©1996 JET Technology
All rights reserved.
Annual subscription rate $120.00 Single issues $40.00.
Postage and handling charge of $5.00 per order outside of the United States.
K. Box 313 alerty 76, 04 081 0268L

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 867, "chars": 5871, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PEOPLE IN THE NEWS
Winter '96
RETURNS NEXT ISSUE - We bring you clear excerpts of opinion this month about CETI
MORE THOUGHTS ON ANAHEIM DEMO
ANAHEIM VIEWED BY
CETI's CHIEF SUPPORTER
by Jed Rothwell
DISTANCE BETWEEN ROTH-
WELL AND CETI
by Richard A Blue
Atlanta, December 12, 1995 - Last week
at the Power-Gen '95 Americas power indus-
I commend Mitchell Jones for his demon-
try trade show in Anaheim (December 5-7, stration (Ed. see page 6) that there may well be
1995), a 1-kilowatt cold fusion reactor was problems with the CETI demonstration with re-
demonstrated by Clean Energy Technolo- gard to the heat dissipation capabilities of the
gies, Inc. (CETI) of Dallas Texas. The cath-
"radiator." What is most clearly being brought
ode is composed of thousands of I mm
out in subsequent discussions of this matter is
diameter co-polymer beads with a flash coat
that the information that has been provided is
of copper and multiple layers of electrolyti- not really adequate to reach any sound conclu-
cally deposited thin film nickel and palla- sions. Even with regard to the supposed oper-
dium. CETI holds four U.S. patents on the ating power level of the CETI device the
beads, with additional patents pending. Dur- numbers are all over the place.
ing the demonstration, between 0.1 and 1.5 Were fed a claim that "1300 watts" was clearly
watts of electricity was input, and the cell demonstrated as if that level had been sustained
output 450 to 1,300 watts of heat.
and/or replicated for a significant number of
hours. Now that appears to be contrary to fact.
In April 1995, at the Fifth International The 1300 watt operation was some sort of
Conference on Cold Fusion (ICCF5) CETI maximum, and we can't even get a straight an-
demonstrated a cell with input of 0.14 watts swer as to how long that maximum was ob-
and a peak excess of 2.5 watts, a ratio of served. If, as the Jones test indicates, the
1:18. In October 1995, at the 16th biannual cooling capacity of the radiator was likely in-
Symposium on Fusion Engineering (SOFE adequate for 1300 watts there should have been
'95) the University of Illinois showed a a clear signature in the experimental data.
CETI cell with 0.06 watts input and 5 watts
In fact, the performance of the radiator
peak output, a ratio of 1:83. Ratios at Power- should have had an effect on the data even if
Gen ranged from 1:1000 to 1:4000.
every thing worked perfect or could be judged
if just one measurement had been logged! All
The ICCF5 and Power-Gen calorime-
we need to know is the temperature of the fluid
ters were designed and constructed by Den- leaving the radiator. Amazingly this tempera-
nis Cravens. The SOFE '95 calorimeter was ture reading has been ignored as not having
constructed by George Miley's group at the any particular significance toward an under-
University of Illinois. The Power-Gen cell standing of the CETI demonstration. Simply
and calorimeter are much larger than CETTs stated, the extraction of more heat from the flu-
previous cold fusion demonstration devices. id in the radiator must imply a rise in the tem-
The cell is 10 cm long, 2:5 cm in diameter, perature of the fluid exiting the radiator. It is
containing roughly 40 ml of beads. Previous.
flow calorimetry in reverse. When the tem-
cells had about I ml of beads. The cell itself perature differential across the Patterson cell
is wrapped in opaque foam plastic because goes up there must also be an increase in the
the cell geometry has been improved and the temperature differential across the radiator.
improvements are not yet covered by patent unless there is something bogus about the tem-
applications. Other components in the calo- perature differentials in the first place.
rimeter are made of clear Lucite plastic.
The flow calorimeter reservoir holds
2.5 liters and the flow rate is set between 1.0
and 1.5 liters per minute. A control cell is
mounted parallel to the hot cell. The flow to
both cells is regulated with precision valves.
The reservoir and pump consist of a Mag-
num 220 aquarium pump with a micron fil-
ter attachment, with an additional Lucite
cylinder built on top of the pump unit to
hold a cooling coil, gas trap, and a 3.5 watt
computer cooling fan. Water is circulated by
a magnetic impeller pump,
(continued page 4, see also page 7)
Here is some sample data as reported by
Mr. Rothwell, of the Patterson/Cell:
Test 1, December 4, two hours
INPUT POWER
Measured AC: 0,7 A * 120 V - 84 W
Electrolysis: 0,18 A * 8 V - 1.4 W
OUTPUT POWER
Flow rate 1200 ml/minute (300 ml in 15 seconds)
Delta T Temperature 16 to 17 deg C
1200 ml * 16 deg C * 4.2 - 80,640 j/min = 1,344 W
Test 2, December 5, afternoon, 30 minutes.
INPUT POWER
Measured AC: 0,7 A * 140 V = 98 W
Electrolysis: 0.02 A * 3.9 V = 0,1 W
OUTPUT POWER
Flow rate 1000 ml/min (250 ml/15 seconds)
Delta T Temperature 6.7 deg C
1000 ml * 6.7 * 4.2 = 28,140 j/min = 469 W
OF GREAT INTEREST
TO OUR READERS
SEE FOR THE WORLD (PAGE 8)
COLD FUSION TIMES
The lone Of The Schmple hopes o
Landing isopte Five into A laterian.
18011a 1871-2874
publiched partety o
3
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
FUSION FACTS
PO Box 58639
SALT LAKE CITY, UT
84158
"COLD FUSION"
70 Route 202N
Peterborough NH 03458
INFINITE ENERGY
PO Box 2816
Concord, NH 00302
Cold Fusion Technology
P.O. Box 2815
Concoro, [H DOCOL 2876
Phone: 603-228-4516
Untapped Technicosy
FUTURE TECHNOLOGY
INTELLIGENCE REPORT
PO Box 423652
San Francisco, CA 94142
FUTURE TRENDS
Minnesota CF Alliance
365 Summit Ave.
St. Paul, MN 55102
UNTAPPED
TECHNOLOGY
IN REVIEW
PO Box 5185
ENDS
Mesa, AZ 85211
ELECTRIFYING TIMES
63600 Deschutes Rd Bend,
OR 97701
(503) 388-1908
FAX (360) 693-4408.
MODANIEL REPORT
1055 West College Ave.
#273 Santa Rosa,
CA 95401
THE MARS
MISSION
122 Dodd St.
Weehawken NJ 07087
CHRISTA
CORRIGAN
MCAULIFFE CENTER
100 State Street
Framingham, MA 01701

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 949, "chars": 6156, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CETI's 1.3 KILOWATT
REACTOR DEMONSTRATED!
by Robert Bass
4
the setup operating with my own eyes, and excluding the far-fetched
possibility of deliberate fraud, i.e. accepting the readings from the
multimeters and other instruments as valid, the hypothesis of exper-
imental error or accidental self-deception seems to me absurdly
remote.
Anaheim, California - December 4, 1995 will be remem-
The much-discussed pump was circulating water through two
bered in history like Fermi's epochal first fission pile at the parallel vertical columns; we twice measured that 300 milliliters of
U of Chicago. On this date a group of unaffiliated scientists water was being pumped through each columnar cell in 15 sec-
witnessed a demonstration of the 1.3 kW steady-state 'CF' onds, making 1.2 liters/minute.
The control cell was drawing 1.6
reactor produced by CETI Inc. under the Patterson Power
Watts (specifically, 0.33 Amps at 4.75 Volts) and contained
Cell™ patents, which included a simultaneously-operated
what was called 'IO-shot' metallic beads. The rise in temperature
of the water through the control cell was a paltry 2.6 degrees Centi-
control demonstration that should silence all critical objec-
grade. CETI would not comment on any improvements to the cell
tions, and by any reasonable scientific criterion produces
design or the beads contained inside the cell. All that was said
960 times more thermal energy than electric energy con-
was that the active cell contained "less than 40 milligrams of metal"
sumed. Specifically the 'active' electrolytic cell used a 1.4 which was not specified. As mentioned above, the active cell was
Watt input (namely 0.18 Amps at 8 Volts) and caused a drawing 1.4 Watts (namely 0.18 Amps at 8 Voits), and so using
full 16 degrees Centigrade rise in the temperature of water the standard specific heat conversion factor of 69.8] if one multi-
flowing at the rate of 1.2 liters/sec (i.e. 1,344 Watts).
plies 16 degrees Centigrade by 1.2 liters/minute one gets 1.344
kilowatts of thermal output. Dividing 1,344 by 1. 4 yields a 'gain' of
Present at this private preview
public demonstration to
be made before the 14,000 atten-
Skeptics who want to whine that power is sneaking from
dees at Power-Gen '95 on De-
one end of the table, where the pump motor is running, all
cember 5 were, of course, Dr. the way to the active column and somehow influencing the
James Patterson, inventor, and his active cell but not the immediately adjacent parallel control
grandson Jim Reding, President cell should explain the miracle of 'selective sneaking'. How-
of CETI Inc. The setup was ex-
ever, to give the Devil's Advocate his due, the witnesses
plained and questions fielded by
Dr. Dennis Cravens, who an-
noted that the total power involved in the entire experi-
swered every question asked ex-
ment, pump and both cells and all, was only 84 Watts, so
cept one pertaining to a
the skepties' gain may be defined as 1,344 divided by 84,
technical improvement (now pat-
namely 16-to-1, which is still a remarkable technological
ent pending) in the internal details in comparison to the demonstra-
breakthrough any way you want to think about it! I believe
tion made at SOFE (which has been independently replicated
that this preview-demonstration was one of the high points of
by graduate students of Dr. George Miley, Editor-in-Chief
my 65 years on planet Earth -- as memorable as when I met
of the American Nuclear Society's journal Fusion Technology).
Einstein at a 1950 Rhodes Scholars' sailing party!
Except for this one novel improvement, all details were similar to
those disclosed in the 4 issued patents and previous news re-
leases. But this new wrinkle has improved the 'gain' from 80-to-1
Dennis Cravens admitted that 'CF' is a generic term, and that
if eg. Hal Puthoff is right about ZPF energy, the excess
energy
need not be nuclear. My personal speculation is that the nickel
lattice is catalyzing the fusion of two protons into a deuteron
plus a positron [soon annihilated by collision with an electron, mak-
ing a photon]; when I asked Jim Reding "Supposing that the reac-
tion is nuclear, how long would you have to run this cell before
the build-up of heavy water would become easily measurable?"
he replied: "We are leaving that calculation to people like you to
figure out." At one point Dennis wrote on the board symbols in-
dicating
that
if
one
started
with
spin-aligned
proton-plus-Lithium-7 pair (i.e. used magnetically-polarized fuel),
then there is an enhanced probability of fusion to yield an excited
Beryllium nucleus, which spontaneously decays into two alpha-
particles (helium-4 nuclei), but it was not clear from his amused
expression whether he was giving us slow learners a hint, or sim-
ply tweaking the competition with deliberate disinformation. (He
has previously published articles about spin-polarization enhance-
ment in 'FUSION FACTS, mentioning that this is a known con-
cept in hot fusion circles, so 1 surmise he was serious.) On seeing
Rothwell on CETI
(continued from page 3)
driven by a 50-watt motor mounted underneath. Static in-line
mixers ensure mixing. (These are plastic objects about an inch long
with vanes to stir the flow.) A few weeks before the conference,
Cravens decided to increase the flow rate in order to keep the tem-
perature below 50 degrees C. The new flow rates exceeded the ca-
pacity of his flowmeters. He was not able to procure a bigger
flowmeter in time for the conference, so no flowmeter was installed.
Flow was measured by turning stopcocks to redirect fluid from the
cell outlet tube into a graduated cylinder for 15 seconds. This test
was performed many times, and the flow rate was not observed to
change measurably, except when it was deliberately adjusted be-
tween runs. The water hose from the pump is coiled in an air cooled
box on top of the reservoir. Air is drawn through the box by the
cooling fan. The pump, cooling fan and DC power supplies elec-
trolysis all have one common AC cord, which is monitored by a Ra-
dio Shack analog AC voltmeter and a multimeter. Total power
consumption by ail components is 85 watts. (continued page 5)

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 995, "chars": 6330, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MATERIALS CORNER
HELIUM-4 (He*) PRODUCTION
DURING COLD FUSION REACTIONS
(Part III)
by Mitchell Swartz
Cold fusion reactions are quite novel because they only
occur in a physically dense material and not in a "gas-like"
hot fusion plasma. They are also novel because they create
helium-4, which is one of the major products (or nuclear
"ashes") of this new technology. No known chemical reac-
tion is known to generate de novo quantities of helium. The
only sources of more helium are those which can be created
with either nuclear fusion in hot systems or by the radioactive
decay of tritium (which occurs by emission of an electron),
and apparently -- to the consternation of the scientific world
- cold fusion.
Unlike hot fusion which generates helium-3
(and neutrons), cold fusion generates harmless helium-4, an
inert gas which is already in the atmosphere, and is even used
to filled party balloons.
Cold Fusion's product : helium-4
Helium is a quite minor component of the Earth's atmo-
sphere. The amount of helium in air ranges from 6 to 33
parts per million. However, in some natural hydrocarbon
gases helium is contained up to a relatively whopping 6-7%.
There are two types (isotopes) of helium, and both are pecul-
iar in most of their physical and chemical properties. Helium
is an inert gas because it does not form compounds with other
elements. In the Earth's atmosphere, the majority of the he-
lium ( 99.99987 %) is helium-4 ('He) which is composed of
4 atomic units (two protons and two neutrons). The rest is a
very minor fraction called helium-3 (He) which contains the
two protons required for helium but, unlike helium-4, only
one neutron.
As previously discussed (Parts 1,2), some of the remark-
able observations in the field of cold fusion clearly demon-
strate that the helium-4 "ash" production by cold fusion is
consistent with some of the reactions having a probable nu-
clear origin.
production is time-correlated with the onset of excess heat, to
its observed power levels of excess heat, and even correlated
with the exposure of undeveloped x-ray films which are blan-
keted around some active electrodes.
of ultrasound can also create helium when it impacts palla-
dium in DO solution. It is these multiple factors -- obtained
from data of several labs -- which offer strong support for the
helium generation information. These reports are consistent
with a nuclear origin as the explanation for some of the cold
fusion phenomena.
The COLD FUSION TIMES needs your subscription, and support.
It is the only cold fusion journal which is devoted exclusively to the material, economic,
and intellectual property issues of loading isotopic fuel - a hydrogen isotope - into a material
used to produce useful energy.
© JET Technology
5
Rothwell on CETI (continued from page 3)
The Delta T temperatures and reservoir temperatures are mea-
sured with K-Type thermocouples, with Omega Model HH22 Mi-
croprocessor Thermometers. Power is measured with Metex M
3800 series multimeters. The first test was marred by a malfunction
in the control cell. The control cell consisted of tin plated steel
shot, arranged as an electrochemical cathode, in the same configu-
ration as the smaller CETI thin film beads. During tests at the lab
leading up to the conference, this produced no excess heat, as ex-
pected. However, during the first test at one point it appeared to be
producing a Delta T temperature as high as 2.6 deg C. Assuming
the flow rate and input power were stable, this would indicate a
216 watt excess. Cravens said he thought was due to a short circuit
or an obstruction in the flow, or both, since an obstruction would
likely cause both problems. He turned off the control cell for safe-
ty, and repaired it later on. He told me the next day his suspicion
was confirmed, the anode and cathode had come in contact because
it was plugged up. I expect this explains the apparent excess, but I
cannot be sure because I have no detailed data. I was not able to
observe the equipment closely, verify the thermocouple readings,
input power levels, flow rate, or note when the apparent excess be-
gan. (The incident occurred soon after I arrived. I was sitting
across the room listening to the exposition.) The control cell was
replaced with a joule heater for the remainder of the conference,
which raised the water temperature the normal, expected amount.
Later on, in subsequent tests, I was able to observe the ma-
chine closely, and to make direct measurements of its performance
with my own instruments. I tested the flow rate on the cold fusion
cell side several times. As noted above, I did not see any measur-
able variation except when the flow was deliberately changed from
1,300 ml to 1,000 ml. per minute by closing the valves. 1 checked
the thermocouple readings in the reservoir, inlet and outlet with
two thermistors and a thermometer. They agreed closely with the
thermocouple readings. The reservoir temperature can be taken by
removing the cooling loop section on top and inserting the thermis-
tor probe directly into the water. Measuring 'inlet and outlet tem-
perature required a little more ingenuity. I confirmed the outlet
thermocouple reading by taking a 250 mi sample of water from the
outlet pipe during a flow test and immediately measuring the tem-
perature before the sample cooled significantly. I confirmed the
cold fusion inlet temperature by turning off the control side joule
heater and taking a 250 ml sample from the control outlet pipe.
CETI plans to follow up on this with demonstrations of proto-
type consumer products, including larger cells for space heating
and heat engines. They are working to develop these devices as
rapidly as they can. They estimate that it will take six months to
one year to make suitable prototypes. CETI is now engaged in joint
R&D projects with five corporate and university strategic partners,
including the University of Illinois and the University of Missouri.
All five have independently verified the excess heat. The Univer-
sity of Illinois group has fabricated beads from scratch using a
sputtering technique rather than electrolytic deposition. They have
observed excess heat from their own beads as well as beads pro-
vided to them by CETI.
THE PATENT PAGE
Analysis of the Intellectual Property
**s Returns Next Issue ***

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1121, "chars": 6964, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
Given the discussions of some, it might seem that it does not look totally good for the
COLD FUSION THEORIES
CETT demo. These calculations by Mitchell Jones are the most interesting at this time (chock
sci physics. fusion some of the lates cross-fire) and supplemental the comment of Dick Blue
which balance the other more numerous favorable reports
We invite CETI to respond in
quantitative fashion when their reports are out and available.
Thus, for plastic tubing, we have: q= k(T,-lo)(2*7"L)/In (xy/X,)
If we use Am to represent the logarithmic mean area of the cylindrical
barrier between the electrolyte and the air, this can be rewritten as:
In cases where the area of the outer surface of the tubing is not great-
erthan twice as large as the area of the inner surface, we can use the arithme-
tic mean [to wit: (A; + A.)/2] of the inner and outer surface areas rather than
the logarithmic mean, and thereby simplify our calculation.
Substituting the
arithmetic mean into the formula and manipulating, we soon get:
Jones' View of Anaheim: Some Simple Cal-
culations Assuming 42 Cubic Feet per Minute
by Mitchell Jones
"The problem with the Power Gen demo was not that the air-
flow could not dissipate the heat. The problem was that there wasn't
enough surface area of materials (mostly plastic) to deliver the need-
ed 1344 watts to the air without a runaway temperature increase in
the fluid. To see why, let's do the requisite calculations. We begin
with Fourier's simple differential equation expressing heat conduc-
tion across a barrier:
q=k*A*dT/d×
Here q is the rate of heat transfer (e.g., in calories/sec), k is the
value of thermal conductivity of the material of which the barrier is
composed, A is the cross sectional area of the barrier perpendicular
to the direction of heat flow, dT is the differentially small (and taken
here to be positive) temperature change across a differentially small
thickness dx, with dx being measured parallel to the flow of heat. To
apply this to our specific situation, we begin by multiplying both
sides by dx/A, giving
4°(dx/A) = k*aT
Writing the definite integral, and integrating both sides, we get:
Expanding the right side and reversing the order we have:
Expansion of the right side depends of the specifics of the problem --
i.e., on whether A varies and how it varies. For the case of hollow cylinders
with hot electrolyte on the inside and air on the outside, A = 2*T*x*L,
where L is the length of the tubing and x is the radius.
Rewriting:
[*(T-7)0(271
Expanding the right side, we quickly get:
K(T-T.)(2*T"L/q= In (x2/x,)
COLD FUSION TIMES'
FAVORITE CARTOON OF THE "MONTH"
Editorial Humor (5/16/95)
Still Unclear
on the Corcept
HAPPY 25H ANNIVERSART
BARTEN
DAY
WE LIKETE
THINK OF EVERY
DIY AS EARTH DAY.
AVERLA ARLES SUND.
Everything in the Power Gen setup consisted of hollow cylinders with
hot electrolyte on the inside and air on the outside. The cell itself was a hol-
Iow glass cylinder. The tubing was essentially a hollow plastic cylinder, and
so was the pump reservoir. Since we have been told that the cell outlet tem-
perature was 36 degrees C and the inlet temperature was 20 degrees C, it is
evident that the average temperature of the electrolyte in the external part of
the loop (the part outside of the cell itself) was about 28 degrees C. Since the
external part of the fluid loop is where the 1344 watts would have been dis-
sipated, we can take 28 degrees C as the fluid temperature for computational
purposes. Since we have assumed ambient temperature in the room to have
been 20 degrees C, that becomes the temperature of the air outside the cylin-
ders. And, assuming perfect mixing of the electrolyte inside the cylinders, it
follows that the temperatures of the inside surfaces of the two cylinders (the
tubing and the reservoir) would both be 28 degrees C. Similarly, assuming
perfect mixing of the air on the outside of the cylinders, the temperatures of
the outside surfaces would both be 20 degrees C. (Of course, perfect mixing
did not occur and, thus, the real temperature gradient across these surfaces
was less than 8 degrees C. As a consequence, the true heat conduction rate
for the apparatus would be somewhat less than the value we are about to cal-
culate. Our value will be the theoretical maximum conduction rate for the
system, assuming idealized conditions. If that idealized maximum capacity
is not sufficient to dissipate 1300 watts, you can rest assured that the actual
system could not do it!) Since T, - To = 28 - 20 = 8 degrees C for the exter-
nal portion of the fluid loop, the formula becomes:
9=K*(A¡tA.)*(8)/12(x,-Xo)]=4K* (A; +A.)/(XI-Xy)
According to Jed we have a maximum of 18 feet of 3/8th inch ID plas-
tic tubing in the loop. If it is thin-wailed, then it is 1/2 inch OD, and the cor-
responding radii will be half of those values. Thus for the tubing, Xo= 3/16 in
=.476 cm, and x, = 1/4 in = .635 cm. Thus the area of the inside surface of
the tubing is A, = 2*1*(476)*18*12*2,54 = 1640 cm', and the area of the
outside surface of the tubing is A, = 2**(.635)*18*12*2.54 = 2189 cm?
Since A, is less than twice the value of Ai, our formula will estimate
the conductive capacity of the plastic tubing to better than 4 percent accura-
All we need is a conservative estimate of the thermal conductivity, k
of plastic. In my copy of Handbook of Applied Thermal Design, by Guyer,
pg. 6-40, 1 find that thermal conductivities for plastics fall in the range from
.05 to .2 BTO's/hr-it-deg F.
To be very conservative, let's use the upper limit of this range for our
calculations. Converting to appropriate units, we have values into the formu-
la given above, we have 332 watts.
That's a hell of a lot less than 1344
watts, now isn't it? And all we have left in the external portion of the fluid
loop is the pump reservoir itself, in that case, Xo = 7.5 cm and X, = 7.8 cm,
and the height of the fluid in the reservoir when the pump is running is gen-
erally about 10 cm. Thus A; = 2*T*(7.5)*10 = 471 cm, and A, =
2*т*(7.8)*10 = 490 cm'. Again, A, is less than twice the value of Aj, so our
formula will work just fine. Therefore, we have: 4 = 4$8.26*10**
(471+490)/(7.8-7.5), or 44.5 watts.
The only surfaces left in the external portion of the fluid loop which
could dissipate some heat would be the top and bottom of the reservoir. The
top is made of thick black plastic and is separated from the water surface by
an air layer that is about 10 cm thick, so its heat dissipation capacity is
trivial -- not worth figuring. The bottom of the reservoir is also not worth fi-
guring, because it rests on top of the thick plastic motor housing, separated
from it by an insulating layer of trapped air.
Some evaporative cooling
would also be possible through a small hole that Cravens drilled in the reser-
voir lid to permit H, and O, gases to escape. I have tested this experimen-
tally, and found its effect to also be trivial.
(continued page 8)

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 676, "chars": 4348, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ENGINEERING AND MATERIALS VIEW
TOWARD COLD FUSION
JET Technology O
ELEMENTARY SURVEY
OF CETI MICROSPHERE DEMO
Mitchell Swartz
200%
Why use them?
The advantage of the CETI microspheres is reported to be the f
use a few per cent of the metal of other systems.
Another advan-
tage the company claims is the purported ability of the beads to
withstand
up
to
30
thousand
atmospheres.
What are they?
There is limited material available
~/am
tzer
Atten
except for the patent. The CETI micro-
spheres appear to be multilayer metallic
coats, used as a distributed electrode,
cast over a styrene interior bead.
Based
upon some photomicrographs
and video shown at the MIT IAP '96
meeting, the plastic surfaces appear
similar to microscopic golf balls. The
material purported to contain cross-
linked styrene divinyl benzene. The
photographic ratios appear slightly dif-
ferent from the drawings of Bruce Klein
Bryaer cons
(courtesy of Victor Lapuszynski and
John Logajan). The latter (right), and
drawings of the compressive device
- Falladium
- Nickel.
(midcolumn, after Bruce Klein) and
system assembly (top right, after Akira
Ni/Pd /Ni Beads
Kawasaki) have been laboriously
as-
sembled by them.
Anode
Electronit
Flow
7
ATC
Calibrotion
Hearter
Consoctians
Cylinder
- Knurled neit
nade comer.
Nonconducti x cends
ective
heady screate
cattade material.
ive carhode screen
- Support tod
Final plate
Cattade,
Cartection
Efectrolyte
-bud. In
The setup is shown on page 1, and
the control box and reservoir are shown
on the bottom of the page photographs
taken by Akira. Kawasaki and Jed Roth-
well on December 6, 1995 (URLs are lo-
cated on the bottom of 9). [Ed. We are
assured that the next issue of Infinite En-
ergy will contain in further information].
The reports are that first copper is
placed so as to cover
over the plastic mi-
crosphere using a solution of copper chio-
ride. Then a series of micron thick layers composed of nickel, then
palladium, and then nickel again, are placed over the sphere using
combinations of electrode-less and electrode process. The micro-
spheres are packed together so as to create an electrode bed of size
about 2 centimeters in width. The pressure is derived from pistons.
on two opposing sides (top and bottom of the electrolytic cell).
(continued page 9)
"ACCIDENT" IN LAB
(Continued from page 10)
In fact, he claims the motor is so efficient that, when the scooter
is throttled back and free-wheeling, the engine becomes a generator
and partly recharges the batteries while on the move, giving the
scooter its enormous range. Michael Lughton, professor of electrical
engineering at London University, [this is not the university engineer
I met] is impressed. "It's an incredible machine," he says.
"Takaha-
shi seems to have developed an extraordinarily efficient electric mo-
tor and control system. In principle there's no reason why it couldn't
be scaled up for an electric car." Takahashi has a good record in com-
mercial innovation. While at Sony, he developed Beta videotape
technology, which became the standard system used by the television
industry until it was overtaken by VHS. He now has big plans for
commercial exploitation of his new magnetic discovery.
"The YT magnet can be used for any application where conven-
tional magnets are currently used - from credit cards to loudspeakers,
with a huge potential increase in information-storage and quality," he
says. One novel use for the magnet invented by Takahashi is to ex-
tend the life of the rechargeable batteries. His magnets can be made
into thin inch-wide squares, which, if fitted to mobile-phone batter-
ies, will double the amount of charge they retain and so last twice as
long:
This "battery doubler" is already on the market in Japan
where, says Takahashi, the Japanese equivalent of BT [British Tele-
comf lias ordered 100,000 of them.
At present the magnetic alloys are manufactured under license in
Japan but last month Takahashi announced his intention to set up his
primary manufacturing plant in Britain: "Britain has lower overheads
than many other countries and there are hundreds of engineering
companies within a few hours drive of London;" he says. A factory
site has already been earmarked in north London, though Takahashi.
now requires 20 million British Pounds [approx. $30,000,000] in-
vestment to develop it properly.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 593, "chars": 4143, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Jones' View of Anaheim
(continued from page 6)
Conclusions
With the claimed 16 degree C tem-
perature drop in the external portion of
the fluid loop and 18 feet of plastic tub.
ing, the Power Gen demo could have dis-
sipated no more than about 332 + 44.5 =
376.5 watts, which is far, far less than the
1344 watts that were calculated based on
the measurements. Worse, 376.5 watts is
an idealized maximum figure that as-
sumes perfect mixing of the fluids on
both sides of the barrier. It would be
possible to apply film coefficients and
compute the effects of imperfect mix-
ing on these results, but that would
substantially lower the calculated
heat dissipation capacity of the setup.
Similarly, my calculations assume
that the thermal conductivities of the
plastics used were at the top of the
range of the known thermal conducti-
vities for plastic. If an average value
for the conductivity of plastic had
been used, the potential dissipation
would have been 38% less. Based on
the calculations given in the previous
sections, we would need at a bare
minimum (1344/376.5)*18 = 64.25
feet of plastic tubing in the external
portion of the flow loop to deliver
1344 watts of heat to the air with the
claimed 16 degree C temperature
rise!
Bottom line: The problem isn't that
the air flow can't carry away the heat;
the problem is that the plastic barrier
material can't deliver the heat to the
air fast enough to prevent a runaway
temperature increase in the fluid. My
theoretical analysis suggests that with
18 feet of plastic tubing, the tempera-
ture would rise far, far above the
claimed equilibrium temperature of
36 degrees C, and this conclusion is
confirmed
by
my
experimental
results.
P.S. I'm sorry for going into such tedious
detail. I did it to encourage critical feedback.
If I have made an error here, or in the experi-
ments that I detailed in my earlier posts, I want
to know about it. I would much prefer that my
car ran on water and got 300,000 miles to the
gallon, and I am eager for someone to prove
that it is going to do so in the near future!
-
FOR THE WORLD
(More Information -- See Pages 2 And 3 Too)
COLD FUSION
TIMES
BROUGHT TO YOU BY
THE FIRST AMENDMENT
OF THE UNITED STATES
CONSTITUTION
JET Technology o
8
Subscribe Now To..
ELECTRIFYING TIMES
International Coverage of:
/ Electric Racing Events
Z New Propulsion Technology
2 Over Unity - Antigravity
V Latest Battery Technology
I2 Company Profiles
3 issues per year for only S10
- Affordable Advertising -
63600 Deschutes Rd Bend, OR 97701
(503) 388-1908 FAX (360) 693-4408
The World
A Public Information Utilicy
Software Tool & Die
1330 Веасо Street, Suite 215
Brookline, Massachusetts 02146
offico@world.std.com
617-739-0202
Authors, scientists, writers, inventors, en-
trepreneurs, consultants, economists, futu-
rists - you're invited to submit manuscripts
for consideration for publication in the
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
[Your diskette in helpful, or e-mail to mica@world.std.com/
There is NO publication with
higher information density in this field
JET Energy
Technology
Series 95 Multiring™ Calorimeters
(15 cc. 68020 chip, 3.5 mW senslttilty) |
(150 cc 68040) chip, 0.5 mW sensitivity) |
1280 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(68020 chip, 10 nano- 1o 0.55 Amper drive)
1200 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(68000 chip, I milero-la 1,13 Ampere drive)
T-NOTCH™ Nickel Reactors
5 10.5 Watt Ligut Water Systen
500 - 10.5 Kilowatt Light Water Systen
T-NOTCH™ -Tested Nickel Electrodes
ratht inpur ports|
¡moraiaul 1,3- Itesies
Spectroscopic Analysis
Integrating Multiring™ Calorimeters
T-NOTCH™ Nickel Reactors
Specimen Testing & Certification
Integral
Spectrogram™
of
Nickel
Sample
and
Control
Resistor
Written requests for information --
Please send letterhead or business card to:
JET Energy Technology
do COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
WE WANT YOUR
SUPPORT NOW
So does the field
and our fine advertisers
SUPPORT THEM
More detailed analyses are available.
Technical reports on the Patterson
device, on cold fusion, on material
and material processing.
Write the COLD FUSION TIMES
Technical Reports Dept.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1157, "chars": 7032, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FIRST HAND REPORT OF
THE ANAHEIM CETI DEMO
by Zoltan Szakaly
[Ed.: This excerpt is from a previously enthusiastic, now disenchanteted, individuai.]
OP-ED COLUMN -- WHAT'S HAPPENIN'
Winter '96 and NEWS from the INTERNET (also page 3 and 6)
and had been left on for weeks. Now I got the impression that they could
only run the experiment when I was not there to see it. They could only run
for short periods of time, in which case the heat could simply be explained
ANAHEIM, CA - I went to see the CETI cold fusion demo
by the burning of hydrogen accumulated in the electrolyte. I certainly felt
at the Anaheim Power-Gen conference... I drove to Anaheim which
glad that I was not holding CETI stock.
took me over an hour due to the traffic jams and accidents and all.
This was on Tuesday, in the morning, I was at the site about 10 am.
.. When I got to the CETI booth I found Jed Rothwell and several
ELEMENTARY REVIEW (continued from page 7)
people from CETI, inciuding Dennis Cravens. They told me very en-
In the electrolytic cell, as a result of the opposing surfaces, the
thusiastically that the reactor had been producing 1400 watts of beads are crushed together to form one of the two required electrodes
power on Monday in their hotel room. I looked at the experimental and water percolates through, thus removing the heat. The stream of
setup and saw a large pump, about 5 inches diameter, in a vertical hot water exits from the top. A platinum screen is used for the contacts
glass tube. A filter was visible besides the pump in this container.
to the microspherical array which is a distributed cathode. CETI reports
The type of pump it was could not be made out, which was a disap. to use 1 to 2 molar lithium sulfate.
Our close examination of photo-
pointment. Apparently the pump was submerged in the electrolyte. It micrographs of the beads after their use reveals significant size hetero-
may have been a peristaltic type of pump, I don't know. There was geneity, and what appears to be observations of some green areas on
an instrument which looked like a voltmeter but it had two thermo- the surfaces, other surfaces were cracked, with flaked-off layers. The
couple inputs. This showed the supposed temperature difference. green may be consistent with a chemical form of oxidized copper
There were two vertical columns, one with the famous beads, the (perhaps such as patina).
other was the control. There were four meters hooked up to show
voltage and current of the cells.
There have been several complaints about the CETI demonstra-
tions regarding recombination (to be covered in the next issue) and the
The CETI people told me that the cells were turned off, only the pump calorimetry (partially reviewed on pages 3 and 6). However, we be-
was running. The temperature gage was constantly blinking, Jed said this lieve that although flow measurement made with changes in the pres-
was because it was on some funny scanning mode. I saw temperature sure head may not reflect actual higher resistance under other
readings from about 0.5 to 4.5, constantly changing. They told me that they laboratory or test conditions, and the role of other fluid mechanical
could not turn on the cells because the control celi was clogged up. They (Bernard) instabilities may have not been mentioned or considered, the
swore that the previous day the cell was producing. 1400 watts. They would
not say how long. They said it was so hot that they had to turn on the air
conditioning in the room. When I asked them to turn on the cell they said ing cold fusion field.
they might turn it on around three in the afternoon.
My general impression
of the experimental setup was poor, The circulating liquid had large
bubbies of gas in it, about two-three inch long sections of the half inch di-
The COLD FUSION Electric Car
ameter transparent tubing. I was highly unimpressed by the thermocou-
ples. There was no way of telling why the reading kept fluctuating wildly
by Dana R. Rotegard MCFA
or what the reading meant, like centigrade or Fahrenheit or what. I could
Major work on Cold Fusion as a power source for electric cars is.
not tell what type of pump they had or what they had inside their electro-
underway in the R&D labs of several major international auto
lytic cells. The cells were covered by non-transparent insulation. I would
manufacturers led by Toyota, the sponsors of Dr. Fleischmann and
have preferred to see a clearly visible peristaltic pump; transparent cells
Pons lab near Nice, France.
The American "Big Three" of GM Ford
and clear temperature readings. There was ro way to tell what the flow
and Chrysler continue 1o fight electric car mandates in
rate was. They had a glass bottle, so they could pull off the tubing and let
Massachusetts,
New York, and California. Quite clearly the
the liquid run into the bottle for a minute, to see the flow rate. The bottle
executives of American auto companies are ignoring the example of
had non-parallel sides, it was one of those glass things that taper towards
their overseas competition and cutting edge scientific developments
the top. I did not feel that I could trust that to measure the flow rate. ..I
could not observe any heat production, but of course the cells were not on.
Insolet make internal combustion technology economically
When I asked questions I was met with distrust, the CETI people did not
This summer, a coalition of
economic füturists, environmental groups such as
seem to take to me. I left totally frustrated.
MASSPIRG, and medical lobbies such as the American Lung
Association successfully defended the electric car mandates from an
Later on my way home and at home I decided that perhaps I had
attempted rollback by Detroit. Cold fusion and breakthroughs in
better give these people a second chance, so I returned Wednesday morn-
zero point energy technology
make it possible that market forces
ing. I got to the site around 10:15 am. This second time there was one guy
from CETI there. The equipment was missing. This guy was very friendiy,
will soon end the age of fossil fuel.
and he told me that they were producing about 400
watts Tuesday afternoon. He told me that they took
the entire setup back to the Hilton so that they
could give private demos. I think it is highly un-
professional of them to rent a booth at a conference
and then not display the equipment. If the equip-
ment does not work they should not rent a booth...
We could say that this is difficult technology and it
does not always work right: I think claims that the
CETI cells have been producing heat for weeks are
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The
Scientific Aspects Of Loading
Isotopic Fuels Into Materials
© 1996 JET Technology
All rights reserved.
BROUGHT TO YOU BY THE FIRST AMENDMENT
WORLD WIDE WEB SOURCES
ON COLD FUSION
COLD FUSION TIMES' home page:
http://world.std.com/~mica/cft.html
John Logajan's home page:
http://www.skypoint.com/members/jlogajan
exaggerated. My earlier impression was that the
CET cell had been running at various conferences

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2643, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE HAS GONE BEFORE
COLD FUSION TIMES
Volume 4 Number 1
Winter 1996
© 1996
ISSN #1072-2874
performance. The new scooter, developed by Sciex Corporation of
Japan, runs on just four ordinary 12-volt car batteries. "Almost ev-
MORE REPORTS: News and Devel-
opments from California, Washing-
eryone has worked on the battery end of the problem," says its in-
ventor, Yaşunori Takahashi. "I thought: why not look at the other
ton, D.C., Illinois, Massachusetts, end - the motor?" His breakthrough in electromagnetic technology
New Mexico, Rhode Island, Texas,
Utah, China, England, France, India,
came a few years ago while he was experimenting with new mag-
Japan, Netherlands, Russia, Sri Lan- netic alloys. One of his laboratory staff misread his instructions
Ka, United Kingdom. Plus copious and added the wrong element to the mix. We Japanese often con-
material science and engineering fuse the Röman letters b and d," says Takahashi, "My techniciar
news. Much has been going on.
added neodymium (Nd) instead of niobium (Nb). The result was
extraordinary - 1 suddenly found myself in the presence of the most
powerful magnetic material I had ever seen." Takahashi subse-
"ACCIDENT" IN LAB
quently developed a manutacturing system for producing a magnet-
CREATES SUPER MOTOR
ic powder which could be formed into anything, from ultra-thin
coatings to large permanent magnets. He now claims to have pro-
As reported Sunday Times (10 December) by Tony Ewards
duced a magnet with the world's highest Megagauss Oersted rating
London, UK, Japan =- An electric scooter with a top speed of
- or MgOe, the unit in which magnetism is measured. "Before my
50 mph and a range of more than 500 miles has been developed by
discovery, 55 MgOe was the maximum anybody had achieved; but
a Japanese scientist who accidentally discovered what he claims is
my magnet can reach 120 MgOe," says Takahashi. This super-
the world's most magnetic material.
To date, most of the research
magnetic force is the secret behind the new Sciex scooter's per-
on electric vehicles has concentrated on developing super-efficient
formance. Takahashi has redesigned a conventional electric motor
batteries in an attempt to maximize their range and power-to-weight
and fitted his super-powerful "YT" magnets; resulting in highly ef-
ratio.
However, until now even the most advanced vehicles have ficient engine that will produce a claimed 15 horsepower [11* kW]
required a small battalion of such batteries to achieve a modest
from just a few amperes of electricity. (Continued on page 7)
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA USA 02181
TO:
•
