{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:50:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 925967, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119157-cold-fusion-times-summer-1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "f72b0b03363824eb3f5d9d0e0aaeb0248086e2c6f291f0afd58576fd2c0a9a42"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 559, "chars": 3959, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IN THIS ISSUE News and Developments ffom China, India, Italy, Massachusetts Monaco, Romania, Russia and Utah
COLD FUSION POLITICS...... 1,8
COLD FUSION FUNDING ..... 1
MORE INFORMATION......... 3, 8
COLD FUSION RADAR ........ 2
COLD FUSION PROGRESS..1,4
PEOPLE IN THE NEWS.
.... 3
COLD FUSION PATENTS ... 1
FOR THE WORLD...
• 3,8
TECHNOLOGY ....
1,2,4,7,8
COLD FUSION THEORIES .. 5, 8
ICCF-S CONFERENCE
COLD FUSION UPDATES... 2,3,8,9,10
MATERIALS CORNER
1,3,6,9
TOWARD THE FUTURE
2
7
Volume 3 Number 2
SUMMER 1995
© ISSN#1072-2874
COLD FUSION TIMES
FUSION FROIDE : Les Prs Pons
ENERGY FUNDING GUTTED
Et Fleischmann Ont Bien Trouvé
FIRST SHIFT IS FROM HOT FUSION
Une Nouvelle Source D'Énergie
Washington D.C. and New York -
of the United States and the field
As first reported in The New
of cold fusion.
In addition to
ICCF-5 PRESENTS > 130 PAPERS
York Times [May 22, 1995;
skirmishes for military bases, the
Monaco -
"GOP. Budget Cuts Would Fall
Committee recommendation for
The Fifth International
Hard On Civilian Science"] sci-
Basic
Energy Sciences
is
Conference on Cold
ence funding is taking a down-
$792,661,000,
a decrease of
Fusion (ICCF-5) is now.
ward turn. The Federal Science
$18,758,000 [or >2.3%] from the
history. Over 200 serious
establishment is being gutted un-
budget request of $811,419,000.
experimenters and theoreti-
der the proposed Republican bud-
[FY95 appropriation: $733.9 million.]
cians assembled in Monte
get from its current funding of
$17.5 billion. The Republicans
The most exciting news:
Carlo for ICCF-5 as they braved jet-set ..
have proposed cutting that by $7-$1,000,000-to-be provided to
accommodation rates, exquisite beaches, and
billion over five years.
fund research on the potential en-
Baywatch-class scenery -- all in an attempt to
ergy applications of sonolumines-
concentrate on the April meetings on cold fusion
With most government subsi-
cence, an effect in which highly
sponsored by IMRA EUROPE S.A. [Cedex, dies presently going to big indus-
concentrated sound waves in liq-
FRANCEJ.
• try and the military, this shift has
uids generate very short bursts of
World-class scientists got together to learn implications both for the security
light from cavitating bubbles.
more but also to work and share data.
Several
reports of the meeting are herein with a spectrum
MUCH PROGRESS IN COLD FUSION
of opinions and a review of the reviewers!
Utah and Massachusetts -
Since the announcement of the discovery of cold fusion
"'P-C" CF PATENT ISSUES
'(CF) in March 1989, laboratories in over 30 countries have
Washington D.C., Cambridge, MA. -
confirmed the CF phenomena. This investigative effort has re-
U.S. Patent number 5,411,654 has issued entitled sulted in a voluminous number of cold fusion papers; many
"Method of Maximizing Anharmonic Oscillations in published in peer-reviewed journals, presented at technical
Deuterated Alloys" [filed July 2, 1993] and based
conferences or published in technical periodicals. (Cont. page 4)
upon the latent heat and anharmonicity theories of Dr.
Keith Johnson [reported here over one year ago]. It is
particularly ironic that the patent goes to Massachu-
setts Institute of Technology where some steadfastly
denied the existence of cold fusion for over six years.
Paradoxically the patent lawyers painted the patent
application with a "politically correct brush" by
Palladium must be fully filled
with deuterons to generale the
reactions.
The
face-centered
cubic fully loaded
metallic
structure is shown on the left.
lotally
filled
with
deuterons
obtained from the heavy water on
the right hand side.
soundly omitting the words "cold fusion" [although
Brian Ahern, Keith Johnson and Townsend do cite
F&P in their patent].
All Rights Reserved,
© No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in an electronic or retrieval
system, transmitted, copied in any form or by any means including electronic, mechanicai, photocopy,
O.J. Simpson and Cold Fusion page 6

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 961, "chars": 6242, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOWARD THE FUTURE
2
produced helium at 4 to 100 times background
levels and counted 10 raised to the 7 neutrons per
Dr. Richard Oriani Addresses IT Alumni
second.
"Take CF Seriously", Advises Chemist
Skepticism and ridicule of cold fusion began
in 1989, Oriani remembered, when Stanley Pons
[The review of this address was printed in the seem to depend on the sample
and Martin Fleischmann announced their discov-
Univ. of Minnesota's Office of Technology Transfers of palladium. His third suc-
ery through publicity rather than peer review.
"Research Review." Vol. 24, No.
"They described their work so poorly it seems
[Minneapolis, MN]. We are grateful to Aaron Patula in cess came after the thirty fail-
they wanted to keep it obscure," said Oriani. His
reporting and posting it on the Internet.]
ures when he obtained a new sample of own interest in cold fusion was sparked shortly
palladium from a Japanese source. Other after that, by the work of Steven Jones at Brig-
Minnesota- Cold fusion, Richard Oriani groups have measured, in three less accurate ham Young University. Since the Pons and
told an audience of Institute of Technology experiments, energy production ranging
Fleischmann debacle, cold fusion experiments
alumni,
"is certainly worthy of study and from 5 to 15 times the energy input.
have not been adequately published, Oriani ar-
funding." There are good reasons for skep-
gued, because the journals Science and Nature
ticism, he acknowledged, but there are also
When Oriani tried to publish his
have been "caustic and abusive" toward the work.
good reasons for genuine interest. "Here is
own experiments, he said, the two jour-
99
nals replies were to the effect of "We al-
some new kind of nuclear physics, and it is
COLD FUSION RADAR
ready know cold fusion doesn't work,
too late to heap ridicule on it," he said. Oria-
and you don't understand your results.
ni, professor emeritus in the University's De-
We're not going to publish them."
partment of Chemical Engineering and
Oriani's reply: "Many things are
Materials Science, spoke at a December 7
published without full understanding,
seminar sponsored by the IT Alumni Soci-
and that's the way it should be."
ety. He wished to give his audience "an ap
Oriani's second set of reports dealt with
preciation of where cold fusion research is
observed effects that could only result from
after these five years," he said. "People have
made a lot of headway."
nuclear reactions. For example: Fritz Will et.
al., electrolyzed heavy water with cathodes
When nuclear reactions release energy, made of palladium from two different sup-
Oriani's explanation of the data began, it is
because some part of the mass involved is
pliers. (Heavy water is DO, i.e. water con-
converted to energy. För example, in one of
taining. deuterium rather than common
hydrogen. Will was director of the Utah
the reactions theoretically associated with
Cold Fusion Institute). One type of palla-
cold fusion, an atom of deuterium combines dium yieided no tritium. The other type
with an atom of tritium to yield helium, a yielded tritium at 50 times the background
free neutron, a decrease in mass of 0.0188
level, in four trials out of four. From that se-
atomic mass units (AMU), and energy at the
In this issue we salute Fusion Facts
and "Cold Fusion" for making it another
year. Infinite Energy is to be congratula-
ted for the best improvement in pictures in
a cold fusion periodical. There are at
least four (4) cold fusion periodicals now
supporting the periodic reports and com-
mentaries in Fusion Technology and oth-
er popular magazines. ICCF-S was
important and another boost in the develop-
ment of this field. In this issue are com-
"parative reviews from"Jed Rothweil, Bill
Paige, Bill Bass. We have reviewed them
all, and selected excerpts of the best.
Readers are encouraged to read the full pa-
pers in the respective magazines, and to
consider the evidence to date.
rate of 1.49 x 10 1º joules per AMU
cond type of palladium, 140 samples not
subjected to electrolysis were found to con-
(equivalent to 8.97 x 10" joules per mole).
tain no tritium.
In the five most accurate energy- mea-
Melvin Miles and Benjamin Bush, using
surement experiments, the energy output palladium and heavy water, produced helium in
ranged from 106 percent to 170 percent of concentrations ranging from 5.4 parts per million
the energy put into a palladium- deuterium to 9.7 ppm. The background concentration of he-
system. For two groups of experimenters, lium in air is 5.2 ppm.
there was a net gain of energy every time using sound to cavitate heavy water on palladium
Best factoid
Dr. Edwin
(Buzz) Aldrin
took the time be
a Guest
Observer at the
meeting
Infinite Energ:
no attribution]
they tried the experiment. Oriani's group
foil, produced helium at 10 times background
produced a net gain in two attempts, but
levels in ten trials out of ten. Y. R. Kucherov, et.
al., by means of "glow discharge" with a palla-
thirty subsequent attempts produced no ener-
dium electrode in low- pressure deuterium gas.
gy. The inconsistent results, said Oriani,
The COLD FUSION TIMES'
BEST of the ICCF-5
Publisher and Editor: Mitchell Swartz
Assistant Editor: Gayle Verner
Technical and Photographic Contributors and Consultants:
Stephen Baer, Suzanne Tribone, Julius Mariasis, Richard
Goldbaum, John Voci, and Jayne Yaffe
© 1995 JET Technology
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The Scientific Aspects Of
Loading Isoropic Fuels Into Materials
Volume 3
Number 2
Summer 1995
ISSN# 1072-2874
published quarterly o
Submissions are encouraged!
Subscriptions available.
Annual subscription rate $120.00 Single issues $40,00.
Polar end handlung starge of 15.00 per order
need a Unad Scaler.
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA USA 02181
All rights reserved.
BEST ABSTRACTS - (tied)
FUSION FACTS and "COLD FUSION"
BEST PICTURES ICCF-5 - Dr. Eugene Mallove
BEST WRITE-UP OF MEETING - Jed Rochwell
Photo Credits:
Dr. Oriani - COLD FUSION TIMES
Dr. Aldrin (anonymous, Infinite Energy)
Dr. Bass (H. Fox, Fusion Facts)
Dr. Gluck (anonymous, Infinite Energy)
Dr. Sapogin (Business Malch [Russia])
Mr. Jed Rothwell (E. Mallove, Infinite Energy)
Dr, Srinivivasan — COLD FUSION TIMES
Image Processing -- JET Technolozy

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 839, "chars": 5465, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PEOPLE IN THE NEWS
POWER PROFILE OF THE MONTH
Prof. Robert Bass (California)
-- He had the privilege of hearing the defini-
tion of a TRUE scientist from the lips of Al-
bert Einstein himself. This occurred at a 1950
sailing party at the home of Frank Aydelotte
(Director of the IAS) for the Rhodes Scholars-
elect when he was 20 years old. The Nobel
Prize winner said, "If I could give the young
men any advice, it would be: Never believe
anything just because you hear it on the radio
or see it in the newspapers or everybody else
believes it!
ALWAYS THINK
FOR
YOURSELF!!!"
Dr. Bass has reminded us that today this is
excellent advice for one who wants to be a
"true" scientist, but possibly devastatingly aw-
ful advice for anyone who is just a politician
with some scientific training, that is for one
"who is merely career-minded, including aca-
demic freeloaders". Subsequently; Dr. Bass
served three years of postdoctoral study at
Princeton under a National Medal of Science
winner, Solomon Lefschetz. While there he
worked on nonlinear mechanics, topolog-
ical dynamics including structural [robust]
stability in dynamical systems. He drifted
towards increased rates of innovation, and
by 1974 his Topolotron patent application
(issued in 1985) contained teachings of
what would eventually become several of
the biggest discoveries of fusion plasma
physics during the 1985-1995 decade. §§
ICCF-5 and the CF SKEPTICS
Dr. Robert Bass
well-established "experimentally in both Atomic
Physics and Nuclear Physics.
problem as if it were a purely local instead of a
global problem and have ignored the main theorem
I just got back from ICCF-5 at Monte
of Solid State Physics (Bloch's Theorem) which
Carlo. The James Patterson & Dennis Cravens says that a solution of Schroedinger's equation in-
cold fusion cell (using ordinary water and side a periodic lattice is irrelevant unless its loga-
nickel cathodes) was producing 3 times more rithmic derivative is periodic in space with the
energy out than in during the 4 days of the same period as the lattice! Morrison [ed. CERN's
conference. It starts up in about 10 minutes {the European hot fusion group's chief skeptic
and is reliable.
Patterson has got 3 issued against cold fusion] also ignores the massive evi-
patents because in his PTO applications he
dence that did goes to helium-4 inside palladium
lattices. Enough He-4 to account for the heat has
never mentioned 'cold fusion' and finessed the been measured repeatedly by Mel Miles at
question of energy generation. Otherwise the CLNWPS [Ed. China Lake Naval Warfare Lab]
PTO would have sat on it as they have and by Gozzi at the U of Rome! This measurement
[unconstitutionaliy!] sat on 200 other cold fu- is difficult, because the amount of helium that will
sion patent applications for the past 6 years.
be produced is less than the ambient trace-helium
Imagine the subject you love and value most, near many chemistry labs; stainless steel vesseis
and then think of an arch-enemy of that subject, must be used, etc.
who will do anything to suppress it (and in this ex-
Morrison also ignores that hundreds of
ample will be bad-mouthing it until the day that researchers (mainly in Japan, Italy, India
Cold Fusion-Powered cars are being sold by Toyo- and some independent mavericks in the
ta!), and then imagine him being able to spread his USA) have reproduced the F&P experi-
propaganda freely through the disinformation ma-
ments and that there have been peer-reviewed pa-
chine of the Establishment! The skeptic will claim
that cold fusion is impossible' because when deut- pers in archival
journals by internationally
recognized calorimetrists pointing out the numer-
erons are as close as they are in deuterium mole-
cules (or liquid deuterium) they do not fuse. This is
ous errors made in the "Big 3" negative experi-
utter incompetence. He is neglecting the períodici-
ments (MIT, Caltech, and Harwell). The reanalysis
of Harwell's results by others (to whom Harweil
ty of the deuteron lattice inside a host metallic lat-
loaned their equipment) is gradually forcing them
tice (such as palladium or titanium).
to the edge of admitting that they analyzed their re-
phenomenon of Resonant Transparency of Cou-
sults mistakenly, and they can be expected to re-
lomb Barriers is well understand in Quantum Me-
chanics (see Bohm's classic QM book) and is tract their negative report soon.
§ § (More on page 8)
JET Technology O
Summer '95
OF GREAT INTEREST
TO OUR READERS
SEE FOR THE WORLD (PAGE 8)
COLD FUSION TIMES
The dommel Of The Scient Aperu Of
Loneline lestaple Faria tres Matrials
Isy, 1072-1874
published earlerty D
3
Cold Fusion Technology
P.O. Dox 2816
Concord, NH 03302-2816
Phone: 603-228-1516
"COLD FUSION"
70 Route 202N
Peterborough NH
03458-1107
FUSION FACTS
PO Box 58639
Sall Lake City, UT
84158
CHRISTA
CORRIGAN
MCAULIFFE CENTER
100 State Street
Framingham, MA
01701-9101
FUTURE TRENDS
Minnesota CFusion Alliance
365 Summit Ave.
St. Paul, MN 55102
THE MARS
MISSION
122 Dodd St.
Weehawken NJ 07087
FUTURE TECHNOLOGY
INTELLIGENCE REPORT
PO Box 423652
San Francisco, CA
94142-3652
LAURA LEE
SHOW
PO Box 3010
Bellevue, WA
98009-3010
Techenlasy
UNTAPPED
TECHNOLOGY
IN REVIEW
PO Box 5185
Mesa, AZ 85211
Inventors'
DIGEST
Since 1885 INVENTORS DIGEST It!
been pring kentorg - fust Ika you - tr
Information they necdll! Every good Ken
deserves a thance.but itare to start?
+ bovantage of our special subscrlption ott
anno 1-800-838-8808 ...

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 802, "chars": 5796, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CATALYTIC EFFECTS IN
COLD FUSION
Peter Glück
Institute of Isotopic and
Molecular Technology
paradigm, originating in hot fusion is: "Everything happens inside
the lattice, and only in the lattice, in the whole lattice. Energy is
transferred to the lattice." The alternative paradigm, based on ca-
talysis is: "Everything happens on the surface, and/or very near to
it, and only in certain active sites. Energy is transferred to the sur-
face electrons." [1].
Cluj-Napoca, Romania - The emer-
The entire body of published data contains evidence for the
gent new class of phenomena
surface character of the CF processes (efficiency of high surface
known as cold fusion is missing a
cathodes, direct, decisive influence of some impurities, expelling of
definitive, complete, quantitative
the reaction products, non-specific effects), for the existence of re-
theory or even an explanation, like
stricted active sites (bursts, in vivo and post-mortem investigations)
other neighboring fields of solid
as well as for the dynamic stimuli for triggering and quenching of
state science as : high temperature
the processes (parameter variation ‚cavitation, pulsing, electromag-
superconductivity,
conductive
netic effects). Recent remarkable catalytic effects in cold fusion
polymers, heterogeneous catalysis, porous silicone. All these are
are addressed as the "heat after death" effect [2], the impressive ef-
developing mainly by steady accumulation of know-how. A dis-
fects of the nanometric materials with huge [3] and protected [4]
tinctive feature of cold fusion is the difficult reproduction of the ex-
surfaces and direct proof of the existence of restricted active areas
perimental
results in all the systems developed till now:
5]. Some positive, excess heat experiments have been carried out
electrochemical, ultrasonic, gas/solid. Based on a breadth-first ap-
in our Institute.
proach and on positive thinking, the problems of reproducibility are
1. P. Gluck: Fusion Technology, 24,Aug 1993, pp 122-6
regarded as an essential information/message cold fusion is an ex-
2. S. Pons, M. Fleischmann: "Heat after Death", ICCF-4, paper C2.12
treme form of catalysis, plagued by hypersensitivity. However, this
3. O. Reifenschweiler: Physics Letters A184, Jan 1994, pp 149-153.
is not the karma of CF because perfect reliability can be achieved
4. Y. Arata, Y-C. Zhang: Proc. Japan. Acad. Ser.B, 1994, pp 106-111
by adequate, rational, technical solutions. Today the dominant CF
5. K. Kamada et al: Res. Report no 281, National Institute for Fusion Science, Na-
goya, May 1994
MUCH PROGRESS IN COLD FUSION
Hal Fox, Fusion Information Center Mitchell Swartz, JET Technology
additional on-line computer-accessible information to supplement
the existing journals and newsletters in this field.
¿ KEFEKENCES *
4. M. Swartz, METANALYSIS OF THE COLD
1. M. Fleischmann, S. Pons, "Electrochemically In-
FUSION LITERATURE,
duced Nuclear Fusion of Deuterium". J. Electroanal.
(1995).
submitted to ICCF-S.
Слет, 261, 301 (1989).
S, H. Fox,
Compendium Of The World Wide Cold
2, H, Fox, Editor, FUSION FACTS, ISSN#
Nuclear Fusion Literature with
"COLD FUSION
1051-8738, Volumes 1-6.
IMPACT in the ENHANCED ENERGY AGE'.
3. M. Swartz, Editor, COLD FUSION TIMES, ISSN
Fusion Information Center, Utah, (1992).
#1072-2874, Volumes I-3.
Massachusetts, Utah =-
(continued from page 1)
Most importantly, there is a comucopia of new methods by
which nuclear reactions can be controlled in relatively novel de-
vices. Although the first reports cited the use of heavy-water elec-
trolysis with palladium cathodes and lithium salts, these methods
now include light-water electrolysis with nickel cathodes and
alkali-metal carbonate and other solutions, molten salt electrolysis
with palladium as the anode, gas-plasma discharge devices incorpo-
rating palladium target cathodes, devices using a variety of proton
conductors, hydrogen gas loaded into heated nickel reactors, and
several acoustic techniques including collapsing bubbles vicinal to
pailadium metal into which the hydrogen is injected. Yet, in spite
of the rich phenomena now replicated in a diverse number of ways,
there has remained an unprecedented reluctance on the part of
many peer-reviewed journals to publish cold fusion articles.
Fortunately, the time-rate of change of peer-reviewed publica-
tions in the field (often preselected so as to only include the peer-
reviewed papers and those which initially were unable to reproduce
the requisite difficult-to-attain conditions required for CNF) ap-
pears to be increasing" despite the obstructions to dissemination of
the scientific information. That data in now augmented by the for-
midable data base of more than 2000 papers collected by the Fu-
sion Information Center, which may be a complete collection of
the world's literature on CNF. Further supplemental information
includes the corporate entities in this developing field. To bypass
the reluctance for reasonable publication in conventional journals,
to hasten the spread in the awareness of these new scientific
theoretical and experimental results, we have suggested plans for
Annual Publication Rate
1000
Number of Papers per YEAR
100
-. CF-B
+ CF-F
_ CF-P
10
1988
1990
1992
1994
199
© JET Technology
Three DATA Sets of Published Data in Cold Fusion
The cumulative CF literature and the publication rate of the papers is
shown as a function of time from the initial announcement. The Dieter Britz
selections are labeled CNF-B. The formidable database (CNF-F) refers to the
more than 2000 scientific papers collected by the Fusion Information Center.
From these 2,142 papers, there are positive results (success) in 664 papers
(labeled CNF-P).
CF-F and CF-P demonstrate achievement in
replicating and advancing the cold fusion technology.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1124, "chars": 7596, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION THEORIES
SOLVING THE PUZZLE OF EXCESS HEAT
WITHOUT STRONG NUCLEAR RADIATION
Li, Xing Zhong Department of Physics, Tsinghua University
Beijing, CHINA - After 5 years of intensive investigation, the ex-
cess heat from the deuterium in condensed matter under ambient
conditions has been reproduced in various schemes (open system,
closed system, and closed system with no recombination). At the
same time, the nuclear measurements showed that there is no com-
mensurate neutrons, and no g-radiation; the helium and the triton
signals appear in an unconventional branch ratio. Does this anoma-
lous phenomenon conflict with our 50 year knowiedge of the nu-
clear physics? The Gamow penetration factor of the Coulomb
barrier is the first problem, and the branch ratio after the penetra-
tion of the Coulomb barrier is the second problem. The Gamow
factor was first introduced for the case of the free-particle injection,
or for the case of the free-particle emission. If the reactant particles
are both confined in the solid, and if the energy level in the lattice
potential coincides with the energy level in the nuclear interaction
well; then, the penetration factor should be q' instead of the tradi-
tional Gamow factor q' (q is a large number determined by the
ENERGY GENERATION MECHANISM
IN UNITARY QUANTUM THEORY
Lev G. Sapogin Department of Physic
thickness and the height of the
JET Technology O
5
Coulomb barrier.) Usually, the
idea of resonance penetration has been
considered not applicable, because the difference between the con-
fined particle and the free-moving particle has not been paid
enough attention to. For the free-moving particle in resonance. the
only requirement is that the energy of the incident particle has to
match with thẹ virtual 'energy level in the nuclear well. The absorp-
tion in the nuclear well might be arbitrarily strong. However, in the
case of a confined particle in resonance, not only the energy level
in the lattice well has to coincide with the energy level in the nu-
clear well, but also the imaginary parts of the potential well are lim-
ited by the boundary conditions. In reality, the absorption in the
nuclear well has to match with the penetrating flow from the source
in the lattice well, in order to keep the conservation of the current
of the probability. If the absorption is too strong (stronger than q");
then, there will be no resonance penetration. Just due to this reason,
the fast nuclear reaction channels (e.g. d+d -> 'He tn) would not
be in resonance, and the slow reaction channel (eg. did -> "He +
heat) might be in resonance. Since the resonance would enhance the
penetration rate by a factor of q, what we see in the deuterated solid
system is the slow reaction channel; i.e. excess heat and helium
without the commensurate nuclear radiation.
§§
nor in nuclear terms. Moreover, Potapov's system is now in pro-
duction and used for heating homes. There is no doubt that the de-
scribed phenomena can be viewed as "new physics" and it is
impossible to describe them within the laws of conventional science.
Moscow, Russia - It is now a well established
Below it will be shown that Unitary Quantum Theory (UQT) al-
fact that in Cold Nuclear Fusion (CNF) only lows one to explain all these seemingly unrelated effects. UQT was
ä smail portion of heat results from nuclear developed in 1970-1988 and its validity is proved by the fact that at
reactions, the rest being of a mysterious ori- a limited number of cases the theory results in both the Dirac's
gin. In this connection Prof. Peter Hagelstein equations
and the relativistic equation of Hamilton-Jacobi.
writes in [1]: "Some say that this heat can Moreover, the solution of approximate UQT equation has
be explained easily by elementary chemical yielded the electric charge value and that of the fine structure con-
reactions, phase changes,
or battery-like stant with reasonable exactness, the result being achieved for the
storage effects. I have trouble with these first time in theoretical physics [6-14]. The solution allowed to for-
explanations".
For instance, nickel electrolysis in lightwater pro- mulate one more approximate equation for the oscillating charge
duces the same amount of energy as that of palladium in heavy wa- particles model which gives promising results in dealing with the
ter. Besides, we have to consider a no less mysterious phenomenon deuterons interaction problem (the basic CNF problem) [4,15].
of sonoluminescence,
that was discovered in Russia in 1933 by
S.N.Rzhevkin. At first sight these phenomena seem to béar no cor-
REFERENCES
8. L.Sapogin." An Unitary Quantum Field Theory", An-
nales de la Fondation Louis de Broglie. 5, 4, 285 (1980)
relation. But Julian Schwinger, the Nobel Laureate and profound
research worker, has drawn parallels between cold fusion and sono- 1, 3,22. 1994
I. P.Hagelstein. "A plethoria of'miraclo'". Cold Fusion
"A Statistical Theory of Measurements in
Unitary Quantum Mechanics." Nuoro Cimento. 70B,
"Cold Fusion: Does it have a fu. I, 80 (1982).
luminescence in his continuous technical publication on both top-
ID. L.Sapogin. "A Statistical Theory of the Detector in
Unitary Quantum Mechanics." Nuovo Cimento, 71B, 3,
ics. He notes in (2]: "Like Cold Fusion, sonoluminescence "should
E.Mallove. "The hydrosonic pump: An
excess energy device?" Cold Fusion. I, 2, 26, 1994.
not exist", but it does. This now well established phenomenon Oc- 4. L.5spogin. "Deuteron interaction in unitary quantum
11. V.Boichenko, L.Sapogin. "On the Equation of the
Unitary Quantum Theory," Annales de Ia Fondation
curs when ultrasonic sound, beamed into liquid, causes bubbles to
Louis de Broglie 9, 3, 221 (1984).
oscillate stably - to expand and contract regularly -and also to emit fusion. Vol.4.Theory
One Nonlinear Equation."Nuovo Cimento. 102B, 4. 433
regular pulses of light".
But one is positively struck by the heat 5. 1. G.Sapogin.
"Deuterium interaction in unitary
generator built by Dr. Yu.S.Potapov (Kishinev, Moldavia), which
quantum theory", "On the mechanism of cold nuclear
13, L.G.Sapogin, V.A. Boichenko, "On the Charge
fusion". Cold Fusion Source Book, International Sym-
and Mass of Particles
in
Unitary
Quantum
produces in water cavitation bubbles, generating 12 kW of heat
posium on Cold Fusion and Advanced energy sources.
Theory." Nuavo Cimento. 104A, 10, 1483 (1991).
14.
Belarusian State University. Minsk, Belars, May
L,G.Sapogin.
"Clear-cut picture of micro
on 4 kW of electric energy.
This is achieved by the aid of a cen- 24-26, 1994
worlds". Technic for the young (in Russian) 1,41 (1983).
trifugal pump that runs light water thought a tube with a number of 6. L.GSapogin. Unitary Field and Quantum
Me-
15. D.Blokhintsev.
Collection of scientific method-
chanies." Investigation of systems. (in Russian, Viadi. ological works in physics. (in Russian). State University
of Moscow, 1993.
special attachments. Similar, though less effective results, have been
vostok, Academy of Science 2, 54, (1973).
7. L.Sapogin.
"On Unitary
obtained in the USA by James Griggs [3]. The reactions taking place Nuovo Cimento. 53A, 2, 251,
Quantum
Mechanics."
in the above-mentioned cases can be explained neither in chemical (1979)
The COLD FUSION TIMES needs your subscription, and support. It is the only COLD FUSION
journal which is devoted exclusively to the material, economic, and intellectual property issues of
loading isotopic fuel - a hydrogen isotope - into a material to produse useful epergy.
THE PATENT PAGE
Analysis of the Intellectual Proper-
ty Field in Cold Fusion - see page 1

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 754, "chars": 4794, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Highlights of the Fifth International
Conference on Cold Fusion (ICCF-5)
Jed Rothwell -- COLD FUSION TIMES WINNER : BEST ICCF-5 REPORT
[Mr. Rothwell has served the United States as he has translated and
reported on world-wide events in the field of cold fusion.]
Briefly, input was usually held at about 0.4 watts I*V, although
on the last day it was raised to 0.8 watts for a while. The flow rate
was 10 ml per minute. When the machine was first rolled into posi-
tion and turned on in the morning, there was no excess for 10 or 20
minutes, and the temperature Delta T fluctuated around 0.2 deg C,
indicating about 0.14 watts output. The rest was lost to known heat
Monaco - Wide-ranging positive results in both excess heat and nu-
leaks from the cell container and to the effluent gasses from elec-
clear products were reported from E-Quest, U. Milan, Osaka Na-
trolysis, which were measured in a gas flowmeter. As the reaction
tional U., Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, NTT, the Japanese National
turned on, the Delta T gradually rose to about 2 deg C, and some-
Laboratory for High Energy Physics (KEK), Los Alamos, BARC,
times rose as high as 4 deg C, indicating 20 to 40 calories per min-
Amoco Production Company, Shell Oil, Harwell and others. An
ute, or 1.4 to 2.8 watts.
electrical engineer from Bechtel Corporation gave a superb talk on
the economic and technical aspects of the commercial development
Patterson's device is described in U.S. Patents 5,036,031 and
of cold fusion energy. A live demon-
4,943,355. It is a thin film light water system. It
stration system from Clean Energy
incorporates plastic beads coated with Cu, Ni, Pd,
Technologies Inc. showed 300% to
and another layer of National Laboratories and
1000% excess energy. This is a brief
Universities.
A few months ago they had prob-
report of my impressions of the Fifth
lems with high temperatures and pressures de-
International Conference on Cold
stroying the beads and melting the plastic cell
Fusion (ICCF5), April 9-13, 1995,
containers. They designed new beads with an ex-
Monte-Carlo, Monaco. First, a word
tra outer layer of nickel, and they found new, tem-
about media: the Book Of Abstracts is
perature resistant cell materials.
about 150 pages. It is well organized
The CETI demo system is fairly predictable,
for once. Abstracts are numbered in a
well controlled, and well behaved, although it did
coherent scheme.
The first lecture
get a bit quirky in the harsh conditions of the
was the Critical Overview by Storms
ICCF5 hallway. During breaks, the hotel coffee
[I]. It was one of the best. Patterson's
pots kept tripping the circuit breakers. This sent
company, Clean Energy Technology
jolts of power through the transformer, which
(CETI), got together with Dennis Cra-
crashed the experiment. The CF reaction started
- = vens and brought.to.the conference a
Unlike the majority of the skepties,
demonstration cell in a flow calorime-
Mr. Jed Rothwell examined the evidence
up again every time, usually in about 10 minutes:
The high precision flowmeter unfortunately did
ter. It worked spectacularly well. Cravens [2] discussed it on the
not survive the beating, the batteries and power supplies in it
first day. The device output 3 to 5 times input energy, ignoring en-
burned up. Fortunately, the low precision flowmeter -- a 10 ml lab
ergy lost to electrolysis gases, and as much as 10 times input if you
supply graduated glass cylinder plus stopwatch - cannot be af-
include various factors like electrolysis gases and the heat lost from
fected by power outages and excess voltage: The experiment was
the cell container.
subjected to other abuses: the cart holding the experiment was
wheeled up to a hotel room every night, carried on elevators, and
OUR FAVORITE CARTOON OF THE "YEAR"
pushed around. Cravens even lifted the cell from its container to
show it to people while it was run-
ning! Yet in spite of this, the reac-
tion started up in the morning after
10 or 20 minutes of electrolysis, al-
though on the last day it took about
NELS
a half hour, and the power was
turned up higher than before. The
fact that the cell survived this treat-
ment at all demonstrates that this is
2010
one of the most robust and practical
electrochemical CF systems yet de-
veloped. By the last day, the batter-
ies in the differential
electronic
thermometer got weak and a minor
0.2 deg C bias appeared between
them, which could be observed by
switching the leads to the input and
output thermistors. This was not
significant,
because the Delta T
ranged from 2 to 4 deg C when the
"FIRST EARTH COLONY ON MARS TO OPEN ...COLD COLD FUSION PERFECTED....
BUT FIRST, ANOTHER UPDATE FROM THE O.d. SIMPSON TRIALI"
reaction was on, and it was less
than 0.4 deg C when there was no
excess heat.
(continued on page 9)

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 815, "chars": 5248, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ENGINEERING AND MATERIALS
VIEW TOWARD COLD FUSION
Why was there initial interest in cold fusion but not later?
Answer: In addition to energy, tritium may have had a role.
MATERIALS CORNER
This issue: TRITIUM PRODUCTION
FROM COLD FUSION
JET Technology O
"Mr. Frank Close, in his 'Too Hot To Handle' book of 1991, put
out by the Princeton University Press, has an interesting section on
pages 49-51 about the tritium stockpile of the United States.
It
In coming issues:
PROTON SEMICONDUCTORS - MORE MATERIAL INFO
HELIUM MOVEMENTS THROUGH MATERIALS
ZERO POINT ENERGIES - STANDARD ASH
seems the U.S. has on hand about 100 kilograms of Tritium stock-
piled, including what is in the fusion bombs (missiles like Poseidon
-- etc.) And 5-6 kilograms of this Tritium has to be replenished cach
ear due to the half-life of 12.3 years. If nothing is done to replenish,
protocol for activating the Ni surface and obtaining a maxi-
you have automatic nuclear disarmament going on. The existing nu-
mum rate of absorption was established.
clear reactors operated by the DOE that supplied the Tritium were
As recommended in the literature, repeated cycles of
getting old ( one of them: Savannah River Reactor) and being shut
loading/partial unloading were carried out to increase the net
down for repairs. By 1989, the search for tritium was becoming criti- absorption of H, into the wire. A maximum net loading of
cal (militarily). Then when the announcement for cold fusion came over 0.3% by weight of the nickel wire could be obtained af
out, DOE (and the military) was looking for the tritium production ter about a week of pressure/temperature cycling. At the
possibility rather than the energy production aspect baliyhooed in the
end of the loading runs, the wires were cut into 3 or 4 pieces
press. And since the cold fusion effect was aneutronic, dropped it
like a 'bomb'. They had other priorities in mind."
and dissolved separately in 5 ml of dilute HNO. After
neutralisation of excess acid, the solutions were vacuum dis-
[aki@ix.netcom.com (Akira Kawasaki) "Tritium, Cold Fusion, and
tilled prior to liquid scintillation counting for determination
the Military"25Feb1995, <3inkj9Sg6f@ixnews3.ix.netcom.com>]
of tritium content. For this, 1 ml of the distilled sample was
added to the scintillation cocktail. So far, 6 out of 9 loaded
wires have indicated generation of tritium. However, not all
the cut pieces from a given wire indicated presence of
Evidence for Tritium Generation in Self-
Heated Nickel Wires Subjected to
Hydrogen Gas Absorption/Desorption
T. Sankaranarayanan, M. Srini-
vasin, M.. Bajpai and D. Gupta
Bhabba Atomic Research Centre
Trombay, Bombay India -
A programme to study hy-
drogen gas loaded nickel
samples
was
initiated
following reports of ob-
servations of anomalous ex-
cess heat in such systems by
Focardi et al. Nickel sam-
ples were in the form of
electrically heated
wires
(0.125 mm or 0.38 mm dia x
500 mm length) coiled as a
spring. The Ni spring was
suspended inside a glass "cell" connected to a vacuum unit
and gas handling system provided with a sensitive manome-
ter for differential pressure measurements and could be
heated electrically through tungsten leads. The lower part of
the cell had an outer jacket through which coolant water
could be passed for calorimetric measurements. For outgas-
sing/deloading He gas, the wire was raised to glow hot
conditions under a vacuum of 105 cm of Hg, while for load-
ing, lolar grade H, gas at subatmospheric pressure was intro-
duced into the cell. After several trial runs, an appropriale
tritium, suggesting that tritium production is non-uniform
over the length of the wire. For example, out of 27 cut pieces
which have been dissolved and counted up to now, only 8
pieces have shown tritium in the range of 1 to 2,700 Bq. For
the lowest activity case of 1 Bq/5 ml, the count rate was ap-
prox. 10% above the background value of approx. 250
counts/10 min.
The maximum amount of tritium production, namely
2,700 Bq, was observed in one 11 cm segment of a 45 cm
long wire which displayed exceptional absorption/desorp-
tion characteristics in terms of both rate as well as quan-
tity of H, absorption (>3% of Ni wire weight).
In case of one of the cut pieces of another sample
wherein the surface layers were leached out separately prior
to dissolving the balance portion, both the solutions indicated
the presence of tritium. Blank (or control) samples cut from
M. Srinivasin
the two nickel stock spools dissolved and counted following
an identical procedure have not given any counts above
background,levels. One cut piece from a loaded nickel wire
when exposed sandwiched between two photographic films
gave weak but identical spotty auto-radiographs, in both the
upper and lower films. The present results thus corroborate
production of tritium during electrolytic loading of natural
hydrogen into nickel cathodes, first reported by us at ICCF-3
and confirmed subsequentiy at ICCF-4. Calorimetric mea-
surements carried out to date during loading/unloading
cycles with some of the wires have not revealed any anoma-
lous heat generation in excess of V*1 supplied to the nickel
wires. Various techniques of "triggering" excess heat are
presently being explored.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 738, "chars": 5194, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COMMENTS ON FUSION'S FUTURE
by Robert Bass
The politicized ex-scientists who run the
DOE fusion program have made the tragic mistake
of ignoring two options which would make hot fu-
sion power important for humanity in certain con-
texts. Their first mistake is to freeze on the
Tokamak design, which Prof. Lawrence Lidsky
characterized in the MIT-edited "Technology Re-
view" as analogous to a "project to employee 2,000
Ph.D.'s for 40 years to design the world's first
coal-fired, cast-iron biplane!". For this he was dis-
missed from his job as Associate Director of the
MIT Fusion Plasma Lab. The intellectual bank-
ruptcy of the DOE program is shown by the fact
that they cannot stabilize the plasma long enough
to go to "advanced fusion fuels." If they had real-
ly solved the stability problem they would not be
so desperate as to employ 50% Tritium, and use a
fuel cycle in which 80% of the energy is released
in the form of a neutron flux, ensuring radioactiva-
tion of surroundings & embrittlement of the con-
tainer, plus robot handling & a nightmare of other
problems.
Some wiser heads like George Miley have ad-
vocated both "advanced" (aneutronic) fuel cycles
(like boron & protons, or the correct mixture of
helium-3 (He') & deuterium), which require higher
temperatures and so a greater mastery of plasma
stabilization technology. We have advocated 're-
motely sited. pure deuterium-fueled, He breeder
reactors', namely near-unity-beta pure-deuterium-
fueled, steady-state 130 KeV.HOT fusion reactors.
in which only 20-30% of the energy released is in
the form a neutron flux, and besides power, com-
mercial quantities of He' are produced. The opti-
mal temperature for such a reactor is 130 keV, at
Which temperature there are two equilibria (one
thermally stable, the other thermally unstable!),
and at which temperature the Lawson Number is
less than half of what is stated in the literature!
The obvious proposal is to locate such a pure-
deuterium-fueled hot fusion reactor in a walled,
guarded. remote site in the desert (even though it
is quantitatively demonstrable to be 10º times less
hazardous than a fission reactor), to pacify the
frightened public, and then export both energy and
He?: Miley et al have demonstrated that one such
remote breeder can fuel five(!) equal-size [in Me-
gawatts] Satellite Reactors in the middle of cities;
but the metropolitan He/deuterium fueled hot fu-
sion Satellite Reactors would be so non-hazardous
that environmentalists would love them.
Cold Fusion Reactors will supply the bulk
of mankind's future energy needs. In the F&P
reaction (aneutronic d + d to He*) the great amount
of the energy comes from the familiar Einstein
relation E= Mc'. [As Dr. Bass stated in 1992 at the
DOE's Fusion Energy Advisory Committee meet-
ing, this Nations'] "present course of ignoring cold
fusion in the hopes that it will go away is suicidal!
There are plenty of legitimate national projects (in
national defense or in NASA's exploration of the
solar system) wherein either the potential structur-
al compactness of a hot fusion reactor or its possi-
ble high energy density (Megawatts per cubic
centimeter) will offer engineering advantages with
which cold fusion can never compete!
FOR THE WORLD
JET Technology
(MORE INFORMATION - SEE PAGE 3 TOO)
A Very Special Opportunity
Want to Learn More
About Cold Fusion?
$29.00 until September 15
Back issues-- COLD FUSION TIMES
Five (5) issues to celebrate consisting of
Vol. 3 number 1 and four back issues
("please, if outside US. +55.00S+H, and only US funds]
8
Have a story? -- report --- paper
- theory -- contribution --.
suggestion --- invention --- ad
-- or even a comment?
GET INVOLVED NOW
The Horld
A Public Information Trility
Software Tool & Die
1330 Beacon Street, Suite 215
Brookline, Massachusetts 02146
office@world.std.com
617-739-0202
Authors, scientists, writers, inventors, en-
trepreneurs, consultants, economists, futu-
rists - you're invited to submit manuscripts
for consideration for publication in the
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135 Wellesley Hills, MA 0218t
(Your diskette is helpful, or e-mail to mica@world.std.com]
There is NO publication with
higher information density in this field
JET
Technology
Series 95 Multiring™ Calorimeters
(35 cc. 68020 chip, 3.5 mW resuvily)
(+50cc. 68140 chip, 1.5 mW sensitivity)
514.995
$19,995
1280 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(68020) chip, 10 nano- to 0.55 Ampore drive) $4,799
1200 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(oRMN chip. I micto-101.13 Ampere drive) $2,299.
N-NOTCH™ Nickel Reactors
5-10,5 Walt Light Water Syxten
$17,995
50D - 10,5 Kilowatt Light Water System (write)
N-NOTCH™ -Tested Nickel Electrodes
Ipask drive condolin - 29 watte inpur pomet
(tominal 1.5- 17 etcu)
$1950
$2195
53475
Spectroscopic Analysis
Integrating Multiring™ Calorimeters
"-NOTCH Nickel Reactors
Specimen Testing & Certification •
Integra
Thermaal
Spectrogreg!"
of
Nickel
Sample
and
Control
Resistor
Written requests for information -
Please send letterhead or business card to:
JET Technology
do COLD FUSION TIMES
P.D. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
WE WANT YOUR •
SUPPORT NOW
ISo does the field
and our fine advertisers
SUPPORT THEM
E-QUEST SCIENCES

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1064, "chars": 7141, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MORE HIGHLIGHTS ON ICCE-S
WHAT'S HAPPENIN' - Summer '95
(continued from page 6 -- excerpts from
Jed Rothweil's WINNING REVIEW of ICCF-5)
electrochemical cells at room temperature." Itoh
PAGE REPORT ON ICCF-5
[12], also from Mitsubishi, reported on vacuum
[The following excerpt from runner-up Bill Page]
Griggs [7] gave a surprisingly well received chamber gas release experiments somewhat simi-
"An apparently 300% excess heat demon-
talk about his ultrasound device.
His biggest im- lar to the NT? thin film work reported at ICCF3
provement a dynamometer - a "Lebow" brand and elsewhere. Shikano [13] of NTT reported
stration was operated by Dennis Cravens
Eaton torque sensor model 1805-5K. This gives continuing progress with those experiments.
and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc.
him a second, independent method of measuring
Isagawa [14], with the Japanese National
. (CETI). The experimental apparatus, which
input. He has found that the mechanical power Laboratory for High Energy Physics (KEK), got a
was completely enclosed in a plastic dis-
from the motor closely matches the manufacturer's number of spectacular results, including three play case with panels opening to allow ac-
performance specifications. Recently, after he mo- boiling events and an "enormous" heat. burst. "Un- cess
electrolytic
dified the rotor, Griggs began experiencing prob- der constant current conditions, the cell voltage
measurement equipment. The demonstra-
lems with cavitation damage and with massive and the cell temperature were increased gradually
tion cell used light water (though heavy
plating out of copper from an unidentified source. and all of a sudden sharply increased to boiling..
water has also been tested) and a cathode
He has been working with experts from Georgia It was just during the calm period about 6 hours
Tech and NASA to resolve these difficulties. after the first boiling that the enormous heat re-
consisting
They plan to use transducers, high speed cameras lease was observed. The temperature of the cell of
dium/Nickel/Copper layers on several thou-
and other high tech tools to learn more about what
about 100 ml in volume increase by 7.5 K (from
sand smail plastic polymer beads. The
is happening inside the machine.
83.4 deg C to 90.9 deg C) in 13 minutes. The cell
beads are held in close vicinity to a resin
voltage showed a dip correspondingly. The excess ion exchange anode. The electrolyte is
Stringham and George of E-Quest [9] are heat can be estimated to be 6.8 W, about 110%
pumped at a constant rate through the cell.
getting massive helium, isotope shifts, heat and so with respect to the input electrical power....
Flow calorimetry on the circulating electro-
Last summer they ran experiments at Los Boiling occurred 3 times, the last episode continu-
lyte is used to measure the heat evolved
Alamos. E-Quest shipped samples of gas from the ing for about 16 hours, in the former period vio-
during the electrolysis. CETI encouraged
Los Alamos experiment in stainless steel collec- lent but in the prolonged later period rather
tion bottles to Rockwell's facility in Canoga Park, gentle; the cell was driven almost to dryness."
conference participants to make their own
CA. The Rockweil tests revealed definitive proof KEK has superb instrumentation so nobody can
measurements on the operating cell and
that the excess heat comes from a nuclear reac- deny the results are real and beyond chemistry.
many people seemed to attempt to do so as
tion. Experiments that did not generate excess
everyone crowded around the display dur-
heat showed 0.4 ppm helium. Experiments that
Claytor's abstract [15] reports continued
ing coffee breaks and even during the other
did generate excess heat yielded helium far above progress at Los Alamos. "we have been able to
conference sessions. McKubre observes
that background level, at levels as high as 552 demonstrate that a plasma loading method pro-
large and frequent absorption/desorption
opm, 100 times atmospheric concentratión. Rock- duces an'exciting 'and tnexpected amount of tri-
cycles after achieving loadings of above
well also looked at the ratio of 'He to "He as well tium. In contrast to electrochemical [methods],
about 0.83 (which Martin Fleischmann and
as "Ne to "He in the samples and found the isoto-
this method yields a reproducible tritium genera-
pic ratios prove the helium could not possibly tion rate".
others also noted corresponds to the endo-
thermic to exothermic absorption transi-
have come from contamination from normal ter-
REFERENCES
restrial helium. During the talk. George men-
I. E. Storms, "A Critical Overview
Micro-Fusion as Evidenced by the
tion) coincident with the observation of
tioned that an extensive SIMS analysis performed
excess heat. These absorption/desorption
by him at Lawrence Berkeley Labs showed dra-
oscillations were also noted by another
matic isotope shifts in some of the high Z trace
metals, especially titanium. It is one of the most
and the Patterson Power Cell (TM).
Structure (DS) Palladium Catho-
speaker. Peter Hagelstein has a theory that
desorption can be the mechanism which
important experiments in the field, so it deserves
4. T. K. Sankaranarayaran et at.,
istic X-Ray and Neutron
pumps the phonon-laser effects which are
wider replication and exposure.
in Self-Heated Nicket Wires Sub-
Deuterated Palladium," #312
required by his theory in order to account
for the lack of radiation products from fu-
Arata {10] described his double structured
cathode palladium black experiments in consider-
Past, Present and Future." #605
sion .. based on neutron transfer and pho-
ably more detail than his two most recent papers.
6. L. G. Sapogin, "On One of En-
dium with High Loading Ratio."
non laser effects. Peter Hagelstein's theory
ergy Generation Mechanist in 13. K. Shikano, "D2 Release Pro-
He reported "the chemical reaction energy of 0.1
Unitary Quantum Theory? un-
has the merit of having survived (and
mole Pd-black used is only 4 kJ, but more than
evolved) as "CF" research has continued.
200 MJ of excess energy was continuously pro-
Quantum Mechanics." Il Nuovo
There were 31 other theory papers pres-
duced for over 3,000 hours at an average rate of'
ented as posters, of which mine was one. "
50-100 kJ/hr [14 to 28 watts]" Arata also de-
8. I. Griggs, "Sonoluminescence,
scribed a model that he believes explains the reac-
Excess Energy and the Hydrosonic
um Discharge on Palladium and
tion, and accounts for the good performance of
palladium black in pure deuterium gas.
A number of Japanese corporations showed
up with mainstream CF results that would have
described as "spectacular" a few years ago, in-
COLD FUSION TIMES
cluding large heat bursts, boil-offs, and the like.
The Journal Of The
Iwamura [11], from Mitsubishi Heavy Industries,
Scientific Aspects Of Loading
reported X-rays, neutron emissions and possible
Isotopic Fuels Into Materials
transmutations, and concluded, "Although
@ 1995 JET Technology
cannot identify where these Pd atoms came from
(contamination or generation), we can say that
NOVA RESOURCES GROUP
anomalous nuclear reactions must occur in the
€

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1892, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
Volume 3 Number 2
Summer 1995
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE HAS GONE
MORE CF REPORTS:
From China, India, Italy, France,
Massachusetts, Monaco, Romania,
Russia and Utah and augmenting
the copious ICCF-5 news inside,
much more has been going on.
Italian scientists have continued
calorimetric and material explora-
tion in this area.
BOLOGNA, Italy (Reuter) - Italian physicists have detected what
they believe may be evidence of nuclear "cold fusion" in experi-
ments with hydrogen and nickel, the news agency AGI reported.
It quoted a member of the team, Professor Sergio Focardi of the
University of Bologna, as saying that 15 grams of nickel and one
gram of hydrogen produced 30 to 40 watts of energy, sufficient to
power a light bulb, for around three months.
AGI quoted Focardi as saying: "We have the certainty
that the system we are experimenting with produces energy
through a process that is perfectly replicable and controllable.
Measures based on controlling the external temperature of
the system prove without a shadow of doubt that energy is
emitted from this system."
Scientists have long theorized that fusion, the process that
powers the sun, could provide all the world's electricity needs
without using any fossil fuel if hamessed. Many physicists have
dismissed cold fusion -- creating the type of energy used by the
sun without extremely high temperatures -- as a delusion. Focar-
di said about 100 kilowatt hours of energy had been produced so
far in the experiments, a quantity that ruled out a chemical reac-
tion as the source of the power. 'We have observed neutrons
and gamma rays, which are fortunately few and can easily be
eliminated. The presence of this radiation is proof that nu-
clear reactions are occurring but they cannot be explained
with current knowledge of physics.'
§§
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA USA 02181
TO:
