{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:22:24Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 187169, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119192-hal-puthoff-seti-the-velocity-of-light-limitation-and-the-alcubierre.pdf", "source_sha256": "57ed82b34c70784d97d3d6c10aaf9a2a4a92003b8b812b6b7fca5af574642089"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 594, "chars": 4205, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Physics Elsaya
SETI, the Velocity-of-Light Limitation, and the Alcubierre
Warp Drive: An Integrating Overview
H.E. Puthoff
volume 9, number 1, 1996
probability of direct contact by interstellar travel is vanishingly small due to the enormou
listances involved, coupled with the velocity-of-light limitation. Alcubierre's recens "war
" the details of which provide yet further support for the concep
present or ourselves in the future, is not, as naive considerarion might hold, fundamensally
constrained by physical principles.
Key words: SETI, velocity of light, general relativistic dynamics, space-time metric,
interstellar travel, vacuum energy, Casimir effect, vacuum engineering, warp drive,
superluminal travel
SETI researchers routinely subscribe to the view that interstel-
lar travel berween civilizations is exceedingly improbable due to
the velocity-of-light limitation, with but few dissenting views
offered. (1.2) Hence there has evolved, on the one hand, the
emphasis on searches of the electromagnetic spectrum for
information-bearing signals and, on the other, the reasoned
dismissal by the scientific community of any evidence purported
to be a signature of extraterrestrial visitation. (3)
As shown recently by Alcubierre, however, rejection of the
concept of hyperfast (superluminal) travel is not justified when
one takes into account the possibility of engineered dynamic
space-times within the context of general relativity. 4) Specifi-
cally, Alcubierre showed by example that by distorting the local
space-time metric in the region of a spaceship in a certain
prescribed way, it would be possible to achieve motion faster
than the speed of light as seen by observers outside the disturbed
region, without violating the local velocity-of-light constraint
within the region.
Furthermore, the Alcubierre solution shows that the proper
acceleration along the spaceship's path would be zero and the
spaceship would suffer no time dilation, features presumably
attractive in interstellar travel. We present here a supporting
viewpoint that further explicates the Alcubierre approach as a
special case of an overarching concept of metric engineering that
can be stated in an especially compact form, fully incorporating
general relativistic dynamics.
To elaborate the metric engineering perspective, we begin
with the apparent velocity-of-light limitation. As a physical
concept this limitation is based on the fact that mass and energy
156
find mathematical expression in a form proportional to 1/[1 -
(V/C)21112
, which implies that an infinite amount of energy would
be required just to accelerate a mass to the velocity of light y =
c. A hidden assumption in the argument that this constitutes a
practical limitation with regard to interstellar travel, however, is
the idea that the value c is a fixed, immutable conscant of nature,
understood in a straightforward, natural way. It is this crucial
assumption that is called into question and redefined, however,
by the metric engineering approach.
In engineering terms the velocity of light in free space c is
given by the expression c = 1/(4o5o)W2, where in mks units
Ho = 4T x 10-7 H/m and 60 = 8.854 x 10-12 F/m, are,
respectively, the magnetic permeability and dielectric permittivity
of the vacuum. Therefore, the argument that c is fixed is, at
base, an argument that to and to are fixed and not subject to
manipulation by technological means. If, on the other hand,
these vacuum constants were subject to change such that within
a localized region the value e could be made to assume a new
value, say c' = 10c, then, without violaring the governing
equations of physics, travel at speeds greater than the conven-
tional velocity of light would be possible; it is juss that a
new restriction would apply involving the (elevated) local
velocity of light, and travel inside the local light cone would
still obtain, a point demonstrated in detail in the Alcubierre
example.
Although perhaps surprising to the nonspecialist, within the
context of general relativity and vacuum-energy physics, such
variability of the free space velocity of light c (as seen from a
distant frame) under certain conditions has long been pars of the

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 727, "chars": 5242, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
literature. For the case of propagation near a massive body, for
example, we have a reduction in the velocity of light by an
amour proportional to the gravitational potential, a result first
noted by Einstein himself, (S) For the case of propagation berween
closely spaced conducting boundaries as in discussions of the
Casimir effeci, we have an increase in the velocity of light
which is associated with the reduction of vacuum fluctuation
energy berween the plates. '® In short, as emphasized by Wesson,
the speed of light c is contexi-dependent and not as fundamental
as widely believed. "*
Such variations in c, considered in terms of its subcomponents
u and 6, aie routinely treated in a compact form that recom-
mends itself for simplicity of concept, the so-called "THep"
formalism used in comparative studies of gravitational theories.'
This approach has its foundation in the recognition that the
covariant Marwell equations in a Riemannian space with
arbitrary metric are identical in form with the usual vector
Maxwell equations for a material medium with variable c and u,
where these parameters are themselves now a function of the
metric. (*) This concept can be extended to nonmetric theories as
well, and in the THeu context goes under the name "gravitation-
ally modified Maxwell equations."! The formalism is then
completed by casting the Lagrangian for particle motion under
the influence of electromagnetic and gravitational fields into a
canonical form involving two additional metric-dependent
functions,? T and H. Such a formalism leads naturally to the
concept of metric engineering in which one's familiarity with
variable ‹-u media can act as an intuitive guide.3.(8) Although
H.E. Puthoff
under ordinary conditions effects involving variations in vacuu
values of u, &, and hence c typically are vanishingly small, they
nonetheless indicate the possibility under extraordinary condi-
tions of "vacuum engineering, " as Nobel Laureate T.D. Lee put
it. ' The Alcubierre warp drive example, which can be reframed
within the THeu context, is an especially pithy example of such,
and additional space-times with desired properties can be derived
at will within this conrext.*
Therefore, the proper conclusion to be drawn by consideration
of engineered metric/vacuum-energy effects
: is thas, wich
sufficient technological means to appear "magic" as present (to
use Arthur C. Clarke's phrase characterizing a highly advanced,
technological civilization), travel at speeds exceeding the
conventional velocity of light could occur without the violation
of fundamental physical laws. And, we might add, this could in
principle be done without recourse to concepts as extreme as
wormhole traversal. (0) (However, clearly, exotic matter/field
states, e.g., macroscopic Casimir-like negative-energy-density
vacuum states, would be required.) As a result, the possibility of
reduced-time intersteliar travel, either by advanced exira-
terrestrial civilizations at present or ourselves in the future, is
not fundamentally constrained by physical principles.
Acknowledgment
I wish io acknowledge the Fetzer Instirute, Ralamazoo,
Michigan, for partial support of this work.
Received 25 March 1995.
Dans la recherche d'intelligence extra rerrestre (SETI, Search for Euraterrestrial
Inselligence), la probabilisé de contact direct par voyage interssellaire est extrêmement mince,
compte tenu des distances énormes et de la limite imposée par la vitesse de la lumière. La
nalveté de cette hypothèse est attestée dans une analyse récente d'Alcubierre sur la
"propulsion hyperluminale" (warp drive) dans le consexte de la relativité générale. Nous '
montrons ici que le résultat d'Alcubierre, cas particulier d'une approche plus générale qui
pourrait s'appeler "génie métrique", supportant le concept de voyage interstellaire d temps
réduit, soit par des civilisations extra-terrestres présentement plus avancées que la notre, soir
par nous-mêmes dans le futur, n'est pas nécessairement exclu par les principes de physique
comme des considérations naives pourraient le supposer.
by requiring that the Lagrangian for the motion of charged
particles under the joint action of gravity and the
electromagnetic field A, be expressed in the canonical form
Endnotes
• A.P. Lightman and D.L. Lee, Phys. Rev. D 8, 364 (1973);
See also, C.M. Will, Phys. Rep. 113, 345 (1984) tor a later
overview perspective. Extensions of the Lightman and Lee
approach (point charges interacting classically with electro-
magnetic and gravitational fields) to include quantum
mechanical analysis of atomic clocks and the standard model
of fundamental (electroweak and strong) interactions are
given in, respectively, C.M. Will, Phys. Rev. D 10, 2330
(1974) and J.E. Horvath, E.A. Logiudice, C. Riveros, and
H. Vucetich, Phys. Rev. D 38, 1754 (1988).
2 In the THeu approach the functions T and H are introduced
where T and H, as well as 6 and u, are functions of the
metric, that is, of a gravicational potential U. For standard
theory of interest in this note (a metric theory), the four
functions THeu are related by 6 = p = (H/I)? Although
for ease of application in comparing a broad range oi
gravitational theories (e.g., scalar, vector, tensor, scalar-
157

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 2105, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SETI, the Velocity-of-Light Limitation, and the Alcubierre Warp Drive: An Integrating Overview
tensor, metric, and nonmetric) the required Lagrangian form
is typically met by restricting consideration to static,
spherically symmetric gravitational fields, Lightman and Lee
emphasize that the THen approach is sufficiently general
that all the results obtained can be shown to hold "even if
U is an arbitrary but time-independent function of
position."! Thus for a well-behaved standard metric type of
theory of interest here, generalization to nonsymmetric
conditions can be carried out on a case-by-case basis without
undue difficulty.
3 For a detailed and explicit discussion of the isomorphisms
between variable &-u media and general relativistic (metric)
theories, see R.H. Dicke, Rev. Mod. Phys. 29, 363 (1957).
See also as modified and corrected in R.H. Dicke, "Mach's
Principle and Equivalence, " Proceedings of the Insernational
School of Physics "Enrico Fermi" Course XX, Evidence for
Gravitational Theories, edited by C. Møller (Academic
Press, NY, 1961), p. 1.
A detailed examination of the Alcubierre warp driv
xample within the THau-type framework is in preparatio
(to be published).
References
1. T.B.H. Kuiper and M. Morris, Science 196, 616 (1977).
2. J.W. Deardorti, Q. J. R. Astron. Soc. 21, 94 (1980).
3. See, for example, F. Drake and D. Sobel, Is Anyone Out
There? The Scientific Search for Extraterrestrial Inselligence
(Delacore, NY, 1992).
4. M. Alcubierre, Class. Quantum Grav. 11, L73 (1994); see
also I.A. Crawford, Q. J. R. Astron. Soc. 36, 205 (1995).
S. A. Einstein, Ann. Phys. 35, 898 (1911).
6. K. Scharnhorst, Phys. Lett. B 236, 354 (1990).
7. P. Wesson, Space Sci. Rev. 59, 365 (1992).
8. A.M. Volkov, A.A. Izmest'ey, and G.V. Skrotskii, Sov.
Phys. JETP 32, 686 (1971).
9. T.D. Lee, Particle Physics and Introduction to Field Theory
(Harwood Academic, London, 1988), p. 826.
10. M. Morris, K. Thorne, and U. Yurtsever, Phys. Rev. Lett.
61, 1446 (1988).
H.E. Puthoff
Institute for Advanced Studies at Austin
4030 Braker Lane W., #300
Austin, Texas 78759-5329 U.S.A.
158
•
