{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T10:19:26Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1314357, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119185-teleportation-physics-study-august-2004.pdf", "source_sha256": "fe3b3fc49b6e909d1f6a2a936e1ad0fabc5c985c43aa8beaf74a968599c6da8e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 56, "chars": 389, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
DTIC Copy

AFRL-PR-ED-TR-2003-0034 AFRL-PR-ED-TR-2003-0034
“REE PAS RU NR AHEAD AEB FINO IG ME IEE RI OMEN TET SESE RTIR: RBG PEE TI: SCTE HNN

Teleportation Physics Study

August 2004

Special Report

APPROVED FOR PUBLIC RELEASE; DISTRIBUTION UNLIMITED.

ry AIR FORCE RESEARCH LABORATORY
a| , AIR FORCE MATERIEL COMMAND
iO. Za) EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE CA 93524-7048

¢ »
Pee -3 Cw
tig

wr

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 536, "chars": 3719, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1.0 INTRODUCTION
1.1 Introduction
The concept of teleportation was originally developed during the Golden Age of 20 century science
fiction literature by writers in need of a form of instantaneous disembodied transportation technology to
support the plots of their stories. Teleportation has appeared in such SciFi literature classics as Algis
Budry's Rogue Moon (Gold Medal Books, 1960), A. E. van Vogt's World of Null-A (Astounding Science
Fiction, August 1945), and George Langelaan's The Fly (Playboy Magazine, June 1957). The Playbos
Magazine short story led to a cottage industry of popular films decrying the horrors of scientific
technology that exceeded mankind's wisdom: The Fly (1958), Return of the Fly (1959), Curse of the Fly
(1965), The Fly (a 1986 remake), and The Fly II (1989). The teleportation concept has also appeared in
episodes of popular television SciFi anthology series such as The Twilight Zone and The Outer Limits.
But the most widely recognized pop-culture awareness of the teleportation concept began with the
numerous Star Trek television and theatrical movie series of the past 39 years (beginning in 1964 with the
first TV series pilot episode, The Cage), which are now an international entertainment and product
franchise that was originally spawned by the late genius television writer-producer Gene Roddenberry.
Because of Star Trek everyone in the world is familiar with the "transporter" device, which is used to
teleport personnel and material from starship to starship or from ship to planet and vice versa at the speed
of light. People or inanimate objects would be positioned on the transporter pad and become completely
disintegrated by a beam with their atoms being patterned in a computer buffer and later converted into a
beam that is directed toward the destination, and then reintegrated back into their original form (all
without error!). "Beam me up, Scotty" is a familiar automobile bumper sticker or cry of exasperation that
were popularly adopted from the series.
However, the late Dr. Robert L. Forward (2001) stated that modern hard-core SciFi literature, with
the exception of the ongoing Star Trek franchise, has abandoned using the teleportation concept because
writers believe that it has more to do with the realms of parapsychology/paranormal (a.k.a. psychic) and
imaginative fantasy than with any realm of science. Beginning in the 1980s developments in quantum
theory and general relativity physics have succeeded in pushing the envelope in exploring the reality of
teleportation.
A crescendo of scientific and popular literature appearing in the 1990s and as recently as
2003 has raised public awareness of the new technological possibilities offered by teleportation. As for
le psychic aspect of teleportation, it became known to Dr. Forward and myself, along with sever
olleagues both inside and outside of government. that anomalous teleportation has been scientifical
investigated and separately documented by the Department of Defense.
It has been recognized that extending the present research in quantum teleportation and developing
Iterative forms of teleportation physics would have a high payoff impact on communications an
ransportation technologies in the civilian and military sectors. It is the purpose of this study to explor
he physics of teleportation and delineate its characteristics and performances, and to mak
commendations for further studies in support of Air Force Advanced Concepts programs
1.2 The Definitions of Teleportation
Before proceeding, it is necessary to give a definition for each of the teleportation concepts I have
identified during the course of this study:
Approved for public release; distribution unlimited.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 199, "chars": 1440, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Teleportation - SciFi: the disembodied transport of persons or inanimate objects across space by
advanced (futuristic) technological means (adapted from Vaidman, 2001). We will call this sf-
Teleportation, which will not be considered further in this study.
• Teleportation - psychic: the conveyance of persons or inanimate objects by psychic means. We
will call this p-Teleportation.
• Teleportation - engineering the vacuum or spacetime metric: the conveyance of persons or
inanimate objects across space by altering the properties of the spacetime vacuum, or by altering
the spacetime metric (geometry). We will call this vm-Teleportation.
> Teleportation - quantum entanglement: the disembodied transport of the quantum state of a
system and its correlations across space to another system, where system refers to any single or
collective particles of matter or energy such as baryons (protons, neutrons, etc.), leptons
(electrons, etc.), photons, atoms, ions, etc. We will call this q-Teleportation.
> Teleportation - exotic: the conveyance of persons or inanimate objects by transport through extra
space dimensions or parallel universes.
We will call this e-Teleportation.
We will examine each of these in detail in the following chapters and determine whether any of the above
teleportation concepts encompass the instantaneous and or disembodied conveyance of objects through
Approved for public release; distribution unlimited.
