{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T19:29:42Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1866539, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119169-cold-fusion-times-summer-1994.pdf", "source_sha256": "2037d9389c5746db2c73ce2263758094b04b2039b8de479db9aac655168b0bc6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 743, "chars": 4829, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD
Metallic palladium (at left) is
shown fully loaded with
deuterium, an isotope of hydrogen.
Heavy water (D2O, on the right) is
the source of the isotopic fuel used
in some "cold fusion" reactions.
Notice the hydrogen lattice within
the palladium lattice.
FUSION
TIMES
ITALIAN COURT VINDICATES
DRS. PONS & FLEISCHMANN
According to the Salt Lake Tribune, cold fusion pioneer, Dr. Stanley Pons, has just won his
lawsuit that was filed against I Giorno, a Milan (Italy) newspaper. The paper reported "two negative
articles about the former University of Utah professor in November 1991".
Dr. Pons' suit in the Civil
Court of Milan was settled out of Court on May 11, 1994 "for a significant, undisclosed amount of cash for
damages", The Salt Lake Tribune reported in its May 18, 1994 edition written by Paul Rolly and Joann
Jacobsen-Wells. There remains yet another Italian court case pending involving the Italian newspaper, La
Repubblica which incorrectly labelled cold fusion
"scientific fraud".
The plaintiffs include Drs.
Fleischmann, Pons, Preparata, Bressani and Del Guidice.
(Continued on page 5)
ISSN# 1072 2874
Volume 2 Number 1
SUMMER 1994
THE JOURNAL DEVOTED TO
RELEVANT SCIENTIFIC AND
ENGINEERING RESEARCH OF
THE NEW HYDROGEN
ENERGY
Events have been moving quickly in the field of
cold fusion. COLD FUSION TIMES features articles
with material data about cold fusion phenomena.
More data
on physics. More data on science, and on helium, and on
electrode preparation, and even electrode dopants -- the
field grows.
The topic continues to expand
This issue of the COLD
FUSION TIMBS
continues to provide detailed information for our readers on
the products of cold fusion and on factors influencing
outcome of these reactions
©JET Technology
HELIUM-4 (*He) IS PRODUCED
DURING COLD FUSION REACTIONS
Mitchell Swartz
The cold fusion phenomena are quite novel not only because they
FACTORS AFFECTING
COLD FUSION
Dennis Cravens
[Ed. Dennis Cravens, the 1994 Reilly Citation Award winner
Ice co and further discussed ois noser presentin his recent present
and further discussed his observations in the recent premier
ssue of COLD FUSION (see page 4). These important excerpts are fron
his work, and are critical for any scientist or scholar in this field.]
It appears that high loading ratios of deuterium to
palladium are helpful, if not actually required, to achieve
anomalous heating events. Although the dynamic conditions
discussed below may
regions of high
deuterium ratios in the metal, by and large the most important
factor in achieving the heat is to achieve a large over-all
deuterium/palladium (D/Pd) ratio. To achieve
the large
loading ratios, steps should be taken: (a) to select host lattice
materials: (b) to prevent cracking of the host lattice; (c) to load
the cathode
in a uniform manner; and (d) to avoid
contamination.
Selecting host lattice materials The quality of the
metal host selected to contain the deuterium is important to
achieving anomalous heat. Kemember, the goal is to load
deuterium (D) into the host cathode at a rate faster than the D
can escape. This is equivalent to saying that before trying to
blow up a rubber balloon one should make sure there are no
holes in it. This means that conditions that increase the egress
of the D should be limited and conditions that increase loading
(Continued on page 2)
sun or a hot fusion reactor.
different disciplines of material physics and engineering
developed in the solid state.
Why is this fusion different? These nuclear phenomena occur as
special cases within material science, that of first-row interstitial
lattices fully loaded to 1:1 (or greater) atomic ratios within another
much heavier (e.g. palladium or certain other Group VIII or rare earth)
lattice. It may even turn out that one key to the unusual reactions are
the dissimilar nuclear weight lattices
consisting of the heavy
palladium and the very light deuterium.
involve matters of anharmonicity, periodicity, potential high loading
of the tetrahedral sites (the so-called gamma phase), and electrod
purity that make cold fusion quite complicated. (Continued on page 7
FUSION"
"COLD FUSION"
MAGAZINE LAUNCHED
New
Hampshire
- If imitation is
the
sincerest form of flattery, then the staffs of
COLD
FUSION TIMES and FUSION
FACTS must smile when they see "COLD
FUSION"
magazine making its emergence.
"COLD FUSION"
is the
offspring of
Charles Becker, the financial backer of
ENECO and Wayne Green of Byte and 73
magazine fame
We welcome
"COLD
FUSION" magazine to the forefront and
look forward
to hearing about more CF
news:The magazine is glossier than most
and effervesces
with
Editor Mallove's
Dr.
editorial touch. Although poorly received
on the nets
(page 10),
we: should pay
attention to it
as
an ABC-TV Good
Morning America
report recently did
when they gave it mention.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1266, "chars": 8017, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE OR CONTENIS
FACTORS AFFECTING COLD FUSION
continued from page 1
2
cold Fusion Heats Up
Crossword
Factors Affecting CF
Helium-4
Letter Corner
Materials Corner
News from Internet
Patent Page
People in the News
Plasnoids.
Pons Vindicated
suivey of
cold. Fusion
Towards Future.
Storns
10
Cravens
SwaItz
especially important that it have low levels of platinum (Pt) impurities. The Pd should
be visually inspected (or examined by sonic imagery) to assure that it is free from
obvious cracks,
deformations or Lutter lines. A
Verner
Lewis
electrolyte (to wet the surface) often heips in visualizing the sin de mie aire of the
I determined empirically that bubble patterns on the electrodes are often
predictors of excess heat later in the experiment. A "good" piece of metal will initially
take up deuterium very readily at low current density; few it any bubbles are seen on
Fox
Graneau
sample often exhibits surface bubbles very early in the initial
loading stages. It is sometimes disconcerting to
see marked differences from
samples cut from adjacent regions of the same wire or Iod, but that is the nature
of palladium.
It is otten possible to identify good regions of the Pd by its ability to
TOWARDS THE FUTURE
form gas bubbles
I use clear
(B&L brand
spectroscopic túbes) so that I can observe the cell's operation. If the current is
PROBLEMS OF THE FARADAY
momentarily stopped, the deuterium can be seen out-gassing. Uniform and very fine
subbles usually indicate a good piece of Pa. On the other hand, localized regions of
MODEL by Peter Graneau and Neal Graneau
arge bubbles indicate regions where there are pathways for the D to rapidly deloa
the lattice. If you observe such regions, you should try again with another piece of
[Ed. This all too brief excerpt is from "Newton versus
Pd. Subsequent microscopic _examination usually shows voids, cracks,
Einstein - How matter Interacts with Matter", an excellent
deformations in such regions. You can eventually come to recognize potentially good
text by Drs. Peter Graneau and Neal Graneau]
pieces of Pd by observing bubblé patterns. I developed a quantitative method of
pretesting to catch the bubbles in inverted tubes. This allows me to determine the
The scientifio principle which was to permit the large scale
bubble volume as a function of unit cathode length. Also, 1 can determine which Pa
goneration of eleotrio power was discovered by Michael Faraday
samples are the best to use. The "best" samples will be the last to show bubbles at
(1791-1867) in the laboratory of the Royal Institution in London.
their surface perhaps the single best way to predict a sample's future success.
Some consider him the greatest of all experimental physicists. Quite
apart from being a gifted experimenter, he took Oersted's electric
The time of onset of the bubbles is a better early predictor of a sample s
conflict outside the wire seriousiy, and with it initiated a dramatic
performance. A sample which never bubbles until it is loaded to 0.6 to 0,8 D/Pd is a
reversal of the philosophy of science from far-actions back to the
"very good sample." This indicates that the surface is not permitting recombination. I
contact actions of the middle
Son of a blacksmith,
the cathode does not bubble early in the loading process.
You are doing it right and
twenty-one-year-old bookbinder Faraday had his appetite for science
youi can use Faraday's Law to estimate loading. In an array of similar cathodes
wetted by the books he helped to produce.
It is also possible to screen samples by their volume expansion: Using a
* One day he approached the Director of the Royal Institution in micrometer, a cathode sample is first measured. Then it is electrochemically loaded
London for a job.
Sir Humphrey Davy, the noted physicist and
chemist; made him his laboratory assistant..
The Institution consisted into its beta phase (0.6‹ D/Pd ‹ 0.7).
"Good" samples do not increase their volume
of and still is today-a famous lecture theater and library devoted to
more than 10%. "Bad" samples exhibit volume changes of 15% or more.
the physical sciences, with laboratories in the basement. Fourteen
years later, in 1827, Faraday became the Director of the Institution.
Preventing cracking of the host lattice Care must also be taken to prevent
He discovered electromagnetic induction in 1831. He found an
cracking of the metal host lattice after you have selected a good piece of Pd. A larger
electromotive force, or voltage, could be induced in a wire when a
piece re quires greater care in loading and handling. The reason is that the Pd lattice
current-carrying circuit was moved past the wire, or when the current.
expands as it loads. The loading is analogous to heating a piece of glass. Large pieces
in a nearby stationary circuit changed with time.
cannot withstand rapid expansions without cracking.
However, smaller pieces can
drove a current around a circuit it seemed natural that the driving
more easily withstand abrupt expansions. Thus, it is best to siowly load. the Po to
voltage was propagated in the wire by contact action.
avoid internal stresses which would result in increasing the D pathways out of the Pa.
current was driven by an induced voltage, caused by à separate
If cracks do develop, it is best to remelt and recast the Pd and start again.
circuit, it looked rather like action at a distance.
It is very rare for Pd once it is cracked ever to be successful in demonstrating
The far-action treatment of electromagnetic induction was tasen up by the anomalous heat. The cracking difficulty can also be overcome by use of alloys
formulated
(such as 20% Ag in Pd, 5% Re or Rh in Pd, 5% V and Si in Ii, etc. The 10-25%
non-mathematical physicist, Faraday did not attempt to stipulate the law
silver alloy of Pd resists cracking on deuterium absorption. However, it does lengthen
of electromagnetic induction in mathematical terms.
the loading time due to decreasing the D diffusion rates.
intuitive way of reasoning.
In his mind he saw a picture of imaginary
lines of force linking the circuit, which caused the induction, to the circuit
Adding Li can shorten loading times.
which experienced the induction.
Though difficult to form and costly,
contact between the two circuits." It eliminated the need for far-actions
Pd alloy seems to be best suited for achieving
and the mathematics which accompanied the action at a distance forces.
anomalous excess heat. Another tactic is to plate Po
Whenever induction occured, the number of lines linking the two circuits
vas changing.
(continued on page 4)
on Ag or another substrate such as Ni or Cu.
advantages are two-foid. First,
preformed to partially form Pd D. This avoids
cracking that results from expansions during rapid
Because of rE
y developing tochnologics in cold fusion research, the
COLD FUSION TIMES romains available for home or office delivery.
COLD FUSION TIMES brines up-to-dale, rolovant information to Its
readers, and an open forum for all viewe on cold fusion.
The COLD FUSION TIMES ia nol responsible for the comments of ile
by the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution,
Questions, connenis, siggestions, and contributors are welcome
For subecription infomation soe page 7 1-...-
For editorial infonnation e-mail Intemel: mica @worki.std.cotr
or write COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hille, MA 02181
©JET Technology
COLD
FUSION
TIMES
is a trademark of JET Technology
conductivity. (I recommend that the plating be done
in an ammoniated solution and the film formed
should be, at least 5 to
Pre-annealing. (heating) and gas loading at elevated
temperature seem to decrease the tendency of the
lattice to crack: I often beat the Pd in a quartz tube.
The tube and Pd is heated (in air) until just below
the softening point (estimated 800-900°C). The idea
is to reduce the internal stress of the Pd metal lattice
by the annealing. After about two hours, the tube is
brought to one atmosphere of pressure of Dz gas to
help partially load the Pd lattice.
Continued on Page 5

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1210, "chars": 8259, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PEOPLE IN THE NEWS
POWER PROFILE OF THE MONTH - Hal Fox
COLD FUSION
TIMES
A challenge to the cold fusion skeptics:
Facts,
the first publication devoted to cold fusion, he has marathoned around the world
touching base with scientists, businesspeople, engineers, academicians, and others in hopes of
by Hal Fox
expanding research and helping negotiate the acquisition of patent applications.
If Dra Stanley Pons and Martin Fleischmann should be criticized, it would be
educational background in engineering, computer science, and business, he said he knew a
for not stressing the ditticulty ol designing and opcrating a successful cold fusion
good thing when he saw it.
electrochemical cell. Almost none of the criticism poured out on Pons and
Fleischmann came from their peers, the world's foremost electrochemists. For
"Because cold fusion was such an interesting area of science, it was exciting to know that
example, Dr. John O 'M Bockris, a world renowned electrochemist, was one of
these nuclear reactions can be controlled in such a modest environment;" said Fox racently
the fist to replicate the effect. Dr. Edmund Storms also achieved early successes.
from his office at Fusion Information Center in Salt Lake City, Utah where he is President
Operating on the assumption that if there ivere a nuclear icaction it had to be the
tand CEO.
•His goal? Rounding up all the inventions in the field under one roof thereby
fusion of deuterium deuterium, the hot plasma physicists leaped to the conclusion
smoothing the way for implementation and reducing the number of legal battles that may
that fusion in a metal lattice must produce the same results as d-d fusion in high
ensue: After five years of globetrotting from such destinations as Russia and Jopan,
Hal has
temperature deuterium plasma.
continued to disseminate data in cold fusion to a point where every scientist and non-scientist
Because most of the hot fusion physicists had inmediate access to neutron
alike can now read the facts, debate and learn from each other.
measuring equipment, many of them hurriedly put together experiments, operaied
for a few hours, found no neutron emission, and then began labeling Pons and
. As co-chair of the International Symposium on Cold Fusion and Adyanced Energy
Fleischmann poor experimenters: (at best), and frauds (at worst). Most of such
Sources Minsk, Belarus (co-sponsored by the Belaris State University) which took place May neglecied.
carly negative papers indicate that the authors, study of electrochemistry had been
24-26, he has brought together top researchers
from around the world.Of the approximately
Electrochemists, who served as consultants, had a dept of bowlodgo of this
new procedure apparently gathered from little more than IV news footage.
120 people who attended, there were about 50
Obviously, what took Pons and Fleischmann several years of work was not
presenters who moved this field ahead yet!
replicated in a few days by those unskilled in the art. Frightened by the concept
again. The "Cold Fusion Source Book" which!
* that two chemists could produce "excess power" in à relatively simple table-top
is about to be published with Fox's guidance,
experiment, some of the hot fusioneers (who have yet to achieve excess pover
will include selected papers in this field
with hot fusion devices) began an unprecedented, and vocal, attack on cold fusion
in general, and Pons and Fleischmann in particular, an attack still waged by a few
Armed with a B.S. in physics and math
from the University of Utah in 1951, Hal Fox
served in the Air Force from 1951-1959 during
which time he studied meteorology (at UCLA).
Later, he joined the Hughes Aircraft Company
a missile
systems engineer
ultimately
directing University of Utah (at Research Park)
research in fluid dynamics. But it wasn't until!
he carned his M.B.A. from Utah and later his
Ph.D. in Computer Science that he became a
computer
"expert" and began a new company!
called C.A.I. (Computer Aided Instruction), a
software group that primarily made computer
'programs
for authors. He
believes
that
programs can be designed for cold fusion as
well When the "announcement" was made in 1989,
he said he couldn't sleep wondering about
all the possibilities that could emerge espécially in the computer realm. And he began
accumulating increasing amounts of cold fusion research. *"
confirmed skeptics-two of whom attended the Fourth International Confereice on
Cold Fusion (Maui, Hawaii, December 1993).
The laughable part about this on-going skinnish is that the "pathological
'sheptics: are still denouncing the heavy-water., palladium, lithrum system that
Pons and Fleischmann announced March 23,
1 989. Many other scientists,
recognizing a good thing when they learn about it, have forged ahead with their
own ideas about other ways in which nuclear reactions can be produced and
controlled in other types of devices.
"The cleanese and availabilty of cold
fusion is what indigued me the molet
thoroughly schooled
the
of ouir environment
I felt
cold
fusion was an answer to our environmental
problems.'
Fal Fox
Hero is the latest scoreboard of devices that produce nuclear reactions (and nuclear
byproducts including beat);
L Molten salausing potania, sodium, and lithium intre and a pala dim eloctrode. (Law and
Lieben, University of Hawaii, 1 990, Fusion Technology Jarriary 1993.)
f: 2. Denieralized water (light woter), nickel cathodor, and, for example, potuitium carbounto
electrolyto. (Randall Mills, 1 989-90, Fusion Technology August 199 1, Bush and Eagletoc, Cal Poly
- Pomons, 1.991, Fusion Technology Septeraber 1 992.);
: 3. Glow Diecharge (low pressio), palladfur calbodö, deuterium gas syster.
(Kicheror, Karbut, & Savvtizova, LUCH, Russia, 1990-94, Fosion, Testinology Deçember 1992)
4. Sperking dischergon uning deuterium gas and palladima cathodca (Dufour, Frenos, I
989-90-93, Fusion Technology Septerber 1 993.)
5. Capillery cold furica, (Work funded rad, reportod by J.P. Vigies, 1990-93, in fornes
"If I was going to gather data I might as well publish it," said Fox.. That's when Fusion
Facts began.
Later I got involyed with business development got some people together, and
founded Fusion Resources which later became F.E.A.T. (Future Energy Applied Technology).
They eventually merged and ENBCO was founded.
Now semi-retired from this last venture; Fox is Editor-in-Chief of Fusion Facts. His book
"COLD FUSION IMPACT" is published in four languages.
- Gayle Verner
Czechoslovakia, Physics Letters A.)
6. Bronzo oryali, sodium tunguate crystale which form tiny tabula (Kalter, Barboshki. :
Saragin, et al, 1992-93, Ekaterinbirg, Russia, ICCF-3.)
7. Proto Conductora (Mizuna, Enyo, Alioto, & Azurai, Hokkaido Univ, Japan, 1993, ICCF-4.)
[Ed.. Hal Fox is a dean of this field in the Uniled Stales, and wo are pleased to in this exocrpt
From his article in COLD FUSION (v. 1, д. 1)]
3
COLD FUSION CROSSWORD #1--
by Jorel Robertz
Answer next issue, The first reader to send
(determined by date of receipt) the correct answer receives a
COLD FUSION TIMES subscription.
ACROSS
5. A useful commodity.
1. Scientist vindicated in Italy from
6. A cold fusion company.
an unwarranted attack,
10. Energy from nickel electrodes
3. What the Zeeman effect does to
systems may scale as this.
optical spectroscopy lines.
Il. A previous US agency
4. The final impact of cold fusion
controlling energy.
upon its skeptics.
12. Type of energy transfer from
7. Moving deuteron quanta in
alpha particles (abbrev.)
palladium.
"high-
8. Not an AND.
14: The source of deuterium in a
9. Located between crystalline
Mizuno-type system.
15. What one can keep a hot fusion
15. A type of radiation emitted
from active cold fusion electrodes.
plasma in.
16. The lattice structure of niobium.
19 An electrode changes this upon
17. All active electrodes may all be
loading with deuterium.
found to be in one of these;:
20. He studied photon scattering.
18. First two letters of element
"St".
•DOWN
1. It can be to loaded into
balladium
2. Lab which continued cold fusior
research (abbrev.).
3. A massive hot fusion laboratory.
Decision of the judges is fmal Offer is
void where such offers, crossword
puzzles, or knowledge of cold fusion is
prohibited or illegal.
©JET Technology

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1640, "chars": 10513, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION THEORIES
This issue continues this column on theories of cold fusion.
Edward H. Lewis
is a
Chicago, IL scientist
technical writing
superconductivity
experience.
He is developing theories involving anomalous physics
phenomena
and his hypothesis that anomalous phenomena are produced as sets at
approximately 80 year intervals.
Part 2 PLASMOIDS AND COLD FUSION by Edward Lewis
It seems that much CF phenomena is plasmoid phenomena.
¿seems:
that, suchance i consig to plasmolds, perphone may demily
¡substance as plasmoid phenomena also., It this is so; then substance may
*behave quite differently than people have thought. Plasmoids convert to light
and electricity, and so it seems that light and electricity converts to plasmoids.
Plasmoids clump and divide and dissipate, and so maybe substance does also
and so new elements and molecules are produced.
In addition to substantial
* evidence that substance seems to behave this way, there is another reason to
suspect that substance may be identitied as plasmoid phenomena.
It is that
there is sübstantial'evidence that galaxies are plasmoid phenomena, and if this
his" so then one would expect that the things in it that people have called
substance and particles and atoms are plasmoid phenomena as well. These two
reasons, if accurate, séem to be sufficient. Some evidence that substánce and
therefore cold fusion is plasmoid phenomena is that people have experienced
plasmoid phenomena during electrolysis
and discharge,
and that the round
holes and tunnels and grain shaped holes that people have found in their
electrodes are evidence that substance converted to plasmoids and light and
electricity, and that all or almost all the kinds of anomalous traces that
Matsumoto has shown seem to be plasmoid phenomena.
Based on the phenomena that Matsumoto produced, the pictures of tiny,
bright, and stationary BL and corona-like phenomena (see Fig.
9. of Ref. 7) he
has shown,
the visible BL-like phenomena (8) that exploded that he reports,
the sparks that he observed (9) that left traces like those produced before during
electrolysis and discharge, the pictures and descriptions of electrodes, and the
traces, one may categorize CF phenomena as plasmords. Important evidence is
the round holes and the trails on and in emulsions (see Fig. 4à, trace "D" of Ref.
10 (I am not sure it is a hole, but I suspect it is a boring.) and Fig. Ta of Ref.
11) and electrodes (see Fig. 8 and Fig. 10 of Ref. 7) that Matsumoto produced
by
discharging and electrolysis; the round holes in electrodes that Liav
produced,
he holes in electrodes that others produced
the empty areas in
electrodes that are shaped liked grains that Matsumoto (12), Numata et al. (13)
..and Silver et al (14) produced and the half empty grains that Matsumoto
produced, and the holes and tunnels and trails on and in electiodes that Silver ef
al produced: These turnels, round holes, and trail-like marks are similar to
those that are produced by ball lightning phenomena, though ball lightning are
associated. with bigger effects.
These tunnels, holes, and trail-like marks are
also similar to those produced by the EV phenomena that" K.
Shoulders
produced (see. Ref, 6 of Part 1 of the article). Silver and his co-authors
published their paper (14) in the December,: 1993 issue of FUSION
*TECHNOLOGY,
and they have reproduced the tunnels,
round and
grain
shaped holes, and trail-like markings in metals that Matsumoto produced.
These tunnels, holes, and trail-marks are evidence of the conversion and change
of materials.
Matsumoto may also have shown a picture of a plasmoid or a plasmoid
precursor; or maybe it was a plasmoid (see Fig.
8'
of Ref. 11).
There is
something that seems to be round or spherical and in a round cavity of an
electrode.
It is about 180 micrometers in diameter.
Important evidence that both ČF phenomena and substance in general are
plasmoid phenomena is Yukimura and Matsumoto's expérience
of the
production of electricity by apparatus (15). Also,
Ohtsuki and Ofuruton, by
using microwave radiation, produced a plasmoid (16) which continued to burn
outside their apparatus even though the generator was turned off.
They could
not explain why it would do this. It had burned a hole though aluminum 1o1,
and it seems to me that the plasmoid continued to exist because the alumınum
had converted to be part of the plasmold.
I suspect that the round holes in
electrodes and emulsions that Matsumoto produced and the round holes and
tunnels (see Fig. 8 of Ref. 14) tat Silver produced are duc to the boring 4)
BL-like phenomena, and that the grain-shaped holes see Fig. Za of Ret.
that they produced is evidence of the conversion of the grain to light or
electricity or of the production of plasmoids.
Plasmoids may also travel through materials without boring and even
without apparent effect sometimes, even if the plasmoids are very big:
The
plasmoids that Matsumoto has produced did this. Some of them traveled
through the glass of the containers, the water, and the air, and this is major
"evidence to support my deductions. Matsumoto has also shown pictures of
sectioned electrodes with what seem to me to be trail-like tracks (see the left
side of the electrode shown in Fig 13ä of Ref. 12), as if tiny BL-Tike
phenomena traveled inside and left tracks. These marks do not 'seem to be due
to the disappearance of the material of the electrode, but they may be due to a
chemical change,
like that which seems to have occurred around the empty
grains that Numata et al produced (13).
7) T. Matsumoto, "Experiments of One-Point Cold Fusion," FUSION TECHNOLOGY, 24,
*****
7: Traces
Nuclear
SEARCHING THE ENERGY OF
OF WATER,
Jap T: Mardum993, Cold Fusion Experiments by Using Electrical Discharge in
¡viatsumoto,
distributed at the ICCF4
Water yukimura and T. Matsumoto,
Radiations
Cats more Die leblite Traces or Nudier Emultions Duing
Fo, Moon Dion of Paladium Used for Cold Fusion,
Microscopic Observation of Palladium
Continued further -
(continued from page 2)
FARADAY'S PROBLEM - Graneau and Graneau
change in the number of lines of force, per second, linking the two circuits.
ange in the nural er of lines of form todd olge te to mid ne
the lines of force could not be seen nor counted, Faraday's rule of electromagnetic
induction remained a qualitative law.
Even if we make up
some rules for
calculating the number of lines of force which link two circuits together, Faradzy's
model bas a serious shortcoming.
When the second wire, in which the vollage is induced, is not a closed circuit, the
number of lines which link the two conductors becomes indeterminate and makes
the calculation of the induced voltage impossible. We know, and can demonstrate,
that vollages are induced in open circuits. A good theory of induction should be
able to specify them. A full quantitative explanation of electromagnetic induction
had to wait till 1845, fourteen years after Faraday's discovery. This explanation Tes
Franz Frost Neumann (1798-1895), a professor of physics at the
Proversity of Kanigabong an East Prussia. He was the frost of a breed of ply sicke
who devoted most of their time to theory. Neumann did not adopt Faraday's lines of
force and the associated contact action philosophy.
He remained faithful to distant
actions,
His research on induction
was the
logical: continuation of Ampere's
investigation of clectodynamics. It was O'Rahilly who referred to the combined
theory as the Ampere-Neumann electrodynamics.
This theory was taught and used
primarily in Germany and France,
The key memoirs of the frst electrodynamic
theory were not translated into English.
This is the reason why it remained
unknown outside of continental Europe.
The Ampere-Neumann electrodyaamics
had its heyday in the second half of the ninetoenth century. Maxwell was a keen
student of it and then made it obsoleto.
It was durng this period when the clectric power industry was born. The major
components of electric power systems-generators, motors,
lighting
cquipincht
trarisformers, and transmission lines were developed in conjunction with the old
electrodynamics, It would be wrong to suggest that the theory paced the evolution
of electrotechnology. It was rather the other way around. The theoreticians tried
hard to keep up with trial-and error advances and inventions.
Neuntann's law of
electromagnetic
induction dealt with forces
OD
the electric
fluid in metallic
conductors. It differed from the ponderomotive force laws. Yet there were also
common aspects.
For example, Neumann's law applied to two matter entities, and specifically to
two wire elements.
In the last resort, as in the case of Ampere's law, the wite
elements had to be conductor atoms, but the atomic theory of matter was still to
come.
Neumann's law of induction was also a simultaneous far-action
law.
However the electromotive force was not applied to the matter element, of the
interacting pair of elements, but to the electric fluid inside it. The ponderomotive
force laws described two-way actions. Both elements of matter were the cause of an
effect in the other. Neumann's law of induction was a one-way law. One matter
element, which had to carry electric current, was the cause of the electromotive
force induced in the other element. The second element did not have to carry
current, and therefore it could not react back on the fist element. The electric fluid
was not matter and forces on it, measured in volts, did not bave to obey Newton's
third law of equal and opposite reaction forces.
Another important difference
between the law
of induction
and the
ponderomotive forco laws was that induction always involved "time," whereas the
ponderomotive force laws did not contain the quantity kaown as time. For example,
the induced electromotive force was proportional to the relative velocity between
two conductor clements, and velocity stands for the distance covered per unit time.
The induced voltage was also proportional to the time rate of change of the inducing
current.
Perhaps Neumann's most striking discovery was that the strength of
induction does not fall off with the inverse square of the distance between the two
conductor elements. The induced voltago decreased in proportion to tho inverso
distance. By doubling the distance between the interacting clements, the Ampere
interaction is reduced to one-quarter, while Neumann's induction is roducer to
one-half. Tho practical consequence of this is that induction reaches much further
than the Ampere force.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1173, "chars": 7298, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
COLD FUSION TIMES
COLD
FUSION -- A Few Comments
FACTORS AFFECTING COLD FUSION
Dr. E. Mallove, Sc.D., Editor "COLD FUSION"
Cravens (continued from page 2)
[Dr. Erigene Mallove, cold fusion historian and scientist, has recently made
some thoughtful recent comments ["COLD FUSION", May 1994 issue,
As a sample is annealed, impurities such as Pt, Cd, etc. can migrate
vol 1 number 1 issue!
"to the surface So if you anneal,
be sure to grind and polish the surface to:
remove impurities after the annealing. Otherwise, the sample will not properly.
take up deuterium: This is because Pt, clor example, catalyzes hydrogen
"Cold, fusion has now reached a critical stage in which
recombination with oxygen. The deuterium will simply recombine at the surtace
improved communications will play a key role. The field'is in ferment
and bubbles will be observed early in the loading process.
and expanding explosively. In one of history's classic ironies the
required, but if you do it you must always follow it with polishing and surface
1980 announcement of excess energy trom
water" in a relatively
preparation.
simple table-top experiment possibly by a herefofore unknowniform
Loading the cathode uniformly The shape and surface texture of the
"of nuclear energy-occurred less than '12 hours before the Exxon
cathode is also important. The cathode should be shaped to avoid sharp or jagged
corners. Such points do not allow proper loading to be achieved. I find slightly better
Valdez caused a massive oil spill into the waters off the coast of
Alaska.
success with cylindrical shapes with rounded bottoms or nariow plates with rounded
corners. The idea is to remember to minimize electrical field (E-field) gradients across
the surtace of the host lattice, Such variations could lead to unequal loading. The L
There was an initial media hoopla over the cold fusion
story, but the press then lost interest as it became more difficult to
discern the truth amid claims and counter-claims of angry chemists
and physicists. With few exceptions, journalists bought the notion that
: cold fusion was nothing but hot air. "Pathological science" became the
common insult, as few noticed that pathological skepticism about a
new phenomenon was the real problem. Contrary to the media's
perception, cold fusion never died and was certainly never disproved;
Nit simply went underground as groups of courageous scientists in over
vija dozen countries mounted a concerted effort to understand and
reproduce the mysterious phenomenon. Thanks to their hard work; it
has survived."
would tend. to diffuse through the Pd and then escape from the lattice from areas with
the least surface E-feld directed to accelerate the positive deuterium ions into the
lattice.
Rough surfaces also tend to limit the loading. In my view, this is one of the
greatest sources of confusion in understanding variations in success with different
samples. Deep: grooves or valleys normally are the regions with the least surface
electrical potential (the smallest absolute value of surface potential). I polish the Pd to
avoid such difficulties. This is done by first polishing on a buffer wheel. The purpose
is to round any burrs, rough areas or sharp corners. The Pd is then tinely polished with
a series of finer aluminum oxide powders and fmally with cerium
oxide (Aldrich,
optical grade) on a cotton cloth. Rough surfaces on the anode should also be avoided.
Buris and points seem to be sites of oxidation and corrosion (this has been seen with
nickel anodes): I sometimes use an entire
"spiral loop" as an anode with both ends
utside of the cell. If you have a free end, you may wish to place it it
rooprevent on to point when the calls on
extended times: The best results seem to come with Pranodes; but if vou use Ni it
should be oxidized first (by flame heating or with hydrogen peroxide solution).
It is important that the initial loading of the Pa be done slowly and carefully
The object is to use a low current density (with respect to the cathode surface areas
30-60 mA/ cm-) so that there will not be unequal expansion and the development of
large internal stresses. 'Do not be tempted to raise the current above 100 mAlem? until
the D/Pd ratio within the lattice is atleast above 06-0.7. If you use electrical pulsing
techniques, do not raise the peak current levels above the 100-200 ma/cm2 region until
the Pdis loaded to at least D/Pa @ O.65. You can calculate the amp-seconds needed to
load the lattice to 0.7 or better: I prefer to load un til much longer, or about 150
amp-hours have passed for each cubic centimeter of Pd (with at least one dimension of
the Pd less than 1 mm). Be patient! It is better to spend too much time in the initial
loading stage than too little. Any sudden application of large currents before the
cathode reaches the beta phase is likely to crack the host lattice. This could lead to
*- rendering the Pa useless until it is recast.
In some early work, 1 was unable to
observe anomalous heat because of rapid initial loading and then using the cracked and
stressed Pd over and over again.
A series of experiments were conducted to see the effect of, vurious initial
loading rates on the percent excess power produced (all compared wuen running at
0 C and 500 mArcme the cathodes that were slowly loaded out-performed thos
E-QUESTSCIENCES
SCIENCE IN PURSUIT OF AFFORDABLE CLEAN ENERGY
PO Box 60642, Palo Alto, CA: 94306
Fax (415) 851 - 8489
E-mail 70312315 @ compuserve.com
hat were initially loaded at a high current density, It should be noted that the rapidi
loaded wires had a greater volume expansion.
Additives It would seem that one role of the additives that have often been
used in cold fusion experiments is to increase the so-called over-potential and the
internal fugacity within the lattice and to select certain electrochemical pathways. Do
not add
'poisons" or other additives (Al, thiourea, Si, B, Mo) until you are loaded
above 0.6-0.7 D/Pd. This could cause a creeping or spreading of any pre-existing
cracks or voids.
The expansion of the lattice on absorbing the D may heip to seal such voids.
Thus, the goal is to first load slowly to allow the lattice'to
"heal any deformations.
Materials Which can increase the internall fugacity should be added after most
deformations are self corrected. A really good host lattice will not swell more than
about 10% excess volume on loading, The shape of the anode can also afiect thr
résults: The anode should have the proper geometry to load the metal host uniformly
OLOFUSION
ИРАСТІ
In a spiral-wound Pt anode, use enough turns to supply a uniform E-field at the
cathode: This is similar to trying to increase the internal pressure of a balloon; a few
Cold Fusion Impact
by Hal Fox, Ed. Fusion Facts
(see Page 10)
points of pressure do not suffice, It takes uniform pressure from all sides.
generation. lein the anode and te fle roye y uning it ca Separate system bit
a dummy electrode, This removes any reactive species and most impurities from the
platinum and plates them onto a dummy cathode. It also removes some impurities that
may be in the electrolyte. The dummy cathode is then removed and with it any such
impurities. If Ni is used as an anode, it should first be oxidized to render its surface
passive.
Continued on page 8

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1051, "chars": 6766, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE PATENT PAGE -
COLD FUSION TIMES
Analysis of the Intellectual Property Field in Thoughts about ICCF-4 and COLD FUSION
Cold Fusion
by Dr. Robert A. Huggins
Normally, NEWS from the INTERNET is only on the penultimate
page of the COLD FUSION TIMES.
However, for this issue, a comment
"Except for a few ill-considered, and rather personal critical
moving across the transom is appropriate. Paul Koloc wrote the following :
remarks by one of the attendees, the conference's tenor was quite normal
for an area of newly emerging science that has possible technological
.. (Ludwig "Plutonium) writes: ›
"...
Because now the PAF has all
overtones. Earlier resulte in a number of areas were reinforced by more
intellectual
property
rights
SPONTANEOUS:
NEUTRON
' MATERIALIZATION DEVICES plus in an indirect way as the outline of the
thorough
and quantitative experimenta... work,
and the
critical
i physics of the art of SNMD, all rights to the correct theory of superconductivity:
¡Parameters that are responsible for several of the earlier problems have
A Thanks due to Mr. Behrend and the USA patent office that IP and PAF will not a now been
established. The spectrum of experimental methods and
be "nailed to the cross ofjust 17 piddle paddle years"
observations has also been extended considerably. Nevertheless, there
Harvey Behrend may lave had his name officially used to make
are tilla number of major unrecoived questions relating to the reasons.
for some of the important oxperimental observatione
patents relating to nuclear energy appear as ordinary patents, but, indeed, unlike
other patents, there is a bit more afoot then this poor well vilized examiner will
usually admit to. It is the DoE that actually determines the teohnical merit
the theoretical basis underlying the now well etabished
of nuclear related patents and got the patent office, although the patent
experimental documentation that nuclear processes can take place in
office can still impose the rules of form and procedure. Those queries from
solids under conditions that are far removed from those typical of hot
Behrend are just a pass through from the DoE examiners, who are quite ignorant
pläsmas is still far from mature. One of the complicating features is that
of the legal basis of patent law, unfortunately.
Patents filed this year would
the reactions expected from hot plasma experience are not found, and
normal issue in a year or two, but those that make DoE nervous can take as long
as eighteen years
All the better for the inventor. Such practices tend to get
that different processes evidently dominate"
beaten back by the Court of Appeals; as time goes on. For example, to prevent
any and all fusion patents from issuing, they claimed that since no fusion reactor
existed no one could be sure what they were, so they couldn't be patented!!!
[brief excerpt of Dr. Huggins' ICCE-4 review in "COLD FUSION", May 1994
issue, vol 1 number 1]
What dum-dums! The C of A had a gut busting laugh over that argument."
[ Paul M. Koloc (pmk@prometbeus.UUCP); Subject: Re: Patent 07/737,170,
Patent Office, re: Harvey E. Behrind Message-ID: i Cps1KG:6Cv@prometheus.UUCP»;
'14 May 1994]
COLD FUSION HEATS UP - Storms
(continued from page 9)
Experiments by Yan Kucherov and co-workers at Russia's Scientific
Industrial Association (LUCH in Podolsk produced an electrical discharge in
low-pressure deuterium, using palladium as one of the electrodes. Heat was
accompanied by an unusual form of gamma radiation. Gamma rays ordinarily fan
out in all directions from their source. In this case, the radiation emerged from
the palladium in tightly focused beams. Such beans suggest the existence within
the metal of reflection planes with much closer spacing than normally exist in the
atomic lattice: Such planes might be owing to an unusual lightly baund electron
structure. Much of the ovidence for cold fusion has come from techniques.
alien to miclear physics, such as electrolysis and the preoise measurement of
heat. But in the past several years, researchers have been producing cold fusion
results using the tools of nuclear physics, such as high energy ion beams.
BE A
SUPPORTER and
FRIEND
systeta, or trinsmitted, in any
form orby ray means, including
stronic, print, pholocol
hanical, recordiny
otherwist, withou the prior
Please renew your
annission of uST Iechnolog
do COLD FUSION TIME
subscription
(see page 7) instead of
photocoping. OK?
bombarded palladium and titanium samples with energetic deuterium nuclei.
During this bombardment, the cell emitted a variety of ions with energies
consistent with conventional fusion between two deuterium nuclei. This was in
itself unremarkable, and "could be explairied as
"hot" fusion, as high-energy
deuterons in the beam slammed into those that had already taken up residence in
the metal. But defying expectations, emission of energetic ions continued from
the palladium target for many hours after the implantation beam was turned off.
The Osaka group also detected high-energy helium nuclei. Such observations
suggest that
presence of a high-energy beari.
We want to thank the many readers,
contributors, supporters, belpers
consultants, and friends who hars
continued to help bring the
COLD FUSION TIMES to
fruition.
This includes the The
World by Software Tool and Die, and
our other advertisers. We hope you
support them!
joanar ich now bas readers rad
the World. If you would like to ribmit a:
ominibulica, an announcemeat, andor your
roduct information in this field, contact u
at
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box B1135
Wollesley Hite, MA 02181
A trail of evidence for cold fusion comes from work by Jirohta Kasagi
and co-workers at Tohoku University in Japan.: Kasogi bombarded titanium
deuteride with 150 kiloelectron-volt deuterons, When the deuterium content of
the utanium deuteride was high enough, the experiment produced protons with
energies up tọ 17:5-MeV These energetic protons are thought to réstilt from the
fusion of deuterium and helium-3. It is the heliüm-3 that provides evidence for
cold fusion.
In theory, helium-3 could arise in two ways. One is from the!" hot
fusion of the energetic deuterium nucler with the deuterium contained in the
metal. But the helium-3 is folind in isolated pockets within the titanium, which is
inconsistent with this explanation. If the helium were formed in hot fision, it is
Unlikely to diffuse* through the material, as is required for the build up' in
pockets. More likely is that the heliur-3 is a product of the radioactive decay of
tritium, which was produced within the metal in a cold fusion process. The
tritium thus formed could, unlike helium, easily migrate,
Our
Favorite
Cartoon
of the
•Month
y Mike Smith"
'LAS VEGAS SUI
"Perspectives"
NEWSWEEK
BELF
HONEY INUKED
TREKIR

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 793, "chars": 5541, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7
COLD FUSION TIMES
MATERIALS CORNER — This issue: Helium, Sulfur, Yttrium
YTERIUM, NIOBIUM and SULFUR
Helium-4 from COLD FUSION
Continued from page 1
The Chinese (Jin) and the Japanese Mizuno (December 993)
have rocently published on the use of niobium, yitnum, and other materials
« One important result of the coupled light-weight hydrogen
for the cold fusion reactions.
lattice within the heavy palladium lattice is that the phonon (quantum of
sound energy) spectra actually become split into acoustic and optical
components:
This separation may be the physical event which allows the
coupling of the nuclear reactions to the lattice, with satisfaction of the
The cold fusion phenomena were tested with use of proton conductor sold
electrolyte plates maintained at 300-400 deg C. An anomalous level of
›excess heat evolution of the order of 100 watt cm? was observed, during
absorption/desorption cycles of deuterium-containing hydrogen gas under
application of an alternate electric field **** Samples were made from a
mixture of SiCO: COzY 03 and 0N6203 powders. **** The heat
pi: generation from the
proton conductor
in, the experiment
deuterium-containing hydrogen gas was estimated to be approximately 50
watt (- 100 watt cm'') over 20 hrs, or - 3.6 MJ in total. The input power
given to the sample was + 18 V, +/- 40 (micro) A, or 7.2 x 104 watt.
Accordingly, the output-to-input power ratio was estimated to be as large as
7 x 10% lAnomalone Heat Evolution from S,Ce03-Type Protozi Conductors during Absortion/Desorpion
of Deuciura is Alternato Floride Ficia: Tadahio Mizino, Michio Eao, Tedishi Alrior and Kazilalea
Azani Holtaido Univ., Sapporo, Japan (ICCF-i, December 1993)]
"The experimental studies of YBCO-D system indicated that YBCO
high temperature super-conductor (HTSC) was shown to have a similar
effect on deuterium absorbability and anomalous nuclear effect like
palladium(1). We found that YBaCuOr-d could absorb deuterium at
normal temperature and formis DiY Ba; Cu, Ord. We also found that the
deuterated YBCO could produce high energy charged partictes far
larger than background. The influence of the absorbed denterium on the
characteristic of YBCO HTSC and the mechanism of the anomalous
nuclear effect are not clear and needed to be further, studied."
conservation of momentum which is required.
.$:
As a result of this uniqueness, there have now been scores of
experimental confirmations of new reactions producing both nuclear
products and thermal energies (called excess enthalpies) created by these
cold fusion phenomena.
We begin this series with a discussion of one of
the major products (or nuclear ""ashes") of this new technology - helium-4
(He): This column (continuing next month on helium contamination
issues) Will brietly review some of the remarkable findings which clearly
demonstrate that the heium-4
"ash"
production by cold fusion is
consistent with some of the reactions having a probable nuclear origin.
Back to the product - helium-4 What is most compelling is
that the helium-4 production is both time-correlated with the onset of
excess heat, correlated to the observed power levels of excess heat, an
ven correlated with the exposure of undeveloped x-ray films which ar
blanketed around some active electrodes.
It is these multiple factors.-
obtained in several labs -- which are strong in support of this finding of
helium, generation. These factors are thus also consistent with a nuclear
origin to some of the cold fusion phenomena.
(continued next issue)
The use of sulfur materials near/on the electrodes has been discussed
by IMRA (Japan) [Akita (ICCE 4, December 1993), Hasegawa: (December
1993); Hayakawa (December 1993), and Tsuchida December 1993)] using
THU a sulfir containing material. THU is thiourea IS-C NHa)2], where the
sulfur is postulated to form the site of closest-approach to the palladium
surface.
(More on this next issue) *
THE COLD FUSION TIMES
THE BEST INFORMATION-DENSE COLD FUSION JOURNAL AVAILABLE GOES UP TO $120.00 PER YEAR
COLD FUSION TIMES - Published quarterly. Annual subscription rate is $120.00 per year. Single issues are $50.00.
J**
Special A-I - COLD FUSIONTIMES with this coupon below. only - 1 year for 1/2 price **** ORDER NOW AND SAVE
BACK ISSUES OF COLD FUSION TIMES $15.00 (Winter, Spring 1993 only available with this offer)
)**
"Cold Fusion Source Book" - International Minsk Symposium, May 1994 (includes diskettes and both editions of the Proceedings $100.00
COLD FUSIONIMPACT
$24.95 by Hal Fox
"FIRE FROM ICE"
$22.95 by Dr. Eugene Mallove
) **
Spocial C-32 -- only $129.95
1) "Fire From Ico" 2) 'COLD FUSION IMPACT' and a
3) 1 year subscription to COLD FUSION TIMES
(**
Spocial M-35 -- only $159.95 "1) "Cold Fusion Source Book" - International Minsk Symposium, May 1994 (includes diskettes and both
editions of the Proceedings and 2) a 1 year subscription to COLD FUSION TIMES
( )**
STUDENTS ONLY - WITH ADEQUATE IDENTIFICATION MAY RECEIVE STUDENT SUBSCRIPTIONS AT $40.00 YEAR.
(1) There is an extra postage and handling charge of $5.00
HE NEED AND YOU NEED THE FACTS
(US currency only please] for orders outside of the United States.
(**) add $10,00 LUS currency only please] for orders outside of the
Clip and send to COLD FUSION TIMES
* United States of America)
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
NEXT ISSUE MORE DETAILS ON
MATERIALS, MORPHOLOGY, MORE
THBORIES, Japan's new NEDO program
AND MUCH MUCH MORE.
NAME:
COMPANY:
STREET ADDRESS:
iCITY: _
STATE:.
COUNTRY:.
COMMENTS:
[Can't wait? Order a Technical Report Now]

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 816, "chars": 5408, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FACTORS AFFECTING SUCCESS
Cravens - (continued from page 5)
On the other hand, the connections to the
cathode should be well below the surface of the
electrolyte. Remember that the highest loading ratio
achieved by your cathode is limited, in part, on the
portion of the surface of the cathode which has the
east inward tendency to have a lower threshold than
do the marginal cathodes. It would seem that the
• good cathodes leak less (perhaps due to fewer
cracks for deuterium to leak out) and can reach
higher ratios at lower current densities.
It also seems that the initial slow loading is
best at lower temperatures and low current densities.
However, the heat production should be done at an
elev ated temperature and at higher current densities.
One can make the analogy to filling a
bucket having a hole. If the bucket has only a small
hole, it can be filled with a small inflow. If the
bucket has a large hole or several small holes, it
can only be filled with a very large flow. Using
higher current densities works, in part, by increasing
the inflow above the outflow of the deuterium.
Holding the current low during the initial
works by decreasing the number of "holes" from
which the deuterium will leak when one goes to the
high current densities after the initial loading.
A few rapid pulses of current may also set
up localized regions of high deuterium ratios within
the cathode. The use of dynamic cur rents that are
more rapid than the deuteriurm diffusion times can
lead to high D/Pd ratios in some regions of the
, cathode.
Pulsing the electrolytic current
Changing the electrolysis current can set up
* dynamic variations and nonequilibrium ratios of the
deuterium within the cathode. One way to do this is to
pulse the electrolytic current. The goal is to set up a
condition that would cause a crowding of the
deuterium within regions of the cathode. To do this, I
simply short out some of. my current to ground to
cause a pulse.
It seems best that the pulsing is done while
keeping a DC bias on the current. In other words, the
pulses should be added on top of a DC bias. The bias
is selected (1 use 60 mA/cm~) so that the cathode is
not in a reverse-bias condition, but is always the
This prevents
de-loading that could ocçur if. it was rendered anodic.
For those new to cold fusion work, it is recommended
that they first slowly load (30 mA/cm? surface area
for 150 amp-hours per cubic centimeter of Pd), then
slowly ramp the current to 60 mAlcm2 (over two
nd finally start pulsing between the 6l
A/cm? and 500 mA/cm? levels
The pulses should
have a fast rise time and a period between a few
seconds to a few hours long.
• I use a period of 30
minutes and a 50% duty cycle.
I is also possible to pulse the current
• through O volts and then reverse the current direction:
If this protocol is used, it is important that the Pd'
*never be deloaded past the beta phase and into the
alpha phase: (The reverse voltage level should be kept
low (‹0.15V) so that oxides do not form on the
surface.) This method may be somewhat better than
the above-described pulsing method. However, the
DC bias method is recommended until experience is
gained in estimating loading ratios from amount-of
current passed through the cathode.
FOR THE WORLD
(more information)
A VERY SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY
Want to Learn About COLD FUSION?
Spost-- only $129 (*)
I) "Fizo From Ico" by Dr Eugene Mallove (Wiley)
12) "COLD FUSION IMPACT' by HalFox
3) A 1 year subscription to COLD FUSION TIMES
wriloto COLD FUSION TIMES, BOX C.
" add $15.00 (US currency only please] for orde
outside of the United States of Armerica)
Offer eads March 1, 1994 sad is void where not allowe
. The World
A Public Information Utility
Software Tool & Die
1330 Beacon Street, Suite 215
Brookline, Massachusetts 02146
office@world.std.com
17-739-020
Hal by modem to 617-739 9753 for moro informati
and 1 freehour
Technical Reports
Lynilable on several materal,
moccasingi onding, theon fitsource
intellectual propenty, end ford
cold Lusion Lopics
contact Böstecht
COLD FUSTONNTMRS
car ELECTROLYTIC
THERMAL
CELL
(see revlew on page 8)
PO. BOX 480591
Deave, CO 80748
(03) 433-5582
PAX (303) 791-4140
LE NOVA BESOURCES ROUD
COLD FUSION TIMES
Published quarterly. Annual subscription
rate is $12.00 per year,
Single issues are $50.00.
There is an extra postage and handling charge of
$10,00 per year [US cumency only pleasel for order
outside of the United Sintes.
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hils, Massachusetts 02181
JET Technology
Nanometric Material and
Spectroscopyic Analysis
Particle and Radiologic Detection,
Intellectual Property Consulting
(617) 239-8383
FUSION
"COLD
FUSION"
Magazine
A Wayne Green Publication
Write 1o:
70 Re. 202 North
eterborough, NH 0345
elephonc: 800-677-883
Fix to: 603-924-8613
Subacriptions: 800-234-8458
FUSION FACTS
P.O. Box 58639
Salt Lake City, UT
84158
(801) 583-6232
12 issues (1 year) $345
Minnesota Cold Fusion Alliance
#Z 223 Ridgewood Minneapolis, MN 55403
carried in FUTURIC'S and
FUTURE TRENDS NEWLETTER
Cold Fusion Research Advocates
2060 Peachtree naustrial Cor
lite 312
Chamblee, Georgeia 30341
Nu Tech
COLDFUSION SYSTEMS
COLD
FUSION TIMES- BOX A7
FUSION
EANTASTIC REFERENCES
AVAILABLE ON THE SUBJECT
OF
COLD FUSION
BACKISSUES OF COLD FUSION TIMES $10.00
(sorry, only Vot 1, numbers 1 and 2 available)
COLD FUSION SOURCE BOOK (ini: 1994) $100.
COLD FUSION
FIRE FROM ICE
$24.95
500 D0то 0n page 7

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1451, "chars": 9246, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
WHAT'S
HAPPENIN'
[including News from the INTERNET (*)]
COLD FUSION - Storms
(Continued from Page 10)
LETTER CORNER
surface impurities is also important to produce the required deuterium
[including News from the INTERNET (*)] -- soo also pago 6
content. McKubre's first experiments, which wera successful, used pyrex containers
for the cell. When he changed to Teflon, the cell did not work. Further investigation
The following are lwo excerpts from the Internet regarding the Technology
revealed the apparent reason: aluminum and silicon atoms from the pyrex migrated
Review article (Storms, page 10) and "COLD FUSION"
magazine.
This is
to the palladium surface
and allowed the deuterium to build up to higher
presented for balance as a parallax view. 'The first comment is from Mark Hittinger
concentrations.
(bugs@NETSYS.COM) 5 May 1994
McKubre's studies also identified another criterion for producing excess
beat. His work, which have now been supported by at least four other laboratories,
"Hi out there - just wanted to make a few comments about the recent article in
"Technology Review" (edited at MIT!) One of the local alumni hereabouts
indicates that the electrical current entering the cell must exceed a threshold of at
i comered mejand showed me therarticles He was quite shook up about it: For those
least 150
milliamperes per square centimeter of palladium. For experiments using
large pieces of palladium, this can mean a very large overal current Many
who haven't read it yet it is by Dr Edmund (we are all gonna be RICH*) Storms,
experimenters have failed to produce anomalous effects because they have not
It is a review of the past couple of yearsot positive results anyhow tas alumn type
applied enough current to their cells. Several experiments have shown that the
questions such is is anything new going on?"
nature and timing of the electrical inpur to a cell significantly affects the chances of
have there been any new breakthroughs that nobody wants to talk about?
its success. Heat is more likely to be produced when the electrical current is
you went to Hawaii - just how many palladium call options do you have??? "Just
exactly where are P& now??! Of course I replied that I thought it was almost dead
(repeatedly ramped", from a high to lower level or briefly pulsed to high values.
Applying certain microwave frequencies is also, beneticial. Moreover, for reasons
but not quite dead yet. I told him abour heat after death and ruined the rest of his
stil unknown, electrolysis must continue for several days before the cell "turns on:"
and begins to generate excess heat. Many of the early efforts to reproduce the effect
This fellow loved to joke about CNE from time to time and the article appearing
in his school's magazine messed him up. He is/was afraid that he missed something.
failed at least parily because the researchers did not stick with them long enough.
.....
Frowns now instead of jokes. I have to up my hat to Dr. Storms for masing an
excellent public relations move. The article was probably too long. It shöuld have
that use crackfree palladium and
follow the proper
..... procedures now roulinely result in excess heat, nuclear products, or both.
been shorter so that it could be xeroxed and faxed around easier. I have seen
might be arising from nuclear reactions other than fusion, as well. At least 1 0
complaints from some readers about the technical content of the article - but my
point is that the technical content is a minor issue compared to the fact that the
different laboratories have measured significant excess
light-water cells using nickel, rather than palladium, as the cathode, and in which is
"Maybe Wayne can send Eugene and Jed to PR school now that they are going to
dissolved a carbonate of one of the so-called alkali metals (lithium, sodium,
rake in big bugs off all those reader service cards,, If we can't have straight shooting
potassium,
or rubidium). Experiments by: Robert Bush and Robert Eagleton at
California Polytechnical University and by Reiko Notoya at Hokkaido University in
Japan suggest that this heat arises from a, transmutation reaction: a proton enters the
rucleus of the dissolved inetal to give the next higher element in the periodic table.
Potassium, for example, is proposed to take up a proton to produce calcium, and
rubidium is similarly transformed into strontium. Researchers have detectea carcium
and strontium at levels that suggest this transmutation is occurring.
After this, the following reply was posted I6 May 1994]
"Mark I'liked your rebuttal of the "Cold Fusion"/Mag thing, but you weren't
vehement enough :)
am I found To post (sil) and is do for rate fine boston to on born of
purposes) tell me where the money is to be made in CF.*
- RM Holt
Accumulating Evidence: Helium - One of the products of the fusion of two
deuterium atoms is helium, which with its two protons is the next element up on the
periodic table. Many experiments have produced measurable helium. Hawaii's Liaw
for example; found significant helium in the palladium in his heat-producing
ITALIAN COURT VINDICATES DR.PONS *
s experiments with a molten-sali electrolyte, Workers at Texas A&M also detected
normal helium 4 in the palladium after tritium was produced, However, no effort
Dr. Douglas O. Morrison, höt fusion spokesman for CERN and
was made to measure hear during this study. OF, Zng and collengues at the
point-man against cold fusion, is a self-purported expert witness for the
A University of Science and Technology in Chengdu, China, have detected helium 4
defense in the second case. He has published over the Internet that La
in titanium rods that produced excess heat in an electrolytic cell. They saw no
Repubblica, which is sometimes regarded as the New York Times of
hollüm when oxcess heat was absent, suggesting a link between the two.
Italy, wrote an article in October 1991, reviewing the book by Axel Kuhn,
"False Prophets" where it was suggested that Cold Fusion was an example
Skeptics have complained that cold-fusion experiments have produced
too little helium; if the heat measured truly has nuclear origin, they contend, far
more helium should be detected. The helium found in the palladium after the Hawaii
experiments, for example, while significant, could account for only 10 percent of the
large amounts of excess energy that this work generated. Recent work has whittled
away at this objection. Melvin Miles and Benjamin Bush of the Naval Air Warfare
Center at China Lake, Calif., for example, have ineasured heliim in the gas emitted
by electrolytic cells and have measured helium levels 90 percent of those needed to
account for the measured heat. Since these scientists found no helium when using
normal water in the cell instead of deuterium-bearing heavy water, the heat appears
to be nuclear in origin. When critics suggested that the helium entered the glass
collection flasks from the atmosphere, Miles and Bush repeated the experiment
using steel flasks and obtained similar results while also showing that the diffusion
rate of helium through glass was too small to account for the observed amounts.
Apparently, most of the generated helium resides in the gas, rather than in the
electrodes there rescarchers have mainiy been looking.
Profs. Fleischmann, Pons, Bressani and Del Guidice have sued
La Repubbica for 8 billion ure which was about so milion. Morrison
reports that the Judge appointed as technical adviser, Prof. Licher of
Cagliari. Briefs were submitted by Prof. Gozzi of Rome for the Plaintiffs
Astonishingly, other
professional skeptics have gone so far as to advertise their fax numbers on
the Internet to offer their support for the Defense (for example, Dr. Frank
Close of the U.K.)
When helium forms during fusion, two particles are condensed into one.
The laws of physics require that in any interaction between particles, momentum
(the product of mass and velocity) must be conserved. In hot fusion, a 24-MeV
gamma ray is emited to satisfy this conservation requirement. No gamma rays with
this energy are observed in cold fusion. The most probable reason, I believe, is that
the material has transformed into a special condition that enables the atomic lattice
to absorb most of the nuclear energy being generated. If we assume that the material
in this condition has a similar ability to absorb nuclear radiation applied from
outside, a straightforward experiment could test this hypothesis. One could irradiate
the material with gamma radiation, which ensily penetrates ordinary palladium.
When this special condition exists, the riaterial should block some of the gamma
rays; the portion of gamma radiation absorbed should correspond to the amount of
the material that has switched to the fusion-enabling condition. Evidence for this
special condition does exist.
COLD FUSION TIMES
Publisher and Editor: Mitchell Swartz
P.O. Box 81135, Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts 02181
Internet address: mica@woild.std.com
COLD FUSION TIMES is published quarterly.
See Page 7 for details:
Annuai subscription rato is $120,00 per year.
Thero is an extra postage chargo outside North America of $12.00 per year, US
cumency only please.
€ 1994 JET Teohnology
All Rights Reserved
(Continued on page 6)

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 319, "chars": 2183, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUMMER
1994
****
Number 1
Volume 2
TO:
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts
02181
COLD FUSION HEATS UP
Edmund Storms
MIT TECHNOLOGY REVIEW
[Brief excerpt from May 1994 issue]
The demand for long-term
control cells
reflects
results
from the
early
cold "fusion
• experiments, which produced heat or nuclear
products in occasional bursts. More recent work has
achieved steady output. Once & cell tums on,
typically stays on for many days. 'Skeptics
who
accept the data on excess heat nevertheless assert that
it originates not from any nucicar process but from
some hitherto unlown chemical reaction.
But no
evidence from any study has been reported to support
various speculated chemical sources. If a
novel
chemical reaction
is the
source
of this power,
significant quantities of some chemical product must
be present in the cell, yet no such products have been
observed.
Moreover,
many distinct. and novel
chemical reactions would be required to explain the
excess-heat observations in a the variety of chemical
environments that have now been studied.
One reason-that-cold fusion has been. so
difficult to accept is that the experiments are so hard
g
replicate.
Many
experienced
researchers,
attempting to follow exactly the methods described in
published studies, have, until recently, produced little
or no evidence for a nuclear reaction. But scientists
are starting to solve the puzzle of why some cells
work and some do not.
An important requirement
producing
heat, for example, now appears to
be palladium
argely free of microscopic cracks.
Deuterium
apparently escapes from any cracks too fast for a
critical concentration to build up. Michael McKubre
and co-workers at SRI International, as well as
rescarchers at several other laboratories, have shown
that the larger the ratio of deuterium to palladium in
the electrode, the greater the bear. The presence of
Continued Page 11
ISSN# 1072-2874
Published quarterly
TIMES
FUSION
COLD
COLDFUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135, Wellesley
Hills, Massachusetts 02181
Subscription &
Editorial information:
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE
HAS GONE BEFORE
©JET Technology
COLD FUSION TIMES
SUMMER 1994
Volume 2
Number 1
