{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T03:33:42Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1028162, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119123-cold-fusion-times-summer-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "dc07f975a0b8ed29c7895e6462633f3d9869ec7f7bea82a9967683a44b1e9a15"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 906, "chars": 6406, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IN THIS ISSUE
CF AND HOLLYWOOD..
CHINA REPORT ...........
COLD FUSION UPDATES
COLD FUSION PROGRESS .
COLD FUSION LEGAL ISSUES
COLD FUSION COMMENTARY
COLD FUSION BROUHAHA...
ENGINEERING AND MATERIALS VIEW
5,10
1,3,5,6,9
1,3,5,6,7,9
2.9
Nowa and Davelopments from Arkanzas, California, Georgla, Illinola, Massachusetts, Maina, Minnesota, New Mexico, New Hampatire, New York, Ohio, Hawait,
Rhode Istand, Texas, Utah, Washington, D.C., Chlna, England, France, India, Japen, Netherlands, Russia, Brl Lanka, United Kingdora
EPRI REPORT
FOR THE WORLD..
ICCF-6.........
17
2,3.8
NASA REPORTS ...
NUCLEAR PRODUCTS
1,5
1,5,7,9
OP-ED COLUMN
ISNE REPORT .......
LIGHT WATER SYSTEMS..
LOS ALAMOS REPORTS
...
3, 6
1,5
1,7,8,9
PATENT PAGE
PEOPLE IN THE NEWS.
QUALITY POSITIVE REPORTS
MIT KNIGHT JOURNALIST AWARD .
TOWARD THE FUTURE...
MORE INFORMATION.
2,3,4.8
VIRTUAL REALITY
Volume 4
• Number 3
SUMMER 1996
ISSN # 1072-2874
COLD FUSION TIMES
QUALITY REPORTS CONTINUE
NASA CONFIRMS COLD FUSION
TO CONFIRM COLD FUSION
IN LIGHT WATER/NICKEL SYSTEM
WELLESLEY, MA - Several organizations, including US goy-
CLEVELAND, OHIO - NASA and a consulting company
emment agencies, have now reported confirmation of the cold fusion (NYMA, Inc.) have confirmed the cold fusion excess heat effect us-
phenomena. In this issue of the COLD FUSION TIMES, we present ing light (ordinary) water with nickel and a Randall Mills-type setup.
reports which demonstrate the salient accumulation of new informa- As reviewed in previous issues of the COLD FUSION TIMES, light
tion from NASA, from Los Alamos, and from EPRI (the Electric water/nickel systems involve a variety of configurations, including
Power Research Institute) consortium in California. This is remark- those advocated by Dr. Mills using potassium carbonate electrolyte
able both because it is corroboration by conservative, serious-minded
between an platinum anode and a nickel cathode. Drs. Niedra
scientists, which will spotlight cold fusion to receive further attention
[NYMA] and Myers, Fralick and Baldwin [NASA] have prepared a
by the scientific community. Also this further increases the number technical memorandum (#107167) entitled "Replication of the Ap-
of quality positive reports. Incredibly, even as this progress contin- parent excess Heat effect in a Light Water - Potassium Carbonate -
ues, the cold fusion skeptics and some hot fusion scientists, editors,
Nickel electrolytic Cell".
The report presents data which has con-
and US Patent Office bureaucrats continue to deliberately stall devel-
firmed excess enthalpies in the range of 6 to 68% for an electrolytic
opment in this field; their hands still desparately cling to stale out-of-
system fashioned after the Mills nickel prototypic cell. (More page 5)
date newspapers and papers with scientific errors from 1989-90.
Such stonewalling maliciously impedes progress in the field of energy
production and nuclear physics within the United States.
This may
LOS ALAMOS NAT'L LAB
only be the second time in history that the United States has stopped
REPORTS TRITIUM FROM CF
scientific progress for political reasons. The first was the rebufi to
NEW MEXICO - As reported previously in the COLD FUSION
Dr. Teller to develop the hydrogen bomb which would be reversed TIMES (Vol 3, 2-3), Los Alamos National Laboratory has committed
when the Soviets finally achieved detonation of an atomic bomb. >
itself to continue research in this field. Los Alamos has now con-
firmed the generation of minute amounts of tritium in some cold fu-
EPRI REPORTS POSITIVE DATA
sion systems. Since there was negligible material contamination in
NUCLEAR PROCESSES IN DEUTERATED METALS
their experiment, this is very important because there is oniy a nuclear
PAL ALTO, CA - The Electric Power Resource Institute's
source of this materal. This distinguished paper has been long
[EPRI] Report Summary on their "Development of Advanced
awaited by those in the field working in the enthalpic and helium pro-
Concepts for Nuclear Processes in Deuterated Metals" is avail-
duction sectors of research and development. (More on page 7)
able spanning 232 pages with detailed reviews of their meticulous
work in the cold fusion field. The following is short excerpt of this
15
important "quality-positive" technical report.
Since first-announced in 1989 by Fleischmann, Pons, and Hawkins,
"cold fusion" has been the subject of widespread interest and intense
controversy. Palladium (Pd) cathodes electrochemically charged with
deuterium (D) to unusually high D/Pd ratios exhibit episodes of heat in
excess of measured electrical inputs. Although nuclear reaction prod-
ucts commensurate with the excess heat have not yet been observed,
small but definite evidence of nuclear reactions have been detected at
levels some 40 orders of magnitude greater than predicted by conven-
tional nuclear theory.
The project team designed electrochemical cells that allowed preci-
sion calorimetry to be conducted while measuring all input heat from
Tritium Concentration (nC/I)
P1-H2. Dzand PdH, background runs
(no tritium produced)
system drif 0.002 to 0.01 nCih
PdD× foreground runs
10-
(rillum producers)
rates of 0.1 to 0.2 nCin
50
electrochemical and calibration resistor currents. The team operated 25
100
150
Time in Hours
250
An Important
Experiment in
Hydrided
Palladium
Comparison
background and
foreground re
sults with a Pd
wire-plate type
plasma cell.
wire-plate
plasma and
Rowing
background
is
shown for com-
parison. Details
300
on pages 7 and
8. Lafter Claytor
et alis (1996)]
separate cell/calorimeters for periods of several days to several weeks
each. Separately, the team operated 80 open cells to test various proce-
dures for obtaining high cathode D/Pd ratios, a key condition for ob-
taining excess heat.
Results Three conditions were found characteristic of all cells yield-
ing episodes of excess heat: (1) a D/Pd ratio less than 0.9, (2) initial
appearance times of 8 to 23 days, and (3) cathodic current densities
above 0.1 A/cm". Excess powers ranging between a few percent to ap-
proximately 350% were observed,
(continued on page 7)
All Rights Reserved.
No part of this publication may
be reproduced, stored in an electronic or retrieval system, trans-
mitted, copied in any form or by any means including electron-
ic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, or storage without the
prior permission of the COLD FUSION TIMES.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1006, "chars": 6565, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOWARD THE FUTURE
Ed. - For years this column has focused on
criticism results from the difficulty in discerning
FUTURE events in cold fusion. Today, we look
useful systems from "New Age"- 'vapor' systems.
back through some harsh comments made by peo-
Don Lancaster writes prolifically for Electronics
ple who are so close to this field that their views
NOW http:www.sinaja.com/lihry01.hrml Here is la short
deserve consideration.
We respectfully disagree
excerpt from
Vol. 66, 12-1995. Chris Tinsley
with some points made by Don Lancaster and
Chris Tinsley, but these excerpts reflect the
writes for Infinite Energy.
See references for
"pulse" of some in the field.
A portion of the
DOES PSEUDOSCIENCE
on ammunition. They are now centered on an in-
finile Energy magazine and an CINE online re-
STRIKES AGAIN?
source.
The fact that they have now allled
Don Lancaster
themselves with pyramid power (now renamed as
Thatcher, Arizona •. "It's now our monsoon
tetrahedral superscalars) does not bode well.
season out here in Arizona. For some weird rea-
Genuine new energy developments certainly
son, this seems to bring the perpetual-motion folks
will emerge. And research certainly should contin-
and pseudoscience enthusiasts out of the wood-
ue. So should independent thinking. For instance,
work. I've recently been seeing one a day.
the August 18th issue of Science tells us about a
Meanwhile, all of the cold-fusion diehards
dramatic improvement in lower cost polymer solar
appear to have gone into a "circle the wagons"
cells on pages 920-921. These are still woefully
state. They also seem to be running critically low
inefficient and totally unstable, but they just got a
whole lot better."
ON ITALIAN JUSTICE
Chris Tinsiey
London, UK - I've just heard the result of
a court case in Italy, the one where Fleischmann
and Pons and others sued the Republicca newspa-
per for referring to cold fusion as scientific fraud.
They lost the case.
This has been gleefully re-
ported on sci physics. fusion by the scientific ad-
visor to the defense, one Dr Douglas O Morrison
of CERN - of whom my opinion is about as low
as my opinion sinks. So, why am I pleased? Be-
cause I hope this will finally knock some sense
into the heads of CF people. I said in Boston that
we haven't got time for science in CF. That was
not because I'm against science - I'm all for it -
but because (as I also said) scientists will believe
anything which they are funded to believe. Also,
contrariwise. But there's only one way they'il be
funded. If the CF wars are to be fought within
science, then Planck's Other Constant will apply.
Planck set this value at 20 years, the time it takes
for fresh minds to overcome the past. ...
I will bet that some of the big companies
who are now dabbling in the field are finding that
the problems of reproducibility of results will not
have gone away.
I will also bet that some of
them are cutting their losses and getting out of
CF. The solutions to non-reproducibility are like-
ly to be counter - intuitive.
A single corporation essentially means a
single individual controlling its research. If that
individual has a
fixed
idea, then - if it is a wrong
idea - no hope there.
Meanwhile, out there we
have all these little groups.
Commercial secrecy is
legitimate,
but paranoia,
greed
and secretiveness
are not.
I would suggest to
these groups that they are
far more likely to be relegated to the most micro-
scopic of footnotes. Other people with a more
open, co-operative and positive attitude will just
walk past them.
And let us be clear about the
present role of science in CF. Its role is primarily
to help in the development of high-performance
machines, and to ensure the safety of products.
Once there are commercial products - even
poor-quality, low performance products - then
there will be no shortage of scientists to work on
improving them. There will also be plenty of
funding to find out the basic phenomenon. In the
face of such funding, there will be plenty of be-
lieving scientists. To find the mechanism - ol
*least* urgent.
[Ed. - see page 4 for more on this matter of
concer to some of the CF community.]
"One of the most interesting de-
tailed and precise book available
which extensively examines
the
GRAVITATIONAL FORCE
very origins of gravitational sei-
ence. Very highly recommended."
COLD FUSION TIMES
"Gravitational Force
of the Sun"
by Pari Spoulter $29.95
available at Orb Publishing
11862 Balboa Blvd. #182
Granada Hills, CA 91344
(818)-363-2003
(for orders 1-800-879 4214)
Electric Spacecraft Journal
Practical Electrostatics and more, Theories
Reviews including Sci-
ence Conferences, Ex-
Electric Spacecraft
perimental Reviews.
This issue discusses free
space, Tesla coils, and
fundamental electrostatic
force experiments.
Published quarterly, $24
Electric Spacecraft
Journal Network
73 Sunlight Drive
Leicester, North Car-
olina 28748
(704) 683-0313
[FAX (704) 683-3511]
Photo Credits 377>7
Coner Page: aller Clayton el al, descriprion on page 7
Page 2: Chris Tinsky (layinile Enerky Magazine).
Page 3 & 1: Hal Fox, Douglas Morrison (Gayle Verer).
Pagc 5: Mills typc scl up (infile Energy Magazine).
Page 7: Dr. Claylor (Fim (rom /cs): VR site (JET Teckpoloey)
Page 9: Dr. Johnson (Winslow Martin Tal); Keanna Reaves (20th Century Far)
Back Cover: [NASA] Egg Nobla ICAL 2088, -1,000 lightyears anayl in red
light taken by ilse Hubble Spoce Telescopo. A pair of "searchlight" beams crIctEe
from a hickled rod giarl: Thcy are crisscrossed by rumerous bright ares. The sel-
lar cjection jas expand at 20 km/s (115,0X) mpli) and will only last 1 0x21 10 2,0x7
years (aller R.Sahzi and I.Trauger (IFL) WFPC2 and NASA).
American Cold
Fusion Engineering
Fullerene Fetion opening
new horizoes for
FLEA MARKET
AT MIT
.0. Box 191394
Sacramerdo CA 953]'
Third Sunday, July thru
October 1996
Cambridge MA
for info: WIGSL
PO Box 397082 MIT Brànc
Cambridge MA 02139
Gon teeded with
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The Scientific Aspects Of
Loading Isotopic Fuels Into Materials
Volume 4 Number 3 -- Summer 1996
ISSN# 1072-2874 published quarterly ® 1996 JET Technology
Editor: Mitchell Swartz Associate Editor: Gayle Verner
Technical and Photographic Contributors and Consultants:
Stephen Baer, Richard Goldbaum, Gerald Swartz, Joln Voci, Jayne Yaffe
Annual subscription rate $120.00 Single issues $40.00.
Postage and handling charge of $5,00 per order outside of the United States.
Cold Fusion Times' Address
.O. Box 8113
Wellesley Hills, MA USA 02181
Cold Fusion Times'
Web Home Page:
http://world.std.com/~mica/cft.html

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 899, "chars": 5868, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PEOPLE IN THE NEWS
Ed. - The Third International Symposium on
New Energy met in April 1996. Thirty-four papers
were presented. Hal Fox, Editor of New Energy
News and Fusion Facts, delivered the keynote ad-
dress, and Eugene Mallove, of Infinity Energy, was
the banquet speaker. James L. Griggs, Harold Asp-
den and Dennis Cravens also presented. The fol-
lowing are selected excerpts; further details are in
New Energy News (Vol. 4, No. I, May 1996).
REVIEW OF ISNE-3 AND NEW
ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES
Hal Fox
in the cold fusion field. One of the most reviled,
disputed anomalies in the history of science is
painfully, but inexorably heading toward accep-
tance by the scientific community. Not only that,
but because cold fusion is rapidly entering the
mainstream of media and industrial attention, it
will have the collateral effect of focusing attention
on other perhaps related anomalous excess energy
machines - New Energy
devices that rely or
vortex-cavitation principles and ones that are en-
tirely electromagnetic, e.g. permanent magnet mo-
tors of unusual design that are claimed to be
over-unity.
Denver, Colorado -
Progress is being made in
the development of three
new energy technologies:
cold nuclear fusion, high-
density charge clusters,
and
super-magnets/
super-motors -- providing
thermal, electric, and me-
chanical energy. These
three technologies are ex-
pected to form the basis for energy-producing sys-
tems of the 21st century, and all three are expected
to be commercialized during 1996 and 1997.
At the ISNE-3 meeting, Dennis Cravens demon-
strated a working power cell. Fox announced the
successful invention, patent application, and early
positive results of a new fiber power cell. This in-
vention has the following inventors: Bruce Ever-
ingham, Avard Fairbanks, Hal Fox, Peter Gluck,
and Shan Jin. Fox announced that speciaily plated
nickel-fiber cathodes were the key that provides for
ten to twenty times as much thermal output as
compared with electrical input.
The Patterson Power Cell
Dennis Cravens
The Patterson Fuel Cell is a light-water, lithium
electrolyte, nickel/palladium catalyst, which pro-
vides for a new type of water hydrolysis. The pat-
ented system has been demonstrated at prior
conferences, was the main subject of a report on
ABC's Nightline, and is considered by many ex-
perts as the leading contender for commercializa-
tion of New Energy devices.
The Hydrosonic Pump
James L. Griggs
The Hydrosonic Pump is a novel device for heating
liquids by the use of shock waves, cavitation, or
the implosion of bubbles within the liquid. The ef-
ficiency of the device has been shown to be signifi-
cantly greater than 100%, and may be connected
with the phenomenon of sonoluminescence, and
the development of the Keeley motor by John
Keeley in the late 1800s. The presentation included
discussion on advantages, uses, and energy bal-
ances of the Hydrosonic pump, including the latest
research findings.
Vacuum Spin Enerpy Source Harold Aspen
"Vacuum spin" consists of cylindrical or spherical
Cold Fusion: New Energy Are Fugene Mallove
It is difficult to imagine a more profound reversal
of scientific fortunes than what has been emerging
pockets of aether spinning inside coextensive mat-
ter, and developing powerful electric fields. While
continued page 6
COLD FUSION - now a VIRTUAL REALITY!!
Wellesley Hill, MA - If you want to take a virtual walk on the wild side, see the COLD FUSION
TIMES GALLERIA now open, and located on the World Wide Web. The COLD FUSION TIMES now
has a Virtual Reality page which can be accessed through its URL at http://world.std.com/-mica/cft.html
For those who want to see the latest in virtual reality, or could never get enough time on the 3D headsets at
electronics shows, here is a chance to view VR, and in 3D reread or retum to the home page and just catch
up on missed issues of THE most informative, up-to-date, solidly rescarched publication on the solid state
Top page editions of the COLD FUSION TIMES are posted on the walls of this virtual reality pictu-
rescape. As you hop through the colored corridors of this computer technology, watch the progress of CF in
3D, watch the Patterson Device, and other notables in the history of the field reported first in the COLD
FUSION TIMES. Although this Virtual Cold Fusion World is not high resolution, it is a 3-Dimensional
virtual world. The front pages, the bose-condensates, ICCF issues, and even the development of the journal
over several years, are resolvable. No one in this phenomenal field should miss the exciting development of'
virtual reality in web pages. Take a gander and see what you're missing.
Editor: →=> Software Requirement:
VRML 1.0 browser such as Netscape 3.0
or other recent WWWbrowser. If you do
not have the software, it is available by by-
pertextlink at the COLD FUSION
TIMES home page under software section
- with loads of free telecommunication
and networking software. If you want to
see what VR is like, the figure is one view
down a passageway.
OF GREAT INTEREST
TO OUR READERS
SEE FOR THE WORLD (PAGE 8)
FUSION acta
COLD FUSION TIMES
Ther Journal tH The Startin dare?
LEAN 1T22
3
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
FUSION FACTS
PO Box 58639
SALT LAKE CITY, UT
84158
"COLD FUSION"
70 Route 202N
Peterborough NH 03458
INFINITE ENERGY
PO Box 2816
Concord, NH 00302
FUTURE TECHNOLOGY
INTELLIGENCE REPORT
PO Box 423652
San Francisco, CA 94142
MaDaniel.
Untapped Techarlesx
FUTURE TRENDS
Minnesota CF Alliance
365 Summit Ave.
St Paul, MN 55102
UNTAPPED
TECHNOLOGY
IN REVIEW
PO Box 5185
Mesa, AZ 85211
ELECTRIFYING TIMES
63600 Deschutes Rd Bend,
OR 97701
(503) 388-1908
FAX (360) 693-4408
MCDANIEL REPORT
1055 West College Ave.
#273 Santa Rosa,
CA 95401
THE MARS
MISSION
122 Dodd St.
Weehawken NJ 07087
CHRISTA
CORRIGAN
MCAULIFFE CENTER
400 State Street
Framingham, MA 01701

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1126, "chars": 7099, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE PATENT PAGE™ - Analysis of Intellectual Property & Legal Issues
MAD COW DISEASE? or JURY TAMPERING?
- YOU DECIDE
COLD FUSION TIMES'
FAVORITE CARTOON OF THE "MONTH"
Italy - Many have read about the furor of "Mad Cow Disease" hitting
the United Kingdom. But the way the Italian judiciary is making decisions
about critical scientific matters, people may wonder if their court system
wasn't infected too. A recently handed-down decision on whether Fleisch-
mann and Pons were libeled was reversed.
Outraged over this reversal of fact and the
unfairess of the way the case was handled
based upon more potential misstatements,
many scientists are demanding justice, not
to mention an investigation to vindicate the
pair of scientists who have been corrobo-
rated by time and effort. Suspicion that
something has gone terribly wrong focuses
on a conspicuous bug in the ointment.
Namely,
CERNs physicist Dr. Douglas
Morrison, longtime cold fusion opponent,
whose stakes in keeping the phenomenon
from gaining momentum, are legendary by
now.
Spontaneous prion aggregation
- also known as Bovine spongioform
encephalopathy (BSE) - has been the
near ruin of British cattle industry.
BSE is blamed on prions which are ag-
gregable proteins present in nervous
tissue, and are shown aboye.
It is un-
likely that the Judges or skeptics who
According to at least one report on
knock cold fusion have BSE, but given
the Internet, some of the opponents of cold
the plethora of positive reports now
fusion may have behaved like shameless
documented over seven years,
then
self-promoters, in effect,
"soliciting" his
who knows?
alleged well-honed-scientific skills to be used by the attorneys in the Italian
courts. Somehow Dr. Morrison's self-annointed
"Expert Witness from
CERN" banner got the judges to swallow and endorse Morrison's erroneous
heavily-biased statements.
Should hot fusion physicists go out of their way
to make themselves an "Expert Witness" and then influence the court? What
is striking is the continued relatively successful effort of Dr. Douglas Morri-
son to attack cold fusion. This is more than an appearance of impropriety
given the heavy conflict of interest.
However, even though it was the skeptics who sought out La Republic-
ca and then misstated facts, even though such agents of CERN and hot fusion
continue to operate at a relatively low level of accuracy, in the interest of
truth, the COLD FUSION TIMES now presents Dr. Morrison's own report
with his CERN-anti cold fusion paraliax view.
The secret life of cold fusion
after the Economist September 30, 1989
March 1989 they submitted their paper for publication, and it was accepted on the 22nd
March before their press conference of the 23rd March. However there were some nega-
tive aspects;
1. They failed to mention the work of Prof. Stephen Jones which began in 1986.
Fleischmann and Pons had agreed with Jones to submit their papers for publication togeth-
er on the 24th March
2. When it was pointed out to Fleischmann and Pons that their gamma ray peak was
at an impossible energy, they changed the scale
3. They claimed to have observed and measured fusion for a long time but were not
subject to gamma radiation - therefore it was not fusion
4. In April 1989, the US government set up a committee of 22 scientists to check the
results. Despite complicated work, the results were negative. This is described in the book
by John Huizenga, the Co-Chairman, entitled "Cold Fusion - the Scientific Fiasco of the
Century".
5. On the 8th July 1989, in the Deseret News (daily newspaper published in Utah)
appeared an article (with photograph) where Pons declared that he had made an apparatus
of the size of a thermos which would satisfy the needs of a normal family and could make
CERN's REPORT
ON COURT JUDGEMENT
Douglas Morrison, CERN
lea. Pons also said that the boiler was giving off 10 to 15 times the energy put in. The
court noted that little progress had been made since 1991, There was no good theory to ex-
plain the claims of cold fusion and there was a failure to observe the products of fusion as
would be expected (tritons, neutrons, protons, 'He, "He and gamma rays) The court noted
the comportment of Fleischmann and Pons who provided different and inconsistent data at
CERN - Martin Fleischmann, Stanley Pons,
different times, noted that they omitted to cite the work of Prof. Jones, noted the manner in
Tullio Bressani, Guiliano Preparata, and Emilio
which they dealt with the press, and noted how they considered future developments and
Del Giudice Versus Editoriale La Republicca
concluded that they were separated from reality.
The court noted that most scientists had now abandoned cold fusion. Thus the court
s.p.a., Eugenio Scalfari and Giovanni Maria
judged that Giovanni Maria Pace was justified in making his comments in the exercise of
Pace. In October 1991, the La Republicca pub-
his profession, since there had been great discussion and contestation. The above is a brief
lished an article by their science editor, Giovanni
summary of the 14 page judgement. Since this was translated from Italian, it is possible
Maria Pace, which reviewed the book "False
that there are some small errors in translation (please inform me so I may correct them) but
Prophets" and essentially suggested that cold fu-
the sense of the judgement is clear
sion was "scientific fraud" and the names of Fleischmann and Pons were
mentioned. Letters from Bressani(Turin), Preparata(Milan) and Del Gui-
dice(Milan) were written to the newspaper and published. The five then sued
the newspaper, its editor and the journalist for 8 billion lire (about $5 million
at that time).
The court appointed Prof. Giovanni Licheri of Cagliari to as-
sess the 105 pieces of scientific evidence presented. The five plaintifis asked
(Ed. - Should Court witnesses be pro-active in civil suits that effect their own live-
lihood, or would that make them more like "ambulance chasers"? Should so-called "Ex-
pert Witness" reports be accepted by the scientific community when the evidence from
1990-1996 is ignored? This report by Dr. Morrison of his own influence upon the Italian
Court may have the appearance of bias but he remains a contributor to the involved case,
-and his parallax, afbeit skeptical, point of view is relevant.)
Prof. Daniele Gozzi (Rome) to be their adviser. La Republicca asked Douglas
Morrison of CERN, Geneva, to be their scientific adviser. See Nature
363(1993)107. Both sides submitted further written evidence. This may be
the first time, or one of the first times that a law court has been asked to de-
COLD FUSION TIMES
Load targete Firela lot i untermedi
24NN 1072-1574
cide on a scientific issue.
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The Scientific Aspects
Of Loading Isoropic Fuels Into Materials
Cold Fusion Times" Web Home Page:
http://world.std.com/~mica/cft.html
expenses of 28 million lire (less than $20 000) of the defendants.
Firstly the court considered whether the manner in which Fleischmann and Pons
presented their results was correct. They concluded that it was correct because on the 13th

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 912, "chars": 6058, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MATERIALS CORNER NASA REPLICATES NICKEL-BASED CF,
OTHER NEWS FROM LOS ALAMOS, and from CHINA
Replication Of The Apparent Excess Heat Ef-
fect In A Light Water - Potassium Carbonate -
Nickel Electrolytic Cell
Janis M. Niedra (NYMA] and Ira T. Myers, Gustave C. Fralick and
Richard S. Baldwin [NASA] Technical mem. (#107167)
Cleveland, Ohio - Replication of experi-
ments claiming to demonstrate excess heat
production in light water Ni-K,CO, elec-
trolytic cells was found to produce an ap-
parent excess heat of 11 W maximum, for
60 W electrical power into the cell. Power
gains ranged from 1.06 to 1.68. The cell
was operated at four different de current
levels plus one pulsed current run at 1 Hz,
10% duty cycle.
"Normal Temperature" FUSION in CHINA
Prof. Xing Zhong Li Dept. of Physics, Tsinghua Univ Beijing, China
(continued from page 10)
Since we had very little financial support, and we be-
lieved at that time that the nuclear signals should be commensurate with the
"excess heat;" then, the nuclear methods had higher research funding priority
than the calorimetric methods. Gradually, we understood that "Thunder with-
out Lightning" might be the feature of this "cold fusion" phenomenon, and the
conventional nuclear signals might not be commensurate with the excess heat.
So the calorimetric measurement might be the more suitable technique to
identify this phenomenon.
The preliminary results showed that there were
some features which could be explained as the evidenceof the "excess heat"
(the turning point in the cooling curve, the sudden change of the temperature,
etc.); however, more careful work is necessary before it becomes compelling
evidence.
The electrical discharge work has been improved since the Nagoya
conference. Although the neutron energy was found to be 2,45 MeV (normal),
the yield of neutrons was still found to be higher than normal (abnormal). In
order to reduce the yield of the normal neutron, a careful study on electrical
discharge was done to identify a set of operation parameters with which the
abnormal neutron yield became more apparent. A new set of Si-Li detectors
was used to refine the X-ray detection. A fine structure of X-ray spectrum was
found definitely, and the difference between the discharge in deuterium gas
and in hydrogen gas has been identified (the energy and the intensity of the X-
ray for Nb-D system was higher than that for Nb-H system).
An interesting "X-ray radiation after death" was found after shutdown of
the electrical glow discharge, It may last as long as 1,000 seconds. More care-
ful work should be done before any possible explan- ation on this phenome-
non is given. But the similarity to "heat after death" surprised all the
attendees. A careful theoretical study was done to analyze the X-ray spec-
trum. It was found that among the nearly 200 spectra, about 100 spectra were
abnormal. None of the applicable theories could explain the strange features in
the X-ray spectrum. It was considered as evidence of the abnormality in the
electrical discharge tube. A calorimetric measurement was done with the elec-
trical discharge tube. A sudden change of the slope of the cooling curve
(temperature versus time) was found in a series of discharges with different
electrodes and gases. Ni-H system had been studied with the emphasis on "ex-
cess heat," however, a different conclusion was found. Although the Italian re-
sults had been reproduced, different explanations were given about this similar
phenomenon. Based on the new explanation, the caretul work proved that the
"excess heat" in the Ni-H system disappeared.
The gas-loading technique had been studied for more than five years in
China in combination with the nuclear signal detection. At this symposium, a
preliminary study on "excess heat" in a gas-loading system introduced inter-
esting discussion. Since the "heat after death" phenomenon and other gas-
loading experiments in Italy and in India revealed the possibility of observing
the excess heat in a gas-loading facility, the advantages of being more cost ef-
fective, and safer in a gas-loading system became attractive. Besides, it had
the feature of accumulating the reaction products in the reaction vessel which
might be detected later, after a long period of operation. A pair of twin sys-
tems had been manufactured to see the difference between the deuterium-
palladium system and hydrogen-palladium system. A sharp contrast had been
observed already. More results were expected after further operations.
Reactor and Controt Vessels containing several kilometers of
nickel wire cathode, and a platinum anode.
The 28 liter cell used in these verification test was on loan from
a private corporation whose own tests with similar cells are docu-
mented to produce 50W steady excess heat for a continuous period
exceeding hundreds of days.
The apparent excess heat can not be readily explained either
in terms of nonlinearity of the cell's thermal conductance at a low
temperature differential or by thermoelectric heat pumping. How-
ever, the present data do admit efficient recombination of dissolved
hydrogen-oxygen as an ordinary explanation. Calorimnetry meth-
ods and heat balance calculations for the verification tests are de-
scribed. Considering the large magnitude of benefit if this effect is
found to be a genuine new energy source, a more thorough inves-
tigation of evolved heat in the nickel-hydrogen system in both elec-
trolytic and gaseous loading cells remains warranted.
COMING ISSUES:
COLD FUSION TIMES
What do you know about
Lavoisier and the
incredible rich history of
South American
platinum metallurgy?
Astonishing technology.
Stay tuned.
8996.
WINNER
PARKER&JAMES
COMMUNICATIONS
(617) 320-0061
email: parkjame@world.std.com
The COLD FUSION TIMES needs your subscription, and support.
It is the only cold fusion journal which is devoted exclusively to the material,
economic, and intellectual property issues of loading isotopic fuel - a hydrogen
isotope - into a material used to produce uscful energy. © JET Technology

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1261, "chars": 8579, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION
TECHNOLOGIES
(continued from page 3)
unseen ionization or polarization in matter, the spin does
develop kinetic energies from an electrical coupling with outer space by the
phase-lock of a quantum synchronization with the surrounding aether, The ki-
netic energy obtained with low electrical input power amounts to more than a
billion joules per cubic meter -- thus providing an over-unity prospect. By re-
generating the spin condition cyclically, one can access aether energy at a
power rate determined by the pulse frequency and the physical volume of the
'vacuum spin' form, Independent experiments, and relationship to the so-
called N-machine will be discussed,
Brown's Gas_ A. Michrowski & Van Rhee
There is a demand for the design and realization of healthy, autonomous ener-
gy homes. The proposed modality for the safe supply of energy uses a solar
energy system generating DC power for a stoichiometric 2:1 proportion hy-
drogen/oxygen gas (Brown's Gas) generating electrolytic cells. This gas gen-
erates and stores electrical power, feeds heating and cooling systems and
provides clean water. This combination involves a relatively mature and safe
technology and is available at present.
The Beltrami Vector Field - Donald Reed
An exploration of the Beltram vortex topology derived from the annals of hy-
drodynamics and electrodynamics of the 19th century - as a possible arche-
type for the primordial electromagnetic vacuum fields of space.
significance of this topology is under-scored in the contra-rotating non-linear
vortex filaments discovered in plasma focus research. It is argued that chiral
Beltram morphology may be universal in microscopic quantum phenomena as
well as macroscopic plasma levels. A new classical model for the self-action
of the electromagnetic field, devoid of standard divergences attendant with
QED analysis is surveyed, incorporating the Beltram vortex morphology.
Hardronic Energy
Ruggero Maria Santilli
Outline of the new, subnuclear, clean Hadronic energy, and indications
these new forms of energy generally contain the principles for recycling nu-
clear waste. The basis of the relativistic hadronic mechanics (RHM) is a
quantitative representation of interactions due to mutual wave overlappings,
which are nonlinear (in the wavefunction), nonlocal and nonpotential. They
are therefore outside the domain of relativistic Quantum Mechanics. Impor-
tantly, nonlinear, nonlocal and nonpotential interactions can produce attrac-
tion among particles, i.e. nuclei or atoms of the same charge - a fact already
established in the proton-proton bonding in the nuclear structure, supercon-
ductivity, and chemical bonding. RHM is expected to provide quantitative
treatments of cold fusion and other new energy technologies, including RHM
providing a rigorous explanation of how cold fusion processes can be initiated
even against repulsive Coulomb barriers.
New Scientist May 25,1996 Washington Watch
COLD fusion is the scientific embarrassment that won't go
away. A small band of researchers across the US still tend their
cold fusion cells, carefully noting how much electrical power
goes in and how much heat comes out. Some are sponsored by
Japanese research establishments, others are financed by private
Disregarding the scorn of the international physics
community, they insist that their experiments still produce more
heat than any chemical reaction could explain. Recently, several
scientists at the renowned Naval Research Laboratory in Wash-
ington DC became intrigued by the experiments. They invited a
few of the cold fusion researchers to present their work at the
NRL. But, hearing of the meeting, higher-ranking officials at the
laboratory sensed a PR fiasco in the making. They decided that
cold fusion was still too hot to handle and banned media inter-
views with NRL scientists on the subject. The cold fusion meet-
ing went on as scheduled, but inquiring reporters were informed
that scientists at the NRL "had nothing to say" on the topic.
[thanks to Chris Tinsley and Arthur C. Clarke]
COLD FUSION WRITER AT MIT
Cambridge, MA - Congratulations Gary Taubes, author of "Bad Sci-
ence: The Short Life and Weird Times of Cold Fusion" who is one of
eight jouralists awarded the auspicious 1996-1997 Knight Fellow-
ships at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. This honor was
originally named the Vannevar Bush Fellowships
(inaugurated in 1983), but changed in 1987 when
the Knight Foundation (Florida) became the princi-
pal sponsor.
Judges included Jerry Bishop and
five other editors, correspondents and reporters.
Eight Journalists Awarded
Knight Fellowships. IMIT. IechTalk - May 8, 19961
Newspaper and magazinere ener
• Gary A. Taubos, 40, of New York:
ofscience, medicine and thoenvl.
City, contibuting conespondent to
ronment from across the United Statts
Science magazinc and author of Nobel :
will join colleagues from Germany and
Dreams and Bad Science: The Short'
Japan on September 1 as the 1996-97
Life and Weird Times of Cold Fusion.
Knight Scicnce Joumalism Fellows at
The Fellows will be the 14th group!
of visiting scicoce jonmalists under a
The Journalists will spend nine
prograt inaugurated in 1983 as the
inonths at the Institute in group and
Varnever Bush Fellowships. Thename
individual study. Among their group
was changed in 1987 when the John S.
áctivitics will be several Field trips and
and James L. Knight Foundation of
approximately 55 seminars with faculty
Miami became principal sponsor. The
membersontecent deyclopments in sci-
program is an activity of the Program
ence, lecinology, medicine and the et-
in Scienco, Technology and Society in
vironment. The new Fellows will be:
MIT's School of Humanities and So-
William EL Allen, 44, science writer
cial Science,
at the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
Inchumber of Fellowssclocled for
Nancy R. Bazilchuk, 39, enviton-
the program new totals 145, represents
ment and scicnce writer at The
ing 26 states, the District of Columbia
Burlinglon Free Press in Vermont
and 15 foreigo countries. Two Fellows
Madeline Drexier, 41, of Water-
have come from Australia, two from
town, medical columnist, The Bostor
Brazil, three from Italy, three from
Globe Magazine.
Poland, four from Carada, nine from
Ruth C. Flenagar, 31, pitMadison
Germany and 13 from Japar.
WI, contributing editor for Earthmaga
Finalist interviews were conducted
Ine.
at MIT on April 26 and 27. The 1996
Mark A Grossi, 42, environment
Sclection Committer for the Knight
reparter at Ine Fresno Bee in Califor.
Fellowships was: Jerty E.
Bishop,
nia, a McClatchy newspaper.
deputy nows editor at The Wall Street
Journal; Deborah Fitzgerald, associate
Carola Hanisch, 24, editor, crchoty,
social affals and scicnce for Markische
professor of the history of technology
at MIT, Ana Gibbons, contributing
Allgemeing, Polsdam, Germany.
corespondent to Science magazine;
Asako Murakatni, 32, environmeni
Robert Lee Hotz, scince reporter at
staff writer on the national news dest
the Los Angeles Times, and Kathy
of Tire Japan Times;, Tokyo..
_ - Sawyer, science and space reporter at
The Washington Post
June 9, 1996
Open Letter to President Vest:
Certain individuals within MIT have covered up the
science field of cold fusion since 1989.
These people
continue to play havoc locally to alumni or professors
who work in this field, and nationally interfere with its de-
velopment.
Harassment has included sabotaging normal teaching of the subject
during AP, ignoring requests made to the Presidential Office to correct this rele-
vart, matter, and possibly two attempts at stopping publications which are favor-
able to, or relate to, this field.
Is it MIT's choice to continue its name in association with a paper which de-
serves to be redacted? Or must MIT wait until history's Congressional Hearings
note that nothing was done? Instead of correcting the matter, instead of even al-
Iowing discussion, to the consternation of scientists, engineers, alumni, and stu-
dents, some staffers in President Vest's Office and others who took part in the cold
fusion cover-up now have more clout than apparently does either TRUTH itself, or
MIT alumni or Professors within MIT knocking upon the "locked door" of the
President's Vest's Office.
We believe MIT should correct this matter and thereby rescue its reputation
immediately. Continued denial by those in the Institute who know of this matter,
coupled with a choking off of free thought and even classes involving this matenal
and nuclear science and engineering is simply not acceptable.
Several concerned MIT Alumni

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1337, "chars": 8697, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD
FUSION
TIMES
ENGINEERING AND MATERIALS
VIEW TOWARD COLD FUSION
JET Tectrology d
We have reported scores of
reports confirming these systems for
several years. Now in this issue there
is confirmation from NASA, from
EPRI, from Los Alamos, and others.
This brief excerpt from the Claylor
paper
will corroborate
what our
readers have known for several years.
TRITIUM PRODUCTION FROM
A LOW VOLTAGE DEUTERIUM
DISCHARGE ON PALLADIUM
T. N. Claytor, D. D. Jackson and D. G. Tuggle
Los Alamos National Laboratory
Los Alamos, NM - Over the past year we have been able to demon-
strate that a plasma loading method produces an exciting and unexpected
amount of tritium from small palladium wires. In contrast to electrochemical
hydrogen or deuterium loading of palladium, this method yields a reproducible
tritium generation rate when various electrical and physical conditions are met.
Small diameter wires (100 - 250 microns) have been used with gas pressures
above 200 tor at voltages and currents of about 2000 V at 3-5 A. By carefully
controlling the sputtering rate of the wire, runs have been extended to hundreds
of hours allowing a significant amount (> 10's nCi) of tritium to accumulate.
We will show tritium generation rates for deuterium-palladium foreground runs
that are up to 25 times larger than hydrogen-palladium control experiments us-
ing materials from the same batch. We will illustrate the difference between
batches of annealed palladium and as received palladium from several batches
as well as the effect of other metals (Pt, Ni, Nb, Zi, V, W, Hf) to demonstrate
that the tritium generation rate can vary
greatly from batch to batch. We will report
on our tritium generation results from a pal-
Jadium wire-plate configuration subjected to
periodic pulsed deuterium or hydrogen plas-
ma. This configuration is reproducible with-
in a batch and
produces a measurable
amount of tritium in a few days. As in other
work in this area, it has been found that the
output is very batch dependent and sensitive
to material impurities that prevent hydrid-
ing. As in our previous work1,3, all tritium
data was obtained from several batches of
100 or 250 micron wire and 250 micron
Dr. N. Claytor
thick plate from J&M or Goodfellow metals.
In these experiments most of the tritium data
was obtained with on-fine tritium gas monitors. Several times, the gas was oxi-
dized and tested with a scintillation counter.
Some have criticized the detec-
tion of tritium because the signals seem to be (a) insignificant, (b) tritium is
ubiquitous, and (c) the palladium metal is subject to possible tritium contam-
ination. The magnitude of the signals discussed in this paper are multi-sigma
and are sometimes over a hundred times the tritium background in the supply
gas, Furthermore, the rate of tritium evolution in the sealed system may be the
most sensitive and rapid indicator of anomalous nuclear behavior in deuterided
metals.
The procedure for a plasma run was to first fill the 3.1 liter loop with deuterium gas at
600 tor and obtain a measure of the initial background tritium concentration. With the loop
drift rate measured, the deuterium was circulated through the cell to slowly hydride the sam-
ple. The pressure in the cell and the loop was then lowered to the operating pressure by
pumping the excess deuterium out. 'The wire was pulsed negatively, at 20 ms at 50 Hz, with
currents between 2 and 5 A, voltages that varied from 1500 to 2500 V, and cell pressure of
300 torr. These conditions reduced the heating in the cell and maintained a cell to ambient
temperature difference of less than 25°C to avoid gross dehydriding of the wire and piate. It
appeared important to avoid a plasma condition that resulted in either a bright pink electron
channel or arcing at the tip of the wire. After a few hours of plasma operation the voltage-
current stabilized, presumably due to the formation of small cones (10-20 microns high) all
over the surface of the wire. After 20 hours, palladium was visibly sputtered onto the plate.
The sputter rate at 300 torr, 3.5 A, was about - 2: Angstroms/s. The cell pressure was moni-
tored, and if it did not drop after 24 hours (indicating hydriding), then a small amount of CO
(0,75% by vol) was added, which would initiate hydriding.... If the reading was steady and
CO, was added, then the gas was circulated through the liquid nitrogen cold trap to collect
any water and determine if any tritialed water was present. The system was then pumped
out, the cell closed off, and fresh deuterium added to the system after a couple of flushes
with either fresh deuterium or air. The difference between the fresh deuterium and the deute-
rium reading after exposure to the plasma was used as the measure of the tritium content.
(continued next page)
EPRI REPORT ON NUCLEAR
PROCESSES IN DEUTERATED METALS
(continued from page 1) measured to an accuracy of approximately 0.5%. These
excess powers integrated to a total of approximately 0.1 to 1.1 MJ for an ap-
proximate 2.5 g (1/40 mole) palladium cathode. Thus, the excess heats
ranged between 4 to 44 MJ/mole of palladium,
which was well above the
largest known heats of chemical transformation in this or any other metal.
The largest heat of chemical transformation in palladium is to the bromide at
0.9 MJ/mole.
If the integrated excess powers are diluted by the electro-
chemically generated heat during the long initiation periods, net positive heat
balances of 2 to 4% are obtained.
This work confirms the claims of Fleischmann, Pons, and Hawkins of
the production of excess heat in deuterium-loaded palladium cathodes at lev-
els too large for chemical transformation. However, the phenomena were ob-
tained in only about half the cells. From the conditions of loading, initiation
time, and current density on the successful observations of excess heat, it is
understood why the phenomena are so difficult to attain. The conditions in
the successful cells were not entirely under experimental control because the
closed cells siowly leach silica and other materials from the anode and its
supports as well as from the cell walls. This leached material can deposit on
the cathode surface and interfere with the loading process. Also, the palla-
dium purity depended on whatever was available from the manufacturer.
Subsequent research has shown a pronounced batch effect on succes-
sful loading from different shipments of palladium from the same as well as
from different suppliers. It is suspected that metallurgical conditions as well
as impurity content may be the source of this batch effect. The primary ob-
jective of further work on this subject will be to demonstrate which nuclear
reactions, if any, are generating the excess heat. The only way to do this is to
observe in at least roughly quantitative fashion the nuclear reaction products
or "ashes." At this time, it is thought that the most likely ashes will be helium
of mass 4 observable in the vapor phase of closed cells.
The reaction
producing helium needs to be known in order to maximize this excess heat
phenomena for practical uses in the nuclear power industry.
[Ed.- The entire report on this Advanced Nuclear Technology is avail-
able through EPRI and is highly recommended. I
ANNOUNCEMENTS
ICCF-6
October 13 (Sun.) - 18 (Fri.), 1996
• Excess Energy Phenomena in Deuter-
ium/Metal
Theory)
Systems
(Experiments
and
*Corelation Between Excess Energy and
Nuclear Products (Experiments and Theory)
• Nuclear Physics Approsches
* Material Science Studies
* Innovative Approaches
Fax: +81-3-3508-8902
International E-mail: mac@iae.or.jP
COLD FUSION
TIMES
The Journal Of The
Scientific Aspects Of Loading
Isolopic Fuels ino Materials
© 1996 JET Technology
All rights reserved
BROUGHT TO YOU BY THE FIRST
AMENDMENT OF THE UNITED
STATES CONSTITUTION
[The equipment used] one of two stainless steel gas analysis loops containing a 1.8
liter ion gauge and a 310.9 ce calibration volume. The atmospheric, ion gauge and sample
pressure (0,2%), Femotech and room temperatures (0,1°C) are recorded on a computer
log at 60 s intervals. The pressure drop during hydriding of the wire and plate is used as
an approximate indicator of the stoichiometry of the PdD,. Both loops have a heater to
maintain the Femtolech (-0.03 nCi/°C) at a constant temperature, an integral cold trap,
and there are valves that allow the pressurization of the cell independent of the loop. A
two micron filter is installed at the inlet of the ion gauge and at the oulet of the cell to
eliminate spurious responses due to particulates. To eliminate the possibility of oil con-
tamination, a molecular drag and diaphragm pump is used to evacuate the system.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 744, "chars": 5231, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TRITIUM PRODUCTION
(continued from page 6)
A total of 65 plasma wire experiments
were performed, 12 of these were other than
palladium wire and plate. Twenty experiments
were run with multiple wires, usually 3 wires
bundled together, and eight experiments used
- different thickness foils 25 to 125 microns
thick. The balance of the tests were done with
one 250 micron diameter wire and 250 micron
thick plate. Three hydrogen plasma experi-
ments were done with palladium plate and wire
and two were done with platinum wire and
plate. A summary of several background and
foreground experiments is shown in Figure 2.
[Ed. - on front page] The best experiment, pro-
duced 102 nCi.
The basic premise that the detected ioniz-
ing material is tritium is indisputable because,
(a) quantitative measurements agree with the
scintillation counter, (b) the gas may be trans-
ported on a clean palladium bed between differ-
ent ionization systems and produces an
increased readingcommensurate with the de-
crease in tritium concentratio noted in the ini-
tial system, (c) as the pressure is decreased the
tritium signal is seen to decrease (for dry gas)
in a manner consistent with the calibration for a
known level of tritium in deuterium and finally,
(d) the signal shows no diminution over a two
week timeperiod, consistent with the half life of
tritium.
Three types of contamination of the wire
are possible; the first is just surface contamina-
tion due to atmospheric or liquid exposure to
tritium, the second type might be a distributed
impurity, and the third would be a spot contam-
ination.
To avoid surface contamination,
we
thoroughly clean and polish the palladium sur-
face prior to each run, if it were still present, a
surface contaminant would be immediately evi-
dent when the wire was introduced to the analy-
sis loop and deuterided, but we have not seen
evidence for this type of contamination. We at-
tribute the residue and smoke seen from some
of the wires to entrained lubricant due to draw-
ing the wire. This lubricant tends to be drawn
out and smeared throughout the length of the
wire, which implies tritium contaminated oil
should be detected in long sections of the wire.
However, wires that showed obvious high lev-
els of oil contamination did not show tritium,
and we did not observe a large tritium signal
when the wire was heated and the oil suddenly
evolved. Similarly, the dark spots are present
after simply heating the wire to 600°C but there
is no evidence for tritium release at tempera-
tures as high as 850°C.
An indicator that the tritium originated in
the cells is that the output was sensitive to the
metallurgical condition of the palladium, Palla-
dium wire annealed in air showed a lower out-
put than as received wire. Likewise palladium
wite stress relieved but not annealed showed a
similar (about a factor of 3) reduction in out-
put. This could be interpreted as a release of tri-
tium if it was contamination, however, then the
tritium would have been easily detected in the
heating controls. In sample #4, that showed sig-
nificant tritium output, post heating (250°C) of
the palladium wire released 12, 4nCi of tritium.
continued next page)
JET Technology O
FOR THE WORLD
(More Information -- See Pages 2 And 3 Too)
COLD FUSION
TIMES
BROUGHT TO YOU BY
THE FIRST AMENDMENT
OF THE UNITED STATES
CONSTITUTION!
8
:
Subscribe Now To..
ELECTRIFYING TIMES
Interational Coverage of:
• Electric Racing Events
New Propulsion Technology
Z Over Unity -- Antigravity
Z Latest Battery Technology
D) Company Profiles
3 issues per year for only SIO
- Affordable Advertising -
63600 Deschutes Rd Bend, OR 97701
(503) 388-1908 FAX (360) 693-4408
The Horld
A Public Information Urality
Software Tool 8 Die
1330 Beacon Street, Suite 215
Brookline, Massachusetts 02146
office@world.std.com
617-739-0202
Authors, scientists, writers, inventors, en-
trepreneurs, consultants, economists, futu-
rists - you're invited to submit manuscripts
for consideration for publication in the
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
[Your diskette is helpful, or e-mail to mica(@hyorld.std.com]
There is NO publication with
higher information density in this field
JET Energy
Technology
Series 95 Multiring™ Calorimeters
(35 cc. 4t021) chip. 3.5 mW scufutivity)
(450 cє, 680441 chip, 0,5 mW sensithily)
Series 96 Multiring™ Calorimeters
(1511-4501 cE. Pentium 133 MHz chip, 1.0t ml sensitivity)
1280 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(rB020 chip, 1t nano-1011.35 Ampere drive)
1200 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(6801) chip, I micro- ta M.13 Ampere drive)
T-NOTCH™ Nickel Generator and Software
5-3.5 Watt Light Water System
-NOTCH™-Tested Nickel Electrodes
2312
ned 1,05 І.7 сост)
Spectroscopic Analysis:
Macerating Multiring™M Calorimeters.
N-NOTCH* Nickel Reactors
Specimen Testing & Certification.
Integral
Thermal
Spectrogram*
Nickel
Sample
and
Control
Resistor
JET Energy Technology
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
JOURNAL OF
NEW ENERGY
Low Energy Nuclear Changes
Symp. Proceedings in Issue #1
1(801) 583-6232
More detailed analyses are available.
Technical reports on the Patterson
device, on cold fusion, on material
and material processing.
Write the COLD FUSION TIMES
Technical Reports Dept.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1218, "chars": 7661, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
** WHAT'S HAPPENIN' **
CF MOVIE FIELD HEATS UP!
Prof Keith Johnson's Film Competes
HOLLYWOOD,
CA; CAMBRIDGE,
MA - As reported previously in
the COLD
FUSION TIMES,
MIT Professor Keith
Johnson
has steadfastly
continued pro-
duction
on his
film:
"Excess
Heat". But suddenly, there is
bigtime competition.
At least
two "cold fusion" genre films
now exist.
Keanu Reeves appears in the
MIt Professor Keith Johnson continues his computations first competing
action
film
on theoretical material science,
("Excess Hear"), and other interests in this pose for Jo-
movie productions called "Chain Reaction" directed
seph Mont, TAB Staff Writer (5/29/96)
by Andrew Davis (The Fugi-
rive). In the movie, Reeves plays
an undergraduate (Eddie Kasaliyich) who also works as a machinist/inven-
tor in the school's physics lab wherein he makes an invention involving "a
new and cheap method of seperating water into oxygen and hydrogen using
¿ electricity" to ultimately ex-
tract hydrogen energy from
water - pollution free and
cheap.
Chain Reaction (initially en-
titled Drop Dead might to
some appear as "knock-off" of
Keith Johnson's Excess Heat,
with explosions, chase, and
cover-up.
Only in Chain
Keanu and his agent Rachel stand near their cold fusion
Reaction, cold fusion itself
apparatus (oblong tank is where the hydrogen energy/fu-
seems
not-too transparently
sion occurs) during their nonstop chase across the US after
disguised, recalled "sonolumi-
being framed for murder!
Keeru Charles Reeves (a.k.a.
nescence".
The viewer is
Chuck Spidena), born in Beirut ('64) to a geologist, is now
in Amsterdam is playing a bass guitar with his pop band
asked to suspend reality and
Dugstar.
"The Wail" (his nickname) is back to his long
science as the film purports
haired image predating "A Walk In The Clouds",
"Juhunry
that
Miemonic, and Speed'. To prepare" for his role, Kea-
"sonolumninescence
nu "spent some time with some physicists". No word on
creates vast amounts of light
whether any were in cold fusion itself, so one can only pre- energy from the bombardment
sume Kexnu heard the "hot fusion" side.
of sound waves through water".
As in real life, the 'bad guys' simply do not want the world to know
about this, but keep the invention for themselves. To this end, they pursue
Keanu and his top physiciss aide, English Lily Sinclair (played by Rachel
Weisz), across the country after framing them for murder after the laborato-
ry is destroyed by an explosion.
20th Century Fox plans a July 3Ist re-
lease.
In the meantime, highly pubicized previews with the Summer
block-buster "Independance Day" are already drawing rave crowds. Props
for CHAIN REACTION (outdated laboratory equipment) were reportedly
bought for $10,000 from the basement equipment stash at the University of
Illinois.
Surprisingly, the film has received more attention and interest in Science
than have the quality positive papers about this field by the same magazine.
"Researchers still have much to leam about sonoluminescence, a phenomenon in which small amounts
of light are produced when sound waves are sent through water...In the film, Reeves watches, awe-
struck, as an electrified container of bub-
bling water puts out enough energy to run
the world.
Real-ile scientists have found
that the manipulation of sound frequencies
can generate a stable bubble in water that
may be as hot as 1 million Kelvin. But mak-
ing the leap to usable energy production is a
lot more problematic than Reeves makes it
appear.
If the film's premise is off the wall,
the producers have at least taken pains to
provide other dimensions of authenlicity. ..
Joseph Young, a physics graduate student at
the University of Chicago who picked up a
quick $1000 for 3 days of work as science
adviser for the film."
[Science, 19 April 1996]
What
care
first? Neither
the
chicken nor the egg are candidates.
But the scripts of Excess Heat and
Chain Reaction look similar in several
regards. Ignoring the murders, cover-
up, etc, the 20th Cent. Fox release in-
dicates a system used
for cheap,
pollution free energy from water. To
the right is the script from Jolson
filed several years earlier, and which
may have made its way to 20th Cent.
Fox.
Sound familiar, Art Buchwald?
NEWS from the INTERNET
Summer '96
TRITIUM PRODUCTION (Continued From Page 8)
The fact that such high concentrations can be left in the palladium sug-
gests that the process is near but not at the surface. The pulse length is suffi-
cient for the diffusion of 200 Angstroms (10 ms pulse length) into the
palladium. Then the tritium may be released when the surface layer of the
palladium is sputtered by the energetic plasma. This would indicate that the
tritium was in a 15 to 30 micron layer on the 250 micron in diameter wire.
The fact that a significant amount of tritium shows up as (after the addition
of CO,) TDO is also indicative of a near surface reaction. Dendrites and aspi-
rates (up to 20 microns high) on the surface of the palladium have been
suggested2 as possible tritium formation sites....
We have found that the tritium output depends on the temperature,
pressure and current applied to the cells. Yet, the tritium yield is most sensi-
tive to the purity and metallurgical condition of palladium used in the experi-
ments. Various tests for tritium contamination confirm that there is no initial
tritium contamination in the powder, foil, wire or other materials used in this
study. CO2 additions had a remarkable effect on the production of tritium by
these cells and the effect seems to be related to and enhancement of the hy-
driding of the palladium.
It appears that very pure palladium is more effec-
tive than impure palladium in producing tritium. Based on our impurity
analysis of the material we cannot identify a difference in concentration of a
single impurity that is important to either include or exclude from the palla-
dium. This is partialiy a morphological or metallurgical issue involving dis-
locations since we have seen a reduced output from annealed or stress
relieved palladium when compared to as received palladium from the same
batch. However, palladium that has been hydrided and dehydrided must al-
ways be annealed to reactivate it. The fact that most of the tritium is evolved
promptiy to the gas, yet significant amounts are found in the palladium sug-
gest that the process is near but probably not at the surface.
beatrical Cun
OP-ED COLUMN - LETTERS
"Thanks for sending me the issus of Cold Fusion Times. Just for
clarification, in vol 3, no. I on p.5 you quote me regarding a rule of thumb.
A better statement would have been:
"A USEFUL RULE OF THUMB IS THAT IF THE SOLID IS COLORED
OR BLACK, IT PROBABLY WON'T BE A GOOD ELECTROLYTE.
A
BLACK COLOR STONGLY SUGGESTS THAT THERE IS A SIGNIFICANT
ELECTRONIC CONDUCTIVITY. SINCE A GOOD ELECTROLYTE RE-
QUIRES THAT THE ELECTRONIC COMPONENT OF THE CONDUCTIVITY
BE MUCH LESS THAN THE IONIC COMPONENT, THIS MATERIAL
WOULD NOT BE PRACTICAL AS AN ELECTROLYTE.*
In principle, it could still be a good ionic conductor even if biack;
however, the electronic component would be expected to be high as well.
In this case, this material would probably best be considered a mixed (ion
and electron) conductor and not an clectrolyte."
Hope this is useful.
Alona, Bruce Liebert Honolulu, Hawaii
Editor: Thanks. This Correction is duly noted.
WORLD WIDE WEB SOURCES
ON COLD FUSION
• COLD FUSION TIMES home page:
http://world.std.com/-mica/cft.html
• Jon Logajan's home page:
http://www.skypoint.com/members/jlogajan
• Infinise Finergy home page:
http://www.mit.edu8001/people/rei/CFdir/CFhome.html
http://ourworlc.compuserve.com/homepages/JedRothwell/

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 462, "chars": 2991, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
!
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE HAS GONE BEFORE
COLD FUSION TIMES
Volume 4 Number 3
Summer 1996
© 1996
ISSN #1072-2874
to the Natural Science Foundation in China and the State Science and
MORE REPORTS:
Technology Commission. Based on this suggestion, a special fund was set
News and Developments from Califor-
up to support this research." The following important excerpt from New
nia, Washington, D.C., Illinois, Massa-
Energy News [Vol. 3, No. 10, April 1996] reviews the meeting.
chusetts, New Mexico, Rhode Island,
Texas, Utah, China, England, France,
India, Japan, Netherlands, Russia, Sri
Lanka, United Kingdom. Plus copious
material science and engineering news.
Much has been going on.
'NORMAL TEMPERATURE" FUSION
SCIENCE NEWS FROM CHINA
(Prof. Xing Zhong Li Dept. of Physics, Tsinghua Univ
Beijing, China - The terminology "Normal Temperature Nu-
clear Fusion" reflected the Chinese view about the "cold fusion"
phenomena! Most of us believe that it is a kind of nuclear fusion
reaction, but it happens in the "normal temperature." In the Chinese
We have reported scores of reports confirming cold fusion systems for language,
"Normal Temperature" means that it is not high tempera-
several years.
Now in this issue there is additional corroboration from ture (as high as that in the "hot fusion"); it is not low temperature
NASA, EPRI, Los Alamos, and the March 1996 "normal temperature nu- (as low as that in the cryogenics for low temperature super conduc-
clear fusion" symposium held in China. This meeting was the latest in a se- tor).
There were about 30 conferees attending this symposium.
ries of Chinese symposia on cold fusion. This one reviewed the progress of Among them were the sponsors from the State Science and
a special fund established by the State (Chinese) Science and Technology
Technology Commission, and the Natural Science Foundation in
Commission, and the Natural Science Foundation (China) to support cold
fusion. Why the support? As Prof. Li has noted, "There are a lot of Chinese
China, a few senior scientists, the leaders of each research group,
scientists who do not think there would be any chance for this phenomenon.
and some participants from each group. About one third of them
They have not looked at any of the data since November 1989, and they
were young graduate students and post-doctors. A major feature of
veto any proposal on this research. Since the Natural Science Foundation in
this symposium was that the "excess heat" detection appeared in al-
China operates on the basis of vote, it has been very difficult for "cold fu- most every research group. In the past five years, Chinese scientists
sion" research to win the vote. However, a few judicious senior scientists paid more attention to nuclear signals (the charged particle detec-
with high reputation became aware of this situation, and made a suggestion tion, neutron, X-ray, and Gamma ray).
(continued page 5)
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA USA 02181
TO:
