{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T15:57:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1675456, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119249-altruism-sustainability-floyd-sweet-file.pdf", "source_sha256": "2e99f0aad24afeecc63bfa87df3bc2687c012a3f5c7354ef6b8201e0d3f592e1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 2554, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Floyd Sweet
Page 1 of 6
Prace-BOCAF
Altruism
Sustainability
Free Energy Technology
Zero Point Energy
Online University
Free Energy Suppression
Alternative Medicine
Magnetic
Generator?
$49
Eliminate Your
Power Bill
Easy Do It
Yourself.
Great
Discount Now!
• °
Affiliates
Your ad here?
HOME
Summary of
commercial
devices
Fuel Saving-
Pollution
Reduction
Hidro Free Energy
System
ree Energ
onference
Patents
John Bedini
Viktor
Schauberger
esla - Eri
Dollar
Wilhelm Reich
MRA - EVGray
Buckminster
Fuller
Joseph Newman
Xogen
Mevers water cell
Veliko Milkovic
Depalma - Tewari
Focus Fusion
Floyd Sweet
Larating
Solar Net
Metering
Muller Power
Lutec
NEC'S TOD 100
John Searl
Drought relief
GEET
Eneray by Motion
M.E.G
Wang Shum Ho
Steorn
Hydroxy Gas
RESEARCH
PROJECTS
ACTIVISM
CONTACT
LINKS
PLEASE DONATE
Floyd Sweet
Since April the 30th 1987 Floyd Sweet has had a device to enull our dependance
on fossil fuels. Like most of the R and D principles mentioned in this section, Floyd
sweet's device can also be catagorised in the energy suppression section.
Tom Beardon has perosnally witnessed and video taped the device working.
Scene taken from the video
Referance links:
Link
Link
Link
Google Video -Floyd Sweet secrets: free energy using Vacuum Triode
Amplifier
Since this public disclosure many open source (under resourced) engineers are
attempting to replicate these findings. Currently this web site is engagued in the
VTA research and development
Ve are dedicating resources to replicating Floyd Sweets Vacuum Triode Amplifie
loyd named his invention the Space Quantum Modulator but was later rename
to the Vacuum Triode Amplifier by Tom Bearden. This will be an on going project
and we hope to get some good results out of the project.
All information will be public domain and public feed back is encouraged.
The project will consist of pictures Video updates and diagrams all there for the
public and in the future we can look forward to sustaining ourselves with electricity
and not polluting our planet and slowly killing ourselves with oil.-end
Back round on Sweet and the device
Floyd Sweet - Solid-State Magnet Pioneer
"There is suppression launched against any free-energy inventor who succeeds or
Bob Mary
Ecowatts-Thermal
Roto Verter
ALN Labs
Sweet was not a man whose technical claims could be easily dismissed by critics.
Sweet's story is important for three reasons. First, creditable witnesses saw his
invention convert the invisible energy of space into useable amounts of electric
http://www.panacea-bocaf.org/floydsweet.htm
10/12/2015

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 587, "chars": 3571, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Floyd Sweet
Page 2 of 6
EV1 Electric Car
Testatika device
Compressed Air
power without fuel, batteries, or connection to an outlet. Second, he was
subjected to the same kinds of harassment that the inventors we met in Part I had
's, some of whom may we
produce a useful stationary-magn et device.
FLOYD SWEET AND MAGNETS
Who reced ho biting and is emigrates an her acted pers,
such as a small Tesla coil (see Chapter 2) energized by a Model T spark plug.
When Sweet was eighteen, a family friend helped him find work at the nearby
General Electric plant while he went to college. He got the nickname "Sparky" after
problems.
on intriguing magnetics projects. That line of research fascinated him. In 1969, he
obtained a master's degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
By the mid-1970s, Sweet and his wife, Rose, had moved to the Los Angeles area
to enjoy semiretirement. Besides serving as one of GE's preferred consultants,
Sweet designed electric equipment for other customers.
Floyd Sweet was more than a professional scientist who worked with magnets. He
had a passion for magnetism, and for the concept that the entire universe is
permeated with a magnetic field. Once he fully retired in the early 1980s, he
would have happily spent many hours each day building a device that could tap
into the energy of that magnetic field. But Rose fell ill, and was an invalid for the
last seven years of her life. This demanded Floyd's attention and forced him to dip
into their savings. He also had to cope with his own ill health, including a period of
near blindness. Despite these problems, he worked on his device when not
preparing meals and tending to his wife's needs.
SWEET'S VACUUM TRIODE AMPLIFIER: DEFYING CONVENTION
For decades, new-energy researchers talked about the possibility of treating a
magnet so that its magnetic field would continuously shake or vibrate. On rare
occasions, Sweet saw this effect, called self-oscillation, occur in electric
transformers. He felt it could be coaxed into doing something useful, such as
producing energy. Sweet thought that if he could find the precise way to shake or
disturb a magnet's force field, the field would continue to shake by itself. It would
be similar to striking a bell and having the bell keep on ringing.
As usual, Sweet-who said his ideas came to him in dreams turned for inspiration to
his expertise in magnets. He knew magnets could be used to produce electricity,
as we learned in Chapter 4, and wanted to see if he could get power out of a
magnet by something otner than the standard induction process. That process
involves either moving a magnet past a wire coil a coil of conductive wire, such as
copper or moving a coil through the field of a magnet. This changing magnetic
field causes an electric current to flow in the copper wire.
While the breeze itself isn't moving back and forth, it sets the leaf into that kind of
motion. Sweet thought that if space energy, discussed in Chapter 4, could be
captured to serve as the breeze, then the magnetic field would serve as the leaf.
Sweet would just have to supply a small amount of energy to set the magnetic
field in motion, and space energy would keep it moving.
By 1985, he had come up with a set of specially conditioned magnets, wound with
wires. To test his device, Sweet discharged a current into the wire coil around the
magnet. As a result, the coil disturbed the magnet's field. It was as if Sweet had
snapped the magnet's Held out of position to set it in motion.
http://www.panacea-bocaf.org/floydsweet.htm
10/12/2015

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 749, "chars": 4558, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Floyd Sweet
Page 3 of 6
Sweet then connected a twelve-volt lightbulb the size used in flashlights to the
coil. If the device was producing electricity, the bulb would light. The results were
more than Sweet expected. A surge of power came out of the coil and there was a
bright flash from the bulb which had received so much power that it melted. Years
later, Sweet remembered that Rose had seen the flash and called out, "What did
you blow up now?"
The inventor was baffled by the dazzling flash of light why so much energy? He
returned to his workbench to make further models. Needing a theory to explain his
startling discovery, he remembered hearing about Thomas Bearden, retired Army
officer and nuclear physicist, and John Bedini, an electronics expert, on a local
radio show. Sweet called Bedini, who arranged for Bearden to visit Sweet.
Bearden saw the curious device pull nearly six watts of electric power out of the air
with only a tiny fraction of a watt going into the machine. Bearden ran tests to his
heart's content, and was delighted to see a little unit embodying the unorthodox
concepts that he had written about over the years, the concepts behind space
energy. He called Sweet's assembly of magnets and wire coils the Vacuum Triode
Amplifier (VTA). Bearden decided that the device was serving as a gate through
which energy from space was being herded into a electric circuit.
The most amazing aspect of Sweet's device was that it put out so much more
power than it took in. How much more? In a 1988 model, Sweet found that 330
microwatts 330 one-millionths of a watt of input power made it possible for the
VTA's wire coils to put out more than 500 watts of usable energy, or about one
and a half million times the input power.
background une at are one very detect elopment.
The VTA turned out to have some very odd effects, but Bearden's research
background prepared him for that. So in 1987, Bearden asked Sweet to perform
an antigravity experiment. Bearden calculated that the six-pound machine would
levitate when about 1,500 watts of power were drawn out of it, but that the
magnets might explode at about the same power level. He warned Sweet to limit
the output to no more than 1,000 watts. A VTA would be placed on a scale so that
its weight could be carefully monitored while it was hooked up to a box of liahibulb
sockets. Screwing bulbs into the sockets would draw off the power.
About a week later, Sweet excitedly read off results over the phone to Bearden
who was home in Alabama as Sweet screwed in ten 100-watt bulbs, one at a time.
The device gradually lost weight until it was down to 90 percent of its origina
Neight. For safety reasons, Sweet and Bearden stopped the experiment before the
device could begin to hover or fly.
Why did the VTA lose weight? According to Bearden's theory, gravity becomes a
pushing force rather than a pulling force under certain conditions. Bearden also
says that space energy has a pressure, referred to as energy density. If the
pressure above an object is decreased while the pressure under the object is
increased, the object will be drawn upwards. The VTA may have changed the
energy density by drawing on space energy.
The technology could sometimes do spooky things. Walter Rosenthal of California,
a test engineer who has helped many struggling inventors test their devices,
recalls an incident that Sweet had told him about.
The incident occurred while Sweet was trying to document his antigravity
experiment: "The machine's weight was observed [to be] decreasing with an
increased load [of lighibulbs], in a quiet orderly fashion, until a point was suddenly
reached when Floyd heard an immense sound, as if he were at the center of a
giant whirlwind but without actual air movement. The sound was heard by Rose in
another room of their apartment and by others outside the apartment."
This experience has been confirmed by a Canadian space-energy researcher, who
heard a similar whirlwind sound during one of his experiments. Another unusual
effect of Sweet's VTA was the fact that it produced cold, instead of the heat
usually generated by electric equipment. The inside of the VTA was as much as
twenty degrees cooler than the surrounding air. The greater the load put on the
device, the cooler it became. When VTA wires were accidentally shorted out, they
flashed with a brilliant burst of light, and were found to be covered with frost.
processes, and by financial entanglements. Sweet had to find magnets that could
http://www.panacea-bocaf.org/floydsweet.htm
10/12/2015

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 698, "chars": 4217, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Floyd Sweet
Page 4 of 6
hold the self-oscillation effect. That required magnets with force fields that didn't
vary much across the face of the magnet.
Also, standard mathematical calculations didn't work with the VTA. In 1991, Sweet
produced a math theory for the VTA an engineering design model that showed
how factors such as the number of turns of wire in the coils affected the device's
behavior. Producing this theory was an important step. Without it, other
Sometimes it was difficult for Sweet to reproduce his own work. As with first
models of any new technology, the VTAs he built were very unreliable. For
example, at times their output went down at night and picked up again during the
day. Sometimes, they just plain stopped working for no apparent reason. But
when the VTA worked, the power it put out for its size was unprecedented.
Sweet Challenges the Laws of Physics
Bearden contributed to the theory that explained Sweet's invention. Much of the
theory that Bearden used to explain how the VTA worked came from advances in
the field of phase conjugate optics, a specialized study of light used by laser
scientists and weapons researchers. Using information from this field, Bearden
said that the VTA was able to amplify the space energy it took in.
The science establishment requires that an invention be explained by accepted
laws of physics, and so much output from so little input seems to violate those
laws, which do not allow for such a thing. However, Sweet and bearden recognized
that these laws apply to ordinary, or closed systems, systems in which you cannot
get more energy out than what you put in. Because the VIA allowed energy to
flow in from the vacuum of space, it was not operating in a closed system, but in
an open one. (See Chapter 1 for a discussion of closed versus open systems.) A
VTA operating in the flow of space energy is like a windmill operating in the wind.
Both receive excess energy from an outside source. But since neither operates m a
closed system, neither violates the laws of physics. In 1991, a paper by Sweet and
Bearden was read at a formal gathering of conventional engineers and physicists
in Boston. Neither Bearden nor Sweet were able to attend Bearden was called
away on business, and Sweet was recuperating from heart surgery. Walter
The paper said that the VTA had the signs of being a true negentropy device, or a
device that was able to turn random space energy into usable electricity (see
Chapter 4). How did this work? It helps to think of a handful of marbles on a
tabletop. You can either roll them all in one direction, or you can scatter them in
all directions. If you scatter the marbles into a reflector, the reflector will roll them
back to you in an orderly fashion. Although the language they used was quite
technical, what Sweet and Bearden basically said is that the VTA was able to take
energy "marbles" and keep rolling them back and forth, building energy as they
After Bearden's paper was read, Walter Rosenthal stood up and startled the
audience of skeptical engineers: "I have personally seen Floyd Sweet's machine
operating. It was running ... those small motors you saw in the video. It was
jump-started with a ninevolt battery. There was no other electrical input
required.... There was no connection to the power line whatsoever." And, no, there
were no moving parts.
Although most of the audience listened politely, it was too much for one
engineering professor. He stalked out of the room, saying, "To present such a
remark at an engineering conference is the height of irresponsibility! It violates
virtually every conceivable concept known to engineers."
SWEET IS THREATENED
uld activity at the Sweet home been secretly watched by strangers? Sweet to
he story of a time in the late 1980s when a man accosted him as Sweet wa
and the fact that he was meet relately dressed. But is the stres of the moment,
Sweet couldn't focus on much else.
What made the inventor nervous was the photograph that the man held, a
photograph showing Sweet at work on his tabletop-model VTA in the supposed
privacy of Sweet's own home. In what Sweet said was a remarkably clear photo,
http://www.panacea-bocaf.org/floydsweet.htm
10/12/2015

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 663, "chars": 3883, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Floyd Sweet
Page 5 of 6
he was sitting in the dining room on the second story of the apartment building
where he lived with Rose.
"He walked me all the way to my building, telling me what would happen to me if I
didn't stop my research, " Sweet recalled.
"How they took that picture through my
contract me ecol me is not end easie one you on ret
Sweet said that afterward he called the FBI in Los Angeles. He believed that two
agents staked out his house for a couple of weeks, but that nothing came of it.
Around the time of the photo incident, Sweet was getting telephone calls an
leath threats from strangers. He said there were "people calling at all hours. Th
lice put a tap on my line and over a six-month period, over 480 calls came
om all parts of the United States. But they were from pay stations." Thus, th
police could never find the callers.
Early in the VTA's development, someone broke into Sweet's apartment and stole
his notes. He then began to code his notes. Sweet temporarily stopped work on his
invention, out of concern for his ill wife. "They must have known I stopped; they
didn't torment me any more."
FOLLOWING IN SWEET'S FOOTSTEPS
On July 5, 1995, Floyd Sweet suffered a fatal heart attack at the age of eighty-
three. A couple of weeks before his death, Sweet said that the automotive industry
was testing his power unit for use in cars, and that they had a unit running for
5,000 hours. He said he was dealing with people at General Motors, but no one
has been able to confirm Sweet's claims.
The VTA itself is bogged down in legal problems. But Tom Bearden, who put much
of his own time and money into the project, hopes that the VTA can be resurrected
so that the world will realize what a pioneer Floyd Sweet was. And despite the
confusion surrounding Sweet's affairs at the time of his death, other researchers
are continuing this line of research.
Confusion and Secrecy
The automotive industrymay not have been the only potential investor that Sweet
was dealing with. At the time of his death, there was some confusion concerning
the rights to Sweet's hardware and papers, held by Sweet's second wife, Violet.
Bearden says that Sweet signed a number of agreements with a number of
backers, and that some of these people have claimed rights to the invention. At
help all parties work towards an agreement.
Despite Bearden's urging, Sweet never had the VTA certified by independent
testing. "He feared that his life would be snuffed out immediately if he even
attempted such a thing," Bearden says. Sweet also frustrated his fellow
researchers by keeping secret his most important process how he conditioned the
magnets that are at the heart of the VTA. Did he pump the magnets with powerfu
electromagnetic pulses to shake up their internal structure? He refused to give
details, and said it wasn't likely that other researchers would learn his secrets:
"The odds against them finding out is like trying to open a safe with 100 dials set
from zero to a hundred, without knowing the combination."
Sweet not only feared for his life, but once said he feared that if he described how
he made his device work, unscrupulous people would build models without giving
him his due. He was also concerned about what would happen if the VTA was
widely sold everywhere at once, replacing many other electric devices. "If it all
came out at once, the stock market would collapses" he said. "The government
doesn't want it." To be fair to Sweet, I would point out that he is not the only
inventor who has been uncomfortable in disclosing key aspects of his work.
Other Researchers and the VTA
Other inventors are trying to carry on Sweet's work. The VTA is well-known on
computer bulletin boards that list "free energy" as a topic of discussion.
Experimenters scramble for details of how the device was built.
http://www.panacea-bocaf.org/floydsweet.htm
10/12/2015

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 331, "chars": 2101, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Floyd Sweet
Page 6 of 6
One researcher who has claimed some success is Don Watson, a self-educated
inventor from Texas. Watson says he has built a working device similar to Sweet's
VTA, which he works on at night after working during the day as a telephone
systems installer.
scientific discovery of [the] greatest importance."
Watson thinks that attempts to reproduce Sweet's results may run into problems
because the type of magnets Sweet used are no longer available. But he says,
"The important point about the VTA is that a form of magnetic instability exists
that can act as a significant energy source."
When this fledgling space-energy science reaches maturity, what could the VTA do
for the lives of the rest of us? Bearden speculates that the new physics will change
our lives in undreamed-of ways:
noxious chemical pollutants.
With practical antigravity, ships can be developed to cross the solar system as
readily as one crosses the ocean today.... The inexhaustible vacuum fills every
system, everywhere, to overflowing."
Despite the difficulties that Sweet ran into in his attempts to perfect his invention,
he helped science take a leap into the future. It perhaps could have leaped
further if he had cooperated more freely with other researchers in the last
decade of his life, and if he had been tidier in his business dealings. But
Sparky Sweet deserves praise for charting a new course.
Research Links
Link
Link
Link
Link
Link
Many engineers possess the capacity to ressurect this technology, and it
is Panacea's goal to assimilate all into a resourced backed environment ir
the Panacea proposed granted research and development center to study
and perfect Floyd sweets technology.
Panacea will pledge grants and engineers support towards this R&D once granted
If you're a member of the public or a scientific group who can aid in grants for the
center or help the the open source engineers communites please contact
Next is techical infomation by Tom Bearden which will be used by panacea to help
up grade existing faculties.
http://www.panacea-bocaf.org/floydsweet.htm
10/12/2015
