{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-18T02:09:57Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 23, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 8661152, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119210-effects-of-distant-intention-on-water-crystal-formation.pdf", "source_sha256": "a4785f9fb906d751729cef0113e94999d8364e7ad04aef81a79cd27b6463d92d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 335, "chars": 2475, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
rlag.
Chapman
roukes, M.
cal Review
usting the
shouldn
1. He was
physical
; (Micro-
antilever
lications.
perature.
minants.
lents and
signals
cillation
eplacing
and the
varming
Radi's replication of Emoto's crystal work
Better controlled.
fic Exploration, Vol. 22, No. 4, pp. 481-493, 2008
Journalet Scankfic Explovation
Effects of Distant Intention on Water Crystal
Formation: A Triple-Blind Replication
DEAN RADIN, ' NANCY LUND,' MASARU EMOTO, AND
TAKASHIGE KIzU?
'Institute of Noetic Sciences
ЧHМ General Institute, Tokyo, Japan
-An experiment tested the hypothesis that water exposed to distant
as affects the aesthetic rating of ice crystals formed from that water.
ee days, 1,900 people in Austria and Germany focused their intentions
water samples located inside an electromagnetically shielded room in
a. Water samples located near the target water, but unknown to the
providing intentions, acted as "proximal" controls. Other samples
outside the shielded room acted as distant controls.
drops formed from samples of water in the different treatment conditions
botographed by a technician, each image was assessed for aesthetic
by over 2,500 independent judges, and the resulting data were analyzed,
dividuals blind with respect to the underlying treatment conditions.
suggested that crystal images in the intentionally treated condition
d as aesthetically more beautiful than proximal control crystals (p =
me-tailed). This outcome replicates the results of an earlier pilot test.
ds: intention-water-consciousness
Introduction
me person's intention affect another person's health from a distance? A
number of clinical studies have investigated this question. Some of
ride positive evidence', others do not?
. To help study this question
one stringent laboratory controls, investigators have also explored
me person's intention can affect another person's nervous system from
From those studies the evidence is clearer. From a meta-analytic
ve the original question can be answered with a tentative yes*.
e, because while the evidence is statistically significant and repeatable,
served effects are small in magnitude, nontrivial to replicate, and theo-
explanations remain speculative.
ase of the complexities associated with studying human health and
gical responses,
still other investigators have aimed towards further
cation by asking whether intention affects properties of water. This
relevant to the question about health because the human body consists
481

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 294, "chars": 2164, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Anoth
*, vol. 23, No. 3, pp. 263-272, 2009
0892-3310/09
RESEARCH:
Exploratory Evidence for Correlations between Entrained
Mental Coherence and Random Physical Systems
DEAN RADIN
Institute of Noetic Sciences
Petaluma, CA 94952-9524
e-mail: dean@roetic.org
F. HOLMES ATWATER
The Monroe Institute
Faber, VA 22938
Abstract—An experiment tested whether mental coherence entrained in groups
sould affect sequences of data generated by truly random number generators
(RNGs) in the vicinity of those groups. Coherence was entrained by having
soups listen to a prescribed series of binaural beat rhythms during a 6-day work-
Shop. Two RNGs based on electronic noise and one on radioactive decay laten-
cies were located in the building where the workshops took place. Random data
seré continually collected from these RNGs during 14 workshops. As controls,
the same RNGs generated data in the same locations and times but during 8
weeks when no workshops took place. Other RNGs in two distant locations were
Iun as additional controls.
An exploratory hypothesis predicted that fluctuations in entrained mental
coherence associated with the workshop activities would modulate the random
data recorded during the workshops. This was predicted to result in positive
cortelations between random data streams collected from one workshop to the
zert Results showed that during the workshops the overall correlation was
positive, as predicted (p = .008); during control periods the same RNGs pro-
duced chance results (p = 74). Random data generated in distant locations also
produced results consistent with chance.
Keywords: field consciousness-random number generator-RNG—mind-
matter interaction
Introduction
Field consciousness experiments study a hypothesized mind-matter interaction
(INI) effect associated with the presence of "mental coherence" in groups
Nelson et al., 1996, 1998; Radin, 1997, 2006). This idea refers to a felt sense
aben individual thoughts and actions seem to merge into a single group thought
czecion. A qualitative sense of coherence or "Row" is often reported during
meaningful religious rituals, emotionally stirring speeches, and team sports
263

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 500, "chars": 3308, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
264
D. Radin & F. H. Atwater
(Csikszentmihalyi, 1990, 1997). At such times the attention of the participants
seemingly locks onto the "same wavelength," and individuals often report a
subjective shift.
The MIMI hypothesis proposes that such felt shifts are associated with physical
changes in the local environment, ie., that when the "mind" side of a postulated
MMI relationship becomes unusually coherent or ordered, then the "matter" side
also becomes more coherent or orderly. This idea predicts that if mental coherence
fluctuates from high to low according to a prescribed plan, and that sequence
of fluctuations is repeated, say N times, then random data streams continuously
recorded during those N periods ought to positively correlate with each other
because they should have been modulated by mind in approximately the same
way. This prediction was tested in the present experiment.
To detect the proposed effect, measurements of a suitable physical system are
required. Truly random number generators (RNGs) have been used for this pur-
pose because they are physical systems designed to produce maximum entropy,
and as such, it negentropic or unexpected periods of order appear, they can be
detected in a straightforward statistical manner. In random samples of, say,
200 successive bits, order is postulated to appear either as more Os or more 1s than
one would expect by chance. The statistic most often used to measure this type
of order is a shift in sample variance rather than a shift in the mean, because an
excess of either Os or 1s represents forms of statistical order. Note that "variance"
here refers to the distribution of samples, and not to how bits are distributed
within samples. That is, the MMI hypothesis predicts that, say, a histogram
created out of samples of 200 random bits each, which would ordinarily resemble
a binominal distribution, would instead have too many samples in the tails of
that distribution. It is the variance of such a distribution that is predicted to be
larger than expected by theoretical chance, or as compared with the variance of
an empirical control distribution, when modulated by coherent mind.
Previous field consciousness experiments have yet to be evaluated via formal
meta-analysis, but the preponderance of evidence provided by previous studies
seems to support the existence of an MMI effect. Variation in outcomes across
studies is undoubtedly due to differences among groups, contexts, and environ-
ments, but some of that variance is also due to uncertainties involved in inferring
if and when mental coherence arises.
One purpose of the present experiment was to explore whether a more reliable
MMI effect could be obtained if mental coherence was specifically generated,
rather than inferred by context or subjective reports. The coherence-stimulating
technique used in this study involved the use of binaural-beat audio tones known
as Hemi-Sync®. The term "binaural-beat" refers to a method in which one tone
at, say, 400 Hz is played in one ear while another tone at, say, 406 Hz is played
in the other ear. These two pure tones are heard along with a subjective beat
frequency, or warbling tone, generated by overlapping circuits in the brain's
audio cortex (Atwater, 2001; Kuwada et al., 1979; Lane et al., 1998; Oster, 1973).

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 466, "chars": 3218, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Entrained Minds
265
abelbezz frequency acts to entrain the brain's endogenous rhythms; in this exam-
2 6- bmaural-beat would tend to promote a theta rhythm at 6 Hz. Hemi-Sync®
i sognims combine this binaural-beat technique with standard relaxation
ees including reduced environmental stimulation, controlled breathing,
nations, and visualization. The audio programs are offered in varieties
it promote relaxation, meditation, creativity, etc., as well as to facilitate
son of expanded states of consciousness (Atwater, 1997).
Beers the 6-day workshops known as the Gateway Voyage®, developed by
trod Institute, groups of 20 to 25 people simultancously listen to a pre-
quence of Hemi-Sync® programs presented over headphones,'
with
person in a private listening chamber. We anticipated that these group
sent periods would generate periods of collective mental coherence,
a to the "group mind" evoked by participating in a drumming ceremony.
A listening to à Hemi-Sync® program for about 45 minutes, Gateway
ForeseD groups reassemble and discuss their experiences. This listening-discuss-
maicle is repeated throughout the day for up to 6 hours a day, and each day of
be sorkshop follows a planned schedule for audio programs, breaks, meals, etc.
*A second purpose of this experiment was to explore an implication of the MMI
romesis, namely that fluctuations in group coherence ought to be correlated
* fictations in randomness. The Gateway Voyage program was particulariy
Sea in testing this idea because the workshops always began at the same time
- inst day, and then presented the same sequence of Hemi-Sync@ audio pro-
mass at the same time of day, over the next 6 days. If group coherence increased
te listening to the programs and declined during breaks, meals, and while.
Cozig then similar variations should appear in the random data from one work-
Saug to the next. To test this idea, all cross-correlations between random data
codested in repeated workshops were calculated, and we predicted that overall
-emand cross-correlation would be positive. By contrast, data collected trom
Came RNGs in the same locations, starting at the same time and also running
carously for 6 days, but with no workshops taking place, were predicted to
Tie sow any systematic cross-correlations.
Toes design: was conceptually similar to a previous correlational study by
a 11997: 168), which examined fluctuations in group coherence associated
sammierred mental focus of tens of millions of television viewers watching
censon the four major television channels during an ordinary evening broad-
Ersus the outputs of three independent RNGs. That study predicted, and
a positive correlation (p < 01).
-nould be noted that the correlation analysis reported here was not
arienned This analysis was devised in response to referees' comments on an
ace draft of this article. The original analysis followed procedures used in pre-
resty reported field consciousness studies, namely to examine shifts in sample
-ca, Because we planned to collect massive amounts of data, which in turn
dead provide exceptional statistical power, we! knew that if the RNG outputs
Sed even miniscule deviations from theoretical expectation, then we might

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 435, "chars": 2935, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
266
D. Radin & F. H. Atwater
end up with strong, but spurious, statistical outcomes. So we planned to use the
data collected during control weeks to allow for statistics based on empirical
means and standard deviations rather than theoretical expectations. The results of
that analysis for all RNGs collected near the workshop was a deviation in sample
variance associated with a combined Stouffer Z = 3.17 (p = .0007, one-tailed).
For RNGs generating data at the same time, but in locations distant from the
workshop, the results were associated with Stouffer Z= -3.10 (p = .002, two-
tailed, as no directional prediction was made for the remote RNGs). 'The results
for RNGs located at the workshop were heavily influenced by the outcome of
the Geiger-counter-based RNG, which resulted in z = 4.45 (p = .000004). The
referees felt that the strong deviation observed in an RNG not previously vetted in
feld-consciousness studies, combined with unexpectedly strong negative results
in the remote RNGs, cast the experimental outcome in doubt. In response to such
comments, we developed an alternative (and thus post hoc) analytical way to test
the MMI hypothesis without relying on deviations from chance expectation in
individual RNG outputs.
Methods
Design
RNGs generate sequences of truly random bits, Os and 1s, that are independent
and identically distributed with po = P1 = 5. The two electronic RNGs employed
in this experiment had been used extensively in previous MMI research. 33 The
third, a Geiger-counter-based RNG, had also been used in a field consciousness
experiment (Radin et al., 2004).
Randomness in one electronic RNG, the Mindsong, was based on electronic
noise in a field effect transistor. In the Orion RNG randomness was based on
quantum tunneling effects in two independent analog Zener diodes. The Aware
Electronics RM-60 randomness comes from unpredictable latencies associated
with emission of radioactive particles." In this experiment, the source of such
particles was thorium from a Coleman lantern mantel. All of these devices
generate sequences of truly random bits by accessing the fastest moving bit in a
clock when a random event is detected. Because computer CPU clocks today
commonly run at GHz rates, and random events are generated at much slower
rates (typically 10 KHz or less), samples of random bits produced by these
devices conform closely to theoretical expectation, The outputs of both the Orion
and the RM-60 have passed Marsaglia's "Diehard" suite of tests, which is one of
the gold standard tests for randomness. The Mindsong produces distributions of
bits with a mean value close to theoretical expectation, but with a slightly elevated
sample variance.
All of the Gateway Voyage® workshops took place in the Nancy Penn Center
(NPC) at The Monroe: Institute. During a few workshops we ran just the Mind-
song RNG, in others we ran just the Orion, and in still others we ran all three

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 2928, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to use the
empirical
= results of
i in sample
one-tailed).
t from the
.002, two-
Che results
utcome of
3004). The
y vetted in
tive results
ise to such
way to test
ectation in
dependent
• employed
rch, 23 The
sciousness
electronic
i based on
The Aware
associated
ce of such
se devices
ng bit in a
scks today
ich slower
I by these
i the Orion
h is one of
ibutions of
ly elevated
enn Center
the Mind-
i all three
Entrained Minds
267
coast. We aIso ran RNGs in two distant locations while the work-
Party One was located in a laboratory about a tenth of a mile
and the other was located about a mile away in a building called
Sam Retreat (RMR). The distant RNGs were in quiet locations
cravity and the workshop participants did not know of their
embers of the workshops did know that one or more RNGs
Se NPC location, but it was hidden and no feedback was pro-
a either during or after the workshop. To provide control data,
ere also run continuously during weeks when no workshops
ace electronic RNGs were acquired using custom Windows-based
Her recorded all generated bits? This included 7600 bits per second
ae Coon and 2600 bits per second from the Mindsong. Data from the
RNG were acquired using Windows-based software provided by Aware
dAES
workshop consisted of about 20 men and women with an average age
is (range, 16-77 years). Approximately 52% of participants were male,
e from the USA and Canada, and the others were mostly from Europe.
range of professions were represented; 92% had at least some college
sie basic datum was the sample, defined as 200 contiguous random bits.
bon-overlapping samples generated by each RNG were used in this analysis.
ace case of the Mindsong and Orion, both devices were connected to a com-
fater via a serial port and bits were generated at predictable times according to a
rod baud rate. In the case of the RM-60, bits were generated depending on when
paintion hits were recorded, and so samples were not stored at a predictable
Regardless of source, each 200-bit sample was first transformed into a standard
-score as = = (x - 4)/o, where x was the sum of 1s in the 200-bit sample, fi was
a heoretical mean (100), and oiwas the theoretical standard deviation V50.
* a score was squared, and then the sum of 60 successive 2 values was
allated, representing all bits collected in 1 minute of data collection for the
BEadsong and Orion. In the case of the RM-60, the sum of 300 successive 2*
scores was calculated, representing roughly 2 minutes of data collection. These
sains; which were chi-square distributed, were transformed back into a z score
es #= V2z? -N2df -1 (Guilford & Fruchter, 1973: 517), where of refers to
degrees of freedom, which was the number of summed z' scores. " These final
A scores are convenient measures of sample variance. If z is positive it means
the distribution of samples is wider than expected by chance, and if negative the
distribution is thinner.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 399, "chars": 2686, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2755R
268
D. Radin & F. H. Atwater
The MMI hypothesis predicts that the cross-correlations of these z scores from
one workshop to the next would be significantly positive for the RNGs located
in the NPC during the workshops. The same analytical procedure applied to
the same RNGs run during weeks when no workshops were taking place should
be consistent with chance. If the field consciousness effect extended to distant
locations, then a positive correlation might also appear among RNGs running at
a distance from the workshop, and no such correlation should appear when no
workshops were taking place.
A Microsoft Visual Basic 6.0 program was used to reduce the raw binary
data from the two electronic RNGs into 1-minute zy values and approximately 2-
minute zy samples from the RM-60 data. Those data were then analyzed in Matlab
(v. R2007) 'using a randomized permutation analysis based on the following
(e 07) sing a rand
a. Data from the electronic RNGs were formed into a matrix, Me, in which the
rows were the zy samples and the columns corresponded to data from sepa-
rate workshops. A similar matrix, Mr, was formed for the radiation-based
b. All correlations between unique pairs of columns were calculated. With
No columns in a given matrix, this resulted in ½(N, - No) correlations for
each matrix.
c. The number of cross-correlations greater than zero was determined sepa-
rately for the electronic RNGs and the radiation RNGs, and then summed
(call this n). This simple, nonparametric measure was used to avoid any
assumptions about the distribution of the cross-correlations.
d. The order of samples in each column in Me and My was randomly
scrambled.
e. Steps b through d were repeated 10,000 times to build up a distribution of
possible values for n (call these permuted values ny). The number of times
that n, > n was counted (call this number count).
f. The p-value used to test the hypothesis was then p = count/10,000. The
hypothesis predicted that p would be significant for RNG data collected
during the workshops and consistent with chance for data collected by the
same RNGs when no workshops were taking place.
Results
Between April 2003 and December 2006, experimental data were collected in
one to three RNGs run simultaneously during 14 separate workshops. The same
RNGs were run during 8 weeks when no workshops were taking place to provide
control data, and additional RNGs were run in two distant locations during
both workshops and in control periods. All together, this resulted in a total of
100 six-day experimental and control recording sessions, during which some
143 billion random bits were collected. Data collected
are summarized in
Table 1.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 309, "chars": 2379, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ted
to.
uld
ant
; at
no
ary
' 2-
lab
ing
the
pa-
sed
Tith
for
pa-
led
nly
t of
nes
'he
ted
the
I in
me
ide
ing
l of
me
in
Entrained Minds
269
TABLE 1:
he Collecied in the Experiment in the Various Locations and Conditions
Nancy
'Penn
Center
* findsong
Nancy
Penn
Center
Orion
Nancy
Penn
Center
RM-60
Roberts
Mountain
Laboratory Laboratory
Retreat
RM-60
Mindsong Mindsong
6
14
8
6
7
8
7
789
2284
300
300
11
13
789
789
= 2630
200
7613
545
584
2630
2630
200
, 200
200
200
200
157,800
456,780
60,000
60,000
157,800
51,798
60.461
32,984
157,800
26,974
60,438
69,120
120,862
60,461
32,984
35,336
94,974
112,320
*8.2 billion
27.6 billion 1.98 billion 1.62 billion 9,5 billion
10.9 billion
til bits * 19.1 billion 27.6 billion 1.98 billion 2.12 billion 14.9 billion 17.7 billion
Ri-50 radiation-based RNG the bit rate was not fixed, and so rather than a trial defined
amber of samples per minute, it was defined as a fixed number of samples (300).
Sere 22 data sets of electronic RNG data collected in the NPC and 7 data
anon-based RNG data. Together this resulted in 462 + 42 = 504 cross-
ors: By chance we would expect to find 504/2 = 252 positive correla-
- mean number determined by the permutation analysis was 251.96
e 1). The observed number of positive correlations was 290; this was
ed 30 times in 10,000 permutations, so p = .008. The same analytical
a was then applied to the same RNGs in the same locations, but during
dwhen no workshops were taking place. In this case there were 174 cross-
mons, the mean number of positive correlations was expected by chance to
87s and the permuted mean was found to be 87.08. The observed number of
ve correlations in the actual data was 80, and the permutation-based p-value
74.
collected in the distant RNGs resulted in outcomes consistent with chance.
e workshops in the laboratory location the permutation-determined
combined across electronic and radiation-based RNGs, was p = 93
l4), and during no-workshop control periods, p = .65. For the RNG in
AR location, during the workshop p = .36 and during the control periods,
Discussion
To accordance with the field consciousness hypothesis, random data generated
5 three RNGs run during workshops and in proximity to the participants showed
anificant cross-correlations across multiple workshops. Data generated by the
ame RNGs run at distant locations and at different tires did not.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 2003, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
270
D. Radin & F. H. Atwater
count
600-
500-
400-
300-
200-
100-
P80
experiment
200
220
240
260
280
300
320
number of positive correlations
Fig. 1. i Distrihution of the number (of 504 possible) of positive cross-correlations in RNG outputs
; based on 10,000 randomized permutations of the original random data. The arrow points to
the number of positive cross-correlations observed in data recorded in the actual experiment.
This indicates that the RNG data strearns collected during the workshops, and in proximity to
the participants, tended to be more similar to one another than would be expected by chance
(p = .008, one-tailed).
Environmental Influences
Could the RNGs near the workshops have behaved differently due to the
presence of human bodies, or to increased variations in local electrical power, as
compared with control periods when the environment was quieter? Such an
explanation would require that RNG outputs be sensitive to factors such as
electromagnetic or electrostatic fields, temperature, power fluctuations, degree of
ionizing radiation, and/or physical vibration.
Such environmental influences are implausible explanations because (a) the
two electronic RNGs were housed in grounded metal boxes to eliminate most
electromagnetic influences, (b) the devices were designed to resist influences from
electrostatic fields, temperature, power fluctuations, and physical vibration, (c)
they drew power from the computers' regulated power supplies to avoid glitches
due to power line fluctuations, and (d) the RM-60 radiation RNG responded only
to ionizing radiation, the bulk of which was supplied by a sample of radioactive
thorium, and in any case, the intensity of radiation was not linked directly to the
generation of specific random bits.
In addition, all of the RNGs in the NPC were concealed in a central meeting
room, so even if participants intended to physically influence the devices in some
way, they did not know where the RNGs were located. Moreover, the electronic

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 370, "chars": 2503, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20
yuts
s to
ent.
y to
Ice
the
, as
an
as
: of
the
lOSt
om
(C)
hes
niy
tive
the
ling
Entrained Minds
271
• logical exclusive-or (XOR) filtering on their raw binary outputs
balanced sequence of Os and Is) to ensure that first-order biases
Through the use of an XOR, even if an RNG catastrophically
den produce sequences of, say, just Os, the resulting mean of the
ed not drop to 0 but would quickly stabilize at 0.5. Glitches or
of any of the RNGs would have been easily detected because
a would quickly decline to O. Such radical departures from
an observed in any of the data. Thus, through a combination of
ag, hidden locations, and logical design it seems unlikely that
onmental factors could account for the observed results.
Ejects
intential explanation is that these results were not due to a real-time
Justiess effect per se, but rather to the experimenters' intentions.
* be ruled out because the second author (F.H.A.) was responsible for
collection, and he was fully informed about the nature of the experiment.
PHA. was also involved in leading the workshops and data were
tomatically for 6 days without intervention, so it seems unlikely
spent much time consciously intending to influence the RNGs.
intentions cannot be ruled out.
source of possible experimenter effect was the data analyst the
D.R.). This possibility arises because previous "retroactive-PK"
suggest that future observation of previously recorded random bits
i significant deviations from chance expectation, indicating that real-
ätion is not necessary in mind-matter interaction effects (Bierman,
This retro-PK effect, analogous to Wheeler's delayed-choice experiment
any mechanics (Wheeler, 1978), was originally predicted based on a
observational theory of mind-matter interactions (Houtkooper, 2002).
here is that none of the recorded random bits used in this study were
til D.R. analyzed them. This means the entire experiment could
ahe interpreted as a large-scale retro-PK experiment. To address this
i future studies one might ask analysts with different expectations to
examine subsets of the data.
on, while post hoc, this study's outcome was consistent with pre-
(Radin, 2002) suggesting that fluctuations in mental coherence
arvely with fluctuations in random physical systems. This approach
• nature of mind-matter interaction appears to be a fruitful one.
Notes
e-s played on a Yamaha Natural Sound HDD/CD Recorder, Model CDR-HD
#a//hgasphere.princeton.ed/u/rdnelson/reg.html for details, as of February 25,

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 3512, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
272
D. Radin & F. H. Atwater
3 The Mindsong RNG is no longer manufactured; the Orion is available from http://www.
randomnumbergenerator.nl/, as of February 25, 2006.
4 See Aware Electronics (http://www.aw-el.com/), as of May 19, 2008.
5 See http://www.stat.fsu.eda/pub/diehard/ for the software and description.
6 See http://noosphere.princeton.edu/gcpdata.htm/#normalizing for a discussion of these
RNGs.
7 We thank Paul Bethke for writing the core data acquisition program and adding features
to the software based on a design by the first author.
& AW-RADW.EXE, see htp://www.aw-el.com/win.htm, as accessed on May 19, 2008.
9 Named after the French inventor, Jean-Maurice-Emile Baudot, developer of the first
high-speed telegraph in 1877, which was used throughout the world for over 70 years.
10 This estimate, which is actually a i score with df, quickly approaches z as af increases.
Acknowledgments
We would like to thank all the anonymous referees for providing valuable
comments on this paper as it progressed through a number of dratts and revi-
sions.
References
Atwater, F. H. (1997). Accessing anomalous states of consciousness with a binaural beat technology.
Journal of Scientific Exploration, 11, 263-274.
Atwater, F. H. (2001), Binaural beats and the regulation of arousal levels. Proceedings of the IANS
Ilth Forum on New Arts and Science. International Association on New Science, Fort Collins,
Bierman, D. J. (1998). Do psi phenomena suggest radical dualism? In Hameroff, S. A., Kaszniak,
A. W., & Scott, A. C. (Eds.), Toward a Science of Consciousness II (pp. 709-714). The MIT
Csikszentmihalyi, M. (1990). Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience. Harper & Row.
Csikszentmihalyi, M. (1997). Creativity: Flow and the Psychology of Discovery and Invention.
Guilford, J. P., & Fruchter, B. (1973). Fundamental Statistics in Psychology and Education (5th ed.).
McGraw Hill.
Houtkooper, J. M. (2002). Arguing for an observational theory of paranormal phenomena. Journal of
Scientific Exploration, 16, 171-185.
Kuwada, S., Yin, T. C., & Wickesberg, K. E. (1979), Response of cat infcrior colliculus neurons 1o
binaural beat stimuli: Possible mechanisms for sound localization, Science, 206, 586-588.
Lane, J. D., Kasian, S. J., Owens, J. E., & Marsh, G. R. (1998). Binaural auditory beats affect vigilance
performance and mood. Physiology & Behaviour, 63, 249-252.
Nelson, R. D., Bradish, G. J., Dobyns, Y. H., Dunne, B. J., & Jahn, R. G. (1996). FieldREG anomalies
in group situations. Joumal of Scientific Exploration, 10, 111-142.
Nelson, R. D., Jahn, R. G., Dunne, B. J., Dobyns, Y. H., & Bradish, G. J. (1998). FieldREG II:
Consciousness field effects: Replications and explorations. Journal of Scientific Exploration, 12,
Oster, G. (1973). Auditory beats in the brain. Scientific American, 229, 94-102.
Radin, D. I. (1997). The Conscious Universe. San Francisco, CA: HarperOne.
Radin, D. I. (2002). Exploring relationships between random physical events and mass human
attention: Asking for whom the bell tolls. Journal of Scientific Exploration, 16, 533-548.
Radin, D. I. (2006). Entangled Minds. Simon & Schuster.
Radin, D. I., Tafi, R., & Yount, G. (2004). Possible effects of healing intention on cell cultures and
truly random events. Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine, 10, 103-112.
Wheeler, J. A. (1978). The "past" and the 'delayed-choice double-slit cxperiment In Marlow, A. R.
(Ed.), The Mathematical Foundations of Quantum Mechanics (Pp. 9-48). Academic Press.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2378, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Not means
laresta
Horn-fre
Journal of Scientific Exploration, Vol. 24, No. 1, pp. 41-52, 2010
0892-3310/10
RESEARCH
Unexpected Behavior of Matter
in Conjunction with Human Consciousness
DONG SHEN
Piscataway, New Jersey, United States
dongshen@hotmail.com
Abstract—The "second consciousness state" (SCS) of human consciousness
is described. While in this state, it is possible, for example, for a trained per-
son to move a piece of paper out of a well-capped container without physical
contact. The solid state of matter (in this case, a piece of paper) seems no
longer to behave like a solid during the removal process. Rather, it seems to
behave according to a tunneling process associated with a quantum mechani-
cal wave fimction. The key element for success of this experiment is a partici-
past with the shility to achieve the SCS. The participant has to adjust his/her
consciousness to awaken this new state, which co-exists with the normal, first
consciousness state. A detailed description of the experiment as well as of the
SCS is presented. Achievement of the SCS is enhanced with an unburied and
supportive environment. At least a week should be allowed for a formal test of
a well-trained participant. The possibility of deceptive practices is discussed.
This experiment is of interest because it poses a serious challenge to scientific
principles know to physicists ant neuroscientists!
Keywords: second consciousness state (SCS) psychokinesis (PK)-third-
eye screen-extrasensory perception (ESP)ESP training—-pen-
etration of matter--exceptional function of the human body
(EFHB)
Introduction
In the experiment to be discussed here in detail, solid matter penetrates
solid matter under the influence of human consciousness. This experiment is
typical of many that have previously been done. A small piece of paper, the
target, was transported out of a plastic film cartridge container to a random,
open location in the room where the experiment was conducted. No control was
possible over the choice of this location (see Discussion section, Possibility of
Deceptive Practices). No physical action was observed during the transport.
In China this type of experiment has been repeated numerous times, but
translations from the Chinese are still rare. The first thing most practitioners
experienced in similar experiments was an image of the object formed on a
41

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 466, "chars": 2968, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
42
Dong Shen
virtual "screen" located in front of the forehead when the practitioners deeply
focused on the object for a while (Wu, Zhou, and Luo, 1998:584-587). Some
authors (Lee, 1998) make reference to a "third eye" in the middle of the fore-
head. The "screen", which appears to be located in front of the forehead, is
called the "third-eye screen" in this paper.
: It takes about half a minute to one hour (Chen and He, 1999a; Qian, 1989),
depending on the mental condition of the practitioners, to obtain a third-eye
screen, In most cases, the screen is an indicator that a person has entered a
special state of consciousness. For differentiation from the normal conscious-
ness state (first consciousness state), which is used for our daily thinking, this
special state of mind is defined as the second consciousness state (SCS). Most
researchers in this field believe everybody has the capacity to achieve the SCS,
which may be inactive or degenerate but is capable of being reactivated with
some training.
The psychokinetic (PK) transporting process of matter apparently can only
take place when the image of the object is stable on the third-eye screen (Lee,
Shen, and Sun, 1999; Luo, 1989:180-186). In this experiment, the SCS was
used to "hald" the images on the third-eye screen while the first consciousness
state (normal thinking) was used to visualize moving the paper out of the plastic
container. It works as if the "paper image" on the screen is able to receive infor-
mation from the practitioner's mind. When the image of the object is clearly
displayed on the third-eye screen, the experiment is very likely to be successful.
Chinese psi Research
In 1979, a boy named Yu Tang living in Sichuan Province was reported to
possess "Exceptional Function of the Human Body (EFHB)", which is called
extrasensory perception (ESP) in the West. Tang was able to "read" Chinese
characters written on a folded slip of paper by placing the paper near or in his ear.
After that, several other children in Beijing were found to have the same abil-
ity as Tang, The EFHB phenomena attracted one professor's interest. Professor
Shouliang Chen in the Department of Physiology at Beijing University started
research in training methods in 1979 for children to find out if EFHB abil-
ity is one of the physiological functions of the body (Chen and He, 1999b).
The methods described in this paper were first conceived and researched by
Chen. Chen began with a neighbor girl and his daughter, then informally devel-
oped and extended his training method to apply to other children of ages 8-12
years. During the 1980s, this training method became well-known and grew in
popularity. Laisheng Shao successfully trained more than 40 young adults who
served as practitioners in the Fudan University research group beginning in
1980 (Research Group of Human Body Information Science, 1995). Training
also began at Yunnan University in 1980 (Luo, 1989:130-139). At the same

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2886, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Transport of Matter
43
time more children and adults who possess EFHB ability were found. All of
these people became a rich source of practitioners and participated in EFHB
research. About a hundred research centers sprang up in cities throughout the
country. A number of universities became interested and instituted research
groups, Most notably these researchers included Shuhuang Lin at Beijing
Normal College (Wu etal., 1998:479), Laisheng Shao at Fudan University (Wu
et al., 1998:506-512) in Shanghai, and Jinchuari Shen (Wu et al, 1998:559-
561) at the China University of Geosciences in Beijing. These researches were
unfunded save for a limited amount of private funding, and the programs ran as
sidelines to other research programs. Their objective was to try to put the meth-
ods and findings on a more solid scientific basis. Their work was given impetus
by the emergence of a few talented psychics, such as Chulin Sun at the China
University of Geosciences in Beijing. (Shen and Sun, 1996), and Baosheng
Zhang (Song, 1999; Lin et al., 1981) at the 507 Institute. But the core mission
remained the development and implementation of training methods (Zha and
McConnell, 1991).
Laisheng Shao's work in Shanghai started in 1980. He continued unfunded
work until 1998. After that time, his research stopped. Jinchuan Shen's work in
Beijing is still ongoing, unfunded after 1998.
The response of mainstream science to paranormal research in China has
been mixed. Zha and McConnell (1991) give a good overview of work done up
until 1990. Currently, mainstream Chinese science regards paranormal research
with about the same skepticism as is found in the West. Work in the universities
is done as sideline research, largely with private funds or on an unfunded basis.
Methods and Procedures
The materials for this experiment consisted of a standard, black, plastic,
35-mm film cartridge container with its cap, and a small target paper upon
which a number was written. The cartridge was opaque. It had a height of 50
mm and a diameter of 30 mm. The paper was 65 mm wide and 90 mm long,
with an approximate weight of 0.25 gm.
The practitioner was Mr. Xiao, 17 years old, a worker with middle school
education, and no ability to achieve the SCS before receiving six months of
training for PK ability. The author Dong Shen (DS) and the late Laisheng Shao
(LS) were the two researchers present. LS was the senior researcher and the
engineer in the laboratory of Fudan University. Also present were five observ-
ers. The names of the observers were not recorded. They were either the col-
leagues of LS in his ongoing work of training young people or the ESP and PK
practitioners who had participated as subjects in prior experiments.
The experiment was not begun until Mir. Xiao felt ready, which took two
days. On the third day, the number 830 was written on the small target paper,

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 433, "chars": 2540, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
44
Dong Shen
described above, with blue ink by DS. To do this, DS sequestered himself in
the corner of the room. Then the paper was folded four times by DS so that the
number on the paper could not be seen.
DS passed the folded paper to LS, who then put the folded paper into the
empty plastic cartridge container. DS then checked the container to make sure
the folded paper was inside. An observer in the room verified that the paper was
inside the container. LS closed the cartridge container firmly with its cap and
put the capped container on a table.
The practitioner was already seated in a chair 1 m away from the table
when the container was placed on the table. The two researchers and the five
guest observers sat 1-3 m away from the table. The practitioner had never been
shown what was written on the paper, but was told that the folded paper was
inside the capped container.
For a duration of about 40 minutes, the experimental room was in total
silence, and everybody attentively watched the container on the table and paid
attention to one another. During the 40-minute time period, Mr. Xiao and all
others in the room remained seated. The container was out of reach of every-
body. The practitioner stared at the container with concentration. Once in a
while he lifted his head and looked at the ceiling.
Results
About 40 minutes after starting the focus on the container, the practitioner
reported that the paper had moved out of the container to the floor near the wall,
about 6 m away from the table. Nobody in the room observed the paper "leav-
ing" the container and "flying" across the room to the floor. The practitioner
also reported that the number 830 was written on the paper. DS opened the
container on the table. It was empty.
DS, IS, and the other observers saw a piece of folded paper on the floor. LS
picked up the folded paper from the floor, unfolded the paper, and showed the
number 830 on the paper to everybody in the room. DS checked the paper and
declared to everybody in the room that the number 830 was his own handwrit-
ing, and that the folded configuration of the paper was his doing.
Discussion
The Practitioner's History
Mr. Xiao was one of a group of 5-8 people who were recruited from the
Fudan University workforce to voluntarily undergo ESP and PK training.
Cafeteria workers and other facility workers were a good source of recruits.
Typically they had ittle education and were 16-22 years old (Mr. Xiao was
17). Mental flexibility and lack of preconception seem to be traits for success.

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 479, "chars": 2848, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Transport of Matter
45
Mr. Xiao's training was conducted by LS during the six months prior to the
experiment, which took place in 1994. LS's efforts were voluntary and uncom-
pensated. All recruits expressed interest in voluntarily spending time learning
the practice of PK and ESP without compensation, although some received
small honorariums. LS, and other researchers, had been engaged in this work
for 15 years or so, from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s. Among all research-
ers in this time period, the success rate for ESP training of children and young
adults was about 60% (Shao et al., 1987). Success for PK was somewhat lower.
LS's research had resulted in a number of prior ESP and PK successes. Mr.
Xiao was chosen as the subject of this paper because he was one of three or four
who had learned PK. He was an example of someone who was successfully
trained starting from no capability, and he was available at the time the author
was working with IS as part of this research team.
The author did not record Mr. Xiao's resume or personal history. The infor-
mation presented here is only a profile. Typically, student practitioners will
gradually lose their abilities through lack of practice and waning interest, and
their progress is not tracked. Such was the case with Mir. Xiao. He volunteered
for this work out of curiosity. He finally left for a better job after two or three
years of working for the University, His whereabouts at the time of this writing
are unknown, as is typical with such a student practitioner.
The Practitioner's Description of His Experience
The practitioner said that during the experiment he concentrated on the
black cartridge container and got it deep in his consciousness while entering
into the SCS. Then an image of the container appeared on the third-eye screen
located in front of his forehead. He saw the image of the paper in the same way.
At the very beginning, the paper image was not stable and not clear. After he
focused on the image for a while, it became stable and clear on the screen. The
number on the paper could then be easily read, that is, 830 written in blue, even
though the paper was folded inside the capped container. When the image of
the paper was clear on the screen, he started to use his mind to move the paper
out of the container. At a certain point, he "saw" in his mind that the container
was empty and saw in the room that the paper was on the floor near the wall.
Possibility of Deceptive Practices
Deception must be considered when determining the validity of psi phe-
nomena. Gary Schwartz, Director of the VERITAS Research Program at the
University of Arizona, encountered this issue when doing experiments on
paranormal effects with an Asian-American practitioner. He has documented
an experiment in which there was evidence of possible deceptive practices

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 509, "chars": 3129, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
46
Dong Shen
(Schwartz, Nelson, and Russet, 2003). He discusses the detection of such prac-
tices and, more importantly, their mitigation. While the study found possible
deceptive practices, he also concluded "their data suggest that deception is not
necessarily involved in all cases of purported anomalous perception".
Young practitioners, ages 8-12 years, are most easily trained (Wu et al.,
1998:570-574). They dexelop their skills early in free and spontaneous envi-
ronments and tend to lose those skills with age if they do not practice constantly.
An important factor in that loss is the lack of a spontaneous environment and
the pressure that comes from imposition of controls-the very devices that in
Western cultures enable good, objective science to be done.
As the young practitioners lose their abilities in testing, some may first
tend to compensate by using patently deceptive practices. Innocently at frst,
they may not consider this important. It is simply an extension of ways of per-
forming the tasks they are asked to do. When these new ways collide with the
scientific method, and the practitioner is challenged, there is an even greater
loss of confidence and ability.
A new paradigm is needed (see The Practice of SCS). The young practitio-
ner may usually.be retrained.to-use only mental influence, not resorting to phys-
ical manipulation to accomplish the task. Most deception can then be avoided if
a good experimental design is used, as is the case in most Chinese universities.
The fact that there is no control over the destination of the transported paper
deserves carefui consideration, because it is a classic act of misdirection used
with legerdemain. We note, however, that no one moved about the room after
the paper was inserted into the container, and the paper was too small and light
to have been tossed such a distance (about 6 m), even if it had been removed
or somehow kept out of the capped container, Discounting more sophisticated
methods, of which the author is unaware, deception would have to be carried
out by placing a duplicate paper in the place where it was ultimately discovered
Since the author himself recognized his own handwriting of the previous hour,
as well as his paperfold configuration, deception of this sort was not possible.
Mr. Xiao did not say why he had no control over the target destination. By
way of conjecture, if he was unpracticed and under some stress, he may have
mentally picked it up and "yanked" it, just to get it outside of the container,
Then he would have to "see" where it landed. Why, then, was it found inside
the room where it was easily retrievable, and not in a more obscure location?
Perhaps there was still a strong enough mental intention on the part of the prac-
titioner, as well as on the part of the observers, to have the target paper be suc-
cessfully found and identified at the end of the experiment.
Several'other more experienced practitioners have demonstrated an abil-
ity to control the target destination. Among these are: Chulin Sun working
with Jinchuan Shen at China University of Geosciences in Beijing (Shen and

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 433, "chars": 2690, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Transport of Matter
47
Sun, 2002); Baosheng Zhang working with Lin at Beijing Teacher's College
(Chinese Society of Somatic Science, 1998); and Qiang Wang and Bin Wang,
also working with Lin (Lin et al., 1983).
In an effort to evaluate the possibility of deception, we asked a magician
to review the experiment (Auerbach, 2007). His conclusion was that, if the
experiment was performed as described, there was no possibility of deception
by the practitioner. His concerns were for the large amount of time involved
in the transport (40 minutes) that could lead to a lapse of attentiveness on the
part of observers, and for the lack of a visual record, such as a video recording.
Addressing these concerns will impact the spontaneity of the environment and
in the author's opinion will not strengthen the conclusion, if the experiment is
performed as described.
Properties of the Second Consciousness State
The SCS images of objects on the third-eye screen have some remark-
able properties. When the practitioner is in the SCS, he can see the contents
of the target on the third-eye screen. As described by the practitioner in this
experiment, the image of the folded paper can be mentally examined, part by
part, and the contents (the number 830) assembled into a legible image. In the
same way, one also can examine the mental image of a closed book with the
second consciousness, focus to a given page, and read it while the real book
stays closed (Hua, 1995). The image of the object on the third-eye screen is
actively connected with the real object. It is reported (Shao et al., 1993) that
the practitioner can press the keys of a calculator image using the mind and get
the results on the third eye screen while the calculator lies untouched in front
of the practitioner.
If the practitioner is asked to "read" the screen only, this is ESP. However,
if the practitioner is asked to move an object using his mind, he must adjust his
mind to see the object on the third-eye screen first. Then he sends the instruc-
tion to the image using the normal, first consciousness state, and this instruction
causes the real object to move. The result is PK.
The Talent for Second Consciousness
My partner researcher, Mr. Shao, with his research group repeated the
experiment described above more than ten times (Shao, 1997). Researchers
in institutes and universities in China successfully completed thousands of psi
demonstrations between 1979 and 1998. Why, then, have these results not been
accepted or discussed in the Western literature?
Part of the reason is that not all of these thousands of demonstrations are
documented and published in scientific journals. Many PK. and ESP research

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 465, "chars": 2976, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
48
Dong Shen
papers can be found in the Chinese Journal of Somatic Science. However, there
remains a translation problem, from Chinese to English or other Western lan-
guages, the solution to which has not been systematically undertaken. A third
factor is the natural skepticism of Western science, which is needed for continu-
ing progress.
Many scientists do not believe in psychic phenomena. One of the difficul-
ties is the rarity of good practitioners. Researchers often cannot find qualified
practitioners, or the practitioners cannot reproduce the phenomena on demand.
Parapsychology, therefore, has not been fully investigated and accepted into the
scientific mainstream. I claim here that we may overcome this difficulty. The
ESP and. PK phenomena related to the SCS can be consistently reproduced.
Hundreds of people, ages 8-25, have been trained and induced to possess this
ability. A success rate of 40% was recorded among 40 children of about 10 years
old (Wu et al., 1998:570-574). This may be compared to a naturally occurring
rate without training, estimated to be 1:1 million to 1:10 million. Also, Tian et
al. (1996) reported that their research group at Hangzhou University obtained a
success rate of 9.6% from 1,222 children 7-18 years old, with one day's train-
ing.
The problem of repeatability may be solved if we can get enough quali-
fied practitioners to do the experiments. We can repeat the experiments as
many times as we want, but not in one day, and not on demand (see below, The
Practice of SCS).
For some years a new attitude has been developing about experiments
related to extraordinary human consciousness. It is different from the older
concept about parapsychology and psychic phenomena. We are not confined to
only one or two special, talented persons who can succeed in such experiments.
Based on hundreds of subjects we have successfully trained, we can now expect
to more easily research the field of consciousness and matter. In particular, we
can explore those behaviors of matter that are affected by the SCS.
In Western science, work on the U.S. Army's STARGATE Program, termi-
nated in November 1995, showed that certain paranormal skills can be taught
and learned and talents developed. Joseph McMoneagle (2000) was a trained
psychic viewer who trained others in the same skill, both during the program
and after the completion of the program. While not the first nor last of its kind,
his work was a systematic exploration of such training methods. We can poten-
tially train hundreds of people to activate their SCS and offer hundreds of ESP
or PK experiments to the scientific community to answer their questions. The
reason is simple. It is not an occasional phenomenon. With proper training and
appropriate expectations, it can be performed in any laboratory.
In principle, the training method for SCS is simple. It is facilitated if train-
ing is done in groups rather than one on one. Typically, LS's groups were five to

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 442, "chars": 2565, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Transport of Matter
49
eight people, but larger groups can be effective, up to the normal size classroom
of twenty or thirty people. Training is further facilitated by the presence of
people who understand and perhaps practice the paranormal, as in the sheep-
goat effect.
The best training groups consist of children in the 8-12 years age group, or
young adults 15-22 years old with limited education. Training steps are typi-
cally described as follows:
1. The researcher writes two numbers (or letters) on a small piece of paper,
about 2 × 3 cm in size, then folds the paper twice to hide the target num-
bers.
2. The trainee puts the folded paper in their own ear or armpit, or just holds
it clenched in the hand. Some researchers allow the trainee to hold the
unfolded target with one or two hands hidden inside a black bag (see, for
example, Schwartz et al., 2003).
3. The researcher asks the trainee to relax and to meditate for five to ten min-
utes.
4. The researcher asks the trainee to focus on the target and do his/her best to
mentally see the number or letter on the paper.
5. The trainee reports the number or letter and the color of the ink used after
five to thirty minutes.
6. Train in this fashion for an hour a day, or every other day, for two to ten days,
until the numbers or letters are being read.
7. Training can be extended up to 30 days or more, until almost everyone can
read the numbers or letters.
8. Test ESP ability with sample targets prepared with any kind of symbols
drawn in different inks on the paper. It is said the "Tian Mu" (third eye) is
open if the trainee can read five out of ten samples correctly. Success rates
may differ. The more training time used, the better the success rate.
9. Training for PK is done in a similar fashion after completing ESP training.
The target cxercise is to cut a wooden match or a thin metal wire into two
pieces, using the third eye along with mental intention.
10. After three months or so of training ESP ability, the successful student will
be ready to perform PK experiments.
Note that Step 2. is designed to give the student trainee a feeling of "con-
nection" with the target. It may also be an opportunity for the student to learn
to dissemble, surreptitiously reading the target through normal visual means.
Schwartz et al. (2003) have given a possible example of this. Of course this
» needs to be watched for and corrected in such a way that the student under-
stands the needs of the training and that there is no fault if the student is not able
* to see the target mentally.

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 494, "chars": 3099, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
50
Dong Shen
The Practice of SCS
Some unexpected behaviors of objects in the perceived world become
easier to understand if the SCS and third-eye screen are invoked. There are
three requirements for PK activities. First, the image appears on the third-eye
screen. Second, it is most important that the image on the screen be stable; then
it is very closely connected with the real object. The connection is analogous to
'the connection between an object and its reflection in a glass mirror. The prac-
titioner does nothing active to achieve this connection other than continuing to
concentrate on the object. He/she knows it is complete when he/she is holding
the image stably on the screen. Third, one gives the image an "instruction"
using normal thinking. This communication.between.the mind and the image
is not difficult when done properly. Whenever the position of the image on
the screen changes, the real object will follow the position change simultane-
ously, even through physical barriers. There is an intriguing analogy between
this behavior and the well-known tunneling process associated with a quantum
mechanical wave function. The present experiment indicates that such action
can be completed when the practitioner. is at a distance of about 1'm. Future
experiments may offer evidence that, as has been shown in ESP experiments,
there is no practical distance limit for these connections (Yan et al., 2002).
PK phenomena are not easy to accept for most scientists, violating as they
do the current principles of physics. But if we suppose that these unexpected
behaviors are happening under the SCS of the human mind and may be repeated
at different institutions by, different practitioners; we may be led to a new atti
tude. More successful, controlled PK experiments conducted and verified at
different institutions will cease to be a surprise to the scientific community.
The three described processing procedures on the third-eye screen for PK
activities also leads to the conclusion that PK is always accompanied by ESP,
as in the paper transport described in this report. But ESP is not necessarily
accompanied by PK
Researchers need to be aware that since this type of experiment involves the
human mind, the experiments will be affected by many factors. Replication is
not as simple as experiments in physics and chemistry. The practitioner cannot
always get into the SCS even though he/she has previously shown such ability.
Most well-trained practitioners will honestly tell the researchers whether they
can induce the third-eye screen at a particular time or not A good experimenter
will recognize when a practitioner is compensating for an inability to perform
and will not treat it as an inherent lack of ability, but will begin retraining. It
is unwise to confront a practitioner with a blunt accusation of failure and then
expect to continue the experiment successfully. It is unwise to ask practitioners
to repeat experiments a short time after. As an example, one cannot put oneself
to sleep right. away on demand; even though one has the ability to go to sleep.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 455, "chars": 2914, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Transport of Matter
51
Future Studies and Challenges
As pointed out by Dean Radin (1997): "As acceptance grows, the implica-
tions of psi will become more apparent. But we already know that these phe-
nomena present profound challenges to many aspects of science, philosophy,
and religion. These challenges will nudge scientists to reconsider basic assump-
" tons about space, time, mind, and matter."
The task of science is to explore the unknown. Neuroscience is one of the
most attractive scientific areas in this century. Fortunately, we have already
found ways to adjust the mind to the SCS, particulariy for young Chinese
people. But these phenomena also give us more challenges. What is the nature
of the SCS and the third-eye screen? How can we see the image on the third-eye
: screen? Is there any relationship to the normal human optical system? Can blind
+*
people see an object by using the SCS? Does the SCS extend to far distances?
Many Chinese people now can reach the SCS with some simple training
and are able to form an image of an object on the third-eye screen. They will be
enabied to give more detailed descriptions of the third-eye screen in the future.
Another related question is about matter. When matter is under the influ-
ence of the SCS, its behavior is absurd and unexplainable in the light of exist-
ing scientific theories. Wo cannot explain it on either the macro scale or the
quantum scale. What is the physical state of matter when the solid paper is
penetrating the plastic wall of the film container in this experiment? Is this
anotber aspect of quantum "wave-particle duality" manifestations as in quan-
tum tunneling? More deeply, what is the "origin" of matter, and how does it
receive information from the mind? Is there a wave-like connection (something
like resonance or coherence) between mind and matter? We may postulate that
the fundamental state of matter is not particulate but energetic, giving a new
emphasis to the physics of E = mc?.
Acknowledgments
The author would like to thank his research partner Laisheng Shao and the Somatic
Information Science Research Group at Fudan University in Shanghai, whose coopera-
tion made this experiment possible. At the time of that collaboration (1994), I was a visi-
tor to Fudan University from the Institute of Water Research, Lubbock, Texas. Thanks to
Charles Lear and Paul Burgess for reviewing the manuscript and suggesting revisions. I
am grateful to Nelson Chu and Aiguo Han for their helpful comments and discussions.
Special thanks are due to Loyd Auerbach, of the Rhine Research Center Advisory Board.
for reviewing the experimental protocol for the possibility of deception.
References
Auerbach, L. (2007). Private email communications with the author, Sept. 25-27, 2007.
Chen, S., & Ho, M. (1999a). Universality and inducibility of ESP ability I [Chinese]. Chinese
Journal of Somatic Science, 9(3), 105-108.

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 463, "chars": 4003, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
52
Dong Shen
Chen, S., & He, M. (1999b). Universality and inducibility of ESP ability II [Chinese]. Chinese
Journal of Somatic Science, 9(4), 147-152
Chinese Society of Somatic Science (1998). Experiments of psychokinesis [Chinese]. Report of
Somatic Science Research (p. 66).
Hua, Z. (1995). Experimental Research of Exceptional Function of the Human Body. Ist Conference
of the Shanghai Somatic Science Assn. (pp. 1-4) [Chinese]. Shanghai: Fudan Univ. Press.
Lee, S. (1998). The mechanism of character recognition by fingers (third eye) with associated
physiological test [Chinese]. Chinese Journal of Somatic Science, 8(3), 105-113.
Lee, S., Shen, J., & Sun, C. (1999). Microsculpture by psychokinesis [Chinese]. Chinese Journal of
Somatic Science, 9(4), 153-155.
Lin, S., Zhang, Z., Liu, H., Huang, Y., Zhou, B., Zhang, H., Shen, X., Dong, Z., Ding, S., Zhang,
X., Chen, F., & Zhuang, Z. (1981). Some experiments on the transfer of objects performed
by the unusual functions of the human body [Chinese]. Ziran Zazhi (The Nature Journal)
Lin, S., Zhou, B., Liu, H., Huang, H., Zhang, H., Rao, A., Liu, G., Lin, L., Liu, Y., Yang, J., Sun, Z.,
He, Q., Zhao, Y., Zhang, M., Ding, Y., Zhang, Y., Zhuang, D., Li, Z., & Ding, S. (1983). PK
experiment: Object moved into or out of sealed containers [Chinese]. Renti Teyigongneng
Yanjiu (EFHB Research) 1, 110-118.
Luo, X. (1989). Research on exceptional function of the human body. A Preliminary Study on
Somatic Science [Chinese]. Yunnan University, Institute of Somatic Science.
McMoneagle, J. (2000). Remote Viewing Secrets: A Handbook. Charlottesville, VA: Hampton Roads.
Qian, X: (1989). Creation of Somatic Science (Pp. 667-668) [Chinese]. Cheng Du, China: Si Chuan
Education Press.
Radin, D. I. (1997). The Conscious Universe: Scientific Truth of Psychic Phenomena. New York:
Research Group of Human Body Information Science, Department of Electronic Engineering,
Fudan University (1995). Review and exploration [Chinese]. Experimental Research of
Exceptional Function of the Human Body (pp. 130-139). Shanghai: Fudan University Press.
Schwartz, G., Nelson, L., & Russek, L. (2003). Purported anomalous perception in a highly skilled
individual: Observations, interpretations, compassion. Journal of Scientific Exploration
Shao, L. (1997). Multiple interviews with author in March 1994.
Shao, L., Yu, H., Shen, Y., Fang, L., & Zhou, Y. (1993). Training and practices for operating a
calculator with mind [Chinese]. Chinese Journal of Somatic Science 3(2), 55-57.
Shao, L., Zhu, Y., Zhu, R., Zhang, M., Ding, Y., Hu, G., Chen, J., & Jiang, K. (1987). Four years'
summary of EFHB induction in young adults [Chinese]. Renti Teyigongneng Yanjiu (EFHB
Research) 4, 103-105
Shen, J., & Sun, C. (1996). Features of external qi and RS imaging information on photo negative
film by mind energy [Chinese]. Chinese Journal of Somatic Science 6(3), 99-104.
Shen, J., & Sun, C. (2002). Solid evidence of psychic power: Materiality of consciousness (sixteen
years' research on psi phenomena). Journal of the International Society of Life Information
Song, K. (1999). The existence and significance of parapsychological function. Journal of the
International Society of Life Information Science (ISLIS) 17(1), 198-210.
Tian, W., Zhu, H., Zhu, X., Li, W., Zhong, J., Chen, Z., & Ni, S. (1996). Age distribution of success
rates for inducing ESP ability in children [Chinese]. Chinese Journal of Somatic Science
Wu, B., Zhou, L., & Luo, X. (1998). Introduction to the Science of the Human Body [Chinese].
Cheng Du, China: Si Chuan University Press
Yan, X., Lu, F., Jiang, H., Wu, X., Cao, W., Xia, Z., Shen, H., Wang, J., Dao, M., Lin, H., & Zhu, R.
(2002) Certain physical manifestations and effects of external qi of Yan Xin Life Science
Technology. Journal of Scientific Exploration 16(3):381-411.
Zha, L., & McConnell, T. (1991). Parapsychology in the People's Republic of China: 1979-1989.
The Joural of the American Society for Psychical Research 85, 119-143.
