{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T06:27:19Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 364001, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119265-a-power-generation-system-utilizing-space-time-expansion.pdf", "source_sha256": "7fc4bd4f73e733925a78c0b9371fe2c0ab7a5acefb9c462851574870efa17cf4"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 410, "chars": 2823, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A Power Generation System Utilizing Space-Time Expansion
By
Review by
Naval Research Laboratory
Washington DC 20375-5000
23 November 2009
The Authors state that under certain conditions, the Lorentz Force becomes non-conservative and
results in the formation of an additional external force. By tapping this force, a new power
generation system is proposed.
Based on personal experience with Government-sponsored research projects and direct
observation, the ion flow through a leaky dielectric from negatively charged to positively charged
asymmetric capacitors at high voltage levels, generates additional force beyond that predicted or
calculated using normal physics. I have not able to ascertain the cause of this additional force
which could be due to space-time expansion or some other as yet unknown phenomena. If the
proposed research is successful at generating anywhere near the power levels suggested by the
there will be two very important issues. First, there will need to be methods
developed in parallel to control the generator for safe operation and some means should be put
into place to control the technology in order to keep it from being used primarily as a weapon.
Second, tapping into space-time expansion would legitimize to the scientific community that we
can exploit the space-time expansion rather that simply be part of it, which could lead to other
breakthroughs such as faster-than-light communications and perhaps even faster-than-light speed
travel.
Although this may seem far-fetched, Albert Einstein grappled with whether to explain all forces
in the universe by referencing some special inertial point in space-time that was unobservable
with the technology of his age, or making all things "relative" which could withstand scientific
scrutiny via observation and measurement of the then-observable universe. He chose the
"relative" approach and published his famous "Theory of Relativity" and "General Theory of
Relativity" papers. By selecting the "relative" approach, gravitational attraction is considered by
physicists to simply be a weak force caused by the warping of space near objects that have mass.
That light was bent due to gravity was astronomically observed, which supported Einstein's
theories.
However, late 20# Century and recent astronomical observations by the Hubble Space Telescope
have shown clustering and clumping of galaxies that shouldn't exist, since there is insufficient
observable and measurable mass in the universe to make the needed gravitational forces. So in
order to keep the math and physics models working, scientist invented a magic, invisible "Dark
Matter"
' So far, according to popular notion, over three-fourths of the universe is filled with
invisible, dark matter to explain observations! An alternative possibility is that the additional

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 375, "chars": 2503, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
gravitational forces needed to explain that observed is caused by uneven space-time expansions
in certain regions of the observed universe. A few outside-mainstream scientists believe that
non-unitorm space-time expansion is a much simpler and plausible explanation of what causes
gravitational forces than just mass warping space, and removes the need to invent the existence
of invisible matter.
So, if ( the big"if") the non-conservative nature of the Lorentz Force under certain conditions is
one way to ap toe eternal reconse for sate me expansion, which is come part ever ande
allow extraction of force to generate power anywhere in the universe.
The main technical issues, as clearly stated in the proposal will be finding the best materials and
configuration of the device to optimize its efficiency. Finding or creating materials with the
required properties, especially the dielectric is nontrivial and will be the highest risk part of this
research. I know based on US Army and Navy research with existing materials (research
initiated by
concepts), significant forces will be generated. If these apparently
above-unity forces can be made large enough to exceed the inefficiency of the power generator,
above-unity power generation is possible.
This proposal is truly unique when compared to all previous ones which I have seen or reviewed.
Most approached to power generation involve supposed breakthroughs in mechanical or
electronic configuration and at best are more efficient generators than presently available. This
proposal is the only one that has a plausible hypothesis on where an external force or energy can
be extracted to enable above unity power output from current infrastructure of less than 100%
efficient machines. In other words, a force would be extracted from "the void" which could be
harnessed in any of the ways that we currently convert forces into power.
The proposed research project is in the "High Risk - High Payoff" category. The price of not
performing this research is lose the possibility of having the opportunity to pioneer a brand new
technology. And, unless the proposed concept for power generation is eventually proven
impractical, it holds unlimited potential for future research and development.
In summary, the proposed research level and requested funding seems reasonable and
appropriate for the proposed tasks. Its underlying concept is simple, plausible, and brilliant. It
certainly merits favorable consideration towards being sponsored.
- F
