{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T00:33:09Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2177549, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119225-cold-fusion-times-summer-1993.pdf", "source_sha256": "134b0c71de6a189fcb635a17b5d4dc9b5a5246aacc37b1e10aebb4380180bc10"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 422, "chars": 2826, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE HAS GONE BEFORE
Metallic palladium
at
left)
is
shown fully
loaded with deuterium,
an isotope of hydrogen.
Heavy water (on the
right) is the source of
the
isotopic fuel for
"cold fusion".
COLD
FUSION
TIMES
volume 1 number 2
SUMMER 1993
THE JOURNAL
DEVOTED TO
RELEVANT RESEARCH
and DEVELOPMENTS
OF SAFE, RELIABLE
POWER SOURCES
Columbo, Sri Lanka
2001: THE COMING
AGE OF HYDROGEN
POWER
by Arthur C Clarke, C.B.E.
Fellow of King's College, London Chancellor,
International Space university Chancellor,
University of Moratuwa
The following are brief excerpts from
Prof. Clarke's Address to Pacific Area Senior
Officer Logistics Seminar (PASOLS) 29 March
1993, Colombo, Sri Lanka.
"I'm very happy to be here today, even
though I should really be in Washington ... in
the uptown
Theatre
to celebrate
the
25th
anniversary - I can't believe it! - of 2001: A
Space Odvssev.
Now, that movie provides a very good
example of how difficult it is to predict the
future. You may recall that in the film we
showed the Bell System and PANAM - well,
they've both gone, long before 2001. But I'm
Continued on page 3
Washington, D.C.
Cold Fusion and Alternative
Fusion Are the High Points of
U.S. Congressional Fusion
Energy Hearing
by Eugene F. Mallove, Sc.D
The Subcommittee on Energy of the
House.
Space,
Science,
and
Technology
Committee met on May 5, 1993 to discuss the
status and funding of fusion energy. The hearings
began at 1:30 pm in the Rayburn House Office
Building and lasted to 6:00 p.m. with only a few
15-minute breaks for votes on the House floor.
Continued on page 2
In March 1989 electrochemically induced
nuclear fusion reactions were reported,
initially
very difficult
reproduce.By mid 1993 many experiments
have
demonstrated
that
anomalous
nuclear processes occur in palladium
which
has been highly loaded
deuterium.
with
COLD FUSION TIMES is devoted to
novel research and developments in the
field popularly known as
cold fusion"
which has
1989.
expanded considerably since
This newsletter reports to its
readers on
current state-of-the-art
from around the world.
Cambridge, Massachusetts
Dr. Edmund Storms' (Los
Alamos National Laboratory)
Lecture at MIT
by M. Swartz, Cold Fusion Times
"reasons"
He suggested callir
e reactions CAN (for Chemical Assist
Continued on page 2
"... it was impossible to
believe, back im 1945, that
(satellite) TV relay
stations could operate
without & stall of
engineers changing tubes
and checking circuits"
*$$
It's mot gemerally realised
that the emergy cost of
going to the Moon is less
than a hundred dollars im
terms of kilowatt hours of
electricity."
***
•It is now beyond serious
dispute that anomalous
amøunts of emergy are
being produced from
hydrogem by some
umikmøwn reaction."
Prof. Arthur C. Clarke
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ON PAGE 2
@copyright l Technology

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1194, "chars": 8270, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1:
U.S. Congressional Fusion
Energy Hearing
The hot fusion program was the focus up to
about 4:00 pm, with the hot fusion ranks again coming to
ask for further hundreds of millions to continue their work.
After that, the heretofore outcasts - cold fusion and
aneutronic hot fusion -- were the subjects. So for the first
time since the House Science, Space, and Technology
hearing of April 1989, cold fusion really received an open
airing before an important congressional committee. Alter
the very positive reception at this meeting, it appears to
this observer likely that further Congressional exploration
of cold fusion research will occur.
The "ice has been
broken," with Congress showing that it is can no longer be
intimidated by the foolish mockery of cold fusion by the
scientific establishment.
ARTICLE
1
2001 - The Comino Ago
...-
of Hydrogan Pover
Cold
FUBiOn
Impact
Cold fusion and History
los setter to J. Pays. Chem.
storal' Lettes to Congress
IRE' MIT Lecture
Taubes Revien
D.8.
.460.-.
That's Happenin
AUTHOR
LOC'N
"
Clarke
FoX
Rothwel1
Milos
BtormE
Swartz
Mallove
Mallove
VEILOUS
I1
CONTINUED FROM PAGE I :
Dr. Storms' MIT Lecture
Testifying for cold fusion was Dr. Edmund
Storms of Los Alamos National Laboratory. Adding to the
cold fusion case - low-temperature
energy exiraction upon noting that the good electrodes do **NOT** increase in volume as much inactive
from water - was Dr. Randell Mills of Hydrocatalysis
Dr.! Storms' data supports this criterion.
As discussed in his
Power Corporation,
who presented his outlook
and
FUSION TECHNOLOGY article (3/93, Volume 23, p230):
"Measurement of Excess
revealed new experimental achievements.
During this
Heat from a Pons-Fleischman-type Electrolytic cell using Palladium Sheet":
"Alternative Programs" session, Dr. Bogdan Maglich of
"The first [active] sheet contained 0.8% excess volume after having
Advanced Physics Corporation presented a strong defense
been deloaded from its maximum deuterium/palladium (D/Pd) ratio of 0.82 to
of his helium-3-deuterium collider scheme and attacked
DOE's tokamak program. Dr. Klaus Berkner of Lawrence
0.73, and the second [inactive] sheet contained 13.5% excess volume while at
Berkeley Laboratory; Aitemative Programs"
who spoke about heavy ion inertial
its maximum ratio of 0.75."
fusion during this
session must
BRIEF SUMMARY: The excess beats were 20% (of input power)
have felt very out of place on this panel of heretics; by the
with a peak of 7.5 Watts excess. The equipment included sealed calorimeters,
standards of the mainline hot fusion program he was a
stirred, with a spatial distribution of temperature sensors. The distributed cluster
heretic too.
of temperature probes continmed that the heat output was trom the cathode.
part of the meeting was chaired by
This lecture completed another year of CF seminars arranged by Profs. Smullin and
Congresswoman Marilyn Lloyd (D- Tennessee);Congressman Dick Swell Hagelstein. Like the others, this seminar was also well-attended, but this time, no negative comments
(D- New Hampshire) chaired the "Alternative Programs" session.
With the relative absence of hot fusioneers, the distribution of scientists seemed
*Panel One" - Opening Comments:
Dr. N. Anne Davies, Associate Director for Fusion Energy, DOE
displaced towards metallurgists, material, environmental, energy, and CF scientists.
Dr. Harold Forsen, Senior VP for Research and Development, Bechtel Corporation,
"Panciwo* - TOKAMAK Programs
COLD FUSION IMPACT
Dr. Paol-Henri Rebut Director,
(internationa, Thermonuclear Experimental
Reactor), San Diezo Co-Center, LaJolla, CA
by Hal Fox
Dr. Charles Baker, ITER, US Home Team Leader, Oak Ridge National Laboratory [ The following is an excerpt from this excellent book which goes into considerable detail along many important issues]
Dr. Ronzid C. Davidson, Director, Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory
*Penel Three* - Alternative Programs
I. IMPACT ON GOVERNMENTS
Dr. Klaus Bertner, Associale Laboratory Director, Operations, Lawrence Berkeley
Laboratory, Berkeley, CA
Governments around the world are beginning to sense the revolutionary impact of cold fusion energy.
Dr. Bordan C. Maglich, Chief Scientist, Advanced Physics Corporation, Irvine, CA
To predict future patterns, it is valuable to consider why strongly different responses to cold fusion
Dr. Edmond Stonos, Staff Member, Los Alamos Nationa, Laboratory
have already emerged in various nations.
Dr. Randell L. Mills, Hydrocatalysis Power Corporation, Lencaster, PA
Defining the spirit of the session, Congresswoman
GLOBAL RESPONSE: A STUDY IN. CONTRAST
Marilyn Lloyd said in
ber opening
remarks,
"..our fusion
Immediately after the announcement of the important discovery of cold fusion by Fleischmann and
program may be entering a state of reassessment. This, in
Pons, scientists worldwide began working on replication of the Fleischmann-Pons Bilect (FPE). By
part, may be the result of not having produced a fusion energy
May 10, 1989, a lengthy article in the India Times. (Bombay) reported on the successes of several
plant. Or maybe it's because we are all becoming more arare
teams of, Indian scientists. By July 31, 1989, Japanese successes led to la cold fusion workshop in
of the pressure on federal research funds."
Japan, and the next day, 80 scientists from 15 universities were assigned to work on cold fusion
Dr. N. Anne Davies's prepared statement acknowledged the
Réportedly, three national coordinating groups in Japan were fored to coordinate experimental,
magnetic fusion program's objective of a "Demonstration Power Plant" by
theoretical, and applicational projects. By August 1989, India had 18 teams of four research workers in
about 2025 and an
at least three national research laboratories working on cold fusion, with one research team working on
enhancing the production of neutrons for medical and scientific purposes. In mainland China, a special
conference on cold fusion was held in late summer of 1990. Over 100 papers were presented, nearly all
of them positive. A visiting Chinese scientist traveled to Japan where he learned there were over 90
Continued on page 4
groups in Japan's colleges and universities working on cold fusion. In the U.S., this scientist reported
On the strong enthusiasm for cold fusion developments which he found in China and Japan. He could
not understand why there was so little support for cold fusion in the United States.
In America, the fusion research teams were nearly all working on hot fusion and lacked the
Becrose of rapidly developing technologies in cold fusion research
COLD FUSION TIMES is available for home or office delivery.
COLDFUSION TIMES brings up-to-date, relevant information to
Ro COLD FUSION TIMES IS not responsible for the consente
of its reparters of readers whose words remain protocted by the First
Amendment of the U.S. Constitution, Questions, cotaments,
sustestions, and contributors are welcome.
experimental knowledge of working with electrochemical fusion. As a group, the hot fus ioneers had
effective control over technical inputs to those in control of DOE funding. By giving wide publicity to
failures to replicate cold fusion, the hot fusioneers effectively prevented higher officials in the U. S.
government from receiving the truth about the gradual and increasing successes of cold fusion research.
Even though many of these successes came from DOE-funded national energy laboratories, the
pressure of dollar allocation in favor of existing hot fusion research resulted in the cutoff of funding to
most of the cold fusion research in U. S. government-supported national energy laboratories.
Of these
ten laboratories only Los Alamos National Laboratory had any significant cold fusion work that was
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
@opyriet Technology
being conducted at the end of 1992. The end result has been that the Bush administration had been made
he unwitting party to a disgracciu, treatment of an important new energy science. As the truth become:
FUSION TIMES"
Et Tobabai
mown, it is likely that a Congressional investigation will be launched, possibly with vigorous voca
condemnation of the Bush administration and Secretary of Energy W atkins.
Continued on page 5

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 856, "chars": 5449, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
CONTINUED FROM PAGE1:
2001: THE COMING AGE OF
HYDROGEN POWER
happy to see that the Hilton, which we also showed in 2001,
is still bere, though not yet in orbit!
This proves how
impossible it is to predict social and political developments.
However we can, to some extent, anticipate
technological developments, by observing what's going on in
science and engineering. But the problem there is predicting
when things will happen, even though one can be quite
certain that they will.
A good example is provided by my 1945 paper on
communications satellites, which I imagined would be large,
manned spacestations. When I wrote that, World War II was
still in progress, and I was working on Ground Controlled
Approach Radar, which had the then enormous number of
something like a thousand vacuum tubes in it, at least one of
which would blow everyday. So it was impossible to believe,
back in 1945, that TV relay stations could operate without a
staff of engineers changing tubes and checking circuits. But
of course, the transistor and the solid state revolution came
along within a few years, and what I'd assumed would have
to be done by large manned stations could be achieved by
satellites the size of oil drums. So everything 1 imagined
would be done around the end of the century happened
decades in advance.
Dr. Arthur C. Clarke in Sri Lanka with his favorite
computer and (?) parasentient mammal - Photograph by
The Washington Post (3/9/92) by Robert Nickelsberg
"It is now
beyond serious
dispute that
anomalous
amounts of
energy are being
produced from
bydrogen by
some unknown
reaction."
So now I want to change the subject completely, to
something perhaps even more important than the communications
revolution. But first I'd like to mention a bit of forgotten history. in
December 1903, Orville & Wilbur staggered off the ground in North
Carolina, and made the first controlled flight in a heavier-than-air
machine.
and Fleischmann were laughed out of court. Thai was the last anyone heard of them for a couple
of years.
But meanwhile, there had been an underground movement of scientists
who believed that there might be something in all this business, and started
experiments of their own • often in defiance of their employers. Pons and
Fleischmann went to France just like the wright Brothers. - and are now
working in 8 laboratory near Nice, financed by a Japanese consortium,
Technova.
It is now beyond serious dispute that anomalous amounts of energy are
being produced from hydrogen by some unknown reacuon.
The- term 'cold fusion'
- 'C/F' - has stuck because no one can think of anything
better. However, the sceptics who originally pooh-poohed the whole thing (appeared to have
had a very good point. If it really was fusion, (they claimed) the experimenters should be dead!
Where were the neutrons and gamma rays and tritium and helium - the lethal 'ashes' such a
reaction should produce.? Well, they have now been detected - but in quantities far too small 1o
account for the energy liberated. The theoretical basis of C/F is therefore still a major mystery -
as was the energy produced by radio-activity and uranium fission when they were first
Yet for five years, Washington didn't believe
that the Wright brothers had actually flown - because
everybody knew it was impossible: leading scientists were
still writing papers proving it couldn't be done. Not until
the Wrights went to France and started giving public
demonstrations did the boys in the War Department say
"My goodness, these things really can ily. Perhaps they
may even be useful for reconnaissance. We'd better look
into it". And they did - five years late. Well, history has
accurately named "Cold Fusion.
what's been (perhaps
You all know of course, that the Sun is powered by the
fusion of Hydrogen atoms, when they combine to make belium.
Tremendous efforts have been made to reproduce this reaction on
earth and produce virtually unlimited amounts of energy.
Now please fasten your seat-belts: after these modest daydreams, I want to really
in 1982, I published 2010: Odyssev Il and dedicated it to m
end Cosmonaut Alexei Leonoy - and to Academician Andrei Sakharo
… and in the novel
uggested that, in his enforced solitude, he'd invented a spaceship engine based on the
He didn't, of course, so that's a piece of fictitious history. However, three Russian
scientists who have indeed been working on nuclear propulsion for rockets have now got into the
Literally billions of dollars have been spent in efforts to
reach the multi-million degree temperatures in the heart of the Sun,
where this reaction occurs. One day these experiments wil succeed,
but so far only a few percent of the input energy has been obtained
for very short periods of time.
However, just four years ago, two scientists named Pons
and Fleischmann claimed to have achieved 'Cold Fusion" at room
temperature in certain metals saturated with deuterium, the heavy
isotope of hydrogen.
fusion - but it's certainly ice-cold compared with the tens of millions of degrees the hot
fusioneers art talking about.
than a hundred dollars in terms of kilowatt hours of electricity. The fact that the Apollo round
tickets cost about two billion dollars per passenger is a measure of the chemically-fuelied
This, of course, created a world-wide sensation, and many rocket's inefficiency.
laboratories tried to repeat the experiments. They all failed, and Pons
Continued on page 8

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1800, "chars": 11797, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1 :
U.S.
Congressional Hearing
347.6 milion, supporting four program elements: conducting D-T experiments at Princeton in th
FFTR, participating in the engineeriog design phase of ITER, initiating the detailed desigo of the TPX
(another proposed machide for Princeton), and continuing a base program of physics and technology
support.
Dr. Davies's prepared statement, loaded with ponderous bureaucratese, says at one point:
"The Operating Expenses request also provides 59.2 million in Program Direction funds for the salaries, benefits, travel
and other expenses associated with 81 full-time equivalents required to administer the Fusion Energy program by the
Headquarters staff and those at DOE Field Offices; and S4.9 million in the Planng and Projects subprogram to support
the program's legzi obligation to tbe Small Business Innovation Rescarch Program."
'Just a fraction of that admolnistrativt
ortrbead would fund a much needed cold fusion rescarch effort in universities and small businesses.
Anotber farce of
the current DOE fusion program: the published SBIR requests as the y now stand art written up to explicity exclude cold
fusion proposals.
The otber bot fusioncers who followed Davies reiterated what their leader had raid, bur there were some
mycating ZEIs - explicit wzmings NOT to be diverted by other non-tokamat hot fusion concepts. An exemple was a
part af the testimony of Dr. Harold Forsen of Bechtel Corporation: "I worry very much about not geting on with the D-T
fueled tokrmats at the cipense of too much second guessing of what raight be cheaper, smaller or fueled with more
exotic, remote fuels." 'The U,S. bot fusioneers plan to spend an "estimated" $450 million between 1992 and 1998 on
"Engineering Design Activities," which are then so be followed "if the (international] parties eftoe," by a seven-yeer
construction phase so that TTER could begin to operale in 2005.
Congresenan Harris Fawell of Illinois diplomatically sbowed his impatience with the hot fusion program.
He read the following staterpent into the record:
"Madata Chairman, I share your view that the fusion program may be
entering a state of reassessment And, in fact, this reassessment may be long overduc.
I was particularly struck by the
roctat remarts of Dr. Robert L. Hirsch at the March 5, 1993 roeting of DOE's Fusion Energy Advisory Committee. Dr.
Hirsch, who was once bead of DOE's magnetic fusion energy program and is now a Vice President of the Electric Power
Rescerch Institute (EPRJ) made the following observations:
4
reactors would lose out to advanced fission reactors, which are a reliable, known quantity.
" None of the very few fusion-knowledgeable utility people be had spoken with believes that tolamek or laser fusion
reactors, as currendy envisioned, would be acceptable to the electric utilities.
* There are some enormous materials problems related to DT fusion. There ate no qualified materials today for DT
fusion reactors. In the absence of development of a low activity material — a very costly and time consuming undertaking
you will have to effectively rebuild your fusion reactor every 5-10 years and dispose of many times the amount o
dioactivity that wouid come from a fission reactor of the same power leve
And then there's ITER, If tokamak reactors, as currendy envisionca, aren't acceptable, can TTER possibly be justificdi
I you build ITER, it will become the flagship of fusion and will likely eliminate the chance of serious funding fo
liternate concepis.
-If what ITER
represents is seriously considered in public debate, there is a high probability that ITER will not be
supported and the fusion program could collapse.
Dr. Hirsch closed his remarks with severu recommendations including:
cale-up of alternat: RdiD concepts as fast as possible.
• Get of the bade rate to said free need some on gues radiate dosal, and expensive
materials devcloptent.
**+
I am aiso concerned about other aspects of the planned fusion energy programo,
including:
* The role of, and the need for, a new proposed tokamak device, TPX, for which the DOE budget documents provide
neitber a cost estimate, a time schedule, nor an understandable rationale of why it is so important
• The roduction of there one at oners art it went this be expensive contained and
safety, and other envirosmental concerts
decommissioning of the machine. Is the scicact we will get worth this cost, or would it be more cost effective to rely on
JET, whuch bas altady used titto?
* Fronily, the continued operation of other tokamaks, including Alcator C-Mod and the DIII-D totamzks, in this budget
climate means that we cennot afford to pursue promising alternate concepts. Are we really getting our money's worth
from tema?
opening remarks concisely summarized what the Lancaster, PA effort is all about: "Hydrocatalysis Power Corpotation
(HPC) bas an extensive theoretical and experimentzi research program of producing energy from bight-water electrolytic
zod ficater have been in operation for more than one year.
coes are Nor on age or her go a rest a as i atased in carie pres thereby le
eleron of le hydrogen atom is induced to undergo a transition to a lower electronic energy level
than the ground state
is defined by the usuzi model of the atom, The lower energy states of hyurogco have been identified in natun, FIrE and
Tbenmacore!
be technology flove a Te Tonginal experiment has be scaled up by a factor of
one-thousand,
compositions
Struc
of the Ryeroes is probe have been t
empositation eli priority date of April 21, 1989.
existence of below ground state hydrogen atoms. Al one point the statement says.
dom about possiblé nucles
tolts about a phenomenon that has been conventionally called
Much
are useful insights.
pollution or significant radioactivity,
Continued on page 8
Excerpts from Dr. Edmund Storms'
(Los Alamos) Letter to Congressman Dick
Swett and Congressional Hearing
.. A careful and extensive examination of available information
has convinced me and many other scientists that most of the original claims
made by Drs. Pons and Fleischmann have been supported by many researchers
world-wide. The phenomenon is now reproducible if correct procedures are
used, the magnitude of excess heat production has occasionally approached
useful levels, and the results are now described in many peer reviewed
scientific joumals. In addition, the phenomenon has been demonstrated under
a variety of conditions including those employed by conventional physicists.
However, a satisfactory explanation is still lacking. For this and other reasons,
the reality of the phenomenon is not generally accepted. If this were just
another example of conventional science being slow to accept new ideas, l
would
be content to wait for nature to take its course.
However,
this
phenomenon is of such importance that none of us can afford to wait. The
need for a cheap and COz-free energy source is becoming increasingly
important. Cold Fusion has the potential for solving this problem
while
leading to a complete change in the world's energy economy, a new and more
useful theory of nuclear interaction in a periodic lattice, and a less messy way
to make tritium and other isotopes. If changes are not made in the approach
now taken by the US, the Japanese will dominate this technology.
These
ardazing claims can be better believed if some of the observations are
understood.
A fusion reaction between two deuterium nuclei appears to occur
in palladium and other metals when the deuterium/metal ratio exceeds a
certain value. Because this high loading is difficuit to achieve, heroic methods
must be used. These have included the now classical electrochemical method,
gas discharge in deuterium at iow voltages, ion implantation of D(+] at high
voltages, and diffusion assisted gas loading. Apparently, the method is not
important as long as
the necessary deuterium concentration is achieved.
Different nuciear reactions appear to be initiated depending on the chemical
environment and the flux of deuterium.
These reactions have resulted in the
production of tritium, helium, and various products that result from nuclear
reactions between palladium and deuterium, ....
Heat production has reached leveis that not only exceed by many orders of
magnitude any conceivable chemical source, but occasionally exceed breakeven if used
as an industrial source of energy. Skeptics who suggest that the beat has a chemical origin
fail to note that this explanation would suggest a phenomenon that would be more
amazing and useful than if the heat were caused by a mucicar reaction. Power density
above 1000 watt/cm[3] of palladium has been reported using thin films as well as bulk
metal. This is higher than the power density of a conventional nuclear reactor. It is clear
that if such high power density can be sustained, the rarity of palladium would pot be a
problem. Although most studies have made beat at temperatures between 20 deg and 100
deg C, a few examples exist of heat being made at temperatures above 450 deg C using
clectrolytic cells based on fused salts. The challenge is to make the process work at still
higher temperatures.
Surprisingly, significant beat has also resulted when normal water
containing Li[2|CO|3), Na|2|CO(3), K[2}CO(3}, or Rb 2)CO(3) is electrolyzed
using high surface area nickel as the cathode. Some evidence has been reported showing
that the heat is caused by proton pickup causing atomic transmutation to the next higher
element. Significant bear and nuclear products have also been reported when palladium
was bombarded by low energy deuterium ions produced in a gas discharge. This method,
developed in Russia, shows convincing signs of producing sufficient heat to make scaleur
for industrial use very practical.
Clear evidence for nuclear products has also been
eported. This technique appears to be easier to scaleup than is presently expen
Ising the hot fusion methoc
In spite of the perceived limitations of the initial work reported by
Drs. Pons and Fleischmann, the absence of adequate theory, or the general
skepticism of the scientific profession,
this field is moving ahead.
While
support is very limited in this country, the Japanese government through MITI
and several companies are funding and encouraging a broadly based plan of
research involving industry and
university cooperation.
Four teams
‚scientists from Japan are now visiting laboratories in the US, Italy, and India
in search of ways to develop joint efforts. Drs. Pons and Fleischmann are now
working in France under Japanese sponsorship. Significant studies are also
occurring in India (Bhabha
Centre), Italy (University of Rome,
Laboratori Nazionali Di Frascati), Russia (Lutch), and China. Presently, the
only regular source of funding in the US is provided by EPRI (Electric Power
Research Institute) and to a lesser extent by Southern Califomia Edison.
Various other companies are slowly getting into the field. Studies are
continuing at the Los Alamos National Laboratory by three groups with very
modest and erratic suppon. Each of these groups has obtained significant
positive results in different aspects of the phenomenon.
Work in the US is lagging because the Patent Office refuses to
issue patents, and the DOE, as well as other agencies, refuse to acknowledge
the importance of the field. I do not need to remind you that if the possibilities
that this field offer are eventually realized, our failure now to create an
intellectual infrastructure and legal protection will be very damaging. If
changes are not made soon, this technology will be dominated in the future by
others.
Even those
who
suffer from cautious skepticism should see an
advantage to promoting a field having such extraordinary potential.
very sincercly,
Edmund Storms

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 952, "chars": 6392, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
COLD FUSION TIMES
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 2:
COLD FUSION IMPACT
Little or no electrochemical work was being performed in the ten U. S. Lax-supported
nuclear laboratories at the time of the FPE announcement. Secretary Watkins asked the
national laboratories to investigate the FPE claims even though few scientists at these
laboratones were skilled in the ar. .
However,
many.
Department of Energy funded
scientists began to attempt the replication of the FPE. Most of the initial reported results
were negative, Later, there were positive results from Brookhaven, Oak Ridge, and Los
Alamos National Laboratories,
where scientists were successful in replicating cold
fusion
Subsequently, thanks to the continued efforts of many (200 - 300) dedicated
scientists around the world, research work in cold fusion continued : professional
meetings were beld; papers were prepared, peer-reviewed, and published; and the news
gradually spread that cold fusion was real but not fully understood nor easy to replicate.
DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY
MALAPONS DIYISION
OMELA LAKL CALI DAVA 89878-800$
MRIMYRTIATO:
3910
C02353/126
13 Арт 93
Dr. A. I. Nozik, Serior Editor
The Joumel of Physieal Chemistry
Nadional Renewable Focigy Laboratory
1617 Cole Boulevand
Golden, Colorado 80401
Deas Dr. Nazik:
Jo trply to
ring
Unne Palladiun Cubodes", I mould like to fuzke soroe compments for the record repurding this
This dramatic difference in carly cold fusion achievements requires some
explanation.
RESPONSE IN INDIA AND JAPAN
India is a land of 800 million people. The growth in energy production is a critical
Dational priority. Therefore, a few goverment-supported scientists had for several years
cen expenmenting with vanous forms of nuclear fusion to help solve the nationa.
energy problem. Some indian scientists were working in the area of cold fusion and the
electrolysis of heavy water, seeking the means by which the vast energy of water (often
of the deuterium in water) could be unleashed.
When Pons and Fleischmann announced their incredible discovery, scientists in India
had only to modify some of the experiments
they were already
pertonning.
Several
teams from nuclear energy laboratories in India replicated the Fleischmann-Pons Effect
(FPE) within a few weeks.
The exploitation of India during its colonial period left a
nation with a large population, minimal industry (as compared to USA or Japan), a good
educational system with a high English-language Literacy (and thus inclined to read
english-language journals),
and a strong desire to be industrially independent. India's
national energy policy is directed more to internal survival and raising the standard of
living internaliy than to global marketing
Japan, in contrast, ererged as the post World War il leader in manufacturing and
marketing of high technology. products. Japan now has one of the world's highest
standards of living, a large positive balance of payments, and a strong national desire to
achieve in the development of important new iechnologies. Japan's goals appear to be
global and driven by wealth accumulation, while India's and China's goals appear to be
centered on solving their internal development problems using their own buman and
natural resources.
These two dissimilar nations -- India and Japan - have emerged as two of
the best organized and most successful in developing early international
leadership in this exciting new area of cold fusion.
Both nations initiated
carly research work under national direction for the development and
exploitation of cold fusion phenomena.
However, the continued negative comments about cold fusion trom prestigious
publications,
such as Nature
and Scientific American,
caused goverment official
support of cold fusion to diminish in India. Meanwhile, in Japan, the successes were not
warred by the negative English-language press. Cold fusion research continued because
the pay off had such an enormous potential and cold fus ion became gradually accepted
India'
s cold fusion
under the active leadership
of Dr. M.
Srinivasan of the Bhabha Atomic Research
abba Come each Centre aromay A there was
decreasing oficial support, the BARC scientists have some choice in research projects.
Therefore, many of these scientists continued to explore the new science of cold fusion,
By setting an active example in energy development, India may yet strongly,
influence
the national energy
of many other
encouragement of conchued investigation of cold fusion, especially of the light-water
electrochemical
germen toproved cold fusion research in india.
catalyst
JOI
more
Lewis (probatly Reviser 2) or Dr, Saeven Jones (Fobebly Revlew 3) of simllar refertes will
bretturable
Repeates of scienting men, to miles
touch with any new results in thi
Secoad, I would like to addres
major estument that me
detected in
ExcEss
simply do not prodoce any escallous effecs ne perdless of the palladium cathode i
Dily bir
4, provia very linio other than the fact that these effec
are elusive. I can also show resultt frora miny
íum DzO experimenu Inyo vig moaths a
work where no anomalous eflects were detecte
i inclades my fire publication co this topi
entists cited above
ad helend the men or do the cuire of Santo Reset
Tystems,
DO FOR E
critical clorimetie error tuch at those
of dental filma does not
COLDFUSION
Cold Fusion Impact
by Hal Fox, Ed. Fusion Facts
found it interesting that all the seviewers igoored the tact that compictely a
‹periment azain shored simultancoUs exience for cacess potts, nalimo prodoction, i
effect of heliura diffusion throuch the glass was eliminated by entapolatin, measurement bac
o the time of the fus temple collectiors (ace figure (2) of my manuscrips). Furbermort, L
elium mettucents were misch more accurate than in our provious expetiments, Thes restl
equin yielded 1011 - 1012 helium nons per second per matt of excers porti. It simply cranor b
coincideatal that cells producing more
content of this belts propond to what road be pace t nuclear a for typical fus
tb
Sicartly
Melin H. Miles
DR MELVIN HA MILES
Ph.D. Puysical Chemistry
NAWCHPNS Fellow
The April 13, '93 letter above by Dr.
Melvin
Miles demonstrates the frustration felt
through out the cold fusion field within the United
States.
We salute Dr. Miles, and the rest of the
women and men in the trenches deserve the
deepest
gratitude of all for their persistent
courage and diligence.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1635, "chars": 10315, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Cold Fusion And History
by Jed Rothwell, Cold Fusion Research Advocates
Throughout history, most new ideas and theories were, at first, rejected
out of band. This is true of correct ideas, incorrect ones, big ones, and little ones,
including many that do not seem controversial now. A century ago, when someone
suggested thai the newly invented "zipper" be used to close the fly on men's
trousers, the idea was met with gales of laughter and derision. When I suggested in
1979 that the newiy
invented microprocessor might eventually take away
minicomputer business, the management of my company (and of IBM, and DEC
thought the idea was absurd. The acceptance — or rejection - of an idea cannot be
used to predict it's future success.
Experimental, evidence, no matter bow simple and overwhelmingly
convincing,
is usually ignored for a period of years. You can fly an airplane in
front of bundreds of people right next to the urban transport trolley line; you can
circulate photographs, data, and affidavits from leading citizens saying that they
nave witnessed flights. It does not matter what you do; the leading establishment
scientists, the Anny, the Scientific American, and the New York Times will go on
denying that airplanes exist year after year, and they will never bother to check the
facts firsthand, In a world that has never seen a glass lightbulb, you can string
electric incandescent lights on poles outside a laboratory.
come from miles around to see it, but the experts will say it cannot be true. They
will denounce you, and they will not bother coming out to check, even if you are the
most important inventor in the world, and you have backing from J.P. Morgan. You
can show a video of a boling cell, and hand out data, and be replicated in hundreds
of the world's leading laboratories at levels of confidence as high as sigma 90, but
the "skeptics" will ignore you, even if Toyota has given you care blanche support.
These patters of history have been repeated over and over again. They
should not surprise anyone. It is disappointing that the Scientific American is as
stupid today as it was in 1879, or in 1908, but is not surprising, because human
nature has not changed. Experts are human beings, after all, they make dreadful
mistakes as often as anyone, only on a grander scale. When a cook makes a dreadful
crass somewhere, a of sond body loses a endire of mash ou in comaler
When industrialists,
experts, and leaders make mistakes, it leads to events like the Titanic Disaster, the
Battle of the Somme, the bankruptcy of the Pennsylvania Railroad, the Challenger
Explosion, the S&L collapse, and other horrors.
I'be treatment of Ch in the
• U.S. is merely the latest example of stupendous miscalculation and
Two very well documented examples of this tendency exist: Both the
establishment scientific opposition, which went on for years. For people interested
in these examples, I recommend the Wright's "authorized" biography, The Wright
Brothers by Fred C. Kelly (with help from Orville Wright; and a superb "warts and
all" biography of Edison titled A Streak of Luck, by Robert Conor.
Regarding Edison, let's look at the situation in late 1879. This was 3
years after Bell invented the telephone, and about six months after Edison got
enous about the incandescent light. He had gone through four design iterations
реп air, vacuum, partial vacuum... He and his crew were doing "reeth grinding
Íl-nighters, and he was getting nowhere. His design goal was to produce lights that
could be "subdivided;" that is, run in parallel circuits,
eventual solution was to use high resistance 100 ohm filaments instead of 5 ohm arc
lights. But in 1879, no scientist on earth imagined that a high ohm light could exist.
When Edison later claimed be had one, very few scientists believed him.
Edison had revealed the phonograph April 1878. He was proclaimed the
scientist of the ages
he showed the phonograph in the offices of Scientific
American, and at the White House..
The reporters found out that he had patented
158 inventions, and by the fall of 1878 he was acclaimed the "Napoleon of Science"
and "Wizard of Menlo Park." Arc lights and other experimental incandescent lights
had been around for about 15 years, but they were not practical or economical
compared to gaslight. There was no question that the phenomenon existed, and there
sbould have been no question that if anyone could bring it to commercial reality,
Edison could. But he hadn't done it yet, he was being lambasted in the press and the
scientific establishment. He was busy doing science by press conference:
"Popping
into the newspaper pages like a vaudeville announcer going onstage to usher in each new act
dison set off a scientific brothaha of unprecedented proportions..
such startine announcements as tnes
should be depreciated as being unworthy of scitact and mischievous to its true progress."" (P
129)
By zod by, Edison got the thing to work, so be strung up several lights on poles
nearby, and could have driven his buggy over any time,
is ofessor ver any Mine, tell compelled to press bebair of
true science.' The results of Edison's experients, be asserted, were 'a conspicuous failure
mumpeted as a wonderful success. A fraud upon the public.'
The "prestigious" Professor Du Moncel said, "One must have lost all recollection
of American hoaxes to
accept such claims.
The sorcerer of Menlo Park appears not to be
acquainted with the subtleties of the electrical science. Mr. Edison takes us backwards." A letter
in Scientific American attacked the light bulb and the newly improved dypamo, saying it would
be "aimost a public calamity if Mr. Edison should employ his great talent on such a puerility."
Edwin Weston, a respected arc light specialist called Edison's claims, "so manifestly absurd as
to indicate a positive want of knowledge of the clectric circuit and the principles governing the
construction and operation of clectrical machines." (p. 162)
light may be put to one side. It is certainly not goine to take the place of gas." (Anxiety!)
• no
Finally, the light began to dawn (as it were). For one thing, people realized that
Edison was, after all, a world famous inventor applying for a license to illuminate a
neighborhood in New York, and he was getting huge amounts of carte blanche
financing
from the world's most canny,
successful investors, including I. P.
Morgan. People who had their head screwed on straight began to wonder whether
J.P. Knew something they did not now. People realized that J.P.'s men had good
tech Toy du eat spending milos years i cannot bel bes the they have
and Toyota
accidently mistaken 20C for 80C, or 0 watts for 100 watts.
Gradually, the "daffy skeptic brigades" swung into absurd denial, phase
"maybe these weird effects do exist after all, but we see
phonograph was invented and the telephone was paraded before the
adminng
public, promises of magical results were lavishly made. How signally they have
failed of perfection everyone now knows.*
Three years after the telephone had been introduced, the datty skeptics
were busy writing it off as a useless toy! "It may exist,' they said,
'but it is
marginal, don't sell your telegraph stocks yet!' They knew that Bell had been
wrapped up in litigation for years, and could not raise capital, and could not get to
work, and they knew that he was fighting the biggest, most powerful vested interest
in the world: Western Union. They knew that the development was tied up in knots
by hostile opposition and severe technical challenges, but they figured three years
should be enough to bring it to fruition no matter what the obstacles. It was all
over, they said, the telephone was a failure.
This is the same nonsense we bear
today from some skeptics who expect people to conduct and publish clean
beautiful CF experiments even though they know that there is not a single dollar of
money; that most universities strictly ban all work (even when the researchers offer
to pay for the equipment); thar workers face unending hostility and accusations of
fraud; and that no journal editor will print even a short letter about CF. It's all over,
he says, because the number of articles has declined.
Phase Il denial always kicks in after a while. The establishment
lambasted the
Wrights for five years as bluffers,
and never
bothered to send a reporter to Dayton. The Scientific American and the New York
Times never acknowledged the photographs and affidavits (just as today they
refuse toacknowledge videos, data, and letters from MITI). Occasionally, a positive
note would creep into S.A., but it would immediately be countered by another
strong denial. The expens made up their minds instantly, the moment they heard
the news in 1903, and that was that. Even after the 1908 demonstration flight at Ft.
Myres, VA, one of the leading skeptics jumped up and said 'okay, it's real, but they
will never be able to carry a passenger.
They already had caried a passenger, and
they did it again a week later. History does not record what the skeptic said after
that, but I am sure it was something like: 'okay, but it isunreliable, dangerous and
expensive; it will never be practical.
So, here we are 115 years after the incandescent light, 90 years after the
airplane, and we have just entered "absurd denial phase II" with CF. Here is Dr.
David Williams, Professor of Chemistry at University College London, lambasting
cold fusion in Physics Today:
"Indeed, it is important to say that there do seem to
be some good measurements which indicate the possible occurrence
interesting
phenomenon.
of an
But what profit is there in such an inefficient,
unreliable, dangerous and expensive energy storage method?"
Cold Fusion Research
Advocates 2060 Peachtree
Industrial Court, Suite
312-F
Chamblee,
Georgia 30341
Phone: 404-451-9890
Fax: 404-458-2404
We are preparing the next issue of this
newsletter.
Would you like to submit a
contribution?
an announcement?
COLD PUSION TIMIES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
e-mail tnica@world.std.com
Editorial Cartoon
adapted after Fusion
Facts (2/92), entitled
"DAVID &
GOLIATH
REVISITED"
"Cold-Fusion" DAVID
takes on "Hot-Fusion"
GOLIATH with greater
output and greater
"active"-time!!
HOLD TH
GOLIATH
LOOK AT MY
SUCCESS RAIL
VERSUS YOURSE
FUSN
INPUT
FOR
SECONDS
. 408%
EXCESS

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1497, "chars": 9599, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
The article describes convincing evidence
*** The Short Life and Coming
Hard Times of Bad Publishing ***
in disie express entre of nos connicans niced
including
reproducible
boiling
conditions
fusion cells that generate several kilowatts of excess
• Bad Science: The Short Life
energy per cubic centimeter of palladium cathode. This
and Very Hard Times of Cold Fusion"
work
was presented openly
by
DTs.
Pons
and
Random House, June, 1993, 461 pages, $25.00
Fleischmann last October at the
Third International
Conference on Cold Fusion in Nagoya, Japan.
Video
by Gary laubes
tapes of the boiling cells were sown publicly. Mr.
Taubes wasn't there, nor was he at the Second Annual
A Critical Review by Eugene F. Mallove, Sc.D.
international
Conference on Cold Fusion in Como,
The promotional fiyer,
the reviewer's
*incorrected proor copy of Bad Sae o,
Italy in 1991. It is highly unlikely that Mr. Taubes will
attend the Fourth International Conference on Cold
shouts this small-minded book's preposterous bottom line:
Fusion in December, 1993, which will be sponsored in
In a fast-paced news-breaking account that reads like a
Hawaii by EPRI, the research arm of the U.S, electric
novel, noted science joumalist Gary Taubes brings to life
utility industry.
one of the greatest scientific frauds of our times."
The promotional flyer of Bad science says
Remarkably,
author Gary.
Taubes
that Random House will send the author on a tour to
contends
that
cold
fusion research is
include at least New York, Washington, D.C., Salt
ake City, and Los Angeles. The publishes plans to
wide-spread scientific fraud perpetrated by
advertise the book, in The New York Times (Science
thousands of scientists, most of
Whom are
Times). Strange, because in the November 17, 1992
obsessed with a quest for weaith and lame from
a
issue of Science Times there appeared the revealing
non-existent
phenomenon.
Because of his
article by Andrew J. Pollack, "Cold Fusion, Derided in
stubborn belief in this alleged *fraud*, Taubes
dismisses the continuing scientific efforts of
the field, while also whing Amerates ne vivists of
while also quoting American negativists of
thousands of cold fusion research scientists and
Mr. Taubes's ilk. Bad Science is certainly part of that
derision, as was Mr. Taubes's 1990 unsubstantiated
engineers in over a dozen countries and at scores
and later disproved accusation in Science magazine
of institutions - including
the U.S. Electric
that cold fusion cells were probably deliberately spiked
Power Research Institute (EPRI), the Japanese
with tritium at Texas A&M University.
Ministry of International Trade and Industry
(MITI, and numerous corporations - mostly
Allegations
of fraud
in
the
Japanese, but a growing number
of U.S.
adulteration of cold fusion cells with tritium
companies. That accusation of globe-girdling
are dredged up at length *again *in Taubes's
fraud is a pretty big tale to tell, especially when
sordid and tedious account in Bad Science. A
you are talking about the likes of NTT in Japan
bigh-risk game for Mr. Taubes, one would
ne of the largest telecommunications giants i
think, because tritium has since been found in
be world. In late 1992 NTT announced that on
numerous cold fusion experiments at dozens
of its research groups had found a major piece
of laboratories ranging from
the Bbabha
evidence to support cola fusion - helium-4
Atomic Research
found by high-resolution mass-spectrometry.
Aare Laborator, some laborator dare
Taubes plays the old "Big Lie" routine, this
achieved "completely reproducible* tritium
time masqueraded as science journalism. He says that the
"few
generation.
researchers' still working in the field aren'
notivated to acknowledge negative results, because tha
*** A Simple Message ***
would terminate their funding. Thus, he says, cold fusion
promises to be "an endless loop," a fraudulent one at that.
The message of Bad Science is as simple as
Taubes is bold and blunt in his summation:
t is pernicious: nuclear reactions at low
"Within six months of the announcement of cold fusion
temperature, an
impossible,
therefore
all ther
the
experimental results from cold fusion experiments are
[on March 23, 1989), its public life had deteriorated into a
either: (A) The result of experimental incompetence or
dismaying struggle against reality in which the believers
(B) Fraud. The part of the book in which we are told
explained the insipid state of their science with all manner
vhat happened after the Utah announcement of Marcl
of causes,
none of which was as simple as the reality
3, 1989 is called "Book II: A Collective Derangemen
itself.
Coid fusion - as defined by Stanley Pons and
of Minds." That is another theme of Taubes: people
Marin Fleischmann, or Steve Jones, or as modified by
John Bockris or Edmund Storms or Carol Talcott, or Bob
who came to believe that there was anything to the
evidence for cold fusion were captured by a global
Huggins-Stanford, or whomever - did not exist. It never
scientific
had.
hallucination,
tbey
were
drawn
the
exciting hunt for excess heat and nuclear products and
The Bad Science promotion says "no one was
able to duplicate the findings'
of Pons and Fleischmann,
and that is exactly what Taubes says in his book.
Mr.
Taubes.
science journalist
who
claims at
least
superficially to be very thorough (be said he interviewed
260 people through November 1992), apparently forgot to
check the scores of technical papers on cold fusion that
have been published since
September,
1989 in Fusion
Technology, a jourmal of the American Nuclear Society,
He also
forgot to examine many other fine technical
journais,
including
Physics Letters A, the Japanese
Joumal
of Applied Physics, half-a
dozen conference
Proceedings, etc., etc., etc. Just as Bad Science is about to
go to press,
Physics Letters A of May 3, 1993 has a
peer-reviewed cold fusion calorimetry paper by Drs. Pons
and Fleischmann.
were ensnared in mass delusion. To Mr. Taubes, it was
only the
"smart fellows at Caltech,
MIT, Harwell
Laboratory, and Yale, etc. who got it right, did "good"
experiments, decided cold fusion was nonsense after
they
"failed" to confirm Pons and Fleischmann, and
then left the field exhausted and disgusted.
Mr. Taubes tells the cold fusion saga in
chronological order, but be mysteriously manages
to arrive at page 400, still not out of cold fusion's
• he thinks it lost all credibility in 1989, but it
continues to live on in some weird self-perpetuating,
near-death state.
7
OP - ED
REVIEW PAGE
however
Taubes
calls cold fusion "a small,
perverse,
subject"
and yet he
almost
seems to regret that he had to relegate what would
have been several hundred more pages of main text
to 40 pages of detailed chapter notes.
There Mr.
Taubes places what he calls "second or even third
level of information, speculation, perspective, and
humor in which readers can delve if they choose.'
Taubes claims that
the
"social
phenomenon"
of
cold fusion "peaked" in May, 1989 and has gone
downhil!
since then.
doesn't know
This
proves
that Taubes
What
he is talking
about. It is
certainly his *wish* to see cold fusion
dead or
dying, but that is not reality. In this death wish he
is not alone; he has many
compatriots in
the
pack-journalism community, which is to say much
of journalism. To suggest in 1993 that cold fusion
requires
Chutzpan or mental confusion, of both. On bous
accounts Mr. Taubes is well endowed.
In his very first sentence Mr. Taubes
makes two assertions and then spends the rest of
his own precepts!
the joke is on him this time. He writes: "The cold
fusion episode teaches two lessons that can be
applied
as meaningfully to joumalism as to
i Do your research, because nothing is as simple
2. Makersure you've got the story right before you
publish."
Taubes neither got the story of cold
fusion right before he pubüshed, nor did he realize
that cold fusion is not as "simple as it seems." He
bought hook,
line, and sinker the scientific
cotal ten in connect setter view at
"pathological
science."
anti-scientific view was unleashed by a relatively
small band of like-minded media manipulators and
negativists.
Taubes confidently explains it all. He
says that many cold fusion scientists seem to have
"renounced a 'life of science for one of faith." He
says that an atmosphere of "blind faith" pervades
cold fusion.
Bur Taubes himself has a foolish
"faith" that "all is known" about what goes on in
hydrided metal lattices, a simplistic
view
that
oggles the mind. fle has this comment, "All thos
old fusion proponents who were Claiming tua
something magical happens within the lattice of
that laat happens tim oes larice hias thready
happens in the
understood."
Ibe bydrided palladium lattice
nothing,
if not incredibly
It has
superconducting
properties,
complex. bonding
unusual
characteristics, etc., which are by no means well
understood. The nuclear effects that have now
unambiguously
emerged
from
cold
fusion
investigations,
are an entirely new dimension of
solid state physics.
Taubes has another peculiar "faith" -
faith that nuclear physicists know that there can't
be
anything
of
a nuclear
character
brewing within the palladium lattice. He writes,
"„the absence of neutrons strongly implied, if one
had any laith in nuclear physics,
that the tritium
was not formed in the cell at all. Rather it must
have come together, so to speak, elsewhere
and
entered the cell in a more circuitous manner. " Mr.
Taubes, means fraud - deliberate spiking of cells
at Texas AdM. What we have from Taubes is a
shocking new operating condition
in science:
continued on page 9

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 911, "chars": 6105, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Continued form page 3
2001: THE COMING AGE OF HYDROGEN POWER
by Arthur C Clarke, C.B.E.
Well, back to Earth. I'd like to read you a letter which I sent to
Vice-President Gore last week: it should have reached him by now:
18 March 93
Dear Mr Gore,
COLD FUSION. (?) I am happy to learn that you are being
briefed on the above - perhaps misnamed - subject, as it is impossible to
imagine anything of greater potential importance from both the
economic and geopolitical points of view.
After initial scepticism, I have now seen so many positive
reports from highly respected organizations (e.g. NIT - which is already
marketing experimental kits in Japan' - ONR, US Anny. Research
Office, SRI, MIT) that there can be no further doubt that excess energy
is being produced by some previously unknown process, not essentially
nuclear. I am sure that your staff has already seen much of this material,
and I also refer you to Representative Swett's statement in the
Congressional Record for 16 February, 1993.
Whatever the source of the energy - which I am sure will be
elucidated in the fairly near future - the sixtyfour trillion dollar question
is: (I) is this merely a laboratory curiosity of no practical importance, or
(2) can it be scaled up for industrial and perhaps even domestic use? If
No (2) is correct, the consequences are immeasurable. it would mean
essentially the end of the "Fossil Fuel Age', and an era of cheap, clean
power. The environmental benefits would be overwhelming; at the very
least, concern with CO2 build-up and acid rain would vanish.
Clearly, no effort should be spared to resolve this matter
speedily,
by supporting scientists who are obtaining results (and,
perhaps, discouraging those who have been obstructing them.) One
witness you might call is my friend Dr George Keyworth II President
Reagan's Science Advisor and an expert on fusion physics, who
remarked in a recent letter to me: "the conventional path we've been
pursuing is trying to build a bridge across the seas instead of inventing a
boat." Perhaps "Cold Fusion' may give us the lifeboats Spaceship Earth
so badly needs:
Respectfully,
Arthur C Clarke
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1:
Congressional Hearing
converting harmini radioactive isotopes into boatadioactive elements at room temperature using
lectron environments. Consequently, one of the troublesome aspens of fission energy night be eliminatopery constructed
and complex, training people will not be an easy or rapid task. in addition, the U.S. patent office is not issuing patents in the
feld while this limitation does not exist in other countries. As a resulț, contral of the technology is slipping
First, a panel of open-minded technical experts be appointed to evaluate recent results.
Erce be of te late rot cordite elemed by apolly lonel tie are repared pantine rests in
Third, excourage the Patent Office so surt issuing parents in the field"
o brand or a Monic fusion eyes re defined outronic fasion sue which bon on doe
acts, produces 10 times ess or radiate 1000 times less radioactive waste and 2-3 tones ess beat onution than the
it the lead member of the USA-Russia Rescarch
Some of ge America neer of is Console me i avering toms i Evane, Armie Lead Member,
some of the Amencan members of the
Advanced Reactor Group of Professor L. Lidsky,
Nuclear Engineerin; Department of MIT: General Electric Corporat
Schenectady, NY, The Russian meibership consists.
of six major institutes involving 138 scientists. Its Lead
Member is the
Chelyabinsk-70, whose 42 scientists have decided to convert from military to
peaceful oscarch by devtloping ancotronic fusion technology.
Some excerpts from Dr, Maglich's
programs acquire instirutional and
psychologica momentum, ano change much tore slowly than our understanding of the facts.
making he ira cor MPA as (1983) suppore by areal calations strongly paint a the restiny of
therefore depended on an en
n institution can never be made to compete with itself - which would be the case if this program
ainistered by the present Office of Fusion Energy of DOE, To facilitate the development of such law-mandateo, fus
OFFICE 8F NORADATIVE FUEL FUSION ENERGY MY OFFICE OF RADIOACTIVE FUEL A STON
NERGY (TER); and That separate budgets be sought for the two offices, with the gozl that, over the next three years, i
ast 50% of the fusion budget be allocated for non-radioactive fel fusion
Refertnces
I. "The Third International Conference on Cold Furion'.. Dis Victor Rehn and Iqbal Ahmad
(US Office of Naval Research, Japan).
2 'Anomalous NUcleat Reactions in Condensed Matter.. A report on the Third Intemational
Meeting on Cold Fusion"., Dr Igbal Ahmad (US Army Research Office [AMC] Far East).
3. "Summary of Third intemational Conference on cold Fusion in Nagoya'.. Peter L Hageiscin,
Massachusets institute of Technology -Rescarch Laboratory of Electronics
4. 'Nuclear Product Ratio for Glow Discharge in Deuterium'.. A B Karabut. Ya Kocheroy and I.
B Servatimova Physics Letters A 170 265 (1992)
5. "Denterted Metals Restarth at SRI International'; 4 Mar 1993
a spite of these facts, the fusion program has changed little since the 1960's, even though many of t
sumptons that appeared itsonabic at the troc bayt been founo, in the course of 50 years, to be invalid, the goa becan
ot to develop a commercizlly-viable, environmentally benign fusion-powered electric source, but rather ko prove that to
riginal decision to build a DI-burning tokarak reactór nas The only possible decision.
To summarize the significance of the May 5, 1993 Frsion Energy Hearing:
Arthur C Clarke, caE
The MIT Entrepreneura Cil
The E-Clut
"No-Tech to High-Tech Stant-Up
Help"
Members & clients include undergraduates
administrztion.
practice
presentatiori
опс-оп-опк
sessions,
vents.
$лО
YIRSTRAN
development for
grant-writing
cademic, legal and accounting referrals when
proft &e
events and feid trips for high school kids. cs,
2. We now have *ri feast*
cconie decidedly pro-active
coopunt dimosphere b c
int and soon to te rebored bartcularly si the hit water work, and C increased med
mention. The whole sitation is unstable.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1472, "chars": 9406, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 8
The Short Life and Coming Hard Times of Bad Publishing
Beware of reporting results that in any way seem to
rossly conflict with "accepted" wisdom - especially
if the results are of a sporadic character. Because if
you
do report such
new findings,
muck-raking
science
journalists,"
egged
by the rigid
establishment, may accuse you of fraud.
*4% Character Assassination ***
Bad Science
replete with extended
character assassinations. Stanley Pons bears the brunt
of much of Taubes's fury, although Steven Jones of
BYU is also mercilessly reviled. In fact, Taubes gives
credence to the long suspicion by Fleischmann and
Pons that Jones "borrowed" their ideas, contrary to the
prevaiting impression circulated by Frank Close and
others that Fleischmann and Pons were energized and
egged-on by their initial visit to the BYU-Jones
laboratory. Martin Fleischmann is attacked less than
Pons or Jones. He fares better, but not that much.
It is very difficult to distinguish fact from
fiction in
Taubes's account of the
University
of
Utah-BYU interaction, but he does build a case that
say be convincing to many people. He writes
"The
evidence, oddly enough, for
Pons and Fleischmann':
ersion of the events is persuasive. He suggests tha
ones, in effect, forced the carly public disclosure b
says that while Ramsey was off hiking," panel
co-chairman Huizenga had spent the summer of
Tash por wanted old fusion d
Taubes,
wanted to
Fleischmann.
Taubes praises journalists who ignored
cold fusion even in its early days,
and he mocks
those who have given it any credence.
To Taubes,
Jerry Bishop of The Wall Street Journal, who has
written extensively about cold fusion,
is merely a
"gullible" jounalist who is singularly responsible
for the continuation of cold fusion research.
Taubes,
Says
"With the help of The Wall Street Joural
cold fusion began to play like a nuclear version of
the emperor's new clothes."
Bad
Science is so permeated
with
offenses, it is difficult to catalog them. We find sick
anecdotes, such as reference to the announcement of'
cold fusion falling op the sixth anniversary of Utah
artificial heart patient Barney Clark's death. Taubes
revels in scatological descriptions of all manner
such as
the
'altech team's reference tr
Steve
Jones's Mother Earth Soup electrochemical solution
as "piss-green solution with gray slag at the bottom"
brownish red shit with this much garbage on the
bottom."
the University of Utah as he attempted to gain credit
for his own meager neutron
results and
supposed
origination of electrochemically induced fusion ideas.
Trubes uses a lot of strong words and phrases for
Jones in this connection: "ibe piracy scenano which
Pons and Fleischmann later constructed,"
was being robbed," rumors of "scientific larceny.
Taubes notes that Jones in his denials of misconduct,
There is a recuring
undercurrent of
inappropriate anti-Utah and anti-religious sentiment
hroughout. For example, Taubes cites a literary and
cultural critic, Paul Fussell's
•general pnncipl
hat no high-class person can live in any plac
associated with religious prophecy or miracle, like
Mecca, Bethlehem, Fatima, Lourdes, or Salt Lake
City." He mocks the claims of cold fusion as "the
. was the man who doth protest too much." No
doubt, Steven Jones will find much to criticize and be
outraged about. Dr. Jones apparently allowed Taubes
*** The "Good" Parts ***
to view his journals and notebooks, but Taubes turns
these against him.
Taubes certainly didn't leam very much
about the science of cold fusion in his vaunted taped
Taubes is brutal about cold fusion theorist
interviews.
But
his marvelous
little
MIT Professor Peter Hagelstein. He says Hagelstein
recording
"concocted" a flimsy, flawed theory to explain
machine
has gloniously preserved
the bigoted,
pathetic remarks of the opponents of cold fusion
non-existent cold fusion. He cites
an unnamed
researcher who describes the "Hagelstein myth' as a
research. Years before this sordid book came onto
"myth of scientific creativity warring in one person
the scene, 1 predicted thai these revelations would
belp document the shallowness of the so-called
against morality.." Taubes's style is to use the words
of others to disparage those he faults. So he has MIT
"scientists" who attacked cold fusion. It dredges up
their nastiness.
Protessor Ronald Parker, then head of the Plasma
Fusion Center say about Hagelstein,
Some people are
DOE Cold Fusion Pane. member Dr
geniuses if you just measure their IQ, but that doesn't
William Happer told Taubes of an interview he had
necessarily make people creative, or give people the
with a Scientific American reporter a few days after
verve to discover or be curious. So it is only a
the Utah announcement:
"The thing I didn't have
recessary condition, being smart. It doesn't guarantee
the nerve to do was to say that just by looking at
DICCESS.
'This is so ironic, because Parker was one of
these guys on television,
it was obvious they were
the most obtuse, uncreative scientists in cold fusion.
incorpetent
boobs."
Marvelous
Parker is a burcaucrat of the tokamak program,
who
objectivity
by a
high-level DOE official! An apt description of how
defended his big project against new ideas with the
Dr.
Happer
handled
himself
in
DOE's
intensity and ruthlessness one has
come to expect
investigation" of
cold fusion
is
We read
anonymous
just
that.
Shysicist at Miff who says of Hagelstein's cold fusin
incompetent boobery.
The cold fusion scientific
community can rejoice that this high level boob has
papers that they reminded him of one of his students
recently been given the boot at DOE. we learn from
in an undergraduate course "who couldn't do physics
Taubes that Happer fancies himself a "tabletop
to save her life." We also read that DOE's William
Happer in the Office of Energy Research thought of
Too
bad
he
didn't
screwdriver in hand and perform
cold
take
fusion
Hagelstein's ideas as "crazy, absolutely crazy,"
experiments himself. He was too busy jiggling
Iesearcher
Professor
John
Bockris
fusion
wires and finding fault with everything he saw in
Or Texas A&M University cold
his travels - Mr. Know-it-All.
Taubes
somewhere along in his scientific career be
says:
There are today
"began
Prapeso in their noes he deeperimental
knowledge
expenmental
propagating flamboyant errors in lieu of
good
procedures in electrochemistry and calorimetry.
SCiCICE."
These scientists consistently measure excess heat.
He cites physics Nobel laureate Norman
Ramsey of Harvard as "the most credulous"
of the
Taubes
Haubes nar veteer seple back.
We get from
Happer
Bockris
had
"this
DOE panel members who investigated cold fusion. fle
collection of pathetic students and postdocs." What
a Wonder Man that Happer, be can tell a bunch of
incompetents on first meeting!
My former MIT friend Richard Petrasso is
unmasked in his hot-tempereo glory.
We learn many
imes from Taubes that Petrasso had a "distaste for glit
bullshit,"
meaning the Pons and Fleischmann press
conference. Petrasso's nearly uncontrollable rage against
cold fusion is evidenced in many quotes in Bad Science. I
didn't need those quotes, however; when I was at MIT I
witnessed Petrasso's seething hatred of cold fusion on
many
occasions
Taubes
recounts how Petrasso,
in
preparing his critique of Pons and Fleischmann's neutron
evidence
for Nature,
had to
be restrained
by
his
colleagues from preserving highly emotional language.
We already knew his public arrogance,
DOW
we meet the privately anogant Nathan Lewis of Caltech,
who apparently initially tolo a colleague that Pons and
Fleischmann's experiment "wasn't worth more than one
day's effort." Taubes quotes Lewis's self-praise,
"So I'm
"If Nate says it's right
of his 1989 cold fusion paper by jefusing to publish
scientific correspondence
at least
scientists. Taubes loves Nate:
…what Lewis publisher
tended to be the last word." He is apparently fond of
Lewis's colorful perception that cold fusion would be "an
electrochemist's wet dream" - IF it were true.
And we learn that Lewis's soul brother at
grudgingly decided enter id
decided"
definitive.
рарег оп
cold fusion calorimetry for which be is a
co-author is anything but "definitive" - to put it very
charitably! The incorrect analysis and data massaging on
Which that paper was based is by now very well known.
Thanks to Taubes we now know that physicist
Michael Salamon of the University of Utah had strong
"scientific"
motivations for
assaulting cold fusion
research. Salamon muses that in the unlikely event there
were really something to cold fusion,
"It would be the
cruelest, most unjust act of God to bestow Stan with this.
There is no one less deserving.
*** Mocking Truth and Decency ***
Mr. Taubes review lacks common decency.
Not even the dead are safe from his attacks. Taubes has
associate of
Stanley
der demit Ander ang easy 2, 192 old.
fusion experiment explosion at SRI: "The worst sin of
this whole affair is [Riley's] death." Dr. Riley was
extremely dedicated to the cause of cold fusion research.
and like his colleague Dr. Michael McKubre of SRI, felt
it to be a subject of extraordinary importance. One might
Continued next page
"A bill of rights is what the people
are entitled
against
government on earth,
general or
particular;
and
what
по
just
government should refuse, or rest
on inference."
Thomas Jefferson
Letter to James Madison (12/20/1787)

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 769, "chars": 5036, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Short Lie and Coming Hard
Times of Bad Publishing
say Andrew Riley died a hero in the quest for
scientific understanding and truth. His memory did
not need either Mr. Ashley's and certainly not
Taubes's vile epitaph.
But this type of gutter
"journalism," is not surprising for Mr. Taubes. A
fellow science joumalist for à major metropolitan
lewspaper_onct
about
Taubes
warned the MIT News Office
"Beware,
he's a hatcher man,'
Indeed, he is. After
Taubes's savaging of Nobel
laureate Carlo Rubbia in his book, Nobel Dreams,
one gets to know the style.
Taubes has a weird theory of science.
He seems to suggest that mass delusion will feed
cold fusion indetinitely.
The madness
will not
stop. He paraphrases DOE panelist,
Alan Bard,
who says that "cold fusion research will never end
abruptly, because the tail of the distribution simply
trails off indefinitely, edging ever closer to zero,
but never becoming exactly zero. The horizon will
always serve up yet another researcher,
an iota
farther out on the tail, who will be capable of
botching the experiment,
either consciously
OT
"working far outside their fields."
"oer helds" Taubes actually
muses whether cold fusion
"pathological science'
might be like a "xind of infection like the measles,
thai atacks the scientific community periodically
and has to run its predestined course.
As Taubes's book amply shows,
a band of scientific establishment people
in the U.S. went after cold fusion and
thought they could kill it. They failed, of
course, but not before they severely
curtailed cold fusion research in this
country. In 1993, cold fusion is gradually
winning acceptance as new results, new
experiments, and new insights are gained
about one of nature's most startling and
spectacular mysteries -- the appearance of
nuclear reactions "in the cold.'
overwhelm the scientific community and
authors
like
Taubes.
It is absolutely
inescapable.
The era of pack-mentality on
fusion is coming
to an
end.
cold
Scientists
and
journalists are beginning to come to their senses,
just when Taubes thought he could be shielded and
cheered by a pack of sheep.
No doubt many
scientific bigots will praise Bad Science and some
ioumalists may
wish to biess
Taubes's distorted
account -- as did William Broad of The New York
Times in 1991, when on page one of the Sunday
Times be pave wie
message
Frank
Close's
loses boto too Hatio
book
Too
Handle. But it will be like flies landing on sticky
fly-paper. The negativists will cheer this book as
they
have cach of the two preceding
negative
accounts. In the final act, the flies and flypaper
will be trashed forever.
"Men it has been well said,
think in
herds; it wlll be seen that they go mad in herds,
while they only recover their senses slowiy, and
one by one." Just as in this Taubes quote of author
Charles Mackay, cold fusion is advancing in the
scientific community one person at a time - as the
berd
madness
of the
anti-cold
fusion
camp
crumbles. People are realizing that they have been
barboozled by rampant distortion and Big Lies.
Unfortunately for the publisher and author, there is
no Bigger Lie than the title of this book.
Taubes
and others who write obscene, preposterous books
like Bad Science, will be among the last to come
to
their
senses,
but come
they will, dragged,
kicking and screaming all the way.
10
FOR THE WORLD
(and more information):
We
want
to thank
the
many
readers,
onlibutors, supporters, beipers, constitani
ad friends who have helped bring thi
magazine to fruition.
We also want to acknowledge and thank
Malcolm Partridge for the printing assistance
Jobn J. Mara for adapatation of bis unparailel
drawings of the aqueous phase, our friends at
the Memory Location for their constant
presence and knowledge, and Prof. Arthur C.
Clarke for contributing beyond serendipity.
The World
A Public Information Utility
Software Tool & Die
1330 Beacon Street, Suite 215
Brookline, Massachusetts 02146
office@world.std.com
617-739-0202
Dixi by modems to 617-139-9753 for more
information and 1 free boar
NEWTECH is actively looking
for engineers, electrochemists,
entrepreneurs
and
those
interested in pursuing technologic
developments in COLD FUSION
Send resume' or other backpround to
PO BOX 3-M, c/o COLD FUSION TIMES
The memory Location
COLD FUSION TIMES
is published quarterly. Annual
rate is $50.00 per year. Single
issues are $16.00
There is mes ears postage charge out
darge outside Norto Aterica of
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts 02181
(617) 239-8383
mica@world.std.com.
(617) 237-6846 Volce • (617) 237-9575 Fax
The Store for Amiga Explorers
The Cold
Fusion
Newsletter
One (1) year
(bironzhly) $180.00
PO BOX 60642, Palo
Alto, CA
94306
FUSION FACTS
PO. Box 58639
Salt Lake City, UT
84158
(801) 583-6232
12 issues (1 year)
$345
BACENTUR
To Cold Taich
21st CENTURY
Science &
Technology
520 (quarterly) for
I year
P.O. Box 16235
Washington, D.C.,
20041
8 issoes
(1 year)
$325
single issues
$48
1 year (outride of 5345
North Arperica)
Remit cbocka to:
American Hucket
.O. Nax 9778
IL. 60678-7731

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 1240, "chars": 8598, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11
COLD S N
MIMIES
The Top Ten Cold Fusion
WHAT'S HAPPENIN'
More on this and other tirely INTERNET issues
will be discussed in future issues.
Experiments
is we went to press with this issue, the following timely letter was posted, from Di. Melvin Miles of the U.S. Department of th
Navy, Naval Air Warfare Center, Weapons Division, China Lake,
A, who reportedly asked Jed Rothwell to post this letter 1
as selected by Russ Goorge, The Cold Fusion Newsletter
Professor Jones on toe internet: (sci.physics.fusion).
Flischmann and Pons original palladium cathode platinum
'Professor Steven E. Jones of Brigham Young University bas been aggressively attacking my scientific publications
anode in beavy water first amounced March 1989.
involving the Fleischmann-Pons effect (cold fusion) fot almost two ytars and has rectntly accused me of rejecting beat helium data
points and fudging my results. I highly resent such unfounded attacks since they damage my professional integrity as a scientist as
Vanations on 1 with vigorous boiling as perfonned by Fol
well as reflect on the quality of research conducted at Navy laboratories. Navy scientists are required to submit beir work for
and demonstrated via television and video broadcast beginning review and clearance before any manuscript can be released for publication.
in the fall of 1992
My problems with Professor Jones began on July 23, 1991 wben I presented an invited seminar on my research at Brigham Young
verified a few weeks later when Professor Jones mailed out a critique of my work to other scientists involved with this research field throughout the
world. This eventually lead to my published response to questions raised by Professor Jones regarding my work (see reference 1). This entire episode tras
Palladium electrochemistry es performed by
the Electric clearly outside the bounds of professional decency towards en invited seminar spezker.
Power Research Institute (EPRI) and tbe Stanford Research
Institute (SRI) 1989-10 presear
Professor Jones has rocendy made false allegations regarding my work by his statements of "rejected data points", "shifts the window".
"fudginz or sorse", elt.. (see reference 2). Although Professor Jones iries to usé some uncorm zuthor for several negative statemenis, the implications
The replication of the Takahashi experiment with variations as
regarding my experiments are very cicar. These dimaging statemens by Professor Jopes are outright lies since there are absolutely no rejected heliur
mersintments in my rocent publication (reference 3). Every data point involving bezthelium mezsurements is reported, this can be readily verilico bi
enormed by Dr.
Edmund Storms at Los Alamos National
Dr. Ben Bush who did the belium analysis at the University of Texas as well z5 by my detailed laboratory notebook for tbese experiments. Although I
aboratory in 1992.
remain open-minded to possible scicatific cITors in Our me lurcments, theit are no rejected belium measurements in Our experiments, Furtbermore, there
is no fudging of any messurements.
The light ('ordinary ) water, nickel, and potassium carbonate
experiment of Dr. Randali Mills of Lencaster, Pennsylvania.
The too datz points that I discussed with Professor Jones at Brigham Young University in 1991 are stoples 12/17/90-A and 12/17/90-9.
Both of these data points at present in my Table I (reference 3). Professor Jones should have known better than to raise this false accusation a second
time since I had responded to this saine question previously (see riference I, page 79) This repeating of damaging false accusations makes me question
The light water, nickel, porassium experiments of Bush and the professional ingrity of Professor Jones. Honesty and professionzi decency should be very important attributes for staff-members of a church-related
Ezgicton at California Polytech at Pomona.
institution.
Although the toplications of fraud by Professor Jones is my most serious concer, his lengthy discussions of toy papers (enclosure 2)
The NTT gas loading experiments of Dr. E. Yamaguchi ill involves numerous orher examples where be has misre presented my experiments. I will submit a detailed listing of these additional false statements made
Ігра.
by Professor Jones in a future letter. Scientific discussions are important and necessary for this controversial research arez. However, any scientist who
acts out to discredit the work of another must be
The ion
implantation experiments of Takatashi at the
University of Osaka.
The gas plasma experimens of Kucherov et al at the Lutch
Poldsk Institute in Moscow.
certain that he has the facts straight.
It does not
benefit anyone to mix fact with fiction and then
distribute this to otber scientists. The best format
I0ALC
discussion of my
work by Professor
Jones would be in a refersed scientific journal.
This would help assure that the debate would be
based on reported experimental facts rather than
00
misconceptions
and false
Palladium electrode produces massive
Tritium and Helium
review by Russ George, The Cold Fusion Newsletter
allegations.
bereby challenge Professor Jones to take
his
Ictations regarding my work to a refercei
cientific jounal. If be cannot do this, he shoul
at least get the facts straight regarding my work
or remain silen please take note that my initial
letter to Professor Jones was in response to
Electroanalytical
Chemistry,
Chur-Ching, Dalibor Hodko, Minevski,
Bociris at Texas
reports of his constant criticists of my wotk ot
the computer octwork (E-mail). I merely asked
lira one simple question, I certainiy did not as
um for detriled comments, criticisms, and fals
A palladium electrode produced a concentration of tritium in a
0.1 M LiOD solution around 103 times above background.
Tritium
production ceased after a few days but could be
restarted by a small incrcase of the deuterium over potential
Correspondingly, 4He was found in 9-10 pieces of
the Pd
electrode at 2-100 times background. Addition of fresh D20
quencbed
production
spontaneously after 1:2 days. If the titum had come from
contamination 3He would have been found in the electrode; it
was absent Only one in four electrodes examined produced
tritium and 4He. The surface of this electrode contained a
copper mosaic structure not seen on inactive electrodes.
allegations concerning my publications.
Sincerely,
DR MELVIN H. MILES
AWCWPNS Fello
Adlerances
(1) 21st Century Science and Technology.
Vol. 5 No. 1, pp. 75-B0 (1992).
¿ Ba be Cold Fusion Newsietter, a source of good
background information, contains further reviews & data]
Prof Stephen Jones of Bngham Young University (lert) and Dr. Melvin
H. Miles of the Naval Air Warlare Center Weapons Division have
continued their "discussions" for several months.
These photos (taken
by Jim Duree and Linda Sappington, respectively [21st Century Science
and Technology (Spring '82 issue)).
(2) Memorandum by Professor S.E. Jones
deted 27 May, 1993 and his E-mai
i sal of Eleptanate Chemistry,
Vol 346, pp. 89-117 (1993).
New York City
On June 24, 1993 Cold Fusion is planned to be the Focus of a Gala
NYCity Meeting, The Manhattan Project, Part II: PEACE"
- Including author and
Pari II: Pasce
gathermo ts
energy from-water discovery that so captivated the
revolutionary
be temporarily
submerged by.
heated ano occasionaily
Irrational debste.Now
the work of thousands
of
researchers in over a dozen courtrias - including a strong effort in Japan - has "contined" the
controversial discovery, atthough a
generally
agreed-upon
theoretical
axplanation remains
elusive. Thus, the theme of the meeting: "Cold Fusion, an Awakened Statel"
The event Is sponsorad by Deak Sontach, Inc., a New York-based corporation
hat is working on cold fusion power systems and other cutting edge products in the field o
UNtaSOniCs.
The evening's program wil feature MIT Professors Peter L Hagelstein and Keith H.
Johnsor. Also spaaking will be physicist-artist Dr. David Deak, President of Doak Sonotoch and
engineer-author Dr. Eugene Mallove, a Vice President of the company. Arthur C. Clarke,
many
steps ahoad of the resi of the world in technological forecasting, is schoduled toaddress the
meating via aVideoPhone-link tom Sri Lanka.
COLD FUSION TIMES
Publisher and Editor-in-Chief: Mitchell Swartz
Subscriptions Editorial information:
P.O. Box 81135, Wellesley Hilis, Massachusetts _02181
(617) 239-8383
Internet address: mica@world.std.com
ntributing Editors: Arthur C. Clarke, Hal Fox, Russ George, Eugene Mallor
falcolm Partridge, Jed Rothwe
COLD FUSION TIMES is published quarterly.
Annual subscription rate is $50.00 per year.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 181, "chars": 1177, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE
HAS GONE BEFORE
@copyright Technology
2001: THE COMING AGE OF HYDROGEN
POWER
by Arthur C. Clarke, C.B.E.
"When .. World War II was still in progress, and I was working on Ground
Controlled Approach Radar, which had the then enormous number of something like a
thousand vacuum tubes in it, at least one of which would blow everyday. So it was
impossible to believe, back in 1945, that TV relay stations could operate without a staff
of engineers changing tubes and checking circuits. But of course, the transistor and the
solid state revolution came along within a few years, and what I'd assumed would have
to be done by large manned stations could be achieved by satellites the size of oil
drums.
Pase case one an in tanging Been The em cold racin tine.
VOLUME 1 NUMBER 2
SUMMER '93
Subscriptions
Editorial
information:
COLD FUSION
LIME
.. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills,
Massachusetts
02181.
COLD
FUSION
TIMES
is published
quarterly. Annual
rate is $50.00 per
ear. singl
ssues are $16.00
There is an extra
postage charge
outside North
America of $8.00
per year.
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts
02181
TO:
