{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-09T15:54:50Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 35, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4773320, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119285-hadronic-press-inc-santilli-patent-february-6-2001.pdf", "source_sha256": "ac0498d86dfbdcf588ed3d47b775dfafd390d605791564196921ac1ac3796565"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2543, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
H
P
HADRONIC PRESS, INC.
xXXXXXXXxxxxxxxxxxx*xxxxxxxxxxx
Palm Harbor, Florida, June 29, 2003
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN
OUTLINE OF LAWSUITS FOR PATENT INFRINGEMENTS FILED BY
HADRONIC PRESS, INC., AGAINST EARTHFIRST TECHNOLOGIES, 'INC.
The undersigned &
XXXXX President of Hadronic Press, Inc., hereby states the following:
1) All US Patents and Patent Applications on the XXXXXXXXX™M Technology" are
solely and exclusively owned by Hadronic Press, as officially acknowledged by the U. S. Patent
Office in the basic Patents Numbers 6, 540,966 and 6,183,604 hereby enclosed as Attachment A.
Note that the change of such ownership would require a decision by the Supreme Court.
2) All the above patents and patent applications were developed by Dr. XXXXXXX
working under a Consulting Agreement with Hadronic Press, dated January 5, 1984, herewith
enclosed as Attachment B, that is still valid as of today, under which Dr. Santilli must assign all
intellectual properties on the magnegas technology to our company in return of salary and other
benefits. This Consulting Agreement is attached by Dr. Santilli and by our company to ALL
contracts pertaining or related to the magnegas technology.
3) On July 5, 2000, Hadronic Press, granted an exclusive license to EarthFirst
Technologies, a public company in Tampa, Florida as per copy in Attachment C. Note that
Paragraph 15h states that this license agreements supersedes ALL preceding agreements between
our company and EarthFirst Technologies, Inc.
4) On August 15, 2001, EarthFirst Technologies, halted the payment of the due minimal
royalties. Therefore, on September 14, 2001, Hadronic Press, served EarthFirst Technologies,
Inc, with a formal Notice of Default with Request to Cure within the 45 days as requested in the
license, as in Attachment D. EarthFirst Technologies ignored this Notice. Therefore, EarthFirst
Technologies was served with the Notices to Cease and Desist enclosed in Attachment D.
5) Since all the above Notices were ignored by EarthFirst Technologies, while continuing
to infringe our patents under the new name of NextGas, on April 12, 2002, Hadronic Press, and,
independently, ZXXXXXXX filed lawsuits against EarthFirst Technologies for fraud and
other charges as per summaries available in Attachment E.
Under the above documentation, no doubt can exist on the ownership of the Magnegas
Technology by Hadronic Press, Inc., as well as on the fraudulent nature of the patent infringement
by EarthFirst Technologies, Inc.
In Faith
President and CEO, Hadronic Press, Inc.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 278, "chars": 2780, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
84/01/2003 14:48
7275073449
(12) United States Patent
Sentill!
MASON ASSOCIATES
ДЕЛАНАНН
US006540966B1
(10) Parens No.: US 6,540,966 BI
(45) Date of Parent:
Apr. 1, 2003
PAGE 02
A-1
(34) APPARATUS AND METHOD FOR
RECYCLING CONTAMINATED LIQUIDS
XXXXX Palm Harbor,
(T3) Assigne: Hadrunk Prat lec. Pate Hiator, 12
(°) Norice:
Subjca to any disclairer, the termn of this
acent is extradad or adjusted radar 3
15.C 154(0) by 0 dey
(21) Appl. No: 09/986,926
(22) Filed:
Jc. 5, 2000
Related U.S. Appleation Nata
(83)
Costiovanior-io-part of application No. 09/372,278, Med on
800 a contineaton it. part
of applicalion No. 09/133.34f, fled on Aur. 13, 1996, cora
abandoned, end a continuation-in-part of noplicacion No.
09/106,170, fled on. Fun, 20, 1991, nor abandoead.
(51) taL CI?
............... MOII 13/08
(52) US.Cl.
622/186.21; 422/186.22;
422/186.23; 622/180.25: 422/186.27; 204/164;
204/865: 204/168
(58) Flaid of Search
..... 42z/186.21,185.27,
422/186.23.186.26, 185.27; 204/284, 168,
165
(561)
References Cled
US. PATENT DOCUMENTS
63,058 A
W1878 Eldridga de al
3,992277 A • 11/1976 Trieschanenn el al.
..c, 204/177
4,054,513 A
-171977 Windte.......
4,229,307 A
= 10/7980 Lore el el.
4,364,102 A
250,543
2A22 2
5,021,494 A
• 6/1991 Juvan .....
... 210/717
5,009,705 A = 12/1971 Lewis
.. 204773
96
5,159,900 A
..... 219/121.59
5,417,817 л
5,475,274 A
711995 Richardeas, Is
5,692,A58 A
22/997 Richardeos, 31.
5,792,325 л
1109 Richarderm, Je
9,826,948 A • 10/1990 Richardeod, Jr.
6,113,768 л
92000 Ricbendson, Jr..........
204/170
029,80 P: 10200 Retan, 12 -20422
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
David Beared, 'Ridiculously' exay teal yields claim of
energy triumph, Ibe Washiagion Tmea, p. A5, Mar. 1989,-
Wada el al., Nactear Fusios lo Solid, Jepaoes Journel of
Applied Physics, vol 28, No. 11, p. L2017-L.2020, Nov.
1990.°
Kim, Neverto Bure Frosi a High-Voltage Diacterze
Berweca Palladium Elcotrodas in DZ(rub) Gas, Fusion Icch-
Dology, Nol. 1B, p. 680-681, Dec. 1990.°
Fouadaciose of Hactoric Cherissy wits Applications to
New CleaD Paergies and Fuels by Ruggero Maria Sastilli,
(Date Unlocan)
"ciled try examines
Primary Extoniner-Alzo Diamond
(74) Allorrey, Ager, or Firma-Deanis G. LePoinle; Mason
Low, PA
(57)
ABSTRACT
lenchors fos the total recycling of contentianted ligai
ase, which produce a cican buraine combustible re
mable beer, and valid precipilala. Differeal erotrodimeota
include lho elicical recycline of automotive antifreare sod
Dil Taste, e new inelbad los the production of a fuel frot
crack oll, for icealing veeraser and for recycting bialogi.
calty annaminared liquid macle, such ex tnarn Mvraga, ina
a cesa basting combustible pus, patrical rich maker uncit.
for inricabon, dod golid precinitares vactul for fcrulizats
62 Claims, 12 Drawling Sheets
95
5
98
-3
022

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 173, "chars": 1518, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
•
112) United States Patent
Santilli
(51) DIRABLE AND EFFILZENT EQUIPENT
FOR THE PHODLLTION OF A
COMBUSTIBLE. AND NON POLLATANI GAS
FRON UNDIRHATER ARCS AND NETHOD
THEREFOR
12105)
Xion laster,
Artizios
indroat Fres, Ioc Pumo Hartox. Fl
Norice.
Unles 15 TIS.r. 1941h% the seren of this
pareas stall de Essendro lor U days.
(2l) APEl. No.: 08352571
122) Filed:
Aux 11.1999
15l; Ta C7?
853, 215. Ch....
898, Freid of Senren
282112:42218521: 422/185.36
422/186.73, 1BH.34
1501
References Clicel
TIS. PATEVI DURINENIS
...- 214271
732-
26.
4
14,
A-2
U500618380xBI
c10; Potent Na: US 6,183,604 B1
1as, Dade of Patent:
Feb. 6, 2001
20679780 50008 Erade .
JAITAL?
5/1995 Decanann es ai
1133274 = 981791 saiteresas, d
1871650 = 19/8991 Rutardson It.
5.772121 0 1I900X Аареивает., Іс.
9RT6.54S • 1011998 Rectandson, is
30A787
1277
• 1330
123/3
Primary Lemminer-Tiathrys Gorzos
Aurithm/ Examiner-Than Tran
(341 Arome, Axeni, or Frem licrous G. Leprinta; LoNise
i. Furtih: Maura de Assoe., HA.
857)
AIRIKACT
A systera for perraxine i clero Durung cunarestitle pas
romapriking en eleczically conductive brat electode und si
electrically anoductire second electrude, A TarDe crupted 10
ube first alertrack is mapled in more tbe first electrade vis
rerpectio the second etectrule to onahnunucly matt tot ari
every from Ibe plasma created hy 1be Ris. A slats light
COTERIAC Tor Ibe electrades is preided Will a apatiny af
susier within lae tanh suri ica to sudrage ebe electrades
1l China 1 Drawing Shirts
24
22
58
--38
36
4
-16
-28

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 248, "chars": 1769, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2...
THE INSTITUTE FOR BASIC RESEARCH
XX
XX
B.1
Office of the President
RESEARCH AND ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT
DATED JANUARY 5, 1984
on and between
PIOI. RX
XXX
President, Institute for Basic Research
96 Prescott Street, Cambridge, MA 02138
and
HADRONIC PRESS INCORPORATED
28 Cross Street, Necnantum, MA 02195
has initiated in 1978 basic mathematical-
theoretical research toward the identification of new clean
energies and fuels while he was a member of the Department of
Mathematics of Hard University as Co-Principal Investigator of DOE
contracts ER-78-8-02-47420.A000 and AS02-78ER04742, under which
Prof. Santilli
provided the foundations of a generalization of
quantum mechanics known as "hadronic mechanics";
Whereas
*XXXXXXXXXX
continued and conpleted said basic
mathematical-theoretical research on the new hadronic mechanics
fron 1981 until late 1983 in his new capacities as President cf
the Institute for Basic Research and as Principal Investigator of
the DOE contracts DE-ACO2-80ER10651, DE-ACO2-80ER-10651.A001, and
DE-ACO2-80ER10651.A002;
whereas by the fall of 1983 it was clear that no additional
research support was possible from U. S. Governmental Agencies;
Whereas Prof. Santilli wishes to initiate and continue the
application of said basic research on hadronic mechanics to new
reactors under the name of "hadronic reactors" which are capable
of providing new forms of clean energies and fuels;
Whereas Hadronic Press believes that the latter applied research
is important for the United States of America and wishes to
provide financial support for its initiation and conduction;
Whereas Prof. Santilli wishes to accept said financial support
from Hadronic Press under conditions set forth by the same as
identified belov;
- page 1 oÍ 3 -
As as se

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 306, "chars": 2171, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
B-2
NOW THEREFORE THE PARTIES AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING:
1) Hadronic Press shall pay to XXXXXXXX retroactively from
January 1, 1984, a monthly honorarium equal to that he was
Ieceiving under
the last DOE contract DE-ACO2-80ER10651.A002, with
an automatic increase of 78 (seven percent) per year beginning
with January 1, 1985.
2) Hadronic Press shall provide to XXX
XXXXX any reasonable
additional funds for the conduction of experiments, measurements
and tests, provided that the latter funding follows the submission
by Prof. Santilli and the acceptance by Hadronic Press of specific
itemized proposals.
3) Hadronic Press shall provide to X
XXXXX an office, all
related facilities including phone and all necessary conduits for
the publication and distribution of the results of their research.
4)
hereby grants to Hadronic Press the exclusive
world-wide ownership of all rights resulting from his research
with particular reference to the ownership by Hadronic Press of
all possible Patents, TradeMarks and Copyright rights that may
result from Prof. Santilli's applied Iesearch. More particularly,
Prof. Santilli has the obligation under this Agreement of
assigning to Hadronic Press all Patents, TradeMarks and Copyrights
resulting from his research.
5) ×
shall disclose the obligation as per paragraph 4
above to all individuals, corporations or institutions he may
collaborate with for the foreseeable future.
XXX has the obligation of appending this Agreement
11n its entirety to any contract he may enter with other
individuals, corporations or institutions.
7) In the event that
XXXX enters into Consulting of
Employment Agreements with other parties under the above indicated
conditions of disclosure, Hadronic Press will reduce the monthly
honorarium accordingly.
8) As a necessary condition for Hadronic Press to applied for and
prosecute fatent Applications, IradeMarks Applications and
Copyright Applications under the Hadronic Press ownership and
assignment, Prof. Santilli has the obligation of disclosing to
Hadronic Press all his applied research, whether conducted under
funding by Hadronic Press, oI continued under other funding.
- page 2 of 3 -
pe
Af

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 100, "chars": 714, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
B-3
XXX
X is unavailable for the
prosecution of Patent, TradeMark and Copyright Applications,
Hadronic Press has the option of hiring other technicians and/or
patent law firms for the said prosecution.
10) Hadronic Press shall grant to Prof. Santilli a percentage of
proceedings that may originate from Patents, Trademark and
Copyright rights according to separate agreements to be negotiated
and executed at the time of
availability of said proceedings.
11) Hadronic Press has the option of recording this Agreement in
public records whenever warranted and possible.
12) This Agreement supersedes all preceding agreements in between
the Parties.
In faith
Z2u 5,1984
Date
Jan. 5,1984
1-5-84
Date
- page 3 of 3 -

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1656, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C-L
THE TECHNOLOGY EXCLUSIVE LICENSE ÄND ROYALTY AGREEMENT
Annexed as Exhibit 5 and made a part of that certain
World Wide Exclusive Assignment, License and Royalty Agreement between Hadronic
Press, Inc., and EarthFirst Technology, Inc.*
XXXX
XXXXXX
XXXXX
XX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXse").
WITNESSETH THAT
WHEREAS, the HPI is a Party to that certain Worldwide Exclusive Assignment, License and
Royalty Agreement of which this License and Royalty Agreement is annexed thereto as Exhibit
WHEREAS a major requirements of the Worldwide Exclusive Assignment, License and
Royalty Agreement mandates HPI license all their interests in the Technology as that term is
therein defined to USMAGNEGAS according to the terms and conditions and for such
compensation as is herein set forth.
WHEREAS the Licensor and Licensee are interested in undertaking together a joint effort at
designing, manufacturing, selling or otherwise commercializing the Technology as by an
Exclusive Assignment and Royalty Agreement that provides for the Licensor to introduce USM
to the technology and to authorize USM to make and to commercialize the Technology at an
agreed royalty, so long as both parties perform in accordance with this Agreement;
NOW, THEREFORE, the Licensor and Licensee, intending to be legally bound, agree to
undertake designing, manufacturing, and selling or otherwise commercializing the Technology
upon the following terms and conditions:
1. Definitions
a. "Technology" shall have the same meaning as that set forth in the Worldwide Exclusive
Assignment, License and Royalty Agreement executed simultaneous to the execution of
this Agreement.
:
-
Page I of 14 Pages

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 302, "chars": 2208, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
----
C-2
b. "Licensed Scientific Knowledge" means unpatented proprietary scientific information
disclosed to Licensee by the Licensor, and useful in identifying and optimizing the basic
physical and chemical effects underlying the Licensed Products or performing Licensed
Services.
c. "Licensed Know-how" means unpatented proprietary technical, professional, or
commercial information disclosed to Licensee by the Licensor, and useful in designing,
making, or using Licensed Products or performing Licensed Services.
d. "Licensed Patent" means any patent or patent application Licensed to USM herein and
containing a claim defining the composition, design, machine, process, product by
process, manufacturing, structure, operation, or use of the Technology subject matter,
insofar as owned or licensable by Licensor and so Licensed to USM in or for the
Licensed Territory.
e. "Licensed Product" means product or related composition whose production, structure, or
use embodies any Licensed Scientific Knowledge and Know-how, is defined by a claim
of a Licensed Patent or disclosed patent application and/or would infringe a Licensed
Patent in the absence of this Agreement, or displays or is commercialized by a Licensed
Trademark.
e. "Licensed Service" means any designing, making, specifying, or any instruction, leasing,
or performance of other services relating to any Licensed Product for, to, or with a
customer or other party, whether for compensation or not.
f. "Licensed Specification" means any requirement or standard identified by the Licensor to
Licensee relating to composition, design, manufacturing method, structure, workmanship
and/or resulting appearance, form, identity, quality, or presentation of an Licensed
Product or a Licensed System,
8. "Licensed System" means any apparatus, assembly, device, or structure for producing or
using an Licensed Product, with or for use with (or without) other accessories.
h. "Licensed Trademark" Magnetion, MagneGas, PlasmaArcFlow, Magnecules,
Magneliquids, or other word and/or design, used with or without any other word and/or
design, in or as a brand name for Licensed Products or Licensed Services or Licensed
Systems.
-
HPICS
Page 20f14 Pages

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 321, "chars": 2097, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
<-3
i. "Improvement" means any substantial change in any foregoing defined item (a to h)
during this Agreement, whether made by the Licensor or by USM, or both, or otherwise
owned and/or assignable by either of them to the other.
j. "Licensed Term" means the duration of this Agreement which shall be: the same as the
duration of all patents, trademarks or other similar devices plus a period of five years
following the expiration of Licensed Patents; or a period of then years following the final
denial of a in a given country, as more appropriateiy specified below.
k. "Licensed Territory" means worldwide.
I. "Licensor" means Hadronic Press, Ine and any and all other persons, entities or others
who are now and who may become co-patent owners, either through invention or
assignment or otherwise, of the Technology.
m "Licensee" shall means USMAGNEGAS, Inc. a Florida Corporation which may also be
abbreviated as "USM."
2. License and Sublicenses
a. The Licensor hereby grants to the Licensee, for the Assignment Term only, an
indivisible, right and assignment to make, use, lease, sell, and otherwise practice
commercially the defined Licensed subject matter.
b. So long as Licensee is in good standing under this License Agreement, this grant is to be
exclusive on a world-wide basis, meaning that the Licensor will not grant any third party
a similar assignment in the Licensed Territory.
c. USM shall have the right to apply any Licensed Trademark to Licensed Products and
other components sold by USM for construction of Licensed Systems, but USM. shall
use Licensed Trademarks only in accordance with acceptable trademark practice and
subject to the provisions of this Agreement.
d. USM customers will have an implied sublicense to assemble Licensed Products into
Licensed Systems, with or without other components.
e. USM may grant sublicenses under this Agreement. In the event a sub-license is granted
by USM, then in addition to any other consideration due HPI under this Agreement, USM
shall pay over HR HI (15% of down payments to USM in cash, (i 58% 0 ay ock
Page 3 of 14 Pages

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 2202, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C-4
issued in connection with such sub-license and; (iii) three-percent (3%) of all gross
income derived by the sub-licensee relating to the Technology. All sublicenses are to be
approved by HPI. All 3% Royalues paid pursuant to this item 2e shall be paid to HPI
directly.
3. License Term
a. Unless sooner terminated as provided herein, this Agreement will continue for a period
equal to the expiration date of any and all patents or other devices enumerated heretofore
as a part of the Licensed subject matter plus a period of five years.
b. The Term shall be until the Licensor gives USM notice that USM is no longer in good
standing because of a specified breach or default of one or more of USM's obligations
under this Agreement; USM shall have the right to remedy any such breach or default
within forty-five (45) days thereafter to return to good standing as to such breach or
default. Likewise, if the Licensor should be in breach or default of one or more of
Licensors obligations under this Agreement, the Licensor shall have the right to remedy
any such breach or default within forty-five (45) days thereafter to return to good
standing as to such breach or default.
c. Obligations of this Agreement that are indicated as surviving beyond the end of this
Agreement shall continue for such time period as may be lawful, despite notice by either
party to the other of an election to discontinue either party's participation in or under this
Agreement.
4. Confidentiality
a. To the extent that USM receives Licensed Scientific Knowledge and Know-how, or
either party becomes aware of other proprietary information from the other party via their
relationship pursuant to this Agreement, each recipient of such information will hold it in
onfidence so long as the other party effectively treats it as confidential, except
recific information becomes public knowledge otherwise than by or from USI
b. The foregoing obligation to keep proprietary information confidential and to safeguard it
within the organization of a party will survive any termination of this Agreement to the
extent that such information is not common trade knowledge.
5. Assignment Activation
•
-
HPICe
Page 4 of 14 Pages
•

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 330, "chars": 2140, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-_--
C-5
a. USM shall make available facilities, equipment, and resources for the Technology design,
development, and marketing purposes during the term of this Agreement in order to
enable thé equipment and resultant products to be analyzed, tested, and (as soon as
feasible) to be demonstrated to prospective customers, investors, and other interested
persons.
b. The Licensor will provide the Technology, Licensed Scientific Knowledge and Know-.
how to USM from time to time as may be appropriate and will participate regularly as a
technical consultant relating to the Technology design, development, testing, and
marketing, as USM deems desirable.
6. Royalties
a. The Royalty rate for Licensed Product, Licensed Services, and Licensed Systems is three
percent (3%) of the gross proceeds of all that USM receives in money or other things of
value for leasing, servicing, selling, or otherwise commercializing the same, said royalty
to be payable on a quarterly calendar basis. As an incentive to HPI to execute this
Agreement, USM futher agrees to make advance Royalty payments according to the
following schedule:
•
(i) During the first twelve months of this Agreement, USM shall pay to HPI advance
Royalties equal to $10,000 per month with the first payment due and payable upon
execution of this Agreement;
(i) During the second twelve months of this Agreement, USM shall pay to HPI
advance Royalties equal to $20,000 per month;
(iii) During the third twelve months of this Agreement, USM shall pay to HPI advance
Royalties equal to $30,000 per month and shall continue thereat for the 4th and 5th
year.
(iv) Advanced Royalties set forth in item Gai - ii are recoverable by EFT by being
creditable against whatever Royalty may become due pursuant to this Agreement
•
HPISS
b. Royalty accrues upon invoice, lease, sale, or service by USM but shall not be payable
until USM's receipt of payment therefor and shall be without any deduction from USM's
actual total revenue therefrom, except for customers' related costs (such as insurance,
shipping, or taxes) and then only if so itemized on USM's invoices to them.
Page 5 of 14 Pages
•

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 297, "chars": 1932, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
..-
•
.....
C-6
c. Royalty payable for any given month becomes dua at the end of the then current calendar
quarter, and shall be paid, according to item 6b hereinabove, during the first month of the
next calendar quarter, or will become overdue on the first day of the next month.
d USM and all its Licensees, or nominees shall acknowledge the scientific paternity of
Magnegas by Santilli, and use the terms "Santilli's Magnegas", in production labels of
all equipment and related manuals; headings of official communications, press releases,
Web Sites; and other documents, whenever appropriate.
7. Minimal Sales
As a part of this Agreement, USMAGNEGAS undertakes to achieve the following
minimum levels of sales for the period indicated:
First Year Sales
Second Year Sales
Minimal Sales
$O
$1,500,000
$3,000,000
In addition to those provisions cited in section 13 hereon, failure to achieve the above
minimum sales relating to the Technology shall render USMAGNEGAS in default under this
Agreement. In such an event, USMAGNEGAS shall have 45 days from the date of such
default to cure or remedy minimum sales requirements or this Agreement shall become null
and void and HPI shall reacquire all rights hereunto granted.
8. Payments and Reports
a. USM will report to Licensor, all Royalty for each calendar quarter of the Assignment
Term during the first month of the next ensuing calendar quarter and may include with
each such report full payment of royalty due for (and reported for) the preceding quarter's
operations.
b. Quarterly and annual royalty reports will be signed and be certified as accurate and
complete by an authorized officer of USM.
c. USM will keep accurate and complete records of all business done pursuant to this
Agreement and will make such records available to Licensor; no more than two (2)
persons at once-for inspection during regular business hours, upon at least three (3)
HPIg
Page 6 of 14 Pages
•

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2513, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C-7
business days' advance notice, to determine Royalties accrued and paid or unpaid, and
any other information due hereunder.
d. The Licensor may cause an audit to be made of the applicable records in order to verify
statement for Royalties made hereunder. Any audits shall be conducted by an
independent certified public accountant, acceptable to both parties, and shall be
conducted during regular business hours at USM's offices.
e. The Licensor shall bear the expenses of any such audit unless such audit reveals that the
Royalties paid by USM under this Agreement for the Period subject to the audit are less
than ninety-five percent (95%) of the amount owed by USM for such period. In such
event, the costs of the audit shall be borne by USM, in addition and without limitation to
any right of remedy Licensor may have, USM agrees to pay the balance of such royalties
due the Licensor within forty-five (45) days after written notice is delivered of USM's
understatement of Royalties due. Furthermore, USM shall pay interest on all understated
Royalties at a rate of 1.5% per month or lesser amount as mandated by law, computed
from the day on which said Royalties were due and owing to the Licensor.
f. Refusal by USM to report or to pay Royalty, or to maintain or make available records of
business done hereunder, will forfeit USM's good standing under this Agreement, if not
remedied within forty-five (45) days.
g. In addition to all other payments made to HPI, USMAGNEGAS shall further pay $5,000
(five-thousand dollars) per month to Dr. Ruggero Santilli who shall then be available for
consultation, advise and presentations provided such activities do not exceed 20 hours per
month. Any additional time required of Dr. Santilli by USM shall be the subject of a
separate agreement and shall not in any manner be connected with nor construed as a part
of this Agreement as well as all related work needed to prosecute patents worldwide.
When a Consulting Agreement is executed, this item will be merged therewith.
9. Improvements
a Any new composition, design, product, or service conducive to third party competition
with Licensed Product or Licensed Services or Licensed Systems, invented or otherwise
coming under the control of either party during the Assignment Term, is deemed an
"Improvement" and such party will disclose the same to the other party promptly and in
enough detail to enable the other party to elect whether to have such Improvement
included hereunder.
•
•
Page 7 of 14 Pages
•

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 396, "chars": 2632, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
b. As to any such Improvement by either party, either party may elect to have such
Improvement included hereunder, within three (3) months after first knowledge thereof,
without change in Royalty, by promptly notifying the other party of an election to do so;
and the party that made or acquired such Improvement nced do no more if both parties
fail to elect to include the Improvement.
c. The originating party of an elected Improvement that appears possibly patentable after a
competent prior art search, will file and prosecute a patent application thereon, and may
discontinue prosecuting it or maintaining any resulting patent, but only after giving the
other party notice of such intention plus ample opportunity to take such (or equivalent)
action at its own sole future discretion and expense.
d. If the parties have joint inventorship/ownership patent rights in an issued Improvement
patent, the parties will share equally the related ownership rights and expenses including
any official patent maintenance fees for any one Improvement patent. The parties need
not exercise improvement patent rights, except as this Agreement may provide, nor need
either party account to the other party for any lawful activity regarding such patent rights
outside this Agreement.
e. The parties recognize that well-based differences may arise with regard to origination of
any given Improvement and that as to U.S. patents the determination of inventorship and
of patentability is exclusively within the jurisdiction of the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office and the Federal Courts. Unless the parties are/have joint inventors or successor (s)
thereto and hence are joint owners, they specifically agree that for any Improvement
patent application and for any resulting patent for an Improvement elected by either
party to be included hereunder, regardless of inventorship, the Improvement originating
or otherwise acquiring party will grant to the other party (if that other party so elects) an
unrestricted paid-up (free) license to practice the Improvement for the Assignment Term,
if such practice of it would not violate any non-elected prior patent of the grantor-
Licensor.
f. Each party's foregoing Improvement rights are executory in nature, including the right to
be informed of any Improvement by the other party, and to elect an Improvement for
inclusion hereunder (or not), and including rights to ongoing prosecution of patent
applications and maintenance of patents by an originating party of an elected
Improvement, and receipt of license or ownership rights thereunder.
10. Infringement Rights
Heily
Page 8 of 14 Pages
•
•

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 417, "chars": 2685, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
<-)
a. In the event that USM's commercialization of any Licensed Product, Licensed Service,
or Licensed System is accused of infringing a proprietary right of any third party, the
parties will tooperate in attempting to avoid such infringement or to prove lack of
infringement, and so long as USM's license hereunder is exclusive to the extent set forth
above, USM will have a right, but not an obligation, to defend or assist in defending
against any infringement action brought by a third party, and shall have also the
obligation to pay one-half (1/2) of the costs of doing so, except as either party may
_ voluntarily pay more thereof incidental to participation therein.
b. Neither party will be liable to the other party if unable or unwilling to continue this
Agreement because of such infringement of third-party rights, and in that event USM will
cease commercializing Licensed Products, Licensed Services, and Licensed Systems, and
USM will relinquish its rights hereunder in that event, and thereby terminate its Royalty
and attendant obligations to the Licensor.
c. In the event that the activities of any third party are asserted (or other-wise appear) to
infringe an intellectual property right Licensed to USM hereunder, the parties will
cooperate in attempting to ascertain and to abate such infringement. So long as USM's
Assignment hereunder is exclusive to the extent set forth above, USM will have a prior
right, but not an obligation, to abate such infringement, whether by litigation or
otherwise, subject to paying all the costs of doing so other than such costs or expenses as
the Licensor may voluntarily pay incidental thereto or to participation therein. Any
moneys recovered from a third-party infringer will be retained by the parties, pro-rated to
their expenditures after determining what portion of moneys recovered are due the
Licensor as part of any Royalty, whose action(s) had such result.
d. If third-party infringement is not abated, USM may elect to continue as a non-exclusive
Licensee under this Agreement as its sole remedy, or alteratively USM may discontinue
its license and cease royalty payments as its sole remedy.
11. Assurances
a. The Licensor assures USM of its origination of the inventions and guarantee USM of the
Licensor's invention priority to their best knowledge.
b. The Licensor warrants ownership to their best knowledge of the Licensed Products and
Licensed Services, in the specific sense that the Licensor has no reason to believe that
any third party has any right to prevent either the Licensor or Licensee from practicing
any Licensed lavention, or fre in pay Licrsed Trademark, as provided a thig
Page 9 of 14 Pages
•

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2185, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C-10
Agreement, and Licensor warrant such practice or usage as non-infringing of third-party
rights.
c On behalf of Licensor, Dr. Santilli will instruct and/or assist USM's personnel in design,
manufacturing, quality standards, testing, distribution, marketing, and sale, as well as
proper marking, of Licensed Product and Licensed Systems, and Licensor will provide
Licensed Know-how in doing so, as may be applicable as part of a separate Consulting
Agreement.
d. The Licensor will have no liability whatever to USM for USM's actions or inactions
under this Agreement, and USM will save the Licensor harmless against any liability to
third parties whether based upon agency, contract, negligence, product liability, or other
basis-for any claim based on action or inaction of USM relating to Licensed Products,
Services, or Systems.
12. Product Marking
a. USM will mark on Licensed Products (or containers) each patent number applicable
thereto upon being advised thereof by the Licensor. In the absence of patents, USM shall
be under no product marking obligations relating to any use of the Technology, except
for the identification of paternity set forth in this Agreement, paragraph 6d.
b. USM will display a Licensed Trademark (if elected) on all Licensed Products and in
advertising copy, brochures, and publications by or for USM about Licensed Product.
USM will not use any Licensed Trademark in or as a trade name (i) if not elected, or (ii)
if elected, after USM discontinues (or other termination of) USM's license under this
Agreement.
c. USM will not make any material change in materials, production methods, or otherwise
that might affect the nature or quality of any Technology product or service, without
advance notice to the Licensor.
d. If USM elects to use one or more Licensed Trademarks), USM will display one thereof
on each container of Licensed Product made by or for it, and in all Licensed Product
advertising copy, product brochures, press releases, and publications by or for USM
about Licensed Product plus the generic name of the goods, together with occasional
notice that such Trademark is the property of the Licensor.
!
HPI CS
Page 10 of 14 Pages

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2297, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C-ll
13.
Termination
a. This Agreement may only be terminated according to law or in the event of a specific
breach of the terms and conditions herein set forth including but not limited to the
payment of royalties. Any breach of this Agreement shall require the party which asserts
such breach to notify the other party and allow for a period of forty-five days to effect a
cure of any such breach. In the absence of any such cure, this Agreement automatically
-terminates without need of further written notice.
b. Upon termination, USM will refrain from exercising thereafter any right it had by
license hereunder, such as practicing the invention of any previously Licensed
Patent, or using a Licensed Trademark or confusingly similar expression.
c. Whenever USM is not in good standing hereunder, the Licensor may render USM's
Assignment wholly non-exclusive, or if it is already non-exclusive for a prior breach or
default the Licensor may terminate USM's rights hereunder, in the absence of specific
curative provisions for USM's breach or default, or if USM has had an opportunity to
comply such a curative provisions and failed or refused to do so.
d. If either party becomes, or would become, disabled-as by the other party's choosing, or
being subjected to, an act or a procedure for relief of debtors from enforcing compliance
with a given executory obligation of the other party hereunder (e.g., compliance with
standards, action with regard to infringers, offer of Improvements) the thus disabled party
may deem this Agreement and the license and other rights under this Agreement
terminated.
. e. No inaction or overlooking by the Licensor or Licensee of any condition or provision of
this Agreement or of any breach or default thereof either party shall be deemed to imply
or to constitute a future waiver of any similar breach or default of the same or other
condition/provision.
I. This Agreement is automatically terminated in the event of USM financial insolvency
and bankruptcy, in which case Licensor re-acquires the complete rights granted
hereunder.
g. This Agreement is also automatically terminated in the event USM has no sales for the
continuous duration of two years, in which case Licensor re-acquires the entire rights
granted hereunder.
HPICL
Page 11 of 14 Pages
•

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 142, "chars": 889, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C-12
14.
Notices
alifto Licensor
15. Miscellaneous
a. If any one or more provision (s) or effects) of this Agreement should prove to be invalid
or unenforceable, and the Agreement be otherwise valid and enforceable, the invalid of
unenforceable provision or portion thereof will be severed, and the remainder of the
Agreement be and remain valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law.
b. This Agreement is made for the benefit of the parties, their heirs, successors, and
assigns, and any other person or legal entity named in any provision hereof, and not made
. to give any unnamed person or legal entity any right of action whatever.
c. Each statement made in this Agreement is deemed material, and each party is entited to
rely, and deemed to have relied, upon the truth and correctness thereof in entering into
this Agreement.
HPI CL
Page 12 of 14 Pages
•

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2035, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C-13
d. Each party acknowledges that he has received advice of independent counsel of choice as
to the inducements, provisions, and terms of this Agreement, and their effect, whereupon
entering into this Agreèment is cach party's free and independent act.
e. This Agreement is to be governed by Federal law to whatever extent a proprietary right
granted by the United States is involved, and otherwise by Florida law, except as
activities of a party in any other State render that other State's law applicable.
I. In the event that any action or proceeding is brought to enforce any of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, then the party in whose favor relief is granted and/or
judgment is entered shall be entitled to have and recover from the other party or parties
all costs, prejudgment interest, and reasonable attorney's fees incurred in connection with
the enforcement action.
g. Notice to be given under this Agreement will be in writing and be addressed to the other
party at the address of such party hereinabove, unless such address has been superseded
by like notice, whereupon the latest noticed address thereof is to be used. Notice will be
effective when delivered to the addressee, or-if not a change of address-when sent by
Express or Registered Mail so addressed.
h. This Agreement sets forth the entire intent and understanding of the parties with regard to
the subject matter hereof, and merges any prior negotiations or agreements by the parties
as to such subject matter, and no addition, deletion, or other modification of the wording
hereof may be made except in writing subsequent hereto and signed by the party or
parties to be bound thereby.
i. As per the Worldwide Assignment, License and Royalty Agreement, upon the formation
of Euro-and/or AsiaMagneGas, respectively, USM shall amend this Agreement to render
same exclusive to the North, Central and South American possessions and territories
only. This action will be taken as each Euro-and AsiaMagneGas are formed.
•
:
HPRe
Page 13 of 14 Pages
•

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 48, "chars": 293, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
<-14
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed, sealed, and
attested by persons duly authorized so to do, as of the date first stated hereinabove.
For Hadronic Press, Inc.
For USMAGNEGAS, Inc.
Ratified by its Chairman of the Board of Directors
Page 14 of 14 Pages

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 114, "chars": 788, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
D-1
H
P
September 14, 2001
NOTICE OF VARIOUS DEFAULTS OF VARIOUS CONTRACTS ON THE MAGNEGAS
TECHNOLOGY
ON SEPTEMBER 14, 2001
This is a notification of the following several defaults by you of various agreements on the Santili
Magnegas Technology:
AGREEMENT # 1: "WORLD-WIDE EXCLUSIVE ASSIGNMENT, LICENSE AND ROYALTY
AGREEMENT" signed on July 5, 2000, by XXXXX President of Hadronic Press, Inc.
(HPI), XXXXXX President and Chief Executive Officer and Leon Toups, Executive Vice
President, EarthFirst Technologies, Inc. (EFT).
NOTICE OF DEFAULT # I OF THE TERMS SET FORTH IN PARAGRAPH & a ii requesting
that "EFT shall deposit such sums directly to USMAGNEGAS prior to the 30-th of each month
such that on the first day of each month during the course of the Research and Development
-1of4-

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 636, "chars": 4212, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
D-2
program annexed hereto as Exhibit 6, USMAGNEGAS shall baye on deposit all cash roquirement
stipulated in writing according to the aforesaid formulae, " According to ample documentation and
eyewitnesses, EFTI has defaulted this crucial term of the agreement during the months of
September 2000, October 2000, November 2000, December 2000, January 2001, February 2001,
March 2001, April 2001, May 2001, June 2001, July 2001, August 2001 and September 2001.
Numerous repeated notices of defaults were sent to your company by R. M. Santilli, Director of
Research and Development, the last one being dated August 25, 2001. Said documented, repeated
and systematic defaults eventually caused the paralysis of the production of the magnegas reactors
and your lack of any cure of this serious default was a primary reason for the resignation by XX
XXXyas Director of Research and Development of his magnegas technology. In accordance with
Paragraph 10.c, we hereby serve you this notice of default filed in full accordance with the
provisions set forth in Paragraph 19, according to which you have 45 days to cure this default,
after which "this agreement shall be null and void and there shall be no further obligation of either
party."
AGREEMENT # 2: "LETTER OF INTENT RELATED TO THE FORMATION OF
EUROMAGNEGAS AND ASIAMAGNEGAS" which is an integral part of Agreement I, as stated
in the later, Paragraph 1g where it is identified as "Exhibit 4"
NOTICE OF DEFAULT # II OF THE TERMS SET FORTH IN PARAGRAPH 7, according to
which "On or before six month from incorporation, corresponding to nine months from the date of
execution of the World-Wide Exclusive Assignment, License and Royalty Agreement,
EuroMagnegas and AsiaMagnegas shall receive complete working prototypes of PlasmaArFlow
recyclers and sewage recyclers. USMagnegas shall bear all costs associated with this item 7." In
January 2001, upon the achievement of maturity for an initial production for PlasmaArcFlow
Reactor with 50 Kwh, R. M. Santilli requested during a meeting of the board of Directors of
USMagnegas the immediate construction by USMagnegas of two samples of said recyclers for the
specific purpose of not defaulting on the terms herein considered, due to the mandatory need for
the availability of said reactors by said EuroMagnegas and AsiaMagnegas to initiate their operation.
A certain William Kardash, then appointed by John Stanton to be the production manager, and
acting on his behalf as per his own statements, systematically refused the construction of said two
prototypes, with consequential evident default of this important condition for the very existence of
Euro Magnegas and AsiaMagnegas. Subsequently, on July 2001, upon achievement of maturity of
production of the bigger PlasmaAreFlow recyclers with 150 Kwh, ZZZZXY requested again
the production of two reactors to be shipped to EuroMagnegas and AsiaMagnegas, and, again, said
XX*XXX this time acting outside USMagnegas but also in representation of J. Stanton, refused
the funds for the production of said reactors, refusal which subsequently was another important
reason for X
Ky to resign as Director of Research and Development. This is the final
notice for you to cure this protracted and repeated default. You therefore have 45 (forty five) days
to takes steps to cure this default. If, for any reason, said recyclers have not been shipped as above
indicated within 45 days, both exclusive license on the magnegas technology for Euromagnegas
and AsiaMagnegas shall be null and void without any obligation by either party.
NOTICE OF DEFAULT #II OF THE TERMS SET FORTH IN PARAGRAPH 13, according to
which, at the time of incorporation of EuroMagnegas, EFT should have issued to HPI an option to
purchase 250,000 shares of EFT common stock at the market value of the time. Numerous
requests were moved by &
X to cure this default with no result. This is the
final notice for you to issue to HPI the agreed option for the purchase of 250,000 shares of EFTI
common stock at the market value of the day of issuance. You have 45 (forty five) days to cure this
default. In the absence of said cure within the indicated period of time, the license on the magnegas
-2014-

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 530, "chars": 3321, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
i
technology for EuroMagnegas shall be null and void, without any obligation by either parly.
NOTICE OF DEFAULT # TV OF THE TERMS SET FORTH IN PARAGRAPH 14, according to
which, at the time of incorporation of AsiaMagnegas, EFT should have issued to HIPI an option to
purchase 250,000 shares of EFT common stock at the market value of the time. Numerous
requests were moved by XXXXXXXXXXXXX to cure this default with no result. This is the
final notice for you to issue to HPI the agreed option for the purchase of 250,000 shares of EFTI
common stock at the market value of the date of issuance. You have 45 (forty five) days to cure
this default. In the absence of said cure within the indicated period of time, the license on the
magnegas technology for AsiaMagnegas shall be null and void, without any obligation by either
party.
AGREEMENT # 3: EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT ON THE SANTILLI MAGNEGAS
TECHNOLOGY FOR EUROMAGNEGAS, LTD, DENOTED "EXHIBIT # 5(i) OF
AGREEMENT # 1,SIGNED ON THE 18-TH OF DECEMBER 2000 BYXXXXXXX AS
PRESIDENT AND CEO OF EFT, 2XXXX
KJAS PRESIDENT AND CEO OF HPI and
AS PRESIDENT AND CEO OF EUROMAGNEGAS, Itd.
preceding Defaults # 1, I, I and to sater dear denis of said license editor is all
event of lack of cure of the above defaults within the indicated 45 days period, said exclusive
license for EuroMagnegas is null and void without any further obligation by any party.
AGREEMENT # 4: EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT ON THE SANTILLI MAGNEGAS
TECHNOLOGY FOR ASIAMAGNEGAS, LIM,SIGNED ON THE 1-ST OF JULY 2001 BY J.
STANTON AS PRESIDENT AND CEO OF EFT, CARLA SANTILLI AS PRESIDENT AND
CEO OF HPI and R.M. SANTILLI AS PRESIDENT AND CEO OF EUROMAGNEGAS, Itd.
NOTICE OF DEFAULT # VI: Since the latter agreement is based on the preceding ones, all
preceding Defaults # I, LI, III and IV constitute clear defaults of the latter license. Therefore, in the
event of lack of cure of the above defaults within the indicated 45 days period, said exclusive
license for AsiaMagnegas is null and void without any further obligation by any party.
NOTICE OF DEFAULT # VII OF THE PAYMENTS SET FORTH IN PARAGRAPH 6.a.(i),
LACK OF CURE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL TERMINATION. According to Paragraph 6.a (i),
EFTI had the obligation to initiate the payment to HPI of $ 10,000 (ten thousand dollars) per
month commencing with the first payment due on July 1, 2001. No payment of any nature in this
respect has been received by fiPl to date. In accordance with the terms set forth in the agreements
you have 45 (forty five) days from the date of reception of this fax, September 14, 2001, to cure
this default, after which the exclusive license agreement on the Santilli magnegas technology for
Asiamagnegas is null and void without any further obligation by either party, and our company is
free to grant an exclusive license on the same technology to other corporations or individuals for
the same geographical area.
> faxed tox
& notice of default with the request of cure
within 45 days as per enclosed copy. No cure of such a default occurred within the following 45
days grace period. Therefore, the exclusive license on the Santilli magnegas technology for
AsiaMagnegas, Lim, is hereby declared automatically terminated, and HP! is free to grant an
exclusive license to another party for the Asian market.
-3
of 4-
D -3

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1771, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AGREEMENT # 5: EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT ON THE SANTILLI MAGNEGAS
TECHNOLOGY FOR USMAGNEGAS, INC>, SIGNED ON THE 5-TH OF JULY 2000 BY J.
STANTON AS PRESIDENT AND CEO OF EFT, LEON TOUPS AS PRESIDENT OF
USMAGNEGAS, INC., AND CARLA SANTILLI AS PRESIDENT AND CEO OF HPL.
NOTICE OF DEFAULT # VII: Since the latter agreement is based on the preceding ones, all
preceding Defaults # I, II, I and IV constitute clear defaults of the latter license. Therefore, in the
event of lack of cure of the above defaults within the indicated 45 days period, said exclusive
license for USMagnegas is null and void without any further obligation by any party.
NOTICE OF DEFAULT #IX OF THE PAYMENTS SET FORTH IN PARAGRAPH 6.a (i),
AND CONSEQUENTIAL TERMINATION IN CASE OF LACK OF CURE. According to said
Paragraph 6.a (ii), EFTI had the obligation to pay $ 20,000 (twenty thousand dollars) advance
royalties for the month off August 2001. This payment was never received by HPI despite several
solicitations with deadlines for the reception of payments since the same payments were crucial for
HPI to meet its own payment for patent work with the Law Firm Mason & Associates in
Clearwater, Florida. No Payment has been received as of today. This is our FINAL NOTICE for
curing this crucial default within 45 (forty five) days from the date of reception of this fax,
September 14, 2001, in the absence of said cure the exclusive license on the Santilli magnegas
technology to USMagnegas, Inc., shall automatically terminate, and HPI shall be free to grant an
exclusive license to other parties on the same technology for the same geographical area.
In closing EFT shall assume full responsibility for the consequences of the above as well other
defaults.
XXXX
cale Saull, President
-4 of 4-

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 200, "chars": 1296, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
D-5
H
P
Cops
Ce-Tifer Mrie 70000800002606960075
Dated Seph. 15, 2001
201
This letter is to confirm what separately communicated to you by XX
* in his "Final
Report" on the magnegas technology dated September 1, 2001, and addendum dated September 3,
2001, to the effect that our company is in complete compliance with all terms and conditions set
forth in "The technology exclusive license and royalties agreement" signed on July 5, 2000.
In conformity with Section 9, pages 7 and 8, on "Improvements" of the same agreement, this letter
is to offer you the option to acquire the world wide exclusive patent rigats on all additional
improvements mentioned in the above identified "Final Report" which pertain to new reactors, new
fuels and new applications. Please note that you have had the knowledge of these improvements
for over 3 months from preceding written and verbal reports on patents by X
beginning
from January 2001.
Please let us have a written decision to be received by us on or before 30 days from today on: the
means you intend to support the cost of these various new patents, which costs have been
projected in said "Final Report" to be of the order of $ 23M over the next 3 years in addition to the
S 1M costs projected in 2000; plus your proposal for our profits.
Yours, Truly

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 159, "chars": 1206, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
D-6
Professional Associarion
Accorneys of Lowu
XXXX
October 30, 2001
CERTIFIED MAIL
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED
7000 1670 0009 5211 5950
and Tirat Class U.8. Mail
X
Re:
Iermination of Agreements and Cease and Desist of Use of IP
Property
Our File No.: 3293.016
Dear MI.
XXs:
We represent Hadronic Press, Inc. in its intellectual property
matters and have been
asked
to respond to EarthFirst
Technologies, Inc.'g letter of October 18, 2001, particularly in
the context of the recent termination of all license agreements
between EarthFirst Technologies, Inc. ("EarthFirst") and/oI
USMagneGas, Inc. and Hadronic Press, Inc. ("Hadronic Press").
and Hadronic Press,
On September 14, 2001, notification of various defaults was
provided to you
related to specific provisions of the following
agreements:
a. the "World-Wide Exclusive Assignment, License,
and Royalty Agreement" dated July 5, 2000;
b. the "Letter of Intent Related To The Formatior
Of EuroMagneGas and AsiaMagneGas" which is ar
integral
part of the aforementioned July 5, 2000
agreement;
c. the "Exclusive License Agreement on the Santilli
vagnegas Technology for EuroMagnegas, LID. denotec
as Exh. 5(i) of the July 5, 2000 World-wide
Agreement;
• •

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2437, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EarthFirat Technologies, Inc.
USMagneGin, Inc.
Page 2
October 30, 2001
D-7
d. the "Exclusive License Agreement on the Santilli
MagneGas Technology for AsiaMagneGas, LIM, " dated
July 1, 2001; and
e. the "Exclusive License Agreement on the Santilli
MagneGas Technology for USMagneGas, Inc.", dated
• July 5, 2001.
The defaults were not cured within the contractually dictated
time limits and the above-mentioned agreements are by their
explicit terms now automatically terminated without need for
further written notice.
We want to make it clear that Hadronic Press is the owner of
United States Patent Number 6,183, 604, dated February 6, 2001.
In addition, Hadronic Press is the owner of several related
patent applications, including continuation and/or continuation-
in-part applications, which were filed with the United States
- No i the nan
Patent & Trademark Office in the name of inventor Ruggero Maria
Santilli and properly assigned to Hadronic Press. In addition,
Hadronic Press owns the rights to the trademarks related to the
technology, including MAGNEGAS™
', PLASMAARCFLOW™, MAGNELIQUID™
and others.
Accordingly, EarthFirst's demand that copies of all
patent applications be turned over to EarthFirst is rejected.
Its demand that ownership rights to the intellectual property be
transferred to EarthFirst is similarly without merit and is
rejected.
EarthFirst's assertion that it owns all or at least a part of the
trademark and patent rights to any technology developed since
February, 1998, as well as any otner intellectual property
relating to the technology allegedly conducted using EarthFirst
money, know-how, equipment, premises or the like is unfounded.
The agreements clearly show that any payments made to Hadronic
Press were royalties for the license to use the technology owned
by Hadronic Press.
As you know, EarthFirst has never had, MOI is
presently in possession of
any independent "know-how" sufficient
to exploit the technology. All the know-how required for
promoting the technology is embodied in the scientific knowledge
Of Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli, who has assigned the ownership rights
to Hadronic Press.
Given that Hadronic Press owns the technology, It is free to
license the technology to any entity it so desires.
In view of the termination of any and all license agreements
between Hadronic Press
and EarthFirst USMagneGas and its
subsidiaries, Hadronic Press hereby demands that EarthFirst and

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2245, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EarthFirst Technologies,
InC.
USMagneGas, Inc.
Page 3
October 30, 2001
D-8
its subsidiary companies immediately cease and desist practicing
any of the inventions
embodied in the technology owned by
Hadronic Press including the sale, use, or distribution of
equipment and products protected by the inventions.
macately eate the
Should these
companies not immediately cease the wrongful conduct, we have
been authorized to take all steps necessary to enforce our
client's rights, including the initiation of suit for monetary
damages and injunctive relief against them and the responsible
officers of the companies individually.
We will seek damages
adequate to compensate for any direct,
contributory or induced
infringement, but in no event less than a reasonable royalty. We
will also seek to recover our attorney's fees and costs on behalf
of our client.
Hadronic Press also hereby demands that EarthFirst, USMagneGas
and other subsidiaries immediately cease and desist from using or
displaying any trademarks, copyrights, and all domain names,
related to the technology, including the use of the trademark
"MAGNEGAS™" in any subsidiary business entity name.
We require oral confirmation that you will discontinue exploiting
the technology and using any of the trademarks, copyrights and
domain names using such trademarks and copyright material by 5:00
p.m., EST November 9, 2001.
Moreover, on or before November 15, 2001, we require that you
submit the following to us by certified mail:
1.
A confirmation that you are no longer exploiting the
protected technology, including the manufacture of related
equipment and sale of products manufactured by the equipment, and...
a confirmation that you are no longer using any the related
trademarks, copyrights and domain names using such trademarks and
copyright material.
A sample of all advertising or promotional literature
on the protected technology, together with a plan for immediate
destruction of the same.
A list of all newspapers, periodicals, and other
appeared or will dear and proter do control hot the
appeared or will appear in
same.
4.
Samples of all Internet web page materials relating to
the protected technology, together with a plan for immediate
destruction of the same.
•

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 78, "chars": 583, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EarthFirst Technologies, Inc.
USMagneGas, Inc.
Page 4
october 30, 2001
D -9
If we do not receive a response from you within the time
specified stating that you are complying with our demands, we
have, as stated above, been authorized to take whatever action we
deem necessary to prevent your unauthorized infringing use of the
above described intellectual property rights and to recover
appropriate damages, profits, and injunctive relief.
GOVERN YOURSELVES ACCORDINGLY.
Sincerely,
ASh/ag1
Enclosures
C:
Hadronic Press, Inc.
3293C016.LTR C " D to Stanton i Toups.102901.doc
10/29/01

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 102, "chars": 720, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5145
D -10
March 14, 2002
SENT VIA CERTIFIED MAIL
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED,
REGULAR U.S. MAIL AND
VIA FAÇSIMILE TO XXXXXXX
Re:
Notice of Cease and Desist to Earth First Technologles Inc. and
EarthFirst NextGas, Inc. for Continued Unlawful Use of Intellectual
Property and Proprietary Technologies of Hadronic Press, Inc.
Our File No. 343024-2
Dear David:
As you are aware, the law firm ofXXXXXXXXXXXXP.A.nOW represents
On or about October 30, 2001, EarthFirst Technologies, Inc. and USMagneGas,
Inc. each received a Notice to Cease and Desist with regard to their improper use of the
above referenced technologies, from the law firm of Mason & Associates, P.A., on behalf
CLERMONT
LAKELAND
MILDOURNE
ORLANDO
TALLAMASBEE

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 353, "chars": 2469, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
03/14/2002 11:11 FAX 813 273 5145
GH R TAMPA
ROOS
March 14, 2002
Page 2
of Hadronic Press. The Cease and Desist Notice provided at that time demanded that
EarthFirst and USMagneGas cease utilizing the patented technology, proprietary
technology, trade secrets and trade names owned exclusively by Hadronic Press unde
assignment from the named inventor, XX
X Tbe prior Cease and Desist
resulted from dishonored contractual arrangements between the parties, leading t
Hadronic Press' and >
parting of ways from EarthFirst and its affiliates under
unpleasant circumstances.
addressing the reality of their lack of entitlement to Hadronic Press' technologies, and
or license the technologies to Ear First under unev arrangarat, apparently on adad at
procced unlawfully, regardless, and to file unrelated,
Hadronic Press on unfounded grounds. It is clear that your clients are proceeding to
"made up" trade names impiemented by them on December 13, 2001, for which the very
product descriptions and marketing materials for NextGas and BigSpark Reactors are
virtually identical to Hadronic Press' MagneGas and PlasmaArFlow Reaciors
respectively.
Hadronic Press has been informed that EarthFirst and its affiliates remain in
possession of one 50 kilowatt, three 150 kilowatt and one 250 kilowatt pre-production
PlasmaArcFlow Reactor units developed by XXXXX when he was previously a
scientific consultant for EarthFirst, that these units are still being used by your clients
(and is their only current means) to generate MagneGas, and that your clients are
presently selling the MagneGas to end users as NextGas. Hadronic Press further believes •
that your clients are unlawfully promoting and marketing the so-called Bigspark
Reactors, which are none other than the identical technology to the PlasmaArcFlow
Reactors for which technology Hadronic Press owns United States Patent Number
6,183,604, dated February 6, 2001. Finally, principals of Hadronic Press have observed in
the marketing and advertising materials of your clients, including but not limited to
Earth First's website, the continued use of the trade name MagneGas.
Earth First's prior assertion that it owns all or at least a part of the trademark and
patent rights to any iechnology devcloped since February, 1988 by XXXX, as well as
any other intellectual property relating to the technology allegedly conducted using
EarthFirst money, equipment, premises or the like is wholly unfounded in law. As the
D-Y

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2543, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
03/29/2002 11:12 FAX 813 273 5145
GER TAMPA
4004
March 14, 20002
Page 3
advancing and developing the subject technology is embodied in the scientific knowledge
of Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli, who has assigned the ownership rights to Hadronic Press, as
evidenced by the filing of the assignments with the USPTO.
Hadronic Press hereby renews its previously unhoeded demands that EarthFirst,
NexiGas and all affiliated companies immediately cease and desist utilizing the patented
technologies, " proprietary technologies, trade secrets and trade names owned and
controlled exclusively by Hadronic Press, including but not limited to the sale, marketing,
use, or distribution of equipment and products related to MagueGas and PlasmaArFlow •
Reactors, regardless of what new or other trade names your clients attempt to mask them
with in a futile effort to avoid liability for patent infringement, theft of trade secrets, and
trade mark infringement.
I sincerely appeal to you as a professional, now that you are on notice of this
matter, to conduct the appropriate diligence into this matter. I further request that you
review your clients' promotional material and websites for the improper, continued use of
Hardonic Press' trade names such as magnegas, and advise your clients to cease utilizing
these proprietary technologies and intellectual property accordingly.
Your clients, by their actions, have demonstrated a level of intentional
unlawfulness and blatant disregard for the rights of Hadronic Press such that Hadronic
Press believes that this Cease and Desist notice will yet again be ignored. Be assured that
Hadronic Press has now positioned and funded itself to aggressively and immediately
pursue all remedies available under applicable laws, should your clients persist in their
present course of wrongful conduct. This firm has been authorized to take all steps
necessary to protect our client's valuable rights, including the initiation of a lawsuit
against EarthFirst, its various affiliates, and where appropriate, officers and direciors
individually, for monetary damages, declaratory and injunctive relief, and so forth.
Hadronic Press will also seck to recover its refated attorney's fees and costs.
I respectfuliy request the courtesy of your response within ten days form your
receipl of this Cease and Desist correspondence, during which you will hopefully have
the opportunity to obtain proper diligence and explanation from your clients so as to
make an informed reply.
Sincerely,
D-12
co: Hadronic Press, Inc.
*509862 v1

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 3052, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Via fax 727-507 8261 and cerufied mail retur receipt requestod
NOTICE TO CEASE AND DESIST
CIVIL AND CRIMINAL VIOLATIONS IN YOUR
XXXX
D-1>
XX
WHEREAS I am the scientist who originated the new technology for the recycling of liquid
waste known únder the name of "MagneGas™M
, and, as such, I am entitled to part of its proceeds.
WHEREAS all patents, patent applications, trademarks, domain names, copyrights and
know how on said MagneGas technology are owned by the Florida Corporation HADRONIC
PRESS, INC. (HPI), as recorded in the appropriate goverumental and other offices via notarized
documents copies of which are enclosed herewith as "Exhibit 1".
WHEREAS, on July 5, 2000, HPI granted an exclusive license on the MagneGas
Technology to the EarthFirst Technology Inc. (EFTI) based on A certain schedule of payment of
advance royalties needed as partial contribution for the high costs of patent protection.
WHEREAS, after regular payment of said advance royalties for one year, as well as formal
acknowledgment of said license in its SEC filings, on July 1, 2001, J. Stanton, principal
stockholder of EFTI halted payment of said advance royalties to HPI.
WHEREAS, following numerous useless solicitations, HPI sent to J. Stanton on
September 14, 2001, a formal NOTICE OF DEFAULT with request of cure within 45 days as per
license, copy of which is herewith attached as "Exhibit 2".
WHEREAS, J. Stanton ignored said Notice of Default, thus forcing HPI attorneys to send
a formal NOTICE TO CEASE AND DESIST in the development of the magnegas technology
dated September 30, 2001, copy of which is herewith enclosed as "Exhibit 3".
WHEREAS, following the reception of the latter Notice, J. Stanton and J. Mahoney, then
President and CEO of EFTI continued in the development and use of my technology and changed
the name of Magnegas into "nextgas" and from "PlasmaArcFlow Reactors ™M into "bigspark".
WHEREAS, nextgas and big sparks are identical to MagneGas and PlasmaArFlow
Reactors as you can verify in the SEC disclosure by EFTI and our site http://www.magnegas.com.
WHEREAS, the continuation of developing the technology following a formal Notice to
Cease and Desist constitutes a violation of the civil code entitled to triple compensation, while the
change of name of my technology under a formal Notice to Cease and Desist constitute a fraud.
shus being a violation of our Criminal Laws,
WHEREAS, J. Stanton, J. Mahoney and the other officers of EFTI have refused
throughout five month any honorable settlement of the case.
WHEREAS, you have been officially announced by EFTI as being the marketing manager
of the magnegas-nextgas technology.
NOW, WHEREFORE, I HERE NOTIFY YOU THAT your activity with the
magnegas-nextgas technology is in violation of Civil and Criminal Codes for
which i reserve the right to prosecute you at the time of my choosing.
Acting pro se under the protection of the First Amendment of the U. S. Constitution without any
connection, explicit or implied with corporations and institutions to which I may be affiliated.

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 96, "chars": 775, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
...
E-l
THE SIXTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA, IN AND FOR
PINELLAS COUNTY
CIVIL CASE NUMBER 02-3265C1007
FILED APRIL 21, 2002
HADRONIC PRESS, INC.
Plaintiff,
FLÓRIDA ENGINEERED CONSTRUCTION PRODUCTS CORPORATION,
EARTHFIRST TECHNOLOGIES, INCORPORATED,
EARTHFIRST NEXTGAS, INC.,
USMAGNEGAS, INC.,
Defendants.
COUNT I (for over $10,000,000) - Breach of Licensing and Royalty Contract
COUNT II (for over $ 10,000,000) - Misappropriation of Trade Secrets under the
Florida Uniform Trade Secret Act
COUNT III (for over $ 10,000,000) - Civil Theft of Technology Pursuant to the Florida
Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act (RICO)
COUNT IV (for over $ 10,000,000) - Conspiracy to Misappropriate Trade Secretes
COUNT V - Temporary and Permanent Injunction
•

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 121, "chars": 984, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
E2
THE SIXTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA, PINELLAS COUNTY
VICIL CASE NO.02-3013C120
FILED APRIL 12, 2002
RUGGERO MARIA SANTILLI,
Plaintiff,
VS.
ARTHFIRST TECHNOLOGIES, INCORPORATED
ARTHFIRST NEXTGAS, INC.
USMAGNEGAS, INC.,
FLORIDA ENGINEERED
CONSTRUCTION PRODUCTS CORPORATION,
SPECTRA LAB, INC.,
VALLEY NATIONAL GASES, INC.,
HARRIS CALORIFIC SALES, INC.,
ARTHUR I. HAGAN,
HOWCO CORPORATION,
JOHN STANTON,
JAMES MAHONEY,
N.R. TOMASETTI,
J.D. TRANEN,
D.K. DANKNER, individually.
COUNT I - Temporary and Permanent Injunction
COUNT II - Civil Theft of Technology Pursuant to the Florida Racketeer
Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act (RICO)
COUNT III - Conversion
COUNT IV - Breach of Fiduciary Duty
COUNT V - Fraud
COUNT VI - Conspiracy to Defraud
COUNT VIII - Conspiracy to Interfere with Advantageous Business Relations
COUNT IX - Breach of Plaintiff's Consulting Agreement
FOR OVER $ 30,000,000 CHARGES
Bryan A. Kutchins, Esquire
KUTCHINS & BISHOP, P.A.
Oldsmar, FL
