{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T15:14:25Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 545366, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119261-coherent-consciousness-and-reduction-randomness-pg-566.pdf", "source_sha256": "60e928e837bb98aeb5353f699607375fa36887b7c0ce0e6bc41548d0b068e5de"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 494, "chars": 3257, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
566
R. D. Nelson
(Nelson, 2001b). Of course, we try hard to understand what the data say, and,
having looked long and carefully at the subtle patterns, we can attempt
explanations in a rudimentary form. It is obviously important to identify the
attempts as speculative and provisional, but having said that, I would like to
describe a picture that appeals to me aesthetically. More general discussion of
alternatives and cautions can be found on the CP Web site.
One way to think of these unexpected correlations is to consider the
possibility that the instruments actually have captured the reaction of an
inchoate global consciousness. The network was built to do just that: to see
whether we could gather evidence for effects of a communal, shared mind in
which we are participants even if we don't know it. Groups of people, including
the group that is the whole world, have a place in consciousness space, and
under special circumstances they-or we-become a stronger presence. Based
on experimental evidence that both individuals and groups manifest something
speculation, we could envision an integrated global mind that pays consistent
attention to events that inspire strong coherence of attention and feeling among
its constituents. Perhaps a useful image is an infant just beginning to develop an
integrated awareness, but already manifesting recognizable emotions in response
to the enveloping comfort of cuddling or the intense discomfort of pain.
The hypothesis we set out to test is that the REG devices we use may respond
to the concerted effect of large numbers of people turning their attention in one
direction, becoming deeply absorbed in one focus. There are alternatives to such
an explanation of the deviations as an effect of communal consciousness,
including that the experimenters themselves might be the source of anomalous
effects. This is a viable hypothesis according to professional parapsychologists
(White, 1976), and we can accept the possibility that such an "experimenter
effect" may contribute to the overall result. The characteristics of the individual
events and their correlated outcomes, however, suggest that a broader and more
comprehensive source is a major contributor. In the full database of formal and
exploratory analyses, there are several instructive parallel cases. For example,
my expectation, and that of my colleagues, for the Omagh bombing event in
Northern Ireland was exactly the same as for the embassy bombings in Africa.
They both were egregious travesties, and they both were the most prominent
international news items when they occurred. Yet the results for these two
analyses are completely different; one showed a huge effect, the other none at
all. The tragedy in Nicaragua in October 1998 from flooding and the collapse of
the Casitas volcano showed no response, contrary to our expectations. The
bombing in Iraq produced no response, while that in Yugoslavia yielded a highly
significant deviation. New Year's Eve, which clearly meets the criteria for
global interest as well as the experimenters expectations, appears to produce
quite different results each year, but in the three New Years we have assessed,
the data around midnight are nonetheless unmistakably structured, not random.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 502, "chars": 3272, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
say, and,
/ attempt
entify the
d like to
ussion of
ider the
n of an
I: to see
mind in
cluding
ice, and
: Based
nething
sis that
ing this
nsistent
among
elop an
sponse
espond
in one
o such
sness,
alous
ogists
lenter
'idual
more
1 and
nple,
nt in
Tica.
nent
two
le at
ie of
The
ghly
for
uce
ed,
im.
Coherent Consciousness and Reduced Randomness
567
Either of these models-communal consciousness or experimenter effect—
begs for an interaction mechanism. One suggestion is to co-opt the essential
qualities of field theory for a "consciousness field" that carries information
(Nelson, 1999). This is not completely out of touch with models in physics, and
might be formalized in terms of David Bohm's concept of active information"
(Bohm, 1980). Other efforts to describe a mechanism that could produce the
anomalous results in these experiments draw on the "observer" requirements of
quantum theory. The idea is that future observation collapses a superposition of
possibilities into a state that may represent reality (Schmidt, 1982; Walker,
2000). A recent formalization of this approach argues that no major changes to
physical theory are required to address anomalous effects of consciousness
(Shoup, 2001b).
The terrible events of September 11 were a powerful magnet for our shared
attention. More than any event in recent memory, they evoked extraordinary
emotions of horror, fear, commiseration and dismay. The EGG network reacted
in a powerful and evocative way. While there are viable alternative
explanations, the anomalous correlation is not a mistake or a misreading. It
can be interpreted as a clear, if indirect, confirmation of the hypothesis that the
eggs* behavior is affected by global events and our reactions to them. This is
startling in scientific terms because we do not have widely accepted models that
accommodate such an interpretation of the data. More important than the
scientific interpretation, however, may be the question of meaning. What shall
we learn, and what should we do in the face of evidence that we may be part of
a global consciousness? Of course, this is not a new idea or a novel question.
The results from this scientific study are an apparent manifestation of the ancient
idea that we are all interconnected, and that what we think and feel has effects
everywhere in the world. The discovery of patterns in the GCP data that appear
to reflect our shock and dismay implies that these insensate but labile electronic
random generators can
"see" the effect of massive, shared emotion and
attention. The challenges posed by this unexplained effect are great, but it may
be an unexpected source of incisive questions about the span of human
consciousness.
Conclusion
The GCP is an extension of laboratory REG experiments and non-intentional
FieldREG experiments to a much larger domain, using a network of REG
sampling nodes
around the world. The
independent devices running in parallel, continuously over months and years,
can be a rich resource for a variety of purposes, including correlation with
special moments in time, as described in this article. It also may be instructive to
attempt correlations with
other variables, such
as the geophysical and
cosmological data that have shown some promise in psychophysiological and
