{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T23:41:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 882895, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119363-update-on-inventions-september-24-2002.pdf", "source_sha256": "9e965ddde1937cd70ed94a9cbca43d2640e236ae6ca95c0a2aba3e7d8d57f262"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 344, "chars": 2082, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Update on Inventions 092462
showed us a levitating solar generator that he is willing to license. It looks
scalable. He also has a catalytic converter for H202. He claims to have an OU device nearing
completion. He is preparing the Resonant Signature device to operate automatically.
is ready to focus on the over unity device, provided we give him $1OK for?
months salary and $5K for parts, all up front (he will document the parts).
has a lithium fuel system and organic to fuel conversion system.
've drafted a proposal for funding. He has not responded.
as completed one version of his device, and I have requested details 0922.
bays he is "99% complete with $300K bonds deal, to be delivered within 1 ½
months.
» Sounds upbeat, eager to work with SEAS once this is done.
Leader has returned from his trip and STILL has not received the book from
Lindemann. He promised to call
and I offered that we would pick up the cost of
fast shipping if necessary. An interesting sidebar:
poke with
believes that the
cacecar replication is real and is based on the (
device! I have
asked 1
o determine why
believes this is so. If the
demo goes off
without a hitch, this could provide us a basis for seriously funding the
work, for
example by having
do it.
our intern, has built the
perform to the expected specs. He is attempting to reach
POD but it doesn't
co discuss this, and
Wilcken is helping.
Has specs for gravitational converter. Expects completion within 2 months.
Needs no help.
In addition to his willingness to build a
device,
is planning to visit
Dct. Sth. Has discussed this with
Based on their comments to me, they are not going to bring this to market
successfully. The demo scheduled for Sept. 7" failed to happen. It has been rescheduled.
Mr. X (with the 5 KW device in continuous operation) has not been in touch
with
hese past 2 weeks. He has taken in an investor, and
Is concerned he may
o longer be interested in us. OTOH, Andre has referred another inventor FIZZIONE whi
seems to have scientific credentials and an interesting device, but there is nothing testable.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 264, "chars": 1659, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Friend of
Claims to have hydrogen to water conversion
engine, but is unwilling got license it.
_Simulation cannot be done because sofiware cannot model an aspect of his system.
Seeking Alberta state funding. Will not collaborate with SEAS unless we visit him; cannot
visit US.
'old Joel Garbon that he will call SEAS first when he has a device to demo.
Failed to keep his promise to meet with SG in Oregon.
Has built the device to specifications, needs to refine one component.
believes he is very close to a testable unit.
Similar to
ee above). Recently dropped US rep, who was an
I have written them in S.
evangelical
disliked for this by both
Africa offering to work with them.
Dropped by Boeing, spoke with
He and Loder have developed a
cordial and respectful relationship. Perhaps we could get Orbitek to fund this, pursue an
SBIR with SEAS on this?
Have a serious if conventional business plan based on
Russian technology (that
takes seriously), and expressed interest in
collaboration with SEAS. Their COO promised to read the Strategic Overview and get bac
to me. COO
has not responded to my calls and letters since.
Has documented (CA and other tests) showing 25% increase in
mileage. Improvable.
Has magnetic device with promising design. Sending writeup this week.
inventors. Includes
with 80 MPG car,
disintegrator for disposing of waste, and others. To contact SG.
with
Fred Epstein
Claims to have centripetal generator, prototype nearing completion.
Claims to have force amplifier (lever). Complex, obtuse plans. Submitted t
Wilcken for review.
completing. Still does not work as specified.
eady to build. Moves a ball around a track endlessly.
