{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T04:21:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 298385, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119323-hal-puthoff-space-propulsion-can-empty-space-provide-a-solution.pdf", "source_sha256": "b2cb670ccf5463acc311b99304450f1fd9a38524524d336473354c5515eb1921"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 394, "chars": 2423, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Space Propu
Can
Emply
Space
Itself
Provide
A Solution?
By H. E. Puthoff
JANUARY/F
UARY
1 9 9
THE LAUNCH OF A MIGHTY ROCKET is truly an ave-inspiring
sight. As it strains against the min forces of gravity and inertia, ne
can only marvel ar the progress we have made in our atrempt co
throw off the shackles that bind mankind to Earth.
But contemplation of the sheer expenditure of energy in such al
launch must also make us wonder whether we will ever colonize
even the closest planet. ler alone travel to the stars. Although rari-
ous propositions to surmount the ditticulties involved have been
pur forward, we cannor help bur hope that the brute force solu.
tions we apply today will one day be replaced by alternatives we
can now only dream of.
The Potential of "Empty Space"
Surprisingly enough, there are hints thar porential help may
emerge quite literally our of the Macuum of so-called "empr
itself, the very medium we wish to conquer. Quantum the-
orytells us thar empry'space is nor truly empro: but rather is the
seat of myriad energetic quantum processes that could have pro.
tound implications for future space travel. To understand these
implications it will serve us to derour for a moment to reviou
briefly the historical derelopment of the scientific view of whar
constitures empry space.
Ar the time of the Greek philosophers. Democritus argued thar
empry space mas truly a void, otherwise there would not be room
for aroms to more around. Aristotle. on the other hand. argued
equally forcefully thar what appeared to be empry spice Was in
fact a plenum ta background filled with substancel, for did nor
heat and light travel trom place to place as if carried by some kind
of medium?
The argument went back and forth through the centuries until
finally codified by Maswell's theory of the luminiferous ether. a
plenum thar carried electromagnetic waves, mcluding light. much
as water carries waves across a lake. Artempts to measure the
properties of this ether, or to meusure the Earth's relociry through
the ether las in the famous Michelson-Morle! experiment). hon-
ever, met with failure. With the rise of special relarivity: which did
not require reterence to such an underlying substrate. Einstein in
1905 ettectively banished the ether in favor of the concept that
empry space constitures a true void. Ten years later. however.
Einstein's own development of the general theory of relativizy:
42
RA

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 295, "chars": 1960, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Imaging to the Edge of Space and Time."
an acrylic painting by James L. Cunningham.
Artwork produced under the NASA Art Program.
Illustration: NASA
with its concept of curved space and distorted
geometry, forced him to reverse his stand and opt
for a richly endowed plenum, under the neur
label spacetime metric.
It was the advent of modern quantum theory.
however, that established the quantum vacuum,
so-called empry space, as a very active place, with
particles arising and disappearing, a virtual plas-
ma, and fields continuously fluctuating abour
their zero baseline values. Such processes are
called zero-point fluctuations (ZPF) of the vacu-
um. reflecting the fact that such activity remains
even at the zero point ot temperature (absolute
zerol after all thermal effects have frozen out.
Empty Space as an Energy Reservoir
What does all this have ro do with space trav-
el: Ar its most fundamental level, we now recog-
nize that the quantum vacuum is an enormous
reservoir of untapped energy, with energy densi-
ries conserrarively estimated by Nobelist
Fernman and others to be on the order of
nuclear energy densities or greater. Therefore, the
question is, can the ZPF energy be "mined" for
practical use: It so. it would constitute a virtually
ubiquitous energy supply, a veritable "Holy
Grail" energy source for space propulsion.
ds utopian as such a possibility may seem.
researcher Robert Forward at Hughes Research
Laboratories, Malibu, CA, demonstrated proot-
of-principle in a paper published in Physical
Reviel B in 1984. "Extracting Electrical Energy
from the Vacuum by Cohesion of Charged
Foliated Conductors." Forward's approach
exploited a phenomenon called the Casimir
Effect. an attractive quantum force berween
closely spaced metal plates, named for its discor-
erer. H.G.B. Casimir of Philips Laboratories in
the Netherlands. The Casimir force derives from
partial shielding of the interior region of the
STARS
43
JAN
/FE
RY
1997

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 631, "chars": 4122, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Flight, Time, Space,"
an acrylic triptych by James L. Cunningham.
Artwork created under the NASA Art Program.
plates from the background zero-point fluctuations (ZPF) of
the vacuum electromagnetic field. This shielding results in
the plates being pushed together by the unbalanced ZPF
radiation pressures, with a consequent conversion of racu-
um energy to some other form such as hear. Proof that such
a process violates neither energy nor thermodynamic con-
straints can be found in a paper by D. Cole and myselt pub-
lished in Phrsical Remen E in 1993. under the title
"Extracting Energy and Hear from the V'acuum." Artempts
in harness the Casimir Effect for vacuum energy conversion
are ongoing in our laboratory and elsewhere, with formats
ranging from pinch ettects in plasmas to bubble collapse in
turbulent fluids as in sonoluminescence.
Yet another example in which Nature herself may have
taken adrantage of energetic vacuum effects is discussed in a
model published by ZPF researchers A. Rueda of Calitornia
Stare University at Long Beach, B. Haisch of Lockheed, and
D. Cole of IBM. In i paper published in the Astrophsical
Journal in 1995, they propose thar the rast reaches of outer
space constitute an ideal environment for ZPF acceleration
of nuclei and thus provide a mechanism for "powering up"
cosmic rays. Derails of the model would appear to account
for other observed phenomena as well, such as the forma-
tion of cosmic voids. Of interest here is a proposal put for-
ward in a report published by the U.S. Air Force Ito be
described later) to investigate the possibility of urilizing a
"sub-cosmic ray" approach to accelerate protons in a cryo-
genically cooled, collision-free vacuum trap and thus extract
energy from the vacuum fluctuations by this mechanisn.
Origins of Gravity and Inertia
Ler us nou go deeper, however. W'hat of the fundamental
forces of gravity and inertia me seek to overcome in space
travel? We have phenomenological theories that describe
their effects Newton's Laws and their relativistic generaliza-
tionsi, bur what of their origins?
The tirst hint that these phenomena might themselves be
traceable to roots in the underlying fluctuations of the vacu-
um came in a 1967 study published by the well-known
Russian physicist Andrei Sakharos: Searching to derive
Einstein's phenomenological equations for general relativiry
from a more fundamental ser of assumptions. Sakharor
came to the conclusion thar the entire panoply of general
relativistic phenomena could be seen as induced effects
brought abour by changes in the quantum-fluctuation ener.
gy of the vacuum due to the presence of matrer. In this vies
the attractive gravitational force is more akin to the induced
Casimir force discussed above, than to the fundamental
inverse square law force berween charged particles with
which it is ofren compared. Although speculative when first
introduced by Sakharor: this hypothesis has led to a rich and
ongoing literature including a contribution of my oun in a
JANUARY
1997
44
1989 Physical Reweu A publication! on quanrum-fluctual-
tion-induced gravity: a literature that continues to yield deep
insight into the role played by vacuum forces.
Given an apparent deep connection berween gravity and
the zero-point fluctuations of the r'acuum, it was only a mat-
ter of time betore a similar connection had to be made
berween these self-same vacuum fluctuations and inertia.
Why? It is an empirical fact that the gravitational and iner.
tial masses have the same valuc, even though the underlying
phenomena are quite disparate. Why: for example, should il
measure of the resistance of a body to being accelerared.
even it far from any gravitational field, have the same value
rhat is associated with the gravitational attraction berween
bodies: Indeed. if' one is determined by vacuum flucrua-
tions, so must the other.
To ger to the heart of inertia, let us consider a specific
example. You are standing on a train in the station. As the
train leares the platform with a jerk. you could be thrown to
the floor. What is this force that knocks you down. seemingly
A D
STRA

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 2201, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
illustration: MASA
coming out of nowhere? This phenomena, which we conve-
niently label inertia and go on about our physics, is a subtle
feature of the universe that has perplexed generations of
physicists from Newton to Einstein. Since in this example the
sudden disquieting imbalance results from acceleration "rela-
rive io the fixed stars," in its most provocative form one could
say thar it was the "stars" that delivered the punch. This key
feature was emphasized by the Austrian philosopher of sci-
enct Ernst Mach, and is now known as Mach's Principle.
Vonetheless, the mechanism by which the stars might do this
deed has eluded convincing explication-until now.
Addressing this issue in a paper entitled "Inertia as a
Zero-Point Field Lorentz Force." published in Physical
Rezieu i in 1994, I and my colleagues Haisch and Rueda
(mentioned earlier) were successful in tracing the problem
of inertia and its connection to Mach's Principle to the ZPF
properties of the vacuum. In a sentence, although a uni-
tormly moving body does not experience a drag torce from
the (Lorentz-invariant) vacuum fluctuations, an accelerated
TO THE STARS
bout meets a resistance forcel proportional to the accolera-
tion. Bracödlerated we mean, of course. accelerated relarive
to the fixed stars. It turns our that an argument can be nucle
that the quantum fluctuations of distant matter structure the
local vacuum-fluctuation frame of reterenco Thus. in the
example of the trun che punch we delored by che wall of
vacuum fluctuations, derme ds a pross for the tread stors.
through which one artempred to accelerate.
Again, what does all this have to do with space travel?
There as expenmental cradence dat racen inctatons can
he altered by technological newes. Terrleads to cheerollerg
that, in princple, gravzational and pertal sasses coll alie
be altered.
The evidence for the alteration of vacuum fluctuarions is
found in the research aren called crei amantuen electrous-
namics IQEDI. There, excired atoms are passed through
Casimir-like cavities whose structure suppresses dectromag.
netic cavity modes at the transition frequency bereen the
arom's excited and ground stares. The result is that the se.
45

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 959, "chars": 6293, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-
called "spontaneous" emission time is lengthened consider-
ably (for example. by factors of ten). simply because sponta-
neous emission is not so spontaneous afrer all, but rather is
driven by racuum fluctuations. Eliminate the modes and
vou eliminate the zero-point tluctuations of the modes.
hence suppressing decar of the excited state. As stated in an
April 1993 Scientific American review article on caviry QED
"An excited arom that would ordinarily emir a low-frequen-
¿y photon cannot do so, because there are no vacuum fluc-
tuations to stimulare its emission..
The Forward Report to the Air Force
Does anyone take seriously the concept that it might be
possible to alter mass, with a view to easing the energy bur-
den of future spaceships: In fact, the implication tor space
travel of our innorative ZPF-based inertia model has attract-
ed the attention of the Advanced Concepts Office of the
Propulsion Direcrorate of the Phillips Laboratory ar
Edwards Air Force Base. This office is charged with initiat-
ing research relerant ro the development of 2lst century
space propulsion. and it is well understond that a funda-
montal understanding of inertia could well contribute to
new concepts in this ared. It was in this context thar Robert
Forward the same Fontard mentioned earlier!), a respected
authority in the area of gravitation theory and measurement.
accepted an assignment to review our concept and program.
He recommended a broad, multi-pronged effort, involving
laboratories from around the world, to investigate our iner-
ria model esperimentally:
After a one-rear investigation Forward tinished his study
and submitted his report to the air force. who published it
under the title Mass Modification Experiment Definition
Smus: The abstract reads in part:
"Many researchers see the vacuum as a central ingredient
of 21st century physics. Some eren believe the racuum
may be harnessed to provide a limitless supply of energy:
This report summarizes an attempt to find an experiment
that would rest the Haisch. Rueda and Purholt (HRPI
conjecture that the mass and inertia of a bods are
induced ettects brought abour by changes in the quan-
tum-fluctuation energy of the r'acuum.... Ir was possible
to find an esperiment that might be able to prove or dis-
prove that the inertial mass of a bods can be altered by
making changes in the vacuum surrounding the body:"
With regard to action irems. Fonvard in fact recommends
i ranked list of nor one bur four experiments to be carried
out ro address the ZPF-inertia concept and its broad impli-
cations, including investigation of the proposed subensmic-
rill energy device mentioned carlier.
Warp Drives and Wormholes
Since l'e are pushing the frontiers, we might as well
address perhaps one of the most speculative, but nonethe-
less scientitically grounded. proposals of all: the Alcubierre
Warp Drive. Taking on the challenge of determining
whether Warp Drive à la Star Trek was a scientific possibili-
ty; general relativity theorist Miguel Alcubierre of the
University of Wales set himself the task of determining
JAN
whether faster-than-light travel was possible within the con-
straints of standard theory. Although this clearly could not
be the case in the tlat space of special relativity, general rela-
riviry permits consideration of altered spacetime metrics
where such a possibility is not a priori ruled our. Alcubierre's
further self-imposed constraints on an acceptable solurion
included the requirements that no ner time distortion should
occur breakfast on Earth. lunch on Alpha Centauri, and
home for dinner with your wife and children, not your
great-great-grear grandchildren). and that the occupants of
the spaceship were not to be flattened against the bulkhead
by unconscionable accelerations.
A solurion meeting all of the above requirements was
found and published by Alcubierre in Classical and Quantun
Gravity' in 1994. The solution discovered by Alcubierre
involved the creation of a local distortion of spacetime such
that spacetime is expanded behind the spaceship, contracted
ahead of it, and yields a hypersurfer like motion faster than
the speed of light as seen by observers ourside the disturbed
region. In essence, on the outgoing leg of its journey the
spaceship is pushed away from Earth and pulled toward its
distant destination by the engineered local expansion of
spacetime itself. (For follor-up on the broader aspects of
"metric engineering" concepts, one can refer to a paper pub-
lished by myself in Physics Essays in 199G.) Interestingly
enough, the engineering requirements rely on the generation
of macroscopic. negative-energy-density, Casimir-like states
in the quantum vacuum of the type discussed earlier.
Unfortunately, meeting such requirements is presentl!'
beyond our technological reach.
Finally: of course. it has been known for some time that
general relativity permits the possibility of wormholes, ropo-
logical tunnels which in principle could connect distant
parts of the universe, a cosmic subway so to speak.
Publishing in the American Journal of Physics in 1988, theo-
rists. Morris and Thorne have outlined the requirements for
traversable wormholes, and have found that, in principle.
the possibiliry exists provided one has access to (yes, you
guessed irl engineerable, Casimir-like, negative-energy-den-
sity quantum vacuum states.
"Magic"
W'here does all this leave us? As we peer with longing
into the heavens from the depth of our gravity well. hoping
for some "magic" solution that will launch our spacetarers
first to the planets and then to the stars, we are reminded of
Arthur C. Clarke's phrase that highly advanced rechnology
is essentially indistinguishable from magic. Fortunately: such
magic appears to be waiting in the wings of our deepening
understanding of the quantum universe in which we live
and it is only a matter of time before such magic will
become the handmaiden of mankind's drive to explore the
beckoning highways and byways of interstellar space. **
Di: Hal Puthoff is Director of the Institute for Adranced
Studies in Austin, TX. He has published papers on electron-
beam derzces, lasers and quantum zero-point-energ! effects
and has putents issued and pending in the laser commenti-
nons and energy fields.
46
A D
ASTRA
