{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T14:35:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 527344, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119333-hal-puthoff-can-the-vacuum-be-engineered-for-spaceflight-applications.pdf", "source_sha256": "bf1a249262af652fb4c7cf51e974dff2ff3877aec3f0054a8abcd5219fa04e4c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2522, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Journal of Scientific Exploration, Vol. 12 No. 1, pp. 295-302, 1998
0892-3310/98
© 1998 Society for Scientific Exploration
Can the Vacuum Be Engineered for Spaceflight Applications?
Overview of Theory and Experiments!
H. E. PUTHOFF
Institute for Advanced Studies at Austin,
only for such ésoteric concerns as small perturbations to atomic emission
processes, it is now known to play a role in large-scale phenomena of interest
to technologists as well, such as the inhibition of spontaneous emission, the
generation of short-range attractive forces (e.g., the Casimir force), and the
possibility of accounting for sonoluminescence phenomena. LE topics of
interest for spaceflight applications range from fundamental issues (where
does inertia come from, can it be controlled?), through laboratory attemptsto
extract useful energy from vacuum fluctuations (can the ZPE be "mined" for
practical use?), to scientifically grounded extrapolations concerning "engi-
neering the vacuum" (is "warp-drive" space propulsion a scientific possibili-
ty?). Recent advances inresearch into the physics of the underlying ZPE indi-
cate the possibility of potential application in all these areas of interest.
Keywords: zero-pointenergy — inertia — gravitation — warp drive
Introduction
The concept "engineering the vacuum" was first introduced by Nobel Lau-
reate T. D. Lee (1988) in his book Particle Physics and Introduction to Field
Theory. (See reference, page 80) As stated in Lee's book: "The experimental
method to alter the properties of the vacuum may be called vacuum engineer-
ing... If indeed we are able to alter the vacuum, then we may encounter some
new phenomena, totally unexpected." Recent experiments have indeed shown
this to be the case.
With regard to space propulsion, the question of engineering the vacuum
can be put succinctly: "Can empty space itself provide the solution?" Surpris-
ingly enough, there are hints that potential help may in fact emerge quite liter-
ally out of the vacuum of so-called "empty space." Quantum theory tells us
that empty space is not truly empty, but rather is the seat of myriad energetic
quantum processes that could have profound implications for future space
travel. To understand these implications it will serve us to review briefly the
historical development of the scientific view of what constitutes empty space.
"This paper was originally presented at the NASA Breakthrough Propulsion Physics Workshop,
NASA Lewis Research Center, Cleveland, OH, August 12-14, 1997.
295

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 458, "chars": 3100, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
296
H. E. Puthoff
At the time of the Greek philosophers, Democritus argued that empty space
was truly a void, otherwise there would not be room for the motion of atoms.
Aristotle, on the other hand, argued equally forcefully that what appeared to
be empty space was in fact a plenum (a background filled with substance), for
did not heat and light travel from place to place as if carried by some kind of
medium?
The argument went back and forth through the centuries until finally codi-
fied by Maxwell's theory of the luminiferous ether, a plenum that carried
electromagnetic waves, including light, much as water carries waves across its
surface. Attempts to measure the properties of this ether, or to measure the
Earth's velocity through the ether (as in the Michelson-Morley experiment),
however, met with failure. With the rise of special relativity which did not re-
quire reference to such an underlying substrate, Einstein in 1905 effectively
banished the ether in lavor of the concept that empty space constitutes a true
void. Ten years later, however, Einstein's own development of the general the-
ory of relativity with its concept of curved space and distorted geometry
forced him to reverse his stand and opt for a richly-endowed plenum, under the
new label spacetime metric.
It was the advent of modern quantum theory, however, that established the
quantum vacuum, so-called empty space, as a very active place, with particles
arising and disappearing, a virtual plasma, and fields continuously fluctuating
about their zero baseline values. The energy associated with such processes is
called zero-point energy (ZPE), reflecting the fact that such activity remains
even at absolute zero.
The Vacuum As A Potential Energy Source
At its most fundamental level, we now recognize that the quantum vacuum
is an enormous reservoir of untapped energy, with energy densities conserva-
tively estimated by Feynman and Hibbs (1965) to be on the order of nuclear
energy densities or greater. Therefore, the question is, can the ZPE be "mined"
for practical use? If so, it would constitute a virtually ubiquitous energy sup-
ply, a veritable "Holy Grail" energy source for space propulsion.
As utopian as such a possibility may seem, physicist Robert Forward
(1984) at Hughes Research Laboratories demonstrated proof-of-principle in a
paper, "Extracting Electrical Energy from the Vacuum by Cohesion of
Charged Foliated Conductors." Forward's approach exploited a phenomenon
called the Casimir Effect, an attractive quantum force between closely-spaced
metal plates, named forits discoverer, H. G. B. Casimir (1948) of Philips Lab-
oratories in the Netherlands. The Casimir force, recently measured with high
accuracy by S. K. Lamoreaux (1997) at the University of Washington, derives
from partial shielding of the interior region of the plates from the background
zero-point fluctuations of the vacuum electromagnetic field. As shown by Los
Alamos theorists Milonni et al. (1988), this shielding results in the plates
being pushed together by the unbalanced ZPE radiation pressures. The result

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 471, "chars": 3259, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Can the Vacuum be Engineered for Spaceflight Applications?
297
is a corollary conversion of vacuum energy to some other form such as heat.
Proof that such a process violates neither energy nor thermodynamic con-
straints can be found in a paper by a colleague and myself (Cole & Puthoff)
under the title "Extracting Energy and Heat from the Vacuum."
Attempts to harness the Casimir and related effects for vacuum energy con-
version are ongoing in our laboratory and elsewhere. The fact that its potential
application to space propulsion has not gone unnoticed by the Air Force can be
seen in its request for proposals for the FY-1986 Defense SBIR Program.
Under entry AF86-77, Air Force Rocket Propulsion Laboratory (AFRPL),
Topic: Non-Conventional Propulsion Concepts we find the statement: "Bold,
new non-conventional propulsion concepts are solicited.... The specific areas
in which AFRPL is interested include... (6) Esoteric energy sources for
propulsion including the zero point quantum dynamic energy of vacuum
space."
Several experimental formats for tapping the ZPE for practical use are under
investigation in our laboratory. An early one of interest is based on the idea of a
Casimir pinch effect in non-neutral plasmas, basically a plasma equivalent of
Forward's electromechanical charged-plate collapse (Puthoff, 1990). The un-
derlying physics is described in a paper submitted for publication by myself
and a colleague (Puthoff & Piestrup, 1997), and it is illustrative that the first of
several patents issued to a consultant to our laboratory, K. R. Shoulders
(1991), contains the descriptive phrase "
..energy is provided... and the ulti-
mate source of this energy appears to be the zero-point radiation of the vacu-
um continuum."
Another intriguing possibility is provided by the phenomenon of sonolumi-
nescence, bubble collapse in an ultrasonically-driven fluid which is accompa-
nied by intense, sub-nanosecond light radiation. Although the jury is still out
as to the mechanism of light generation, Nobelist Julian Schwinger (1993) has
argued fora Casimir interpretation. Possibly related experimental evidence for
excess heat generation in ultrasonically-driven cavitation in heavy water is
claimed in an EPRI Report (George & Stringham, 1996) by E-Quest Sciences,
although attributed to a nuclear micro-fusion process. Work is under way in
our laboratory to see if this claim can be replicated.
Yet another proposal for ZPE extraction is described in a recent patent
(Mead & Nachamkin, 1996). The approach proposes the use of resonant di-
electric spheres, slightly detuned from each other, to provide a beat-frequency
downshift of the more energetic high-frequency components of the ZPE to a
more easily captured form. We are discussing the possibility of a collaborative
effort between us to determine whether such an approach is feasible.
Finally, an approach utilizing micro-cavity techniques to perturb the ground
state stability of atomic hydrogen is under consideration in our lab. It is based
on a paper of mine (Puthoff, 1987) in which I put forth the hypothesis that the
nonradiative nature of the ground state is due to a dynamic equilibrium in
which radiation emitted due to accelerated electron ground state motion is

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 471, "chars": 3182, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
298
H.E.Puthoff
compensated by absorption from the ZPE. If this hypothesis is true, there ex-
ists the potential for energy generation by the application of the techniques of
so-called cavity quantum electrodynamics (QED). In cavity QED, excited
atoms are passed through Casimir-like cavities whose structure suppresses
electromagnetic cavity modes at the transition frequency between the atom's
excited and ground states. The result is that the so-called "spontaneous" emis-
sion time is lengthened considerably (for example, by factors of ten), simply
because spontaneous emission is not so spontaneous after all, but rather is dri-
ven by vacuum fluctuations. Eliminate the modes, and you eliminate the zero-
point fluctuations of the modes, hence suppressing decay of the excited state.
As stated in a review article on cavity QED in Scientific American (Haroche &
Raimond, 1993), "An excited atom that would ordinarily emit a low-frequen-
cy photon cannot do so, because there are no vacuum fluctuations to stimulate
its emission..." In its application to energy generation, mode suppression
would be used to perturb the hypothesized dynamic ground-state
absorption/emission balance to lead to energy release (patent pending).
An example in which Nature herself may have taken advantage of energetic
vacuum effects is discussed in a model published by ZPE colleagues A. Rueda
of California State University at Long Beach, B. Haisch of Lockheed-Martin,
and D. Cole of IBM (1995). In a paper published in the Astrophysical Journal,
they propose that the vast reaches of outer space constitute an ideal environ-
ment for ZPE acceleration of nuclei and thus provide a mechanism for"power-
ing up" cosmic rays. Details of the model would appear to account for other
observed phenomena as well, such as the formation of cosmic voids. This
raises the possibility of utilizing a "sub-cosmic-ray" approach to accelerate
protons in a cryogenically-cooled, collision-free vacuum trap and thus extract
energy from the vacuum fluctuations by this mechanism.
The Vacuum as the Source of Gravity and Inertia
What of the fundamental forces of gravity and inertia that we seek to over-
come in space travel? We have phenomenological theories that describe their
effects (Newton's Laws and their relativistic generalizations), but what of
their origins?
The first hint that these phenomena might themselves be traceable to roots
in the underlying fluctuations of the vacuum came in a study published by the
well-known Russian physicist Andrei Sakharov (1968). Searching to derive
Einstein's phenomenological equations for general relativity from a more fun-
damental set of assumptions, Sakharov came to the conclusion that the entire
panoply of general relativistic phenomena could be seen as induced effects
brought about by changes in the quantum-fluctuation energy of the vacuum
due to the presence of matter. In this view the attractive gravitational force is
more akin to the induced Casimir force discussed above, than to the fundamen-
tal inverse square law Coulomb force between charged particles with which it
is often compared. Although speculative when first introduced by Sakharov,

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 496, "chars": 3211, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Can the Vacuum be Engineered for Spaceflight Applications?
299
this hypothesis has led to a rich and ongoing literature, including contributions
of my own (Puthoff, 1989, 1993) on quantum-fluctuation-induced gravity, a
literature that continues to yield deep insight into the role played by vacuum
forces.
Given an apparent deep connection between gravity and the zero-point fluc-
tuations of the vacuum, a similar connection must exist between these self-
same vacuum fluctuations and inertia. This is because it is an empirical fact
that the gravitational and inertial masses have the same value, even though the
underlying phenomena are quite disparate. Why, for example, should a mea-
sure of the resistance of a body to being accelerated, even if far from any grav-
itational field, have the same value that is associated with the gravitational
attraction between bodies? Indeed, if one is determined by vacuum fluctua-
tions, so must the other.
To get to the heart of inertia, consider a specific example in which you are
standing on a train in the station. As the train leaves the platform with a jolt,
you could be thrown to the floor. What is this force that knocks you down,
seemingly coming out of nowhere? This phenomenon, which we conveniently
label inertia and go on about our physics, is a subtle feature of the universe that
has perplexed generations of physicists from Newton to Einstein. Since in this
example the sudden disquieting imbalance results from acceleration "relative
to the fixed stars," in its most provocative form one could say that it was the
"stars" that delivered the punch. This key feature was emphasized by the Aus-
trian philosopher of science Ernst Mach, and is now known as Mach's Princi-
ple. Nonetheless, the mechanism by which the stars might do this deed has
eluded convincing explication.
Addressing this issue in a paper entitled "Inertia as a Zero-Point Field
Lorentz Force," my colleagues and I (Haisch, Rueda & Puthoff, 1994) were
successful in tracing the problem of inertia and its connection to Mach's Prin-
ciple to the ZE properties of the vacuum. In a sentence, although a uniformly
moving body does not experience a drag force from the (Lorentz-invariant)
vacuum fluctuations, an accelerated body meets a resistance (force) propor-
tional to the acceleration. By accelerated we mean, of course, accelerated rela-
tive to the fixed stars. It turns out that an argument can be made that the quan-
tum fluctuations of distant matter structure the local vacuum-fluctuation frame
of reference (Puthoff, 1989, 1991). Thus, in the example of the train the punch
was delivered by the wall of vacuum fluctuations acting as a proxy for the
fixed stars through which one attempted to accelerate.
The implication for space travel is this: Given the evidence generated in the
field of cavity QED (discussed above), there is experimental evidence that vac-
uum fluctuations can be altered by technological means. This leads to the
corollary that, in principle, gravitational and inertial masses can also be al-
tered.
The possibility of altering mass with a view to easing the energy burden of
future spaceships has been seriously considered by the Advanced Concepts

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 3053, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
300
H. E. Puthoff
Office of the Propulsion Directorate of the Phillips Laboratory at Edwards Air
Force Base. Gravity researcher Robert Forward accepted an assignment to re-
view this concept. His deliverable product was to recommend a broad, multi-
pronged effort involving laboratories from around the world to investigate the
inertia model experimentally.
After a one-year investigation, Forward (1996) finished his study and sub-
mitted his report to the Air Force, who published it under the title Mass Modi-
fication Experiment Definition Study. The Abstract reads in part:
.... Many researchers see the vacuum as a central ingredient of 21st-Century physics.
Some even believe the vacuum may be harnessed to provide a limitless supply of ener-
gy. This report summarizes an attempt to find an experiment that would test the Haisch,
Rueda and Puthoff(HRP) conjecturethat the mass and inertia of a bodyare induced ef-
fects brought about by changes in the quantum-fluctuation energy of the vacuum.... It
was possible to find an experiment that might be able to prove or disprove that the iner-
tial mass of a body can be altered by making changes in the vacuum surrounding the
body.
With regard to action items, Forward in fact recommends a ranked list of not
one but four experiments to be carried out to address the ZPE-inertia concept
and its broad implications. The recommendations included investigation of
the proposed "sub-cosmic-ray energy device" mentioned earlier, and the in-
vestigation of an hypothesized "inertia-wind" effect proposed by our laborato-
ry and possibly detected in early experimental work (Forward & Miller, 1967),
though the latter possibility is highly speculative at this point.
Engineering the Vacuum For "Warp Drive"
Perhaps one of the most speculative, but nonetheless scientifically-ground-
ed, proposals of all is the so-called Alcubierre Warp Drive (Alcubierre, 1994).
Taking on the challenge of determining whether Warp Drive a là Star Trek was
a scientitic possibility, general relativity theorist Miguel Alcubierre of the
University of Wales set himself the task of determining whether faster-than-
light travel was possible within the constraints of standard theory. Although
such clearly could not be the case in the flat space of special relativity, general
relativity permits consideration of altered spacetime metrics where such a pos-
sibility is not a priori ruled out. Alcubierre's further self-imposed constraints
on an acceptable solution included the requirements that no net time distortion
should occur (breakfast on Earth, lunch on Alpha Centauri, and home for din-
ner with your wife and children, not your great-great-great grandchildren), and
that the occupants of the spaceship were not to be flattened against the bulk-
head by unconscionable accelerations.
A solution meeting all of the above requirements was found and published
by Alcubierre in Classical and Quantum Gravity in 1994. The solution discov-
ered by Alcubierre involved the creation of a local distortion of spacetime such

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 471, "chars": 3168, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Can the Vacuum be Engineered for Spaceflight Applications?
301
that spacetime is expanded behind the spaceship, contracted ahead of it, and
yields a hypersurfer-like motion faster than the speed of light as seen by ob-
servers outside the disturbed region. In essence, on the outgoing leg of its jour-
ney the spaceship is pushed away from Earth and pulled towards its distant
destination by the engineered local expansion of spacetime itself. For follow-
up on the broader aspects of "metric engineering" concepts, one can refer to a
paper published by myself in Physics Essays (Puthoff, 1996). Interestingly
enough, the engineering requirements rely on the generation of macroscopic,
negative-energy-density, Casimir-like states in the quantum vacuum of the
type discussed earlier. Unfortunately, meeting such requirements is beyond
technological reach without some unforeseen breakthrough (Pfenning & Ford,
1997).
Related, of course, is the knowledge that general relativity permits the pos-
sibility of wormholes, topological tunnels which in principle could connect
distant parts of the universe, a cosmic subway so to speak. Publishing in the
American Journal of Physics, theorists Morris and Thorne (1988) initially out-
lined in some detail the requirements for traversible wormholes and have
found that, in principle, the possibility exists provided one has access to
Casimir-like, negative-energy-density quantum vacuum states. This has led to
a rich literature, summarized recently in a book by Matt Visser (1996) of
Washington University, St. Louis. Again, the technological requirements ap-
pear out of reach for the foreseeable future, perhaps awaiting new techniques
for cohering the ZPE vacuum fluctuations in order to meet the energy-density
requirements.
Conclusions
We began this discussion with the question: "Can the vacuum be engineered
for spaceflight applications?" The answer is: "In principle, yes." However, en-
gineering-wise it is clear that there is a long way to go. Given the cliché "a
journey of 1000 miles begins with the first steps," it is also clear that we can
take those first steps now in the laboratory. Given that Casimir and related ef-
fects indicate the possibility of tapping the enormous residual energy in the
vacuum-fluctuation ZPE, and the demonstration in cavity QED that portions
of the ZPE spectrum can be manipulated to produce macroscopic technologi-
cal effects such as the inhibition of spontaneous emission of excited states in
quantum systems, it would appear that the first steps along this path are visi-
ble. This, combined with newly-emerging concepts of the relationship of grav-
ity, inertia and warp drive to properties of the vacuum as a manipulable medi-
um, indicate yet further reaches of possible technological development,
although requiring yet unforeseen breakthroughs with regard to the possibility
of engineering vacuum fluctuations to produce desired results.
Where does this leave us? As we peer into the heavens from the depth of our
gravity well, hoping for some "magic" solution that will launch our spacefar-
ers first to the planets and then to the stars, we are reminded of Arthur C.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 3390, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- ....
..
302
H. E.Puthoff
Clarke's phrase that highly-advanced technology is essentially indistinguish-
able from magic. Fortunately, such magic appears to be waiting in the wings of
our deepening understanding of the quantum vacuum in which welive.
References
Alcubierre, M. (1994). The warp drive: Hyper-fast travel within general relativity. Class. Quant.
Grav., 11, L73.
Casimir, H.G.B. (1948). On the attraction between two perfectly conducting plates. Proc. Kon.
Ned. Akad. van Weten., 51, 7, 793.
Cole, D.C., and Puthoff, H.E. (1993). Extracting energy and heat from the vacuum.
Feynman, R.P., and Hibbs, A.R. (1965). Quantum Mechanics and Path Integrals. New York: Mc-
Graw-Hill.
Forward, R.L. (1984). Extracting electrical energy from the vacuum by cohesion of charged foliat-
ed conductors.
Forward, R.L. (1996). Mass modification experiment definition study.
Forward, R.L., and Miller, L.R. (1967). Generation and detection of dynamic gravitational-gradi-
ent fields.
George, D.R., and Stringham, R.S. (1996). Technical report on the demonstration of new technol-
ogy producing heat and nuclear products via cavitation induced micro-fusion in the E-Quest
Sciences Mark IT research device. EPRI Project Final Report, Work Order #3170-28, Califor-
nia: Palo Alto, May.
Haisch, B., Rueda, A., and Puthoff, H.E. (1994). Inertia as a zero point field Lorentz force.
Haroche, S, and Raimond, J.-M. (1993). Cavity quantum electrodynamics. Sci. Am., April, 54.
Lamoreaux, S.K. (1997). Demonstration of the Casimir force in the 0.6 to 6 mm range.
Lee, T.D. (1988). Particle Physics and Introduction to Field Theory. London: Harwood Acad.
Mead, JT., F.B., and Nachamkin, J. (1996). System for converting electromagnetic radiation ener-
gy to electrical energy. U.S. Patent No. 5,590,031, issued Dec. 31.
Milonni, P.W., Cook, R.J., and Goggin, M.E. (1988). Radiation pressure from the vacuum: Physi-
cal interpretation of the Casimir force.
Morns, M., and Thorne, K.S. (1988). Wormholes in spacetime and their use for interstellar travel:
A tool forteaching general relativity.
Pfenning, M.J., and Ford, L.H. (1997). The unphysical nature of warp drive' subm. to Class.
Quant, Gray.
Puthoff, HE. (1987). Ground state of hydrogen as a zero-point-fluctuation-determined state.
ruthoit, H. E. (1989, 1991). Source of vacuum electromagnetic zero-point energy. Phys. Rev. A,
40, 9, 4857; 44, 5, 3385
Puthoti, H.E. (1989, 1993). Gravity as a zero-point-fluctuation force. Phys. Rev. A, 39, 5, 2333;
47,4,3454.
Puthoff, H.E. (1990). The energetic vacuum: Implications for energy research. Spec. in Sci. and
Tech., 13, 4, 247.
Puthoff, H.E. (1996). SETI, the velocity-of-light limitation, and the Alcubierre warp drive: An in-
tegrating overview.
Puthoff, H.E., and Piestrup, M.A. (1997). On the possibility of charge confinement by van der
Waals/Casimir-type forces. Subm. to Phys. Lett. A.
Rueda, A., Haisch, B. and Cole, D.C. (1995). Vacuum zero-point field pressure instability in as-
trophysical plasmas and the formation of cosmic voids.
Sakharov, A. (1968). Vacuum quantum fluctuations in curved space and the theory of gravitation.
Sov. Phys.-Dokl., 12, 11, 1040.
Schwinger, J. (1993). Casimir light: Thesource.
Shoulders, K.R. (1991). Energy conversion using high charge density. U.S. Patent No. 5,018,180,
issued May 21.
Visser, M. (1996). Lorentzian Wormholes. Woodbury, NY: AIP Press.
