{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:32:45Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 913584, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119353-cold-fusion-times-spring-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "f477cb869bce088f7567d022a4a35c70e95bdbd82334ba560cce335e83738e07"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 644, "chars": 4658, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
News and Developments from Arkansas, California, Washington, D.C., Illinols, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Mexico,
IN THIS ISSUE New York, Rhode Island, Texas, Utah, China, England, Franco, India, Japan, Netherlands, Russia, Sri Lanka, United Kingdom
ABC-TV COVERAGE OF CF ........ 1, 4, 6, 8
COLD FUSION PROGRESS
.2,7
HELIUM
... 5
BOSE CONDENSATES ...........
... 1, 5, 7, 10
COLD FUSION THEORIES.
6
MATERIALS CORNER
... 7
COLD FUSION POLITICS.
.... 1,5
COLD FUSION CETI ANALYSIS .. 3, 4,6,7, 8, 9
TECHNOLOGY .....
4,7
COLD FUSION UPDATES.
2,4,9
COLD FUSION EVENTS ...
COLD FUSION BUSINESS
3,4
FOR THE WORLD …....
1,4
TOWARD THE FUTURE
....... 2
... 2, 3, 8
WHAT'S HAPPENIN'.....
1... 9
Volume 4 Number 2
SPRING 1996
ISSN#1072-2874
COLD FUSION TIMES
ABC-TV REPORTS ON CF DEVICE
Gayle Verner
BOSE-EINSTEIN CONDENSATES
AND COLD FUSION
Mitchell Swartz
NEW YORK -- Readers will remember that in 1989, scientists Stanley
Pons and Martin Fleischmann announced to the world that they discov-
ered this new, self-sustaining, miracle dubbed "cold fusion". (Fusing hy-
bad or a sa, bi am as chitin to many
may have incorrectly impugned the pair because the scientific process at
that time was too difficult to reproduce. A number of other scientists
persevered and were able to reproduce the excess heat. Slowly the pen-
dulum reversed and the public saw occasional newpaper stories, pro and
con, about the CF phenomena.
Lasers provide coherent light. Bose-Einstein
condensates (BEC) provide coherent matter -- a
"matter laser". Conventional materials are made
up of fermions which repel each other, by the
Pauli exclusion principle which forbids simulta-
neously similar quantum numbers. Bosons - in
contrast -- have an attraction and similar energies
and properties. They become a "superatom" and
behave as if the entire cluster are in a single quan-
tum mechanical state. Examples of bosons in-
clude photons and phonons.
These remarkable
Now seven years later, in February '96, ABC-TV's Good Morning
America featured a segment on the "Patterson device" that is said to get
excess heat up to kilowatt levels. (continued page 3; discussions on pages 4, 6, 8)
condensates, named "Molecule of the Year -1995"
(back cover), have figured in several theories in-
volving cold fusion and other unusual material
science.
Bosons have another unusual property. In
POLITICAL INTEREST IN
1925, Albert Einstein extended the work of Saten-
dra Nath Bose and proposed that a theoretical gas
HELIUM HEATS UP
of bosons would "condense" into a zero-kinetic
Cold fusion enables the harvesting of hydrogen contained in ordi-
state under certain conditions.
(continued page 7)
nary water to produce phenomenal quantities of energy. The most im-
portant aspect of cold fusion, other than direct energy production from
matter, is the negligible pollution. What occurs is the generation of
completely safe, and desirable, helium (He'). The absence of pollutants
which can alter the Earth's greenhouse effect or produce or alter the
mainstream environmental setpoints makes this revolutionary energy -
production process important. Helium is much more than just a lighter-
than-air gas filler for party balloons.
As recently reported by Corey S. Powell in Scientific American,
helium is used for a wide array of scientific and engineering purposes,
including cryogenics and superconductivity, and for unexpected uses as
even are welding. Powell, along with the American Physical Society,
has considered both strategic and political aspects of this matter.
(a)
(b)
Images showing a Bose-Einstein condensate
Clusters of lithium atoms (Li) before (a) and after (b)
condensation. The spatial scale is 250 microns along cach axis.
[a: 120,000 atoms at 590 nK (590 billionths of a degree above absolute
zero), b: 20,000 atoms at 100 nK] -> More on pages 2 and 5.
"It is also one of the earth's most limited resources, found in usable con-
centrations in just a handful of natural gas wells in the U.S. and Canada. Con-
gress and the Clinton administration are acting to squander, rather than
conserve, the helium supply, leading the American Physical Society to issue a
warning against their "economically and technologically shortsighted" policies.
Helium forms underground from alpha particles essentially the nuclei of helium
atoms-emitted by radioactive elements in the earth' s interior. (cont. page 5)
All Rights Reserved.
C
No part of this publication may
be reproduced, stored in an electronic or retrieval system,
transmitted, copied in any form or by any means including
electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, or storage with-
out the prior permission of the COLD FUSION TIMES.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 717, "chars": 4851, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOWARD THE FUTURE
[Ed. This excerpt concludes comments
Use of deuterium instead of hydrogen
from Dr. Storms.
The COLD FUSION produces similar powers while the system is
TIMES continues to support Dr. Storms' solid said to turn on more quickly. Neutron emis-
reporting of scientific breakthroughs, which sup- sion was detected using a 'He counter and
plement the material and information previously
presented in the COLD FUSION TIMES. ]
gold activation. A steady background is
seen with bursts when the conditions are
changed. He claims an average flux of 600
CURRENT STATE OF
COLD FUSION -- 1996
Edmund Storms
neutrons/sec over a 3 week period. Clearly,
a significant neutron flux is produced.
Gamma emissions at 2.7 MeV, as well as
several other energies, are seen.
Clear evidence for charged particle emis-
• The EUROPEAN UNION, after much sion having a range in air of @10 cm was
study, has decided to issue the P-F patent. seen when the Ni rod was placed in a cloud
We all hope this will provide the push need- chamber. Large amounts of He' were de-
ad by the U,S. patent office to do what is in- tected but the measurements were not done
creasingly obvious. It not, they will be well. The results have been reproduced in
taken to court for failing to follow case law. Italy using a nickel rod supplied by Piantel-
The situation has left the state-of- reason- li. Unfortunately, he has not revealed the
able
caution
and has entered the required pretreatment. His work is being
state-of-scandal.
funded by FIAT.
L The energy producing method discov- D Hideo Ikegami announced at the ASTI
ered by Piantelli has been patented in Italy. meeting that MITI has increased support
He described his work at the ASTI meeting. for CF from $30M/4year to $100M/Year.
A summary follows: The described cell contains Work in Japan has demonstrated the reality
a nickel rod surrounded along its length by a of CF and is now being directed toward a
freestanding, single-layer coil of platinum wire.
commercial product.
This is contained in a Pyrex tube into which hy-
drogen is introduced. The Pyrex assembly is
(continued page 3)
contained in a metal envelope which is air-
cooled.
Thermocouples are located on the Ni
rod, outside of the glass tube, and outside of the
metal envelope. A current is passed through the
Pt coil to heat the Ni, to calibrate the measured
temperature with respect to power, and to pro-
vide a magnetic field. He claims this field is
2400 gauss but the value seems high.
The sys-
tem is heated to 700K, hydrogen is introduced at
0.2 atm, and the system is excited by various
methods. These methods include changes in pres-
sure or temperature.
The magnitude of excess
power is determined by noting the change in
temperature measured at each thermocouple.
The temperature change is in the range of 8-10
degrees. Claims were made for several observa-
tions. One claimed 29 W applied power result-
ing in 68 W excess for 218 days (1280 MJ) and
the other claimed 20 W excess giving 590 MJ.
American Cold Fusion Engineering and Supply
introduces
Fullerene Fusion opening
new horizons for Cold Fusion.
C6o loaded with desterons and imploded
Creales a magnetoele cinodynamic plesma vortex.
Direct conversion-fusion 1o electriciry.
Investors, collaborators and experimenters explore
the theory, apparatus and thinking that is the
genesis of this new technology. Order your manual,
"Warm Fusion Electrodynamic Generator,"
Today!
Only $100.00
Signed Proprietary Materials Agreement required before delivery.
Call or Write for delivery delails
P.O. Bax 191394, Sacramento, CA 95819-1394
1-800-713-9345
E-Mail: couhvzr@sol.com
Satisfaction Guaranteed
Photo Credits >>>>>
Cover
Page:
Bose-Einstein Back Cover; Quantum portrait.
condensate after C.C. Bradiey, Supercool
Bose-condensed
es aliz, description on page 5
atoms peak near zero velocity.
Page 4: Mr. Patterson (Infinile [M. R. Matthews]
Energy Magazine);
Cold Fusion Times LOGO -
Page 3 & 9: CET/S Beads Palladium must be fully filled
(pedigree unknown)
courtesy with deuterons to generate the
of John Logajan; SEM from reactions.
Scott Litille
FLEA MARKET AT MIT
Third Sunday, April thru October 1996
Cambridge MA
or info contact WIGS
O Box 397082 MIT Branc
Cambridge MA 02139
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The Scientific Aspects Of
Loading Isotopic Fuels Into Materials
Volume 4 Number 2 - Spring 1996
ISSN# 1072-2874 published quarterly ®1996 JET Technology
Cold Fusion Times' Web Home Page: http://world.std.com/~mica/cft.html
P.O. Box 81135 Wellesley Hills, MA USA 02181
Publisher and Editor: Mitchell Swartz
Associate Editor: Gayle Verner
Technical and Photographic Contributors and Consultants:
Stephen Baer, Richard Goldbaum, John Voci, Jayne Yaffe
Annual subscription rate $120.00 Single issues $40.00. Postage and handling charge of $5.00 per order outside of the United States.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 542, "chars": 3670, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CURRENT STATE
OF COLD FUSION
(Continued from page 2)
Therefore, detailed information is no longer
forthcoming.
2 For the second time, FIAT arranged for
energy-active-state is being discovered and
will be published soon
It's ironic that
LANL will not support CF work ever
though it can now be done successfully in
ones home.
5 Work on CF is continuing in Russia in
spite of their other problems.
Excess ener-
gy using cavitation is getting a lot of atten-
tion and has resulted in a minor industry
there.
I The attitude of a skeptic is becoming
more and more difficult to support withou
looking like a complete fool. Events are гар
idly unfolding that will overwhelm such atti-
tudes and will embarrass those who did not
recognize the obvious in time. The field is
gradually finding ways to go around the
blocks to information exchange created by
conventional scientific Journals and is find-
ing support from commercial source.
OF GREAT INTEREST
TO OUR READERS
SEE FOR THE WORLD (PAGE 8)
COLD FUSION TIMES
The dear / Of The Schest doorste 01
Landry dostopic Frosts Into Memorati
INVA 1079-1774
putated quarterty o
3
FIAT arranged for a news conference to an-
nounce their support for the field. At least
for the fely is not shy abour their support
D I have finally constructed a calorimeter
and have used it to demonstrate excess ener-
gy. The sample used had the optimum prop-
erties based on a pretest of 19 samples.
Detailed information about the nature of the
ABC-TV REPORTS
(continued from page 1)
As reported in previous issues of the
COLD FUSION TIMES, Prof. James
Patterson, 71, invented the new cold fu-
sion cell, has a US patent on it, and has
made claims of its efficacy that appar-
ently has attracted big time financial
corporate giants such as Motorola. The
idea, presented to the TV audience,
came across as a nice neat package that
ultimately will replace our oil burners,
gas-powered cars and other fossil fuel
driven items with low cost, safe, high
energy, derived from water.
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
FUSION FACTS
PO Box 58639
SALT LAKE CITY, UT
84158
"COLD FUSION"
70 Route 202N
Peterborough NH 03458
INFINITE ENERGY
PO Box 2816
Concord, NH 00302
Although many TV viewers were
"amazed" by the cold fusion potential,
what the Patterson segment did not
show was the proverbial "holes" poten-
tially associated with it. Some scientists
say, that the measurements that Patter-
son has taken may be inflated, not pro-
perly gathered, or misinterpreted. As
many know, a small controversy has
erupted between true believers and
skeptics of the Patterson device, and
even among those that admit the cold
fusion phenomena are real. While the
publicity continues to generate, so does
better scientific debate.
FUTURE TECHNOLOGY
INTELLIGENCE REPORT
PO Box 423652
Cold Fusion Technology
San Francisco, CA 94142
Concord. #IN 03302-2815
Phone. 403.220-1516
Fax 003-221-5975
FUTURE TRENDS
Minnesota CF Alliance
365 Summit Ave.
St. Paul, MN 55102
ATLANTIS
RISING
UNTAPPED
FUTURE SCIENCE
1(800) 228-8181
TECHNOLOGY
IN REVIEW
PO Box 5185
FUTURE TREHOS
Mesa, AZ 85211
ELECTRIFYING TIMES
63600 Deschutes Rd Bend,
OR 97701
(503) 388-1908
FAX (360) 693-4408
Untappe
MCDANIEL REPORT
1055 West College Ave.
#273 Santa Rosa,
CA 95401
THE MARS
MISSION
122 Dodd St.
Weehawken NJ 07087
CHRISTA
CORRIGAN
MCAULIFFE CENTER
100 State Street
Framingham, MA 01701
Beads purportediy similar to CETTs showing heterogeneity, cracking, and degradation. Clear
beads have been added in which are reportedly used for spacing. Pedigree unknown, origin
anonymous, courtesy of John Logajan (Review of periormance & function available COLD FUSION TIMES v4 nt]

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1008, "chars": 6055, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ABC's Coverage of the CETI Device
Transeript of ABC's GMAmerica program
[Ed. On February 7, 1996, ABC distinguished itself by probing into ad-
vances in cold fusion. COLD FUSION TIMES continues its cover-
age of the ABC discussion of the CETI demo here. The broadcast was
reported by ABC Science editor Michael Guillen [Washington]; the tran-
scripts are courtesy of Jed Rothwell and John Logajan]
Guillen: Thanks, Charlie. It is a device that its inventor says pro-
duces a hundred times more energy than it consumes. Now let me say
right off the bat that lots of ideas come across my desk, that claim to
be the energy source of the future, but this one is different. For one
thing, the inventor has a distinguished track record. Second, the in-
vention itself has been issued a patent by the US Patent Office. Fur-
thermore, and this is key, independent scientists now claim to have
reproduced the results, and major corporations like Motorola are tak-
ing a serious interest in it. So, is this potentially the greatest discov-
ery since electricity? Since fire? Good question! Have a look.
James Reding, President, Clean Energy Technologies Inc: We
have been able to reliably demonstrate a device that produces a thou-
sand times more energy out than you put into it.
Prof. George Miley,
University of Illinois:
What could it do as far as an electric
power plant or a water heater in your
home? There are so many applications
Dr. C. Quinton Bowles, University of
Missouri: It would be a true source of
power for use by the general public.
4
Guillen: Talk about alchemy! In creating his new energy device, Pat-
terson took his regular beads, and coated them with thin layers of
copper, nickel and palladium; a metal sandwich Patterson claims
works like magic.
Patterson: This is the guts of it, this is creating heat.
Guillen: So this is water that you have flowing through it. [Feels out-
let tube.] Oh, it is hot. Pretty warm! Yeah. And so how much energy
is this little cell putting out, compared to what it's consuming?
James Patterson, CETI:
One watt. It's consuming only one
watt, and it's putting out two hundred
watts.
Guillen: You know this sounds too
good to be true?
Patterson: [Laughs] Well, it may
sound too good to be true, but if you'll
only look, the scientific evidence is
here. I mean, you're looking at it. I
mean, you can't disavow what you're
looking at.
Charlie: Michael, alright, we're looking at it, but how's it working?
Guillen: Well, you know, even for a scientist like myseli, you can't
just tell by looking or even touching it. That's where the other scien-
tists come in, at the University of Missouri, the University of Illinois,
and at Motorola. They have tested dozens of these devices, they say
they can't get it not to work. Every time you plug it in, the doggone
thing just produces all this excess heat.
Charlie: But what's going on, scientifically?
Guillen: Weil, that's the big mystery. It's either, you know, an ordi-
пагу chemical reaction that's not behaving the way we expect it to, or
some kind of a nuclear reaction. But there is no radioactivity that's
evident from this thing so it doesn't appear to be a nuclear reaction.
It's neither one nor the other, so it really is just a genuine mystery
Guillen: It is hard to believe, but here is what is causing all the
commotion. It doesn't look like much - some wires, some salt water,
and at the core of it: this container of tiny beads. But these are no or-
dinary beads, and the man who invented them is no ordinary person.
Charlie: Michael, what you are telling me is you have a scientific
experiment that is producing a certain result and you have no idea
how it's producing it.
Guillen: Yeah, but that's not unusual. I mean, very often times you
James Patterson, CETI: I started making beads back in 1953.
run across something in the laboratory and you go 'wow! Look what
it's doing' long before you understand why it's doing that.
Guillen: 74-year-old James Patterson looks about as homespun as his
Charlie: This sounds like the cold fusion debate again.
device, working out of a large garage in Sarasota, Florida, with more
Guillen: Yeah. Remember the University of Utah, the whole cold fu-
than a hundred patents to his credit. Patterson had always planned on
sion thing? Superficially this looks like cold fusion, in the sense that
being a chemistry professor but in 1951, while working for his PhD
you have electricity passing through an electrode that is emersed in
at Berkeley, Dow Chemical made him an offer he couldn't refuse.
salt water. But there are essential technical differences. First of all the
Patterson: Dow hired me before I graduated, got my degree. And
beads make this cell absolutely unique. That wasn't like the original
they paid me more than what I was going to get after 1 got my degree.
cold fusion device. The other thing is that the original cold fusion de-
So...
vice used heavy water, this uses ordinary water. So, it remains to be
Guillen: It was during his years with Dow that Patterson invented a
seen whether this is just a variation of the old cold fusion experiment
recipe for making tiny beads, beads so perfectly round that few peo- or whether this is genuinely a new phenomena.
ple in the world can duplicate them.
(continued page 8)
Patterson: If I have a claim to tame, [laughs] I'm a good cook for
little beads. Well, this is my storage area, and - it's almost like a li-
brary of what l've done.
Guillen: Over the years, Patterson's beads have been used in many
different ways: in water purifiers, cosmetics, even as the "talcum pow-
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The Scientific Aspects
Of Loading Isolopic Fuels Into Materials
COLD FUSION TIMES
The tomored Cy Ther Scheme he doperase Of
ISSYe 1071-217*
paddicted quartarty o
der' inside surgical gloves.
Patterson: I'm better than a millionaire.
Guillen: Just because of the money you got from...
Cold Fusion Times" Web Home Page:
http://world.std.com/~mica/cft.html
Patterson: ... little beads! |laughs 1 have converted alchemy ...
little beads into gold!

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1001, "chars": 6798, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Titian f
MATERIALS CORNER
This issue: BOSE CONDENSATES
"MOLECULE OF THE YEAR"
(cont. from page 10)
experimentalists are rushing to create and explore this new phase,
while theorists calculate its properties. Physicists are already angling
to apply the new knowledge, hoping to capitalize on the condensate's
unique aspects to create a laser that shoots beams of atoms instead of
light. Understanding the laws that govern matter in this cold, co-
herent state may help physicists understand the mysteries of super-
conductivity and perhaps even the early universe. Physicists have
glimpsed Bose-Einstein condensation before, but never in a system
where they could study all its properties. For example, pairs of elec-
trons and electron holes, known as excitons, have been observed to
form condensates in semiconductors, but these last only a few mil-
lionths of a second. In ultracold liquid helium, up to 10% of the
atoms are thought to be Bose-condensed, and this is intimately
linked to startling properties such as superfluidity, which allows this
fluid to creep up the sides of a beaker. But in liquid helium, the con-
densate is modified by the classical forces between atoms, so the
quantum-mechanical signature is muddied.
To create a pure condensate, physicists need supercold atoms, where no
heat veils the quantum forces. Yet the atoms must be kept in a gaseous phase
and prevented from collapsing into a solid or liquid. In July, by cooling
atoms of rubidium to within a whisper of absolute zero, researchers at a lab
run jointiy by the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the
University of Colorado managed this feat. In an ultracold cloud of gas, they
saw their boldest dreams come true, as a textbook example of Bose-Einstein
condensation took shape. When they graphed the distribution of the atoms'
velocities, they saw a now-classic portrait, with a dramatic peak close to
zero velocity that represents the atoms slowly emerging from the conden-
sate. The Colorado physicists slowed atoms with laser beams and trapped
them in magnetic fields. They cooled their sample further with a method
called evaporative cooling, which works much the way a cup of tea cools, by
allowing the hottest atoms to escape. For although the first condensate was
oniy about the size of a living cell, physicists are making larger samples all
the time. In the fall, researchers at the Massachusetts Institule of Technolo-
gy created a condensate with 200 times as many atoms as in the first sample,
by modifying the magnetic trap with lasers and using sodium atoms. In
principle, nearly three quarters of the elements in the periodic table could
enter Bose condensation, so this year's research opens the floodgates for stu-
dies on a variety of different elements and conditions.
Because Bose-Einstein condensation is related to superconduc-
tivity, this work may help solve the mystery of how certain materials
manage to conduct current without resistance. Also, some astro-
physical theories invoke an asymmetrical pattern of Bose condensa-
tion to explain the bumpy distribution of matter in the early
universe, a distribution that eventually led to the formation of galax-
ies. Having an actual Bose condensate could help develop such
5
bears bright, powerful, and tightly focused. Similarly, the matter
waves of atoms in a Bose-Einstein condensate are all in phase, and
physicists are already working to design an "atom laser." Such a co-
herent beam of atoms could eventually pave the way for a new gen-
eration of incredibly fine manipulations and measurements. An atom
laser might move atoms around one by one, or "write" atoms into
semiconductors, much as lasers etch silicon chips today, but with
much finer resolution.
M. H. Anderson et al., "Observation of a Bose-Einstein Condensation in a Dilure
Atomic Vapor," Science 269, 198 (1995).
G. Taubes, "Physicists Create New State of Matter," Science 269, 152 (1995).
C. C. Bradley et al., "Evidence of Bose-Einstein Condensation in an Atomic Gas
with Attractive Interactions," Physical Review Letters 75, 1687 (1995).
K. B. Davis et al., "Bose-Einstein Condensation in a Gas of Sodium Atoms,"
Physical Review Letters 75, 3969 (1995).
Cover Page: Images showing
Bose-Einstein condensate
Images of trapped atom clouds resulting from different evaporative
cooling cycles.
These images were obtained by passing a probe laser
beam through the atom cloud and recording the shadow of the atoms
on a CCD camera.
Fig.(a) shows 120,000 atoms at
590 nanoKelvin (590 billionths of
a degree above absolute zero),
and (b) to 20,000 atoms at 100
nano Kelvin.
The halo surround-
ing the absorption peak in (b) is
due to diffraction of the probe la-
{a)
ser beam from the spatially local-
ized Bose-Einstein condensate. The condensate is roughly spherical
in shape, with a diameter of about 3 microns.
From "Evidence of Bose-Einstein Condensation in an Atomic Gas with At-
tractive Interactions", C.C. Bradley, C.A. Sackett, J.J. Toilett, and R.G. Hu-
Iet, Physical Review Letters 75, 1687 (1995), and available at URL set to
http://atomcool.rice.edu/ccdpics.html.
POLITICS OF HELIUM (cont. from page 1)
"Even more modest proposals-a natural-gas consumption fee
that would finance a helium storage fund, for instance-face an
uphill battle in the present political environment. Park is optimis-
tic that a future Congress will at least restore the helium reserve.
After all, maintaining it costs the U.S. only $2 million a year,
much of which is offset by money earned from short-term storage
of helium for private providers. And when that reserve runs out
"We'll have to find new technologies," Park reflects. "Nature di
In the long run, this new form of matter may yield substantial
benefit to industry and society as well. That's because the condensate
is to normal atoms as a laser is to a light bulb. In laser light, all the
photons are in precisely the same phase, a property that makes laser
The COLD FUSION TIMES needs your subscription, and support.
It is the only cold fusion journal which is devoted exclusively to the material, economic,
and intellectual property issues of loading isotopic fuel - a hydrogen isotope - into a material
used to produce useful energy.
© JET Technology
Obviously cold fusion offers much opportunity, even to
replace this resource.
- Mitchell Swartz
INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COLD FUSION - ICCF6
Produles periment es ery and Mucker
*Nuclear Physics Approaches
" Material Science Studies
* Innovative Approsches
on the following topics.
*Excess Energy Phenomens in Deuterium/Me-
tal Systems (Experiments and Theory)
ir. K. Matsui / NIE-Centes, I
shi-Shinbashi TS Build
1-2Z-5 Nishi-Shinbashi, Minato-kus,
Tokyo 105, Japar
THE PATENT PAGE
Analysis of the Intellectual Property
*** Returns Next Issue
***

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1109, "chars": 7312, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION
THEORIES
Two-Dimensional
Proton Conductors
William S. Page
Daneliuk & Page
In direct analogy with the treat-
ment of electrons in conventional
solid state physics, it is possible to
describe the quantum motion of hy-
drogen in hydrogen-bonded solids
and many liquids as a superposition
of Bloch states. The detailed struc-
ture of the periodic potential that the
hydrogen nuclei encounter is the re-
sult of the overlap of electron orbit-
als, but because the nuclei are so
much more massive than electrons,
for many purposes, we can represent
the interaction between hydrogen
and other atoms simply in terms of a
generalized "Morse" potential. Just
as for electrons, however, solutions
of the wave equation take the form
of energy bands. This has significant
implications for the mechanical,
thermal and electrical properties of
hydrogen-bonded materials.
Di+7
Cattrade
This Figure
shows
Bjerrum
L- and D-defect
pairs contained in
water,
15
de-
scribed in
William
Page's
abstract.
Shown
is their action in
an applied elec-
tric field.
(afler A. von
Hippel, "Aloms to
Tech Spres
Tech
(1978)
example, ammonia (NH,) produces
D-defects which is expressed in mo-
lecular terms as NH,* and OH ions,
while hydrogen fluoride produces L-
type defects expressed as H,0* and F
ions. Water with an excess of D-
defects is called a D-type electrolyte
(analogous to N-type electron semi-
conductor). Water with an excess of
L-defects is call an I-type electro-
lyte (analogous to P-type electron
semiconductor). Both L-type and D-
type electrolytes are good proton
conductors. L/D-type junctions pro-
duce proton current diodes with
In particular, water (H,O) in solid
properties similar to their electron
and liquid forms can be described as
counterparts. In particular such
a proton semiconductor
Eigen
diodes display rectification (uni-
(1958), Gosar & Pintar (1964),
directional current flow), high values
Fletcher (1970)]. Similar
to the
of thermoelectric power, and may
electrons in conventional semicon-
display luminescence under forward
ductors, in pure water almost all of
bias due to recombination of L and
the hydrogen is in the "valence"
D-defects. Such effects as thermo-
band state. Each oxygen atom has
Tuminescence of ice following irradi-
two loosely bound hydrogen atoms
ation and sono-luminescence of wa-
which form hybrid hydrogen "orbi-
ter
cals" with four tetrahedrally coordi-
may
be
related
1o L/D
recombination. By the application of
nated neighbouring oxygen atoms.
a potential difference at an interface,
Defects in this structure are classi-
it is possible to produce an D-type
fied as I-defects (empty hydrogen
inversion layer in an L-type electro-
bonds, expressed in molecular terms
lyte, again in direct analogy to an N-
as OH) and D-defects (doubly occu-
channel field effect transistor (N-
pied hydrogen bonds, expressed in
MOSFET).
Excess hydrogen
is
molecular terms as HO'). An L-
trapped in the
one dimensional
defect can also be described as a
quantum well which lies parallel to
"proton hole" in the valence band,
the electrically negative interface (Z
while a D-defect corresponds to a
direction), but free to move in the x
proton in a conduction band. A gap
and y directions. Well known quan-
of less than 1 eV separates the hy-
tum mechanical properties [Stern
drogen valence band from the hydro-
(1967)] apply to this inversion layer
gen conduction band. In comparison,
which are due to its two-dimensional
the gap between the top of electron
nature and the periodic potential.
valence band and bottom of the elec-
The hydrogen atoms move with an
tron conduction band is more than
"effective mass" which is approxi-
10eV. As a result, electrical conduc-
mately half that of a hydrogen atom
tion in pure water is almost entirely
outside the lattice. Further, as for a
due to a small number of naturally
two dimensional electron gas, the
occuring L/D-defect pairs created by
density of energy states is a constant
thermally induced auto-dissociation.
and the Fermi energy is proportiona
Water can be doped by donor or ac-
to the hydrogen atom density. Ther-
ceptor substitutional impurities. For
fore, hydrogen density in the
NIGHTLINE ON "PATTERSON"
- A Review
by John Logajan
he ABC-TY Nightline program was a balanced look at the re
cent CETI claims with brief references to past cold fusion claim
Michael Guillen PhD, the Science Editor for ABC-TV, presented
the documentary portion, which was an expanded version of tha
show earlier in the day on the ABC-TV Good Morning Americo
show. Forrest Sawyer then conducted a debate between John Hui-
In the Guillen presentation, the skeptics were represented by Ho-
ward Birnbaum and Herman Feshbach. Patterson, Reding and
their patent attorney Charles Prescott represented CETI. George
Miley (U of Ill) speaking of his self-made Patterson Powercell
said: "We consistently measured an excess energy coming out of
it."
MG: "Does it always put out more energy than it takes in?"
George Miley: "Yes."
MG: "Does that surprise you?"
George Miley: "Absolutely. That's why we're so excited about
trying to understand what's going on."
Quinton Bowles (U of Missouri, funded by Kansas City Power
and Light) discussed the three cells they have operated over the
last nine months, saying: "It's fair to say that all three of them ap-
peared to be producing excess heat.... It works and we don't know
why." Guillen said that Patterson had told him that Motorola had
tested a cell and offered to buy Patterson out.
Sawyer's Huizenga/McKubre debate was a familiar rehash of
standard form. One misstep by Huizenga was to admit to a Saw-
yer question that he hadn't reviewed the Patterson work carefully,
but then a few sentences later Huizenga was asserting that these
cells all use open calorimetry and fail to account for such things as
recombination. Clearly since Huizenga had not studied the Patter-
son work, he was not in a position to categorize the calorimetry
(especially since he was wrong about it.) McKubre attempted to
correct Huizenga's false claim.
So in summary, the two major interesting bits, (continued page 8)
inversion layer increases with the layer on a cathode and on the surface
strength of the applied potential and of certain, metals in hydrogen atmo-
the kinetic energy of the hydrogen spheres. Two dimensional inversion
atoms increases more rapidly than layers can also be created in several
Coulomb potential energy. The net types of layered crystal structures
result is to enhance the probability which display high proton conduc-
of inelastic scattering (including fu- tivity such as, hydronium beta"-
sion) of the hydrogen nuclei. Such aluminate
H,O-MgO.5Al,0,
inversion layers may be present at [Farrington (1978)], hydrogen uranyl
the so called double-layer at the phosphate HUO_PO, 4H,O, and sint-
cathode in some electrochemical ered oxygen deficient oxides such as
cells, beneath an oxide or silicate SrCeo,gsYboosO,-alpha.
Eigen M., De Maeyer L. (1958) Proc. Royal Soc. (London), Series 4, 247, 505.
Farrington (1978) Mat. Res. Bull., 13, 763.
Fletcher (1970) "The Chemical Physics of Ice", Cambridge University Press.
Gosar & Pintar (1964) Phys. Star. Solidi, 4, 675.
Stem F. (1967)
Phys: Rev. 163 (3), 816,
PEOPLE IN THE NEWS &
COLD FUSION TIMES'
FAVORITE CARTOON OF THE "MONTH"
RETURN NEXT ISSUE!

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1017, "chars": 6422, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7
COLD
FUSION
TIMES
JET Technolory
ENGINEERING AND MATERIALS
VIEW TOWARD COLD FUSION.
THIS ISSUE: BOSE-EINSTEIN CONDENSATION
[Ed. The excerpted articles will bring our readers up to speed on this impor-
tant subject. Below is a joint release by the U. of Colorado, and the NA-
TIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY (NISI). JILA
is the Joint Insitute for Laboratory Astrophysics. Images of this new state
of matter are shown on pages 1, 5 and 10.]
PHYSICISTS CREATE
NEW STATE OF MATTER
Boulder, Colorado - Physicists have achieved a temperature far
lower than has ever been produced before and created an entirely
new state of matter predicted decades ago by Albert Einstein and In-
dian physicist Satyendra Nath Bose. Cooling rubidium atoms to
less than 170 billionths of a degree above absolute zero caused
the individual atoms to condense into a "superatom" behaving
as a single entity, said Eric Corneli and Carl Wieman of JILA, a
joint program of the Commerce Department's National Institute of
Standards and Technology and the University of Colorado at Boul-
der. Before photographing the superatom, the physicists cooled the
atoms to 20 billionths of a degree above absolute zero, the lowest
temperature ever achieved.
Scientists have sought to create the effect for more than 15 years.
The team used laser and magnetic traps to create the Bose-Einstein
condensate, a tiny ball of rubidium atoms which are as stationary as
the laws of quantum mechanics permit. This ball is surrounded by a
diffuse cloud of normal rubidium atoms. Made visible by a video
camera, the condensate looks like the pit in a cherry except that it
measures only about 20 microns in diameter or about one-fifth the
thickness of a sheet of paper. The condensate was formed inside a
smail glass cell surrounded by a tabletop array of magnets, lasers
and computers in a JILA laboratory. Within the atom trap are about
2,000 atoms of rubidium squeezed into a very small space at a very
low temperature. The atoms within the condensate obey the laws of
quantum physics and are fundamentally different from the normal
atoms in the much less dense cloud surrounding it. The JILA team
cooled the atoms to a temperature 300 times lower than has ever
been achieved in other scientific laboratories.
"Atoms in a room
temperature gas normally move about 1,000 miles per hour and slow
down as temperatures drop," Cornell said. "The normal atoms at
these low temperatures move about 3 feet per hour. The Bose-
Einstein condensate atoms move a lot slower, too slow for us to mea-
sure yet."
Wieman's tacties in pursuing the condensation initially
were met with skepticism in the scientific community. But as his
and Cornell's methods began to show that the goal was achiev-
able, several other teams of physicists joined the chase.
Beginning with a gas of room-temperature atoms, the JILA team
first siowed the rubidium and captured it in a trap created by the
light produced by diode lasers similar to ones used in compact disk
players. The infrared lasers are aligned so that the atoms are bom-
barded by a steady stream of photons from all directions -- front,
back, left, right, up and down. The wavelength of the photons is
chosen so that they will interact only with atoms that are moving to-
ward the photons. For the atoms, "It's like running in a hail storm so
BOSE-EINSTEIN CONDENSATES
AND COLD FUSION
(Continued from page 1)
The requirement would be that the de Broglie wavelength of
the bosons would exceed the average interparticle distance within
the gas.
What followed was that the Bose-Einstein condensate is
believed be responsible for superconductivity, and for the super-
fluidity of helium 4 [whereby this material will climb up the walls
of a container in seeming defiance of the laws of gravity].
condensation has even been invoked to have played a role in the Big
Bang wherein the Higgs boson metamorphosed by BEC to the uni-
verse which surrounds, and has become, us.
However, the BEC was not actually found for decades. The
elusive search for the Bose-Einstein condensate (BEC) was
achieved for alkali metals only at temperatures as low as a few mi-
crokelvin. This spectacularly cold condition - millions of times
colder than interstellar space -- was achieved by illuminating clus-
ters of alkali atoms from all directions simultaneously so as to chill
the molecular clusters to a millionth of one degree above absolute
zero.
Bose condensation may be the origin
both of the cold fusion phenomena and
the unexpected reaction products
Could
Bose
condensation play a
role after loading?
Cold fusion, an engi-
neering feat undreamed of ten years ago, offers fantastic opportuni-
ties for the coming century. By a variety of techniques, including
electrolysis and gas loading, special types of metals can become
filled with the hydrogen to concentrations not achievable anywhere
else, and if the loading exceeds ~85%, then the excess heat
(enthalpy) results.
Such extended quantum mechanical particles as BEC may, in
fact, be the etiology both for the cold fusion phenomena, and the
tardive acceptance of these solid state/nuclear phenomena by main-
stream physicists and some scientists. In a quantum mechanical
sense, wavefunctions of the fuels loaded into the materials, may be-
come condensed Bose states, and ultimately permit fusion within
the solid. The Bose condensation states exhibit the propensity for
change, which under some conditions, which may produce the de-
sired reactions yet bypass the conventional reaction products.
=
that no matter what direction you run the hail is always hitting you in
the face," Wieman said. "So you stop." This cools the atoms to
about 10 millionths of a degree above absolute zero, still far too hot
to produce Bose-Einstein condensation, and about 10 million of
these cold atoms are captured in the light trap. Once the atoms are
trapped, the lasers are turned off and the atoms are kept in place by a
magnetic field.
All atoms have a tiny magnet attached to them
caused by the spin of the electron. The atoms can be trapped, or held
in place, if a magnetic field is properly arranged around them, the re-
searchers said. The atoms are further cooled in the magnetic trap by
selecting the hottest atoms and kicking them out of the trap. It works
in a way similar to the evaporative cooling process that cools a hot
cup of coffee -- the hottest atoms leap out of the cup as steam.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 560, "chars": 3827, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NIGHTLINE - REVIEWED
(continued from page 6)
in my opinion, were that Miley at
the U of Ill and Bowles at the U of
Missouri said in their own words that
they had independently seen excess
power in Patterson cells under their
own control. Guillen said they are re-
viewing the results before they at-
tempt to publish in the standard
periodicals.
ABC GOOD MORNING
AMERICA TRANSCRIPT
(cont. from page 4)
Charlie: Is there an anticipation that
what is taking place here in micro-
cosm can take place in a macro situa-
tion where you can produce a
tremendous amount of energy?
Guillen: Now *that* is going to be
the key question. If the scientists at
the independent universities and cor-
porations continue to verify that this
device seems to work, the next ques-
tion is going to be: can you scale it up
from this laboratory model into some-
thing that can be mass produced, and
be cost efficient. Because we have
heard other alternative energy like
wind power and solar power, they
also sound great but they have never
become cost efficient. That's going to
be the big question in the future.
Charlie: You keep saying if this
works! You are telling me that a
number of scientists have been able to
make it work. There are also a bunch
of other scientists who are saying this
is just crazy.
Guillen: Yeah. The scientists are
really cautious because of the old cold
fusion flap six years ago. They want
to be real cautious. The question is
here, you have to measure the tem-
perature differences, how much of the
heat is putting out... is being put out
by this device. That requires you to
use thermometers of various kinds.
They are just double, triple and qua-
druple checking those thermometers
to make sure they are not misreading
them. But they are all saying yes, this
seems to work as advertised. So it's
potentially historic.
FOR THE WORLD
(More Information -- See Pages 2 And 3 Too)
COLD FUSION
TIMES
JET Technology o
8
BROUGHT TO YOU BY
THE FIRST AMENDMENT
OF THE UNITED STATES
CONSTITUTION
Subscribe Now To..
ELECTRIFYING TIMES
International Coverage of:
Z Electric Racing Events
• New Propulsion Technology
Z Over Unity - Antigravity
IZ Latest Battery Technology
IZ Company Profiles
3 issues per year for only S10
- Affordable Advertising -
63600 Deschutes Rd Bend, OR 97701
(503) 388-1908
FAX (360) 693-4408
The World
A Public Information Vility
Software Tool & Die
1330 Beacon Street, Suite 215
Brookline, Massachusetts 02146
office@world.std.com
617-739-0202
Authors, scientists, writers, inventors, en-
trepreneurs, consultants, economists, futu-
rists - you're invited to submit manuscripts
for consideration for publication in the
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135 Wellesley His, MA 02181
[Your diskette is helpful, or e-mail to mica@world.std.com]
There is NO publication with
higher information density in this field
:
JET Energy
Technology
Series 95 Multiring™ Calorimeters
(95 cc. 68020 chip, 3.5 mW sensittuly)
(130 cc, 680#0 chip, 0.5 mi senslurity)
1280 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(68020 chip. 10 runo-lo 0.55 Ampere drive)
1200 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(68000) chlp, 1 micro- 10 0,13 Ampere ditve)
T-NOTCH™ Nickel Reactors
.S-10.5 Wate Light Water System
500 - 10.5 Kilowatt Light Water Systema
T-NOTCH™ -Tested Nickel Electrodes
2.5 at input pourer|
(aubic to sailubility)
JOURNAL OF
NEW ENERGY
Low Energy Nuclear Changes
Symp. Proceedings in Issue #1
1(801) 583-5232
Spectroscopic Analysis
integrating Mültring a Calorimeters
T-NOTCH" Nickel Reactors
Specimen Testing & Certification
Integral
Therma!
Spectrogram™
of
Nickel
Sample
and
Control
Resistor
JET Energy Technology
P.O. Box 81135 Wellesley Hilla, MA 02181
More detailed analyses are available.
Technical reports on the Patterson
device, on cold fusion, on material
and material processing.
Write the COLD FUSION TIMES
Technical Reports Dept.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1321, "chars": 8055, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MORE COMMENTS ON THE CETI
MICROSPHERE DEMO
There were many intriguing responses to the CETI review
OP-ED COLUMN - WHAT'S HAPPENIN'
Spring '96 and NEWS from the INTERNET (also page 3 and 6)
last month, and we may cover some in coming months. Here,
Prof. Dennis Cravens of CETI is given the opportunity to respond to his critic, the entire running time was set at 0.02A and the voltage ranged from 2.9 to
Prof. Steven Jones, on the issue of Recombination as the origin of the excess 3.2V (normally 3.0V). The device was turned off overnight and it took about
heat for cold fusion in general, and for the CETI microsphere demo in particular. 30 min. to get started each morning. During Mon. and Tues. the thermal out-
put was between 3.5 and 6W and averaged around 4.5W. (the water flow was
Comments on Steve Jones' Theory
14 to 20 ml/min.)
Jones' idea that the 30 min. at 0.06W of input (0.03 watt hours of
on Recombination
energy) could somehow be responsible for the 12 hours at 4.5W (54 ratt-
Dr. Dennis Cravens CETI, Clean Energy Technology, Inc.
hours) violates the conservation of energy. His idea that the hydrogen
and oxygen are somehow stored in the electrolyte or cell and by recom-
bination are responsible for the 4.5W is also invalid.
I will start by noting that Jones is usually a careful experimenter (in the
nuclear measurement area and makes some interesting points. However, it is
obvious from the response that he neither attended the demo at the SOFE
conference nor is in possession of some information to make a correct inter-
pretation of the event. First, the demo was a demo and not a detailed experi-
ment. The system was assembled at U of I by one of their grad students. Its
primary function was to obtain qualitative measures of different bead com-
positions. The reason that Miley does not reveal the construction of the beads
he is preparing is that those are part of an ongoing R and D by CETI. The
beads used Mon., Tues. and Wed, were chemically prepared by CETI
(Patterson). Those were fully disclosed and their detailed construction and
preparation are in the four granted patents. At the SOFE conf. a diagram of
the beads cross section was displayed and copies of the patents were avail-
able for anyone wishing to make the patented beads for research purposes.
The beads used later Wed. were prepared by the U of I. This technology and
some production techniques are not yet patented and were not fully dis-
closed. Though Jones tries to imply that not telling everything is somehow
wrong, I see nothing wrong with not disclosing techniques and research until
after the experiments have been conducted and analyzed. Unlike Jones I do
not think that ongoing research nor grant proposals should be made public
(referees should not make public reviews of pending grant proposals). The
bottom line is that if you want to know about the beads on which most ex-
periments have been conducted and my report was written on, then it is
available in the patents and was described in my ICCF-5 presentation.
I will freely admit those areas where there may be problems. Jones
mentions the problems with the temperature measurements but dismisses it. I
feel and have freely admitted that if there is a real problem it is there. In the
ICCF-5 paper, I list the problems and the corrections connected with the
thermocouples in the systems. Yes, you can sometimes get into trouble with
thermocouples in electrolytic cells. This is why my paper mentions that the
thermocouples were moved to externaliy electrically insulated stainless steel
wells and the wells were connected to a common ground. Further, thermis-
tors were used to verity their reading and finally mercury thermometers were
used as a "reality check". Jones has either not read the work on the system he
is criticizing or is wilfully trying to mislead others in believing such con-
cerns have not been addressed. I personally think that if there is a real prob-
lem with the temperature measurement it is due to thermocouple placement.
That is why calorimetry on current systems includes, in-line mixers, checks
with thermistors, RuD's and glass thermometers.
A major problem with this whole field is that people scurry around try-
ing to dig up information about the ongoing research without having access
nor taking the time to wait for the full and finalized experiments. If you are
going to criticize an experiment for calorimetry, then it should be on an ex-
periment that was designed for such measurements and not a device designed
to give qualitative variations in materials des-
tined for those more detailed experiments. You
should wait for the experiment and its write up
on the experiment.
Jones' idea of excess coming from recom-
bination is noi tenable. First it should be mest-
tioned that the demo at SOFE was run for 12
hours on Mon (8-8) and about 13 hrs on Tues. in
full view of everyone. Some people even checked
meters and substituted meters. The device ran
with only about 200ml of electrolyte (total in the
system including tubes, filter, etc, with only
about 5ml in the cell itself). The curent during
First notice that the electrical input to the device was 0.02A and nor-
mally 3V or 0.06W. Only half of that is available for the production of gas
(0.02 times the I.5V required to dissociate the water) and the other half goes
to heating the solution. Thus if all of the hydrogen and oxygen recombined
you could only get about 0.03W of heat from that process and 0.03W from
joule heating of the electrolyte. You would still be missing out about 4,4W
of thermal power. Second the idea that the electrolyte could store the hydro-
gen and oxygen to be later recombined to give the 4,5W is also not consis-
tent with the reality of the demo. The 200ml of electrolyte would have been
required to store 54 watt-hours or 27 liters (for Mon. alone and if you believe
that no one pumped hydrogen and oxygen gases into it Mon. night during the
discussion you would need a total of 110 W-hr or 55 liters) of gases (18L of
hydrogen and 9L of oxygen) stored in the 200ml of the electrolyte. The pres-
sure oyer the open cell was only latm. I have checked and can only dissolve
about 7ml of oxygen in 200ml of the electrolyte at saturation (when cool).
The concept of placing a frit to bubble argon through the cell is not physical-
ly possible as anyone seeing the demonstration would have realised. Even in
cells with large electrolyte volumes, the general idea of bubbling argon
through a cell to purge oxygen and hydrogen is not as simple as Jones sug-
gests. The difficulty comes from the calorimetry. The cooling of the electro-
lyte due to expansion of the gas, controlling and measuring the gas flow, and
the loss of heat due to the heat of vaporization of water (evaporation assisted
by the argon flow) would be very hard to measure in practice. His "simple"
method would drastically underestimate the heat production unless the cool-
ing from the gas effects could be monitored. Thus the experiment as Jones
described is not consistent with known calorimetric procedure. I can see no
reason for expending the time and money for such experiment unless Jones
can tell me how the 200ml of electrolyte could hold 27 to 55L of hydrogen
and oxygen at 1 atm instead of the 7ml that I measure.
pa Al
Scanning Electron
Microphotograph of
Trilaminar Bead
Scanning Electron Microscop-
ic image of Ni/Pd/Ni coated
glass beads from
Scott Little
(Earth Tech, Intl.). The magnifi-
cation is 10,000x. The three lay-
ers are -l
micron
thick.
Apparent separation of layers
from glass substrate (large area
on the left) may be from the
grinding process required to
section the bead for microscopy.
25KV X10000
5001
MRC-
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The
Scientific Aspects Of Loading
Isotopic Fuels Into Materials
© 1996 JET Technology
All rights reserved,
BROUGHT TO YOU BY THE FIRST AMENDMENT
WORLD WIDE WEB SOURCES
ON COLD FUSION
COLD FUSION TIMES' home page:
http://world.std.com/-mica/cft.html
John Logajan's home page:
http://www.skypoint.com/members/jlogajan

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 1921, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE HAS GONE BEFORE
COLD FUSION TIMES
Volume 4 Number 2
Spring 1996
© 1996
ISSN #1072-2874
MORE REPORTS: News and De-
the lawsiof classical physics and followed only the dictums
of quantum mechanics. In 1995, by chilling wisps of gas to
velopments from California, Wash-
ington,
D.C.,
Illinois,
ultracold temperatures, physicists finally got their first good
Massachusetts, New Mexico, Rhode
look at this state, named the Bose-Einstein condensate after
Isiand, Texas, Utah,
China, En-
Einstein fand Indian physicist Satyendra Bose. This year's
gland, France, India, Japan, Neth- work ends an arduous quest and ushers in a new age of ex-
erlands, Russia, Sri Lanka, United
Kingdom.
Plus copious material
ploration in atomic and condensed-matter physics. We sa-
science and engineering news.
lute the condensate as Molecule of the Year for 1995, but
this peculiar form of matter is not a molecule. Indeed,
this year's magnificent achievement was to elude the ev-
[Ed. Readers of the Cold Fusion Times have been reading about Bose-
eryday forces that bind atoms together into molecules
and so unmask the more subtle powers of quantum me-
chanics. While atoms in an ordinary gas dart about in all
directions, the atoms in the condensate move in lock step, at
identical speed and direction. They have relinquished their
BOSE-EINSTEIN CONDENSATE
individual identities to become a single, collective entity,
and their organized condition is expected to give rise to bi-
NAMED MOLECULE OF THE YEAR
zarre properties. The condensate's unusual nature makes it
Back in 1924, Albert Einstein predicted the existence of
an ideal workshop for exploring the counterintuitive realm
a new phase of matter, an exotic state in which atoms defied
of quantum mechanics. So 6 months after the first dramatic
report,
(continued on page 7, see also page 5)
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA USA 02181
то:
