{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:35:05Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 196031, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119311-update-on-inventions-october-2-2002.pdf", "source_sha256": "400d09abda8c256d40af25605ff3b6beb5d901cef086003d08c7944846251a2c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 388, "chars": 2456, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Update on Inventions 100202
EXTANT
Jerry Smith showed us a levitating solar generator that he is willing to license. It looks
scalable.
Dara Wilder has access to people with lithium battery supercharger, fuel cell, organic to fuel
(NG) conversion system, and knows how to convert existing cars to fuel cells. Promised
contact information by 101502.
Sonny Ward. Has 7 inventions, including Etherizer that dissolves materials and 80 MPG
car (perhaps doubling of mileage, perhaps a little less), has run his home off grid for 14
(7) years excluding inductive applications such as dryer. SG spoke.
Holm has completed one version of his device, and I have requested details 092202, and
again 093002.
Kaiser says he is «99% complete with $300K bonds deal, to be delivered within 1 ½
months." Sounds upbeat, eager to work with SEAS once this is done. Has given proposal for
building 3 RS-3 units, 100202.
Gray. Meader has returned from his trip and STILL has not received the book from
Lindemann. He promised to call Lindemann, and I offered that we would pick up the cost of
fast shipping if necessary. An interesting sidebar: Wilcken spoke with Lindemann, who
believes that the Tilley racecar replication is real and is based on the Gray device! I have
asked Wilcken to determine why Lindemann believes this is so. If the Tilley demo goes off
without a hitch, this could provide us a basis for seriously funding the Gray work, for
example by having Norm Hays do it. Called Meader 092902. No response. Asked Wilcken to
follow up with Gary Magraden, replicator he knows who HAS built the device, seek to
obtain test.
Harwood POD. Andrew Crosby, our intern, has built the Harwood POD but it doesn't
perform to the expected specs. Harwood is coaching him via e-mail. Harwood also claims
one of his replicators will submit a completed functioning unit for the Z Prize, and that a
Tesla patent shows how to do it to industrial size. Wilcken thinks this is similar tech. to the
Gray device; back-EMF based
Muller. Wilcken visit not scheduled. Dax promised bids to make unit from scratch and from
Adsit design by 100402. Note: Dax has converted his business totally to this type of work.
Have made similar request of Loder 100102 and requested machine shop references from
Paul Zmick 100202.
Ronny Bar-Gadda. Friend of Fred Burks. Claims to have hydrogen to water conversion
engine, but is unwilling got license it. JK asked Fred to approach about JV company 093002.
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 350, "chars": 2254, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Perendev. Similar to Cole Motor (see above). Recently dropped US rep, who was an
evangelical Mormon (disliked for this by both Wilcken and Dax). I have written them in S.
Africa offering to work with them. No response. SG to call them in S. Africa.
Col. Charles Brown. Has documented (CA and other tests) showing 25% increase in
mileage. Improvable.
Hans Becker reportedly has 80 MPG car.
Hartman Motor. Valone ready to build. Moves a ball around a track endlessly. Again asked
him for proposal for larger unit to produce 1 KW, 093002.
Bob Cook. Spoke again after 10 years. Remembered me. Said Boeing tests "proved" the
concept; Jamie Childress says they were inconclusive and that Cook was given everything he
needed by Boeing to eliminate the vibration problem, but nothing has happened in 2 years.
Cook says he needs $50K ($20K income) to make it right. JK asked Cook to clarify 100102.
Richard Byrd. Claims his group has well-documented catalyst that increases mileage by
minimum 23% and eliminates diesel particulate emissions, improves coal BTU's and
drastically cuts emissions. Claims extensively documented over 10 yrs. NDA signed and data
expected this week. Wants to work with us.
POSSIBLE
Jerry Smith also has a catalytic converter for H2O2. He claims to have an OU device
nearing completion. He is preparing the Resonant Signature device to operate automatically.
Bruce Gelerter is on hold until he can demonstrate something.
Sego is building his device, and presently doesn't need funding.
Aquafuel. JK spoke to President of company and an investor. Carol knows developer,
and he promised her a device by October. I have asked Carol for an update, 100202.
Beelin Lofton. Has specs for gravitational converter. Expects completion within 1 month
Tilley. Based on their comments to me, they are not going to bring this to market
uccessfully. The new demo is still to be rescheduled
Mir. X/Andre. Mr. X (with the 5 KW device in continuous operation) has not been in touch
with Andre these past 2 weeks. He has taken in an investor, and Andre is concerned he may
no longer be interested in us. OTOH, Andre has referred another inventor FIZZIONE who
seems to have scientific credentials and an interesting device, but there is nothing testable.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2332, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Benson. Simulation cannot be done because software cannot model an aspect of his system.
Seeking Alberta state funding. Will not collaborate with SEAS unless we visit him; cannot
visit US.
Coe. Told Joel Garbon that he will call SEAS first when he has a device to demo.
Langenburg. Failed to keep his promise to meet with SG in Oregon
Dax/Cole. Has built the device to specifications, needs to refine one component. Dax
believes he is very close to a testable unit. Needs additional input from Bedini.
Podkletnov. Dropped by Boeing, spoke with Ted Loder. He and Loder have developed a
cordial and respectful relationship. Jamie Childress says a university is planning a proposal to
rescarch this, and will refer them to Ted for possible collaboration.
Magnetic Energy Converter. Have a serious if conventional business plan based on
Godin's Russian technology (that Valone takes seriously), and expressed interest in
collaboration with SEAS. Their COO promised to read the Strategic Overview and get back
to me. COO Kruglak has not responded to my calls and letters since.
Chad Webb. Has magnetic device with promising design. Writeup received and faxed to
Wilcken 100202.
Fred Epstein./
Claims to have centripetal generator, prototype
nearing completion.
Gerry Mazza. Claims to have force amplifier (lever). Complex, obtuse plans. Submitted to
Wilcken for review. Wilcken finds him nearly impossible to talk with. I told him to limit
brain damage.
David Hopkins g
1. Claims to have gravitational propulsion. JK
offered to sign NDA. No response. Will contact again 100502.
Jack Prestridge. His device has no new physics, according to Wilcken, However, claims to
have metered reduction of power consumption by 75% on motor. Was to call Wilcken
100102 and have Wilcken report to JK. Will call 100402.
Dr. Robert Adams
Would not work with us except if we paid him thousands under contract for consulting. Would
not divulge even under NDA SCio contact him.
Willam Aleke walk@intalck.com. Well regarded by Wilcken
Donald Carpenter. Ph.D. in physics, had design that was patent pending. Needed
permission of investors to talk to SEAS. Failed to respond to multiple contacts. SG to
contact. No telephone number given by Carpenter; e-mail is
Dr. Chuganov.
]. Russian thought well of by Valone. His attorney
consistently fails to call back.
