{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T17:27:27Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1751310, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119316-cold-fusion-times-spring-1993.pdf", "source_sha256": "f1b23a11e5fbc5ffe8eecc91db457b307fe0e48fffcd2c80b457d93356a22206"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2421, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE HAS GONE BEFORE
Palladium (at left) is
shown loaded with an
isotope of hydrogen.
Water (on the right)
is the source of the
isotopic fuel for cold
fusion. All of the sites
of possible loading are
shown as "filled" in this
figure.
COLD
FUSION
TIMES
volume 1 number 1
SPRING 1993
A BRIEF REVIEW OF THE
HISTORY OF COLD FUSION
by Dr. Eugene F. Mallove
It turns out that the original discoverers, Drs.
Pons and Fleischmann, were correct in their
claims of power production from water and
these have now
been
verified in various
aspects in hundreds of laboratories around the
world, including excellent labs in the United
States.
Pons
and
Pleischmann are
now
working on cold fusion with full support by a
major Japanese corporation (IMKA Europe,
near Nice, France. Of course, after the cold
fusion story's initial huge publicity in the
spring of 1989
the whole matter seemed to
cool off and disappear. Supposedly
universities and laboratories
that
Pons and Fleischmann were buffoons or
frauds. Glad to say,
this common perception
about cold fusion is 100% wrong.
You can begin to verity every assertion that 1
making
ponsal, but let exasinine the major
Continued on page 4
In March
palt gum woh has ban rices to da in
deuterium.
research
las expanded considerably since 1989. So thi
newsletter will report to its readers on the
This year,
all-day sem on on cold fusion the Peter t
Hagelstein
a fantastic
detailed
presentation
partepants in the audito sul it rapt attention.
A NEWSLETTER
DEVOTED TO
RELEVANT RESEARCH
and DEVELOPMENTS
OF SAFE, RELIABLE
POWER SOURCES
"It turns out that the
original discoverers,
Drs. Pons and
Fleischramm, were
correct"
Eugene F. Mallove, ScD
NEWS FROM JAPAN:
SUMMARY OF THE THIRD
INTERNATIONAL
CONFERENCE ON COLD
FUSION
Massachu Pets Institute Be ecim
Technology
Research bridge, Massachusetronics
"Over 300 attendees
participated, Estening to
about 27 oral
presentations and
looking over roughly 80
poster papers."
Prof. Peter Hagelstein
STATEMENT BY THE HONORABLE
DICK SWETT BEFORE THE SCIENCE,
SPACE & TECHNOLOGY
COMMITTEE, ENERGY
SUBCOMMITTEE HEARING:
"INVESTING IN TECHNOLOGIES FOR
AMERICA'S ENERGY FUTURE"
WASHINGTON February 16, 1993---
1 am pleased to see our subcommittee
holding a hearing on an issue of such critical
importance. Last year's energy bill did much
to help move our country in the right direction,
Continued on page 2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ON PAGE 2

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 843, "chars": 5530, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1 :
STATEMENT BY CONG. SWETT
but I believe that there is much more that we must do
to accelerate our nation's transition from being
fossil-fuel based
economy
to being
self-sufficient
economy
based
an
energy
on alternate
and
renewable energy sources. I'm sure our panelists will
have much to say about new energy technologies, and
I expect that I will have numerous questions for them.
I am particularly interested, however, in a field which
is commonly referred to as cold fusion.
Back in 1989, cold fusion first hit the media when
Fleischmann made
their startling
announcement. Their announcement, however, turned
out to be premature. The DOE issued a negative
report, and cold fusion research has been languishing,
at least in this country, ever since.
Despite unfortunate events of 1989, cold fusion
research
has continued. Japan has
launched
substantial research effort, and, in this country, the
Electric Power Research Institute (represented
on
today's panel), has undertaken a $12 million cold
fusion research effort.
Scientists at SRI and Los
Alamos National Laboratory, along with scientists at
various other places around the country and around
the world, report getting excess heat from
the
electrolysis of "heavy" water, I have recently received
letters about cold fusion which I would like to have
entered into the record. One is from Dr. Edmund
Storms, a scientist at Los Alamos. Another is from a
constituent of mine, Dr. Eugene Mallove, author of
Fire from Ice: Searching for the Truth Behind the
Cold Fusion Furor_. Both letters address the need for
increased government attention to cold fusion.
Not being a scientist, I'm not in a position to evaluate
the technical merit of recent cold fusion research. It
does seem to me, however, that there exists sufficient
factual evidence to warrant another comprehensive
scientific review of cold fusion.
In any case, I hope that our subcommittee will play a
role in helping to find the truth behind the cold fusion
furor. The mere possibility that there may exist a new
source of energy that uses water as a fuel makes it too
important to pass up."
Ed. note: We salute Congressman Swett for his
insight, courage, and dedication
technologies
in cold fusion
delivery.
COLD
FUSION TIMES will attempt to bring
up-to-date
and
relevant information to its readers, and an open form for all viewi
ReCOLD FUSION TIMES is nos responsible for tt
its reporters or
readers
Amendment of he US Constitution.
Questions, comments, suggestions, contributors and contributions
Poor 239 330 or namele ma Words an
wellesicy Hils, MA O2I81
@ copyright 92-93
JET Technology
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1:
SUMMARY BY HAGELSTEIN
PG I
INTRODUCTION
The
Third International
Cold
Fusion
Conference took
place
in Nagoya,
Japan
between October 21 and October
25,.
1992.
Over 300 attendees participated,
listening to
about 27 oral presenfations and looking over
roughly 80 poster papers.
The results presented at this:
technically much stronger than last year's conference, and
benefitted by a very strong showing from the Japanese
contingent. I will first itemize what I thought were some of
the most interesting new experimental results presented at
I admit to having numerous biases. One bias is that 1
believe the observations of excess power are ultimately the
and technologically
Another bias is that I favor results which in my view help
to elucidate reaction mechanisms.
Following the discussion of significant positive results, 1
Coming from the theory end of the field, I felt that it was
appropriate for me to survey the theory papers which were
présented (in the following section); in this case, it was
submitted. Having my own theory as to the origin of the
effect, I warn the reader that my
discussion of theory
necessarily carries a bias in favor of my world view; it is
my hope that this discussion will be useful în spite of this
dias. Almost as interesting ini some cases as
presented, was what was not presented; a discussion of
work that was absent is presented before the smmary and
Illistory
Review
¡Lessons of History
[Let. to NYT
IMIT IAP Conference
¡Public Patents
ISummary 3rd ICCE
AUTHOR
Cong. Swert
Mallove
various
Rothwell
Mallove
Fox
various
11
1 12
"There exists
sufficient factuall
evidence to warrant
another
comprehensive
sciemtific review of
cold fusiom"
HONORABLE DICK SWETT
FEBRUARY 16, 1993
For a review as long as this one, there are many issues and
many details, most of which I have made a serious attemp
to get right. I would hope that ! Will not make enemies of
those whose work I did not include (which at this point
will include about half of all papers submitted).
review was constructed from preprints,
and discussions with many people in the field -- should the
reader note errors or misconceptions, I would appreciate
corrections.
"Pons and Fleischmann
armounced ... excess power
productiom (on the order of
1000 Watts/cIm (3))
corresponding to a factor of
10 power gaim, and tat tney
had done so 11 tines."
Continued on page 3
C.F. CONFERENCE AT MIT
(Excerpted from Fusion Facts January 1993 -
Dr. Mitchell Swartz organized a cold fusion
Kober 4 Ries Chairan of law school at Franklin Pierce Law
Center) discussed the curent patent problems and caused by the patent
airy Forsey rom onese, N85 maid a bret presention on his
ecent cold fusion experiment in which the palladium carhode boile
Hate a fur Faces
a see and rada rear or desper Entrepreneur
he concrete sand by about yo persons including facul

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1006, "chars": 6491, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 2 :
SUMMARY BY HAGELSTEIN
LESSONS OF HISTORY
by Jed Rothwell
1. New ideas & theories are usually rejected
out of hand. This is true of correct ideas, incorrect
ones, big ones, and little ones, including many that
do not seem
controversial now. A century ago,
someone
suggested
invented "zipper" be used to close the fly on men's
rousers,
the idea was met with gales of laughter
and derision. When I suggested in 1979 that the
newly invented microprocessor might eventually
away
minicomputer
business,
management of my company and of IBM, and
DEC) thought the idea was absurd. The acceptance
- or rejection -- of an idea cannot be used to
predict anything.
2. Experimental evidence, no matter how simple
and overwhelmingly
is usually
ignored
for a period of years.
fly
anairplane in front of hundreds of people, you can
circulate photographs and data, but people will go
on denying that airplanes exist. You can string
electric lights on poles, but experts will not bother
coming out to check,
even if you are the most
important inventor in the world. and vou have
backing from J.P. Morgan. You can show a video
of a boilingcell, and hand out data, but the
"skeptics" will ignore you, even if Toyota has
given you carte blanche support.
3. Popular support, and the opinion of experts, Is
no guide to anything.
Never listen to experts who
have a vested interest in the old ways of doing
things.
months of hard work performing a experiment
work performing the experiment
for themselves have any authority.
4. In science, people's opinions count for nothing
Previously established theories count for nothing:
Only one thing matters: replicated experimenta
evidence. When sigma 90 résults from 200 superb
experiments say there are megajoules per mole of
heat, then any theory or previous
that would deny that fact is wrong.
5. People often succumb to the illusion that we
have reached "the end of history" (F. Fukuyama's
term): They think that all is known,
and all
knowledge is complete and perfect. Skeptics think
that existing theories are perfect and can never be
overthrown or changed.
such peopliney were nes alongitened and
people.
frightened and
outraged to look through Galileo's telescope, and
they are terrified of McKubre's data, because it
shows that the world is ever-changing, and there
will aiways be more in heaven and
earth than
dreamt of in our philosophy. These conservatives
crave
continuity,
predictability
and control.
Continued on page 5
SURVEY OF POSITIVE RESULTS
In the absence of current flow, film-boiling limits
the heat
flow
from
cathode
at cathode
temperatures higher than about 120 Deg. C; the
maximum heat flux from the rod under these
conditions is limited to I think somewhere near 125
Watts/cm(2). Ihe surface area of the cathode,
including the top and bottom, is 0.85 cm (2), which
leads to an observed average heat flux of about 170
Pons and Fleischmann have considered this effect, and have
ound experimentally that the presence of current flow delays the
onset of film-boiling to higher temperatures and higher heat
fluxes. In their conference proceeding.
they claim 2) to have
observed heat transfer
rates during
electrolysis in separate
experiments which are between 1-10 kW/cm(2). I consider this
result to be very important.
The cathode
gets very
hot in
these experiments.
Pons and
Fleischmann have observed the Kel-F supports at the base of the
cathodes to melt, from which the presence of temperatures in
excess of 300 Deg. Care inferred.
A direct measurement of the
cathode temperature is currently problematic; Pons is currently
interested in practical proposals as to how to do this without
impacting the electrocheristry.
A common misunderstanding often occurs in the discussion of
the results of Pons-Fleischmann experiments which is of interest
here, It is sometimes argued that the energy production during a
short event can be disregarded, since there may exist energy
storage mechanisms which could have been collecting energy at
• low level for a long period of time,
For example,
the total
energy
output from this experiment would not be very mucl
larger than the total input energy if no heat excess had occurred
prior to the boiling event (1 watt-day = 86.4 kJ). This type of
argument seeks to make palatable the notion that since the total
energy excess measured over days is small compared to the input
(and hence there might exist a signal to noise
problem in the
measurement), the measurement can be dismissed.
As discussed
above,
this
argument
completely
misses
Key
implication of the experiment - specifically, that there exists no
known
physical mecnanısm
which could
store the
observed to be released during the boiling episode,
energy
it is true of this experiment as well as of others to be describer
elow, that no products or "ashes" of the heat have been found
and verified that are commensurate with the energy production.
This will be discussed further below.
2. M. McKubre(3,4)_ described experiments done at SRI
during the past several years. They have developed closed
cell flow calorimeters, which are ideally *first principle*
calorimeters (which means that the heat flow out of the
cell goes into the flowing water coolant, and the power
generation is determined by measuring the mass flow rate
and output to input flow temperature difference, with no
calibration required). They have succeeded in reducing
the conduction losses
(which are
not first principle
contributions) down to the order of one per cent, and then
they calibrate the Fick's law constant associated with the
conduction
losses.
Overall, the SRI
calorimeters
achieve
calorimetric
measurements which is on the order of a few tenths of a
per cent.
That speared to yed testeal essentially everyone a s
method is described in the Como conference proceedings
Highlights of these experiments were discussed. A significant
Continued on page 4
"Thanks are im
order especially
to Peter
Hagelstein for
this paper, but
also to Jed.
Rothwell and
daughter Naomi
for working it
into a format
consistent with
facile
presentation."
"Prof.
Hagelstein
sent
this
document in "Latex"
format. I converted it
to Word Perfect, and
then to 80 column
ASCIE,
with
the
following
conventions:
- Superscripts, including
footnote
numbers,
between
curly
brackets: {4) He
- Subscripts are shown
between square brackets:
DIZO
lalics are marked by
asterisks: *ab initio*
Greek
letters
and
symbols are spelled out:
sigma, rol, Deg."
Jed Rothwell

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1059, "chars": 6961, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1 :
HISTORY BY MALLOVE
1. Cold fusion (Whatever its detailed scientific explanation turns
out to be has been
demonstrated to be real and a spectacular
source of energy
from water. It is a new form of virtually
radiationless nuclear energy.
The implications of this are
mind-boggling, needless to say.
2. Cold fusion is being aggressively developed by at least IS
major Japanese corporations in conjunction with Japan's Ministry
of International Trade and Industry (MITI).
3. The U.S. Department of Energy convened a panel in mid-1989
that dismissed cold fusion prematurely - in a manner that borders
on fraud, given the available evidence and lack of certainty at the
time. That panel has long since been proved wrong, but one of its
co-chairmen (whom we can prove was picked because of his
negative bias) and his supporters in the high-energy physics
stablishment and not fusion program have been conducting e
war against cold fusion. The U.S. Department of Energy spends
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3
SUMMARY BY HAGELSTEIN
advance that was pioneered by the SRI group was described: it consisted of the
which caused the formation
laboratories have been threatened with dismissal if they dare to
work on cold fusion.
The science has largely been driven
underground
in the U.S., in contrast to its open-minded
acceptance in Japan.
4. As a result of DOE's actions, no U.S. patents are being issued
on cold fusion, while such patents are, indeed, being issued in
Japan and Germany.
a supposedly
cold fusion
experiment
conducted by the hot fusion laboratory at MIT in 1989. That
experiment has now been proved to be fraudulent and steeped in
scientific misconduct. After my resignation as Chief Science
Writer for the MIl News Office in June
1991, because of the
inethical behavior I had uncovered, 1 requested that the
misconduct be investigated.
b. Hundreds of scientists working on cold tusion or tamiliar with
the facts about it have petitioned the U.S. House Science, Space,
and Technology Committee to hold cold fusion hearings.
These
scientists, including senior scientists from
except by a few
congresspeople who have taken an interest.
7. Most of the news media in the U.S., with the exception of The
. It this situation persists and is not exposed, the scandalous
difference between the U.S. and Japan situation will make Japan
that was discovered
in the U.s. Fu enore, it is scene at as reditionard
liscovery, which is so pregnant with energy,
environmental, and
conomic salvation for the world, has been derailed in its country
of origin.
Eugene F. Mallove, Sc.D. is Author of Fire from Ice:
Searching for the Truth Behind the Cold Fusion Furor,
John Wiley & Sons, 1991
the Pd rod to maintain a high loading ratio.
Two distinct modes of excess power generation were observed; one in which
the excess power occurs at relatively
low levels (1%-50%) and responds to
changes in current density (they have observed 38 occurrences of this mode,
lasting hours to many days),
and one that is characterized by much higher
relative power levels (up to 350% excess) and appears to be insensitive to
changes in current (this mode has been observed 3 times, lasting many hours).
For the first mode of heat generation,
Nearly with current be a resold curren density whice is on the or ases
100-200: mA/cm(2]). A graph illustrating this appears in their conference
proceeding 14) This is in apparent contrast with the Pons
results, which showed a possible quadratic component to the increase above
threshold current. Discussion during the meeting pointed to the fact that the SRI
experiments are run at constant temperature,
while the temperature of the rons
and Fleischmann celis increase when excess heat is produced
Mickubre presented a graph of excess
fractional deuterium loading as determine dower production as a funcrion of
from resistance ratio measurements.
This dependence was found to increase roughly parabolically above a loading of
0.85 (*P[xs]*~(x-0.85)(2]) up to loadings near 0.95, which is as high as had
been achieved during their Cl experiment.
The group has spent
considerable effort chasing.
down and quantifying
uncertaintíes in the SRI experiments,
and are now able to assign meaningful
error bars to
essentially
all quantities
measured and inferred in their
experiments, 'The result of this analysis yields rather high sigma numbers on the
excess power measurements (in excess of 50 sigma on some of the best data
analyzed so far).
Their largest power numbers correspond to on the order of 15 W/cm(3); it
would take a small number of hours of running at this level to defeat a chemical
storage explanation. Their highest excess total energy numbers have reached
200 MJ/mole of Pd, which corresponds roughly to 2 KéV per Pd atom; this level
of excess energy production cannot be of chemical ongin.
3. K. Kunimatsu(5,6} of IMRA JAPAN Co. in Sapporo presented
results fon their heavy water electrolysis experiments.
A number of
things struck me as being interesting about this talk, aside from the fact
that this is one of the first presentations of anything from this group at a
conference at which I have managed to be. This effort appears to have
a great deal of resources and some nontrivial technical expertise. They
reported excess power measurements as a function of loading (Where
the loading was determined through measurements of the deuterium
gas pressure in the cell), and arrived at essentially the same dependence
of excess power on loading fraction as SRI, but with the cut-oti shitted
down by a few points relative to the SRI results (from a D/Pd ratio of
0.85 inferred from a resistance ratio measurement, down closer to 0.83
determined from measurements of the D[2] gas pressure (6)). The peak
excess power occurs when the current density is greater than 100
mA/cm (2), and the peak excess power which appears on the graph in
qualitatively from
Conventional Pons-Fleischmann electrolysis experiments are run such that D[2]
developed a pressurized cell in which deuterium reactions occur at the
Cells operating in fuel-cell mode have been developed in
however, this is the first time that i am aware that a Pons-Fleischmann cell has
generated excess power sufficiently reliably while operating in such a mode to
produce relatively high quality excess power data of the sort presented.
This group seems to have good people,
good funding, and much expertise.
They presented several poster papers on studies of excess power generation, and
the absorption of hydrogen and deuterium in palladium cathodes(7-10) I think
that we will be hearing much more from them in the future.
I note that a positive correlation between loading and excess heat production in
a Pd/D modified Pons-Fleischmann experiment was reported by Scaramuzzi and
De Ninno in a poster paper. (11,12)
4.
Ya. R. Kucheroy(13-15) from the Luch Association,
Podolsk, Moscow Region described experiments that I thought
Continued on page 5

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1071, "chars": 7031, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3 :
ROTHWELL
Unfortunately for them, the world is ever-changing, and history
will not come to an end until homo sapiens becomes extinct.
5. It is very easy to distort history and to deny the truth by
picking and choosing among irrelevant facts,
from margina
experiments, and by ignoring the successtul work. It is easy to
make fun of new ideas, and to attack the integrity of pioneers.
Revolutionary
new discoveries are always
confusing
and
chaotic at first. Pioneers must make many mistakes before they
get anywhere, so they look foolish
keptics put together a mish-mash of accurate but irrelevan
facts,
the total effect of which create a fun-house mirror
distortion. If they were living back in 1907, they might have
put together this accurate but incomplete description of events:
The plane was barely controlled on the first flight, that the
landing skid cracked when it came down. It was destroyed that
afternoon by thewind. At public demonstration a year later in
ront ot newspaper men, the
Wrights could not even get the engine to start. In the four year.
since the "alleged" flight, dozens of skilled workers in Europe
and the U.S. have attempted to replicate the airplane, using
detailed descriptions from the Wrights,
but every
single
replication failed disastrously. Most experts in the field assert
that it is impossible. The New York Times says that a million
mathematicians, working for a million years could not solve the
problem...
The skeptics of 1907 deliberately chose to ignore massive
evidence, and to discount *every* *single* flight after 1903,
just as they now ignore all important experiments atter 1989. It
's very easy to pick just a handful of facts, and to ignore the
main point, but it is intellectually dishonest. They deliberately
ignore the overwhelming calorimetric evidence of excess heat,
and talk only
about inconclusive and marginal experiments,
and the fleeting evidence of neutrons, which -- for some
unknown reason -- only appear in marginal "incommensurate"
amounts. In their books,
They ignored *all* events in Japan
except the Kamiokande work,
which was marginal at best.
They ignored McKubre.
I believe that all of the "skeptics" understand perfectly well
What
"megajoules of heat per mole,"
means,
and what il
implies. Howeyer,
dance
they refuse to face the issue.
around
the
issue,
obfuscation,
and
they
introduce
ignorance
into
what
aught to
be
an
enlightened discussion of one of the most interesting scientific
discoveries of this century. They
create a smokescreen of
nitpicking criticism
of the earliest 1989
work, they
attack
P&F's integrity,
and never discuss McKubre,
Bockris,
or
anyone else.
They pervert and corrupt the progress of science.
In Huxley's words, a skeptie is:
"a man highly emdowed by mature and possessed of great
means of imfluence & yet whø employs those lacilities o
that infuence lor the mere purpose of introducing ridicuik
imto grave sciemtific discussion.
Jed Rothwell
[Cold Fusion Research Advocates]
(404) 451-9890
were very important.
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4 :
HAGELSTEIN SUMMARY
with glow discharges and is aware of seyeral tricks that help to
suche or the carde which as to every high loading to red rae te
more than 1).
Numerous effects are observed; excess heat production will first be considered.
Temperatures were monitored using W-Re thermocouples in the cathode and
anode, and also CC thermocouples in a heat collector some distance from the
cathode. Calibration was done through comparing temperature histories of "live"
ra cathodes (cathodes producing neutron
gamma and fast particle emission) in
deuterium with those of "wom out" cathodes (cathodes producing no anomalous
emission), Excess power production at the level of tens of watts is observed; their
best result out of 78 experiments is a 33 watt excess representing a power gain of
a factor of 5. Given"
the
small total cathode volume,
the resulting
power
generation rate is quite high; the highest values are on the order of 3000
watts/cm (3) of Pd. The highest total energy production observed to date exceeds
20 kJ.
After about 100 seconds after the start of the discharge, neutron emission is
observed (a huge signal, reaching
up
to
10[6}
neutrons/sec
in
some
experiments). The neutron detection described in their earlier work was done
using RUP-1 silver activated ZnS scintillation detectors and type SNM-18 gas
discharge ((3]He) detectors.
the 101or neutronsec signa
appeared in the
scintillation detector as 2000 counts/sec at a distance of
1 meter; the signal
bowed up as 10000 pulses/second at a distance of 30 cm on the SNM-1
letector, No emission was observed using a hydrogen discharge
After a while, gamma emission is then observed (also a huge signal, up to 106)
gammas/sec in some experiments). The gamma emission was studied using four
detectors (Ge-Li, stilbene, Nai and SPS plastic); most of the recent results were
Gamma lines were identified from short-lived isotopes (the gamma spectrum
returns to its initial state in 3-5 days, and some of the identitied lines originate it
isotopes in the neighborhood of Pd (lines
originating from isotopes with i
nuclear charge of "Z*-3 to *Z*+8, where *Z*=46 for Pd, were observed).
A very substantial flux (10(4) to 10(6) ions/sec) of fast ions is emitted from the
cathode, and silicon surface barrier detectors were used for detection. The bulk of
the emission occurs between 1-5 MeV, and in some experiments lasts for a few
minutes after the discharge is
switched off which
determination of the spectrum.
allows
for an accurate
Correlated fast ion emission wis registered on
calibrated CR-39 plates installed inside the discharge chamber.
A small fraction
of the fast ions are observed at high energy; peaks wen
observed at 6 MeV, 12 MeV and 16 MeV. The mass of the particles at 12 Mel
and higher was determined to be greater than or equal to 4, as determined
through measurements with different barrier thicknesses.
5. There was a Chinese team| 17-20) that presented results from a somewhat
similar system to that described by Kucherov. A glow discharge was created by
etallic layer of the electrode material (for example, Po) was deposited on th
terior of the glass bulb. The glow discharge current was less than 100 mA; i
nomalous current was observed with an average value of 1 A, and excursions uf
• 10 A. A D/Pd ratio of 0.5-0.8 was claimed to bave been obtained
Substantial neutron emission (13-330 neutrons/sec) was observed, and the energ.
spectrum
with a recoil
spectrometer.
eutrons
iccurred above 2.5 meW
Neutron emission was also recorded from metals chosen at random, and the
signal strength varied with metal according to the order Pt, Nb, W, Pd,
Mo and Fe.
The fence observed from to hot system as 12 x70(
neutrons/sec.
The energy spectrum of the neutron emission for these metais was also observed.
n the case of the D/Pt emission shows broad emission up to
about 8 MeV
lecreasing generally with increasing neutron energy, and with a number of
Continued on page 6

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1371, "chars": 8701, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 5
HAGELSTEIN SUMMARY
possible peaks appearing.
Intense gamma spectra were also observed with a Nal scintillation counter during
the experiments; the gamma ray yield was about ten times that of
the neutron
yield. The gamma spectrum of D/Nb showed lines at tens of KeV, 3.4 MeV and
5.8 MeV, and some unresolved emission below 7 MeV
These experiments seem to me to be similar to the experiment described in 1989
by Wada.(21) Another experiment of this sort was reported by Tazima,
Ikegami, and also by Jin, Zhang, Yao and Wu, at the Como conference.
This paper attracted considerable interest in the Japanese media, and there were
reports that the price of the NTT stock climbed as a result. The NTT stock climbed
a bit more than 10%; Morrison pointed out in his review that the stock went back
down to its pre-announcement value within a few days.
• the experiments that he reported, a current of 0,5-0.8 A/cm\Z} is applier
perpendicularty to the sandwich.
The foil produces heat at a level of 0.5-5 Watt
or about 1000 seconds (this is the case whether the foil is PoD or PdH), and then
substantial plastic deformation
substantial plasic detomation which lasts for about to seconds. During
presentation, it was not obvious whether the temperature rise observed was being
claimed as anomalous or not. If the foil is deuterated, these phenomena are
accompanied by (4)He emission.
Yamaguchi previously reported at the BYU conference very high levels of neutron
emission from this system at a 1016) neutrons/second. The experiments described
at Nagoya included only helium, heat, and fast charged particle detection.
The (4]He emission is monitored using an expensive high resolution mass
spectrometer that is capable of distinguishing between (4)He and D[2] signals, as
vas demonstrated. A minor peak in the data appears near the expected HT mass
position, and Yamaguchi claimed that this signal indicated the presence of HI
The
and does not interfere with the (4)He measurement.
Yamaguchi sees (4) He in his mass spectrometer when he uses PdD, and he sees
no (4jHe when he uses PdH. Yamaguchi stated that the amount of (4)He
"consistent with the heat," but if he gave figures for the amount of
produced, I missed them. Given that heat occurs for PdH runs as well.
runs,
it is not clear what the statement means. Hopefully this
issue will be
clarified at a later date.
When asked whether the {4) He is due to contamination, Yamaguchi argued that it
is not in the D[2] gas used, it is not in the metal, and the vacuum system being used
is a high quality system of the type used in semiconductor research thai will hold a
10(-6) torr vacuum for a month
without pumping.
S-SSD: PD-450-19-700-AM; active area-4.5 cm (2), active thickness = 700 ml).
Protons were observed at 3 MeV, and were attributed to the *p+t* branch of the
*dd*-fusion process. Significant emission was observed
between 4.5-6.0 MeV;
by comparing signals with and without an intervening ? mu foil, these signals were
identified as being due to either alphas or 3) He nuclei. The total number of fast
particles detected was a few hundred per experiment.
The experiment which Yamaguchi and Nishioka have constructed looks very
impressive; • got the impression inat the hehum measurement capability was
relatively new. I think that the (4)He signals are real, but I am less convinced yet
that it has been made through an anomalous effect. The strongest argument in
support of it being genuine is the rather strong time-correlation of the (4] He signal
with the temperature excursion of the foil.
and by now I think that the basic
Yamaguchi and Nishioka have had more experience exploring. I look forward to
more results from this group.
that the first significant claim for substantial i4yHe production in
Pons-Fleischmann electrolysis experiments were made at Como by Miles and
coworkers at China Lake. Previous negative results had been obtained in searches
for helium in the cathode; Miles and coworkers claimed the observation of {4}Hle
in the gas stream. Miles presented a paper at Nagoya(24) which gave an update of
the group's recent efforts, Which have been hindered by an inability to obtain
significant excess heat.
Bockris reported at Nagoya(25) observations of {4|He above background (by
factors of 2-100) that accompanied tritium production (described below);
helium was analyzed by thermal expulsion and mass spectroscopy.
the
, S. Isagawa et al from the Japanese National Laboratory for High Energy
Physics (ine KEK collaboration) reported their results on experimens yolving
searches for heat, tritium and neutrons in Pons-Fleischmann cells. (26,27} I was
impressed that the KEK was working at all in this area,
and even though they
have apparently had an effort at some level since 1989, it appeared to me from
their presentation that they have more or less just gotten started.
Mas the here gul to dare empeated had is nearests the posiene
thae is feare goin that they a expose ed so far, they eaves been able to mule
out all but one as being due to known (non-anomalous)
emission is mostly not observed, but they have one event at 3.5 sigma of excess
reutron emission (23 q 7 neutrons/sec) recorded over nine hours from one Pdl
cell after 20 hours of electrolysis
Although their results to date have little impact on the field, should they
continue, their contributions could be and should be substantial in time
thing that this group would be able to do which few other groups in the field are
as well suited to do to bring on board the physics community. Positive results
obtained at the KEK would stir interest in other physics laboratories as almost
no other result. The physicists have written off Pons and Fleischmann, so thes
ure free to ignore the claim of kilowatt/cm(3) reported at the conference; but i
the KEK gets 10% heat power at 10 Watts/cm (3), I Would bet that every
physics lab on the planet will likely be pulling out their electrochemistry sets
aguin,
8. T. P. Perng of National Tsing Hua University in Hsinchu, Taiwan described
observations of excess power from molten salt electrolysis experiments as part
Lf and coworkers at he 0. of eLawan deserBed at the last
last two international
cold fusion conferences experiments using molten salt electrolysis with Pd and
Ti anodes in a LiCI-KCI
eutectic saturated with LiD. At Como, the group
reported the observation of excess power at a level of about 10 times the input
electrochemical power in Pd (up to a
30% increase over electrochemical plus
heater power),
with an energy
gain reported as about 1 GJ/mole Pd or 6
MJ/mole D[2]. The Pd anode
volume was 0.040 cm (3), so that the excess
power per unit anode volume is about 250 watts/em (3).
This result was important because the power excess was so large relative to the
electrochemical input power, and because the temperature excess was on the
order of a hundred degrees centigrade, which would have the potential for
Little progress has so far been reported toward a reproduction of the Liaw
experiment, Perg described results from an experiment performed to provide a
confirmation of the Liaw experiment; the power excess claimed was on the
order of 2-5 times the input power.
The preprint(29] from C. M. Wan et al consists of an abstract and copies of 11
igures, from which 1 will attempt to give an account of the work.
Liaw, the paliadium electrode is used as an anode (instead of a cathode as is
done in conventional Pons-Fleischmann experiments),
eutectic saturated with LiD. The anode dimensions are 6 mum diameter and 5 cm
'The molten salt sits in an aluminum container which
cathode. The temperature is sensed using a thermocouple embedded in a quartz
tube which is placed in the molten salt in the general vicinity of the Pd anode. A
From the figures and the abstract,
it is clear that a time-dependent excess
neutron signal appears following 200 hours of electrolysis,
at twice background
(background is
5.51 g 0.44 cpm) corresponding to 800 neutrons/sec.
neutron signal is rather clearly correlated
excess power production
which is time-dependent and rises to about 10 watts. Given the large anode
volume; this level of excess power corresponds to about 7 watts/cmi3 - The
associated temperature excursions are about 25 Deg. C, With one excursion up
1o 50 Deg. C.
The abstract quotes power gains of 5 to 108 for the 6 min Pd rod which is 5 cm
long, and power gains of 8 to 560 from a 4.5 mm diameter rod. These numbers
are very high and represent excesses in comparison with electrochemical power
Continued on page 7
FOUR
YEARS
AGO
Left: Cover of Fire
from ice (E, Malloye)
Right: Dan Rather,
CBS News announcing
"Cold Fusion" in "the
March of 1989

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1420, "chars": 9497, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
rather than total input power; I think that the highest
Celani 35,36;
reproduce
the
numbers correspond to modest excess powers observed at
described
efforts
Takahashı
experiment
at his
to
laboratory
in
Frescati.
low input current level.
Experiments were run in an open cell flow calorimeter
There was
an abstract from the National Tsing Hua
using two Tanaka metals batch 1 cathodes, one Tanaka
University by Yuan et al that described a molten salt
batch Z cathode, and one IMRA batch 1 cathode. Positive
results were obtained with the Tanaka batch 1 rods (at 8%
experiment (30) I do not know whether this paper was
and 25%
peak power excess) and with the IMRA rod
presented. 1 suspect that this paper may not have been
(12% peak excess).
No excess power was observed with
presented,
and that ferng was reviewing results obtained
the
Tanaka batch
2 cathode.
by his colleagues.
Blank experiments were
9. There were several papers on attempts at replicating
the Pad theres old at deshe was unserved for
Pd cathodes,
and no
excess was
observed.
the Takahashi experiment that captured
correlation between high loading and excess heat was
the
Japanese
press
earlier
this
year.
A.
Takahashi
noted; small amounts of excess tritium were reported for
described earlier this year obtaining tremendous excess
the runs which gave excess heat.
leat in a neavy
water electrolysis experiment that ran at
in average of 1.7 output power oyer input power for
Oyama(37) reported a 2.4% excess energy, which is
bout two months. 31,32|
small, but Was measured with much smaller error bars; a
he tota
excess enthalpy generate was clained to be
light water blank showed no excess.
about 2250 MJ/mole Pd (more than 20 KeV per Pd
tom, Waich is one of the highest claims to dare from
10. Tritium production was discussed by several groups.
The existence of such an effect is interesting because it
experiment.
Following
Takahashi's
constitutes an additional signature of the presence of a
announcement, many laboratories attempted a replication.
nuclear phenomenon; tritium cannot be made chemically.
Takahashi's experiment is similar in many ways to the
An additional feature of many tritium experiments is that
classical
Pons-Fleischmann
expenments
with
some
the
tritium
Is not accompanied by
neutron
emission
variations.
A
Pd
foil
from
Tanaka Kikinziku
(neutron/tritium ratios of 10/-7}
101-9] have been
(Tanaka Precious Metals Co.) with dimensions 2.5 cm X
reported).
The
*dd*-fusion
reactions would produce
15 cm X 1 mm is used for a cathode instead of a rod
neutrons and tritons in roughly equal amounts, so that the
The electrolyte volume is very large (700 cc of DIZJO
observations imply either a new mechanism or else a very
with 0.3 M LiOD). An innovation of Takahashi is the use
significant modification of the fusion reactions. Possibly
more significant is that 14 MeV neutrons from *d-t*
of a time-yarying current which altemates between a high
mode (4-5 amps) and a low mode (0.2-0.4 amps) every
fusion reactions would be expected from
SiX hoUrs.
reactions
if
secondary
MeV-level
the
tritium nuclei
were
created with
kinetic energy.
The very low
neutron
to
Takahasi's calorimeter is an open cell flow calorimeter,
tritium ratios claimed imply a very low triton
energy
where water from a chiller is flowed through a coil inside
(below 10-15 kev), sufficiently low to be inconsistent
the cell, and the power isdetermined from ă knowledge of
with all but the most exotic reaction mechanisms.
the mass flow
rate and the input-output
_temperature
difference.
An advantage of this type
of calorimeter
At Como, Strong presentations of titium production were
design is that it is able to function at near
temperature
when
constant
made by Will,
laytor, Lanza, Szpak. Will has not been
high power
IS
applied
to
the
active in the field during the past year, and did not attend
The temperature was monitored using
the Nagoya conference; Lanza has continued, but was not
teflon coated thermocouples at the inlet, outlet, and cell
able to attend this year, Szpak has continued, but was also
interior, The cell was calibrated before and after the run
not present at Nagoya.
in the initial experiment,
and the calibration lines were
Claytor 38 (whose work impresses
me) described
approximately reproduced.
further
experiments on tritium production in which a
The total input energy for the initial experiment was 250
stack of alternating layers of palladium and silicon is
MJ,
he total output energ.
measured
leading to an excess of 160 MJ.
was
410 MJ,
placed in deuterium gas at over 10 atmospheres, and a
Takahashi's excess
pulsed current is passed through the_stack. keproducible
power
level
claimed was 32 watts averaged over two
tritium production is claimed at levels of 0.02-0.2 nCi/hr
months,
with excursions to 100-130 watts.
The cathode
(1.1 X.
10(6)
11 X
10471 tritim
atoms/second).
volume is 0.625
cm 3).
(0.0706 moles).
so that the
Advances which the LANL, group has made during the
average power density
is 51 watts/cm(3)
and peak
past year includes:
reduction
of background tritium,
160-208 watts/cm(3].
As discussed
improvement in detection sensitivity, improvement in
above, achemical explanation of the effect (barring other
systematic errors) is defeated in less than half an hour at
the high excess power levels.
Attempts at replication had varying degrees of success,
but no one
has been able to reproduce the very high
power levels claimed by Takahashi.
In the reproduction
which Takahashi reported at Nagoya, the excess average
power was 8 watts, with excursions to 15 watts.
Takahashi's method comes with the recommendation that
it is a potentially technically easier expenment than other
experiments which have been reported. It is less exacting
in the rigorous electrochemical purities require compared
to the SRI experiments; the cathodes from Tanaka metals
are readily available to workers in the field, in contrast to
the Johnson-Matthey
cathodes employed by
Pons
and
Pleischmann, The system is in principle relatively cheap
set up;
Takahashi experiment
Mallove (33)
described
a version
of the
which was built up using about
$10K of hardware funds.
Storms at LANL is claiming excess heat from a Tanaka
batch 1 foil, and no heat from a batch 2 foil. (34) The
anomalous power from the first foi was more than 20%
The batch 2 foil suffered an increase in internal volume
L March 1989 clecrochemically
induced nuclear fusion reactions vere
reported, but were initially very difficult
sto reproduce by aL severa s
experiments have demonstrated that
anomalous nuclear processes occur n
palladium which has been highly Loaded
with deuterium,
The application of an electric powe
source generates an applied electric fiel
Within the solution the
deuterons are distabuted mainly agatly
bound to oxygen atoms as heayy water
Full loading appears to be a prerequisite,
but possibly insufticient, requirement
before fusion occurs
on loading, which Storms suggested might be used as an
indicator of whether i cathode was suitable for
heat
experiments. No one has reported a success with a batch
2 foil that I am aware - batch 3 appears to be free of this
problem.
reproducibility at higher tritium generation rates,
and the innovation of working with stacks using
Pa built up from powder. Upper limits on neutron
emission can be
from their work
15
reported at Como of 4 X 10(-9) neutrons/second
the (3) He neutron detector which they have used
(which I saw during a recent visit there) has a
roughly similar efficiency for 14 MeV neutrons
as for 2.45 MeV neutrons (the detector is more
sensitive at 2.45 by a factor of 1.5 according to
Meniove).
Bockris(25) described two tritium experiments at
Nagoya. In one experiment, a reproduction of the
Szpak-Boss experiment described at Como was
attempted. Szpak codeposited Pd on either a Cu
or Ni substraté from PdCI[2] in DIZJO containing
0.3 N LiCI; continued electrolysis resulted in
tritium production. The Pd was observed to plate
out during the first 6-8 hours, and excess tritium
would be detected about 10 hours later.
The
experiment
Bockns
reported
codeposition of
Pd on
gold,
involved
and tritium
production was observed to start as soon as 10
hours after the Pd deposition, and production up
to 3 times background was observed.
This is the
first
successful
confitmation
of
the
Szpak
experiment of which I am aware. Bockris did not
obtain the high degree of reproducibility claimed
by Szpak.
I note that Miles also described (24) attempts to
reproduce the szpak experiment, and reported the
observation of a modest tritium increase, but "not
clearly beyond levels expected for electrolytic
enrichment due to isotopic separation factors.
Much more spectacular are the results reported by
Bockris
Chien's experiments
tritium
production in a Po electrolysis experiment where
massive amounts of tritium (more than 10(15)
atoms) were observed.
This
report is very
significant because it represents a new claim for
very high levels of excess tritium.
Early on, reports of very high levels of tritium
were reported to have been
observed at
Texas
A&M, corresponding to production rates on the
order of 10(10) tritium atoms/cm|3) or higher.
These experiments were clouded by charges of
panel
hired
substantiated), and by the
observation
of high
levels of tritium contamination in Pd claimed by
continued on page 8
power source
solution
D+
DF*
DF
DE
QUANTITY
ANTIC FUEL
electric field—
after
M.
Swartz,
Fusion
Technology, vol. 22, PP 296-300
(9/92)

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 1496, "chars": 9511, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
HAGELSTEIN SUMMARY
Wolf (found by dissolving Pd rods in acid, and then performing scintillation
coponed on a neutralized version of the resulting solution). Similar experiments
by Cedzynska (differing in
distillate of the solution was
analyzed by scintillation counting) failed to show contamination at the high
levels reported by Wolf, and in addition found that false positives could occur
when the solution was not first distilled.
contamination
Wolf, and
experiments were reported in which anomalous tritium production has been
claimed.
Except for experiments reported by BARC, most new claims have
involved tritium production rates many orders of magnitude below those of the
initial claims (the new claims generally ranged from 10(4) - 10(6) tritium
atoms/second.
The significance of the Chien experiments is that the tritium
production rate claimed by Chien (in a post-Wolf experiment) are some of the
irst to approach the very high early (pre-Wolf experimental claims. Much care
was taken to avoid possible contamination:
samples from the same rod were
come scion do a tong i metro decided a ced and d
Chien's earlier experiment was carried out at the Institute of Nuclear Energy
The palladium cathodes used were 1.0 cm in
diameter, and 1-2 cm long; Pt wire wrapped arouno at a distance of 4 mm was
used for the anode. Electrolysis was carned out in heavy water with O. M
LIOD; tritium assay was done with a scintillation cocktail.
high tritium activity were sampled at the time of the experiment (10/89), and
then resampled 10 months later (8/90) in order to observe the tritium decay from
determined, lasting for a total of 20-30 days. The numbers claimed by Bockris at
Nagoya(25) for the Texas A&M version of the experiment correspond to about
10(7}
atoms/sec/cm(2) of surface area, in experiments with a 3-6 cm(2}
Il. V. A. Romodanoy
Nagoya. (39| Romodanovsave an oral presentation
command of the English language was imperfect;
he read from his paper for more than 20 minutes in a thick Russian accent.
Essentially no one with whom I talked understood the point of what he said, and
his abstract did not particularly add to the information content. Given that his
talk occurred in the theory section, and given that his theory appeared to be
largely
classical fusion modified somewhat by lattice effects,
expecting that a major experimental result was buried in his presentation. Two
things about his talk raised flags for me, indicating that I should try to follow up
if possible. One was that he was from Luch, which is the same place Kucherov
is from...and I was very impressed by Kucherov's results. The second thing that
I recall was that there was a table giving some very high tritium numbers; at the
time I thought they were theoretical estimates because they were so large.
Romodanov handed me a preprint(40} which explained in rather clearer English
what was the content of his tälk. I will focus on what I consider to be the single
most important part of his presentation,
importance. Romodanoy described the results of glow discharge experiments
which appear to have been done on a system very similar to that discussed by
Kucherov (see above in this review). Romodanoy and his colleagues focused on
the detection of tritium produced in glow discharge experiments in Pd and in
other metals.
The glow discharge was run in deuterium gas at 100-200 torr, with an applied
range of 40-125 V. and a current of 3-4 A (a wide range of
operating conditions are described in the paper, and the numbers I have chosen
appear on one table - I am not completely certain from the paper that the tritium
generation
was done with these parameters). Various cathode metals were used,
including Y, Mo, Nb, Er, Ta, and W; as disks with a diameter of 13 cm and a
thickness between 500 mu and 1 mm, or rods of 0.5-2 cm diameter, The cathode
temperatures were measured to be between 970 Deg. K and 1670 Deg. K, with
onlý minor (15% or less due to anomalous self-heating effects).
Tritium generation rates between 1015} atoms/second and 1019) atoms/second
were measured in the different metals under various conditions. The largest rate
1.7 X 10(9}) was obtained in No at 1170 Deg
K, corresponding to an increase
i tritium activity in the deuterium gas of 2.3 X 10(4).
was measured in these experiments with a "radiac instrument RUP-1," which
appears to be a scintillator with silver activated Zns dispersed in transparent
plastic (sounds similar to the detector used by Kucherov), and a neutron to
tritium ratio of 1.8 X 10(-7) was obtained.
12. R. Notoya from Hokkaido University brought a light water demo that was
set up and operated in the hallway of the conference (41). The demo consisted of
two cells: in one cell was a resistive heater,
and in the other cell was a nickel
cathode immersed in a light water K[2|COI3] electrolyte, similar to the method
of R. Mills and colleagues. (42) Notoya's method differs from Mill's method in
that (1) the Notoya cathode is made of porous nickel, and the Mills cathode is
plain nickel; and (2) Mills uses an intermittent current, while Notoya uses a
constant current.
The resistive heater was driven at 2.1 Watts electrical *iv* input; the electrolysis
cell was driven so that the joule heating in the cell was also 2.1 Watts. The *iv* input
into the electrolysis cell is
actually higher by about 30%, but since electrolysis is
occurring with a Faradaic efficiency near unity,
the power ending up inside the cell is
matched as long as no recombination occurs in the space above the electrolyte. The live
cell ran higher by about 15
Deg. centigrade than the blank, as could be inspected
visually by observing alcohol thermometers immersed in both cells. Notoya claims that
the light water cell temperature implies a factor of about 3 more net power input, or
roughly 6 watts of heating
present.
This was interesting for a number of reasons. This was the first live demonstration of
excess heat production at a cold fusion conference that 1 am aware of. I have always
hought that live demos would start to show up at conterences and at presentations, but l
had figured that the first ones would be heavy water demos. I thought that it was
significant that Notoya's system works well enough for her to be willing to bring it as a
demo at a major intemational conference.
Many of the
"established" workers in the field who have put in substantial effort on
heavy water Pons-Fleischmann cells and have observed heat simply do not believe that a
heat effect can be observed in light water. Among other arguments that can be heard is
that if the effect is either nuclear or is fusion, it must involve deuterium. Others in the
eld argue that the light Water claims are simply due to sloppy expenmental wor
dependent of the correctness of the various assertions, it is almost humorous to fin
senior members of the coldion community sounding very much like their critics and
tormentors of 1989.
The first reports of heat from light water experiments were actually from Pons and
Fleischmann early on in 1989; when I last spoke with Fleischmann about light water
experiments about a year ago, he was firm in his conviction that it was not possible to
get excess heat from ă light water cell.
R. Mills, whol is the originator of this
ects the notion of cold fusion as due to nuclear eftects completely (in fact, he does i
sh to associate himself with the cold fusion community, and does not consider i
effect to be related in any way to cold fusion), and has developed his own theory as to
why his experiment works; his theory is based on the proposed existence of orbitals of
An expect assumption in the Mili and Farrell theory is that the electronic charg
order for this proposal to be core, guanu need nic must be neat vice ills
believes -- he offers his theory as a replacement for quantum mechanics).
been no observations of such states, and the existence of such states would likely not be
consistent with the observed stability of atoms as atoms.
Reproductions of the Mills experiment have been reported previously
Joninskif 43) published posilive results frot
experiments; Noninski vicws his experiment as a verification of the work
f Fleischmann and Pons, who stat
spital. Mins was parent unicare of positi and ease hear i an el i as alo
Canton. (4) of toya al her laboratory pere it good repeat he more se
(complete with demo) is probably the most significant endorsement of the light water excess heat results standing.
put your fingtr on the tubes Nołoya's demo to convince yoursclI that a very signlicant temperature Gillerence occurs
This was also ciaimed for the Mills experiment, as well as for other experimenis reproducing the Mills resul
urine the conference and afterwards, a virtual firestonm of controversy arose concerning the difference in wires tha
ere attached to the live cell and to the blank. A student of Steve Jones suggested that Since smaller diameter wire
We are preparing the
next issue of this
newsletter.
Would you like to
submit a contribution?
an announcement?
after a few more flashes
in the pan, we shall hear very
little more of Edison or his
electric lamp. Every claima he
makes has
been tested and
proved impracticable."
[New York Times
January 16, 1880]
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
e-mail mica@world.std.com
"Professor Goddard
does
not know the relation of
action to reaction ... he only
seems to lack the knowledge
ladled out daily in cur high
schools
New York Time
anuary 13, 1920

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1550, "chars": 9783, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 8
PETER HAGELSTEIN'S VIEW OF THE 1992
NAGOYA CONFERENCE CONTINUES
temperature.
lotoya's demo was brought to the US and sc
weck of Decomber.
bron tho da and a hald beto ter prso
MIT, the live cell and
resistive blank nr
temperatures.
consistent with
excess
dychy ledy ochuc
power
productlon,
serpeted this to consen narita on the nickel eathedes Alte ter vit saa
retumed to Japtn end set up het demo in a leboratory in Toryo where
was observed.
A
few
days
later, she
at MIT.
anempung lor a sccono ume to demonstrate excosă power эгооистол
During this visit, a temperature excess was seen during electrolysis ofthe
cathode
According to
differential
this
cortesponded
a tod al wer erasre
Subseguently, a persistent excess of about 4 Dee. C was observed, which
she said corresponded to a 30% power excess (the reduction in fractiona!
excess was attributed by Notoya to contamination).
It has been suggested that the
(4)He branch of the *dd*-fusion
raction is somehow favored,
{4)He have
been made. The conventional (4)He branch yields a 24 MęY garuma
is not observed
hest is produced. The reaction
the fielo believe that energy, transier to
titi OCCH
mezsurements
serformed secking
j4)He in the
atter the
TAICTEMC C 1
SSI0 IS
that it is simply not there
quantitatively by many orders of magnitude,
There have
been some
secking (4) He in the gas stream
produced durne c
community on
elecirolysis;
Miles focused
atlention
when he claimed the
observation of (4)He which af is hipaest levels mighs arcount for
Scaramuzzi
Ninno|11,12)
•Jescribed a new sel, calorimeter pras beium deletor
with which they plan to attempt.
ØLICE
H| 1+
acquiring
mesurenens or aneaeuch 23 lescibed abive aas diso ratseu
interest in helium detection.
that there will be a
r wente s by bay bry nese abiat ed orencer st bentl helium
is produced or not
If the pragmatic point of view is adopted that whatever reaction is
A tew hours
agoya would defeat a chemical explanation in tens of minutes, and th
ell răn for toany hours
Lite is known about loading ratios (H/Ni) while heat is produced; no
apparentiy an alkzline intermetailic layer formed which is at least scveral
hundred Angstroms thick which may play a role. Nothing is known abour
in applico cunent dow:
Ives (50-100 mA. and about 1 cml21 geometric aca at MIT: che hig
current levels approach 1 amp).
Noloya obtains her best resurs with cuthodes which have an extremely
high area ratio (rcal arp to geometric areal, and she uses cathodes with
gm/cm(3]).
effect
extremely
sensitive
contamination, especially to oils.
• She observe an incyeae of 20%0 il
calcium concentrition
(near 20 ppm) in the electrolyte,
which she
belieyes may beanomalous.
Pons-Fleischmang
A large number of studies have been reported at the intemationa/
conferences in which the cathode surface has been analyzed for the
presence of trace
to the nature of clectrochemicz
deposition in real systems, quite a long list of surface contaminants are
significant
straghtforward
*ab initio* experimental search.
concentration were at the 1% level, and if the bulk lithium did
not substitute
with lichium
WOrse
in the electrolyte.
The numbers
it the dect ute ott o
• is includco, but not so ond to
probibit e measurement.
very few groups are
currenily pursuing the lithium isotope shift problem;
consider
it to be an
impoñant question, espécially in light of the initial
Johnson-Matthey positíve measurement,
Lie calke lous e semel e eme son o ase ty tae ao
coursc impossibie
e nebrons are fermions.
anu can of course
not participate in stimulated emission.
The Chird timne by, Stella
grabbed me and walked me through his
poster (for which 1 am
chankfol, otherwise I would have missed it).
in essence
consists
taking i
Pons-Fleischmann cell, putting it inside a 40 % efficient neutron
delector underground in the Gran Sasso INFN laboratory, and
directing an incident neutron beam (of about 30 neutrons/sec)
with # substantial thermal component at Lhe cell. Fast (2.45
) utrus
are measured originating frony the cell, and a
about 2 fast neutrons for every incident neutron is
člaimed
After talking to him, I was given to understand that for 30
neutrons/sec input that 60 or more neutrons/sec were meisured
(taking into
account the neutron detector etticiency)
I asked if
the rañio held up at a higher input flux, and he said that they har
done experiments up at 500lsec incident, with the same basic
neutron gain
(but
that their neutron detector suffered from
saturation problems at such a high flux).
Tasked whether the effect was reproducible. Stella said that they
had done two runs (cech run takes about a week to do) so fIr,
and that they hoped to be able to do some more in the near
Illii
I note that a neutron gain of 2 world be 1 very important result.
if true, with rather important implications. I note also that this
repont
of lwo
observations (wlih a modest signai relative to
noise) is the first in
which such an effect has been claimed, ano
lhat no reproductions from cither this group or any otner group
has been made.
emen== end of Part ] (Part II to Follow) ==-e.
as i ubiquitouș universal contaminant Isotope shifts in oxygen we not
uncntly predicted by anyone in the field, and have never been studie
n Pons-Fleischmann experiments to my knowiedgc
Tih Wish i us lani ar possi blads by e lion at te e
workshop in 1989 (Rollison subsequently had to back down from her
chaim
see the proceedings of the Salt Lake City conference). The
ryations described by Kucheroy[ 13-16) and Li
dinese group 17-201 imply isotope shifts in Po and other metal
any event in time any connections between the two
Based on Notoya's work, the evidence in suppon of a light water effect
has improved significantly. The cifect which she observes is so great that
there appears to be no simple explanation for it.
So is there a light water heat cflectl At this point, 1 am not yet sure one
On the plus side: (I) the effect is large, (2)
nuclear given the
excess heat numbers, and (3) can be
reproduced.
On
the minus side (from my point of view): (1) the effect has been studiet
by a relatively small
groups for a telatively short time, (2) the
cifect
(eins aif of heat
be
somewhat
to choice
ot tlecro ytr
have
·a[2]CO|3] and
Rb2 CO131) and to some degice the choice of cathode (positive result:
were reported (471 for Ni, Ag.
, Au and Sn electrodes). The reason which 1
am uncomforable
insensitivity
cathode and
clectrolyte comes from potential difliculties associated with findine д
reactlon mechanism that would show such an insensitivity.
ne expenmentilsts have crown used to the idea that deuteriun eive
nomales and hydrogen does not; the theorists who believe in fusio
mechanisms are
positive effects in deuterium anc
negative
effects
in
,hydrogen.
in
both
camps:
A heht
water heat
effect
causes
it wauld be exceedingly difficult to
reconcile with a fusion mechänism.
The
neutron transfer model which I have been looking at (described
nucleus, and therefore has somewhat fower constraints; neverheless, I do
light water heat effect where the nuclei present are widely different from
one cell to another
An experimental determination (and confinmaton) of
he ashes in any of chese experiments would of course greatly improve
the situation.
suser sult ma eee re lie warr a ville
confirmations
sos-contrations) are reported. I will be sumer when Natoya, who bas
worked on her experiments only since last August, has had more time to
m o coc o o ęcc cc x wd aso ocsurer l
ime after the cold fusion community has had more time to study and te
evalvate the experiment.
to ashes of one sort or atolier, it 1s tot cuneney
energy must give risc
to ashes of one sort or another.
; hot currently known what reactions
ire occurring; consequently. it is
hot obyious
what ashes art to be
excasses in
have been
e ecs power ecie ort pe oute and ier l a ercen
reported in several experiments:
number of tritium
Pons and
Pong asl haen e e en e emem e r e cog
Po erg or mapitd trom whit wod be predced or convental
„predicted for conventional
which is probably on the order of 10(4) tritium atoms per joule; low by
at lenst B'onderi of marnitude.
distributions (assuming
aperimentally if it if in the bulk is judged to be impracica!
'noise" issociated witt
Scarches for such surface
Cackgrund of ine fredred; stch searches for now remain in lie
lo
heat
production
Pons-Fleischmann experiments,
se although if is uaknown whether it
plays any nuclear role,
114
Dr. Peter
Hagelstein
explains his
theory of
"coherent
fusion
reactions"
4/14/89
MIT
Photo by
Doma
Coveney]
During the questions following Thompson's talk, McKubre noted that
the Johnson-Matthey analysis only looked at the surface, and that any
present
reference.
is creeced in the uis
in the bulk. (50) which would imply that it will not
be possible lo establish an internal reference retrospectívely.
he amount of lithium present in a cathode is an interesting questio:
fozzi reported last your the results of studics to determinc Li Joadin
in Pd during elcctrolysis,
, and found the very high number of 5% by
the electrolyte. I questioned him at the
COntET-leC I+-
rescnted SOF some nice posilive resull front his toru
f cells where he monitors for heat, neutrons tritium, helium
think gammı, unfonunately, 1am lacking sufficient documentation ol
Pere ut s one gua toa wit ali pay en dhe pleon e se
preselent ht a
Pepsico ain 12l 3g etman), Lidin some gralins were
ma id by Myamoka el al152.53 ho obain tie miras be were
101-4) and 3 X I0|-3). 1 suspect that the LiPd ratio is
Peter
Hagelstein
teaches
at
the
Electrical
Magiachung sd Compute Scince J. Hic 15
the inventor of two types of x-ray lasers.
deMuL bitepreDems CI
• FICI
significant
Kicia an e sharanie 2 soine stt in litm ml
isotope shift in fithium
lithium

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 302, "chars": 2286, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
COLD FUSION TIMES
Continued from Prof Hageistein's
Paper
(page 9).
References
NATA
• "# Nuero Cieno", 105A 76) 09971.
LE Cuber Frateri
0. laper A role for
The World
A Public Information Utility
Software Tool & Die
1330 Beacon Street
Broo Bine, Massachusetts 02146
office @world.sto.com
617-739-0202
Dial by modem to 617-739-9753 for more
information and I free hour
5S. Y. Trelah "The ND, of the hydrogez metal ayrlem" paper 22-F71-3.
i dad of it piper Appen hydrogen inco rd
No for Many a 6 Kuch .: Era 7702254095 produce rain
60 D. Morrisa, "Irie no cold Marion capt
1L Preparate Theory of ohl funion in dressed palladiu paper 72
4. S. Chubb and T, Chuth, "Lox buad pour fusion" pept 27 P1-7
ruce Cub and T. Cruti, "Joe band race fusion, perprise of the ICCF.
A S Pa 72 P Cor Natud edel and experimental findinpredering
He K To 0. 92. a N. Fried, chair of cold mocken luis
2. a get me Notina Die pilge of sucker fusion
7I. K. Yural, Tractotunion Mochanita" paper 22-P1-30,
7I.K, Yabouchi, "Operate techanic, on cold furios," Paper 21-P1-16,
It. Ci, V. Fedatonick "Nuclear fusica ia the Ecolt" paper 22-P122.
75. K. Futashion A our nacherise for cold farion - ceo-furio" paper 7?
COLD FUSION TIMES
is published quarterly. Annual
rate is $50.00 per year. Single
issues are $16.00.
There is an extra postage charfe pulside North America ol
$$.00 per year,
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts 02181
(617) 239-8383
mica@world.std.com.
al cal reman 442955K. Coen Stars nomiering
mate Mello, resented during the Tanel discusin on the Takshacki
A 10e, Cal lain ties in she trist."
papa: Y24- Alcoal Nice tremona nad Went Lencrazim Proce
15. I. Yars "Dieukrom monel of the cold fonica" paper 22-F9-10.
16.7 i tri, Tard diereim and ace no mision.
EMS. Machin Course effecis: dorical amidstimur, paper
FUSION FACTS
(801 9185-6232
12 issues
single issul year)
5315
Maid a he li te per and 10 29910, Erouion of etium frons
The Memory Location
8 issues
(1 year
$325
single issue
$48
1 year (outabde of 534!
North Ansrica
Retril checks to:
American Nucka
DcicI
10. Box 9771
hicago, IL 6007s-778
708) 352-66ł
Street, Wilmiry, AIA COURT
(617) 237-6846 Voice • (617) 237-9525 Fax
The Store for Amiga Explorers
Special thanksfor assistance goes to
Malcoln Partridge and The Memory Location

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 476, "chars": 4095, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
COLD FUSION TIMES
PUBLIC COLD FUSION
QUOTES FROM THE INTERNET
PATENTS/APPLICATIONS
This sorted list was compiled based upon data
This column will present questions posted by actual skeptics of "cold
provided by Hal Fox of Fusion Facts (Utah).
The
to the c.f. bulletin board on the Internet (sci. physics.fusion). Also
February 93 issue of Fusion Facts discusses these in
more detail.
included are a few answers posted to the same net.
DATE
WHAT'S
89/03/13
89/03/31
89/04/04
89/04/05
89/04/05
89/04/06
89/04/06
89/04/10
89/04/13
NUMBER
iw09010935
[us4986087
|de3910806
19P90276991
LiP90276989
Iw09013129
15p90267495
LjP90276990_1
lep392325
INVENTOR
Pons
Gupta
Q: In sci.physics. fusion [5357, 3/4/93], Dick Blue states:
"As long as there are no ashes to be found,
cold fusion is in doubt."
A: Ashes reported include tritium, charged particles, photon and phonon
emission, and helium-4.
89/04/13
89/04/13
89/04/13
89/04/14
89/04/18
89/04/18
89/04/19
89/04/20
89/04/20
89/04/20
89/04/23
1Jp90271
288
lep392324
lJp90276992
IW09013127
lep394204
1ip90278189
lep393463
[de3913002
Jp90280088
IW0901312B
89/04/26
89/04/27
lep395066
89/04/27
89/04/28
B9/05/01
Hitachi
Hitachi
lagelstein
Jap Steel
Hitachi
SEL Japan)
Mills
Mizugai
SEL (Japan)
Hitachi
Ceranatec
ENEA (Italy)
Tanaka
SEL (Japan)
Dies
Sanyo
EPRI
ridgeston
Matsushita
Ele
Matsushita
Sumi tomo
Cravens
HAPPENIN'
Q: In sci physics.fusion [5385; 3/6/931 Frank Close says:
"You use the word censorship: do you mean that paper(s)
submitted for publication have been rejected by the
editor following peer review or do you mean something
more sinister?
A: Frank, (many of us have submtted papers) but they are either accepted or
rejected.
Papers in this field are rejected because the field is said to "
So since that is not "normal" peer review, what is left in your decision tree?
Q: In sci physics.fusion [5403; 3/7/93; Matt Kennel writes:
A: A good question, Matt, The careful investigators do that two ways.
They
measure the dynamic change over time. Also they do control experiments.
"That
the changes, and control experiments, suggest de novo products leads thinking
individuals to believe a scenario of nuclear fusion ought be considered.
89/05/02
89/05/09
฿9705/09
89/05/09
89/05/10
89/05/12
89/05/12
Siemens-AG
Siemens
AIST
Berlin
Drexler
Tech
Sanyo
89/05/12
89/05/12
89/05/18
89705/19
89705/22
89/05/29
89/05/29
Dresden
Seiko-
•Epson
Sanyo
Seiko-Epson
Seiko-Epson
Seiko-Epson
89/05/31
89/06/02
89/06/05
89/06/05
89/06/05
89/06/06
B9/06/14
89/06/14
89/06/21
89/06/23
89/06/23
89/06/30
89/06/30
89/07/03
89707703
89/07/11
89/07/11
89/07/13
/ jp02287289
IW09014668
iw09014670
ide3916357
|de3915153
1JP90293692
1dd295939
w09013897
1J090302693
1d0293148
1dd293147
(jp90304393
15090306194
ljP90307093
I5090311792
(Jp9031.
13891002
/W09015415
1jp91006490
†Nippon
Light MI
1Jp9107113
|Sanyo Electric|
Ibe1002781
Bogaert
1Ir2647943
Forrat
1 ep402988
Ecoline
IW09016070
Cond,
Ide920312
Siemens-AG
15091025393
Hitachi
1hp91025392
litachi
IW09102360
Schoessow
1jp91033687
Taiyo
Yuden
LiP91035193
Nuc
Fuel
fip91035192
LACIECE
Ifr265465
Shall
tsafr115:242
Sheli
[wo9101037
Schaffer
NAGOYA, Japam 1992 -
THUMBS UP!! FOR
COLD FUSION
CF Historian Eugene
Mallove (right) clearly
makes a point to CF
Archskeptics Douglas
Morrison amd Huizenga
(left and center).
COLD FUSION TIMES
Publisher and Editor-in-Chief: Mitchell Swartz
Subscriptions Editorial information:
P.O. Box 81 135, Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts 02181
(617) 239-8383
Internet address: mica@world.std.com
Contributing Editors: Richard Goldbaum, Peter Hagelstein
Eugene Mallove, Jed Rothwell, Naomi Rothwell
Consultants: Don Towne, Gayle Verner, John Voci, Jayne Yaffe
"In 1875
the
director of the
United States
Patent Office sent
in his resignation
and advised that
his department be
closed. There was
nothing left to
invent, he
claimed."
COLD FUSION TIMES is published quarterly.
Annual subscription rate is $50,00 per year.
Single issues are $16.00.
There is an extra postage charge outside North America of 58.00 per year.
David Louis,
"2201 Fascinating
FACTS",
Greenwich House,
NY (1983)

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 212, "chars": 1482, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'i
COLD FUSION TIMES
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE
pyright "92-93
• JET technology
HAS GONE BEFORE
VOLUME 1 NUMBER 1
SPRING 93
Cold Fusion Slips Away
To the Editor:
•An Idealist's New Task: To Re-
vamp Health Care," your otherwise
excellent Feb. 26 profile of Ira. C.
Magaziner, President Clinton'ş sen-
lor adyiser for policy development,
does, a great disservice to him
in
belittling his prophetic testimony to
Congress on cold fusion in 1989.
• Mr. Magaziner was right in 1989.
As he warned and a Science '
Times
article last Nov. 17 confirms, Japan
has made the quest for cold fusion
commercialization a priority, while
support in the United States lags.
....
The obsolete Department of Ener
gy negative report on cold fusion of
other companies. The Energy De-
: partment spends no money on cold
fusion research, and the Patent Office
- following Energy's line — refuses
to grant patents to scores of inven-
• tórs. Instead, for more than $500 mil-
lion a year the Energy Department
: pursues a doomed quest for commer-
cial hot fusion power in 2050. Cold
fusion applications will emerge. this
decade.
EUGENE F. MALLOVE
Bow, N.H., Feb. 26, 1993
Subscriptions
Editorial
information:
COLD FUSION
IME
.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills,
Massachusetts
02181.
COLD
FUSION
TIMES
is published
quarterly. Annual
rate is $50.00 per
year. Single
sues are $10.0l
nere is an exu
postage charge
outside North
America of $8.00
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts
02181
TO:
