{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T22:13:51Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 812203, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119357-to-dr-steven-greer-from-maurice-campbell-floyd-sweet-october-14-2015.pdf", "source_sha256": "d26761f911d4a7402c0639dbfed5b31a84203d9b17769489979431a738bb83af"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2097, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
-
To: Dr. Steven Greer
Attention:
October 14, 2015
Dear Dr. Greer,
This letter is a follow-up to an email (
I sent to you in
September of 2015. In that email, I mentioned that I had been involved with
Free Energy (1)
beginning in about 1986-
1995. Sparky was known throughout the world for his invention and I and
my two brothers
plus an associate,
were "eye witnesses" to the device and it's operation. Also,
during this time period, we were waiting for 1
(Desert Palms, Calif.)
to design and deliver us a small device (size of cigarette package) that
would power our Magnet Motor for ANY car (Retro-fit) (Inventor Ron
Brandt...60 Ibs generated about 300 hp). After building the device, and,
just a few hours before he was to deliver it to us, Sparky suddenly died. I
believe strongly, he was murdered and did not just die of a heart attack as is
reported in most accounts. As you can read in my 9 page report (more of a
rough draft) that I sent out to over 1500 scientists, inventors, researchers
worldwide who had requested information on what I had seen, people in
"black vans" (claiming they were FBI) showed up within hours of
death and confiscated all our equipment (energy device, medical
inferometers, etc.) and
Widow did not know what to do. We were
only contacted in Salt Lake City hours later when it was too late to do
anything. There is a lot more to the story but that is a brief description of our
great loss. Also, my Brother (the Doctor in my story) told us that they (?)
had put the fastest growing cancer into his brain area and he was dead
within months. Sparky was dead, June 1995, 8 months after my Brother had
died!
As there is so much interest in this kind of technology (Anti-gravity. Free
Energy ...Medical, etc.), I have sent this package of information to you in
the event you may desire to file it away in your library of suppressed Free
Energy Devices. All I know, is I have never been the same since I winessed
Free Energy. There are days when I wished I had never seen it because of
the extreme frustration of knowing that it even exists. And, for the mere cost

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 429, "chars": 2554, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of $200 (
, a device can be built. People don't understand me
when I tell them that money was of no interest to me regarding the
technology when one realizes what it can do for the whole world economy
and medical treatment/healing properties with the inferometers (had 5 noble
gasses inside). Seeing today the environmental problems of the world, and,
economic challenges of society, I have just been more frustrated knowing
what is being suppressed and how close we were to getting it into the
market place! Therefore, I will now give you a quick cursory explanation of
Key Players and info in the Package I'm, sending you.
1) Information on
Land his invention does vary somewhat from
witness to witness. One person said Sparky got his tech info from Dreams,
another said from God.
was in the process of making a device that
needed old vacuum tubes in it's construction. He said if we wanted to know
something regarding high tech, we could use the device to ask our own
questions. We would get answers back in about 3 days. He claimed they
would come as "holograms", and, according to my Electronics Brother
(Ebr), Sparky had a device to translate the holographic language. My
Brother had many years of Crypto with the Air National Guard in Utah and
the SAC Bases across the West and Midwest. He had designed the "Clean
Room" for the President of the US when the President would ever visit Salt
Lake City. Because of my Ebr's association with Free Energy, he was rather
"black balled" (can't prove it) with the Air Force and forced into early
retirement at only a certain portion of his retirement monies. Someone in the
Intelligence sector told my other Brother, who was a Doctor (Dbr.), that my
Ebr. Was being punished for his involvement in the Free Energy field.
2) You will see the exclusive Contract that we had with Sparky before he
was killed and also MIT evidence of his time there. I don't know if some of'
his records have since been destroyed. I heard a rumor they had? Also, I
have included various reports from other individuals re: his technology as it
makes it easier to understand. The Reports do vary somewhat!
3) One report includes the name of
Specialty "0" Point
Energy). What is important to know is that while my Brothers and I were
traveling to Sherman Oaks, California to see Sparky, after each trip we had
to stop at the Eyring Research Institute in Provo, Utah to debrief about 5
Scientists, behind locked doors regarding what we had seen. Moray King
was one of those people (should keep this name confidential). Also, It was

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 424, "chars": 2458, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
my understanding that the other Scientists were "hand-picked" by
to also work on Free Energy at that Institute. Some of these people,
who are now my close friends (L
both now
deceased), have had higher than Top Secret Clearances so they have been in
many Black Projects--Area 51, etc. What people did not know is that "The
Eyring Research Institute" in Provo, Utah, was secretly established to re-
invent the "T. Henry Moray Free Energy Device" that was invented here in
SLC, Utah, but, people did not know that duplicating Free Energy was the
secret goal of the Institute and all their other work (Co-generation of Power,
etc.) was their cover. Hence, this is why we needed to debrief them behind
locked doors after each visit we had with
I believe the reason we
had to consult with them was because
was out of the
Intelligence Department of government and there seemed to be concern
about the Tesla Effect (Tesla Cannon for weapon) of Sparky's Device. Also,
I have included an "old copy" (Dec. 19??) of a newspaper article re: Henry
Moray from the Salt Lake City Tribune. An irony of Moray's Device is that
a business Partner of mine in real estate unknowingly purchased Moray's
old laboratory in Salt Lake City and it cost him $10 million to clean up the
radiation pollution. He did not know anything about Free Energy. Another
irony is that my former wife lived next door to
Her brother
had TWO Down Syndrome children, I have ONE (out of 4) child, and, Dr.
son, also has a Down Syndrome child. More
studies of the effects of Free Energy definitely need to be made.
4) An article in "Extraordinary Science" -Tesla re: our Inventor,
who invented the Magnet Motors and other devices. Ron claimed he was
originally from Alantis and was only here till 2012 when he had to leave?
More is explained about him and his strange life style in my nine page
report!
5) I made a copy of DVD of the energy device with
doing
the narration. I also included an early copy of one of Sparky's first articles
called: "Nothing is Something". There are now better copies on the internet.
Also, if you need additional information on Sparky, you can "google in"
and there are many places to go to!
Keep in mind that what was most important to Sparky was not that his
device was an energy source as much as it was a "Time Machine". After
repeated questions to me, until I got it right, he told me to NI
forget that the most important feature about his equipment was that is was a

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 309, "chars": 1975, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"TIME MACHINE"!!
I apologize for this rather long, rambling note, but, I felt it was necessary in
order for you to understand what I had sent you. My life forever changed
after I witnessed free energy and I was never the same as it relates to life
and knowing the possibilities of a better world if only they (?) would allow
Free Energy to go forward.
Please be aware that all my Graduate Work has been in Political Science
MPA, and I have not been educated or trained in the physical sciences. This
means that some of my observations and discussions may be rather remedial
in explanation. This is both an advantage (I don't need to "unlearn"
anything like my Electronics' Brother) and disadvantage as it can be a very
limiting discussion with some Physicists/Scientists expecting a more
academic detailed analysis. It was especially difficult in changing one's
"mind set" for my Ebr., when
old him that: "he needed to reverse
the conceptualization he was taught about the action of an electron and treat
it like it was a POSITIVE". Therefore, for Sparky's modeling, electrons
were flowing and acting in the OPPOSITE DIRECTION to what was
normally modeled by a trained physicist.
In closing, I will just give you a quick picture of my background so you
know how "far away" from this field of Free Energy" I am. You are free to
use my info for any purpose that may be appropriate for you. I should keep
confidential, however, my Ebr's name as he still believes the Air Force can
do him financial damage on the meager retirement he has!
Partial Resume' of
MPA
Consultant/Staff to Three different State Legislatures (Maryland, Wyoming,
Utah) ... "Legis50 Center for Legislative Improvement" (Kansas City,
Missouri and Denver, Colorado) ...Executive Director of following
Organizations: "Western Wyoming Mental Health Centers" (Jackson Hole,
WY; "Bio Scan Image Processing Laboratory" (Iridology-Retinopathy) Las
Vegas, NV; "Utah Independent Living Center for Severely Disabled"

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
