{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T12:40:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 29, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2764557, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119328-the-new-hydronic-power-plants-ruggero-santilli.pdf", "source_sha256": "66eed91435211fc14a1135193deacc684aa83cfb1e471b498f6fd0d1ade7bc29"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 127, "chars": 1009, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FOR YOUR EYES ONLY
EXTREMELY CONFIDENTIAL
Palm Harbor, Florida, January 20, 2004
THE NEW HADRONIC POWER PLANTS
President
The Institute for Basic Research
TABLE OF CONTENTS
SUMMARY
SECTION 1: INTRODUCTION
1.1: Environmental Problems Caused by Fossil Fuels
1.2: Coal Combustion via Submerged Electric Arcs
1.3. Coal Combustion via the PlasmaArcFlow(TM) Process
1.4: The Three Types of Hadronic Power Plants
1.5: Deceptive Character of Quantum Theories for Submerged Electric Arcs
SECTION 2: HADRONIC POWER PLANTS
2.1: Introduction
2.2: Efficiency of the PlasmaArcFlow Process
2.3: Commercial Efficiency of the Verona Reactor
2.4: Energy Efficiency of the Hadronic Power Plants of Second Type
2.5: Efficiency of Hadronic Power Plants of Third Type
SECTION 3: PROPOSED TESTS AND THEIR PROJECTED COSTS
3.1: Introduction
3.2: Measurement of Efficiency of the Verona Recycler
3.3. Measurement of Efficiency of the Florida Reactor
3.4: Liquefaction of MagneGas
3.5: First Industrial Hadronic Power Plant
REFERENCES
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 410, "chars": 2785, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUMMARY
Available power plants essentially burn coal producing steam that powers a turbine for
the generation of electricity or other uses. Since these plants are no longer
environmentally acceptable due to the release into our atmosphere of excessive toxic
substances, depletion of breathable oxygen and other serious environmental problems, the
author has developed over the past two decades of research new means of power
generation called "Hadronic Power Plants" (patented in U.S.A., international patents
pending) based on the combustion of coal via electric arcs submerged in a properly
selected liquid or liquid waste.
Hadronic Power Plants are environmentally acceptable because they produce two clean
sources of energy: a large amount of heat, and the clean burning MagneGas(TM) fuel.
Self-sufficiency in the production of the electricity used by the are is reached via the use
of heat and part of the MagneGas produced: The remaining MagneGas is used for the
production of green electricity for the grid or other uses. The only remaining byproduct is
given by carbonaceous solid precipitates that are re-used for the production of electrodes.
In this way, Hadronic Power Plants produce no solid, liquid, gaseous, noise or other form
of pollution. Moreover, the combustion of coal by the arc occurs via oxygen originating
from liquids, rather than from our atmosphere as in conventional coal powered plants. As
a result, Hadronic Power Plants allow a significant reduction of the alarming oxygen
depletion already caused by fossil fueled plants.
The understanding of the new Hadronic Power Plants requires the admission that the
main reactions and energy balance in a conventional power plant burning coal via flames
in a furnace and the corresponding chemical reactions and energy balance of the new
Hadronic Power Plants burning coal via an electric are are essentially the same.
Therefore, any doubt about the capability of producing energy via the are combustion of
coal is a denial of the evidence that the combustion of coal produces a large amount of
energy.
The new power plants are called "hadronic" because quantum mechanics, quantum
superconductivity and quantum chemistry imply excessive deviations from experimental
data of submerged electric arcs reviewed below, thus requiring for their quantitative or
otherwise credible treatment the covering "hadronic mechanics," "hadronic
superconductivity" and "hadronic chemistry." The latter new disciplines were developed
during the past two decades thanks to the contribution by a large number of
mathematicians, theoreticians and experimentalists from all developed countries precisely
for the quantitative study of "new" energies, that is, energies that cannot be predicted or
treated via old quantum disciplines.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 311, "chars": 2096, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In this very confidential presentation the author reviews the basic principles of Hadronic
Power Plants, identifies the status of the development in the field, suggests specific
further tests, and provides a projection of their cost.
SECTION 1: INTRODUCTION
1.1: Environmental Problems Caused by Fossil Fuels.
Due to the general lack of detailed information on environmental issues, the
understanding of the need for the new Hadronic Power Plants requires a detailed
knowledge of the real environmental problems caused by fossil fuel combustion.
According to official data of the U. S. Department of Energy, we consume today in our
planet about 4 trillion gallons of gasoline per day (or about fifteen trillion liters of
gasoline per day), plus an essentially similar consumption of coal and natural gas. This
disproportionate consumption of fossil fuels via the traditional processes of the past
century has caused serious environmental problems only some of which are disclosed to
the general public, including:
FIGURE 1: A view of a coal fueled electric power plant
1) The green house effect caused by an alarming increase of CO2 in our atmosphere.
This first environmental problem is known to the general public, although without
technical details. The percentage of CO2 in our atmosphere at sea level in 1950 was
0.033 % = 0.01 % (see, e.g., Encyclopedia Britannia of that period). According to various
measurements, the current CO2 percentage in our atmosphere is 50-100 times that of
1950. Simple chemical calculations presented in detail on the web site [1] establish that
we today release into the atmosphere about 150 thousands metric tons of CO2 per day, of
which only 80,000 tons are estimated to be recycled by plants into breathable oxygen by
the chlorophyll process, while the remaining 70,000 tons of CO2 per day remain
untreated by nature, thus causing the green house effect. Besides for lakes in the North
Pole created by melted ice during summer, 500 deaths in the Southern U.S.A. caused by
tornados in the winter of 2003, some 15,000 deaths in the summer of 2003 in Europe
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 521, "chars": 3554, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
caused by excessive heat, simple computer simulations predict that certain regions will
become un-inhabitable in certain periods of the year because of cataclysmic climactic
elects. CUz detectors are now available in battery operated portable versions of low
cost. To avoid the rather widespread political manipulation of environmental issues,
individuals seriously committed to the environment are suggesting purchasing such a
detector and personally conducting local measurements of CO2 excess in our atmosphere.
2) The permanent removal of breathable oxygen from our atmosphere, called by the
author the "oxygen depletion" [1]. The general public has been kept unaware of the fact
that fossil fuels require oxygen to burn, thus removing breathable oxygen from our
planet. In fact, the "O2" in the excess "CO2" now existing in our atmosphere was
originally breathable oxygen. The oxygen percentage in our atmosphere in 1950 was
20.946%. No measurement of the oxygen depletion caused by fossil fuels has been
officially released by governments from currently available satellite and other detections.
We only have rumors of a global depletion of 3% to 5% breathable oxygen in our
atmosphere. However, simple chemical calculations from the CO2 excess also done in [1]
show that today we remove from our atmosphere an estimated 50 million metric tons of
breathable oxygen per day (the percentage of 02 in the non-recycled CO2 excess). Since
the total volume of oxygen in our atmosphere is known, simple predictions indicate that,
at the currently increasing combustion of fossil fuels, oxygen depletion will cause a
proliferation of heart problems within one decade, the need for oxygen bottles for any
human activity within three decades, and the eventual extinction of the human race within
one century. Most people, including most environmentalists, often forget that we need
oxygen to live. O2 detectors are also available in battery operated portable versions at
low cost. Individuals seriously committed to the environment, as well as to their own
health, are suggested to purchase such a detector and personally conduct local
measurements of 02 deficiency in our atmosphere.
3) Excessive release of carcinogenic substances in the combustion exhaust.
Other information carefully suppressed to the general public is that fossil fuel exhaust is
the biggest source of cancer on Earth today, since said exhaust is highly carcinogenic and
is inhaled by all of us every day in amounts that are at least 10,000 times bigger than
toxic substances ingested in food. The name "atmospheric pollution," "hydrocarbons"
and other names used for the combustion exhaust of fossil fuels are offensive, since they
are synonyms for highly carcinogenic and toxic substances. Simple calculations done in
[I] establish that we release in our atmosphere about 30 million metric tons of
carcinogenic and toxic substances per day. These substances, being mostly stable gases,
constitute an increasing permanent health problem for us, let alone for our children and
grandchildren. Individuals seriously committed to the environment are suggested to
secure chemical analyses of fossil fuel combustion exhaust available on various web
sites, and submit them to their medical doctors for identification of their carcinogenic
content. For example, the origin of the recent large proliferations of breast cancer has
been identified not only in gasoline exhaust, but actually in breast cells that are
particularly receptive to specific components of gasoline combustion exhaust.
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 3330, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
As an additional part of the widespread misinformation existing about environmental
issues, it is generally believed that the combustion of natural gas alleviates the above
environmental problems. With the understanding that the combustion of natural gas is
better than that of coal or heavy oils, this belief is generally false. It is true that the
"flame" of natural gas is cleaner than that of gasoline. However, gasoline is a liquid while
natural gas is a gas. Therefore, gasoline is about 1,500 times denser than natural gas.
When natural gas and gasoline are compared via "measurements" (rather than pep talks)
for the "same performance under the same conditions" (rather than via political
comparison of flames), natural gas results in being much more polluting than gasoline
because it implies much bigger releases of CO2 and toxic substances and a bigger oxygen
depletion (see the comparative "measurements" of natural gas-gasoline done by an EPA
accredited laboratory in Ref. [2]).
The climax of misinformation to the public is reached with hydrogen because it is
claimed to resolve all environmental problems caused by fossil fuel combustion on
grounds that the hydrogen combustion exhaust is solely composed of water vapor H2O. It
is true that hydrogen is environmentally acceptable under the following conditions: 1)
Hydrogen is produced via the electrolytic separation of water; 2) Oxygen produced in this
way is freely released in the atmosphere to avoid oxygen depletion; and 3) The used
electricity is of clean renewable type such as wind, solar or hydric nature.
However, in reality the use of hydrogen causes very alarming oxygen depletion because
all oxygen produced via electrolytic processes is sold and certainly not freely released in
the atmosphere, while no governmental regulation of this aspect so vital for humanity is
even under consideration at this time by any government on Earth. Under these
conditions, the combustion of hydrogen implies very alarming oxygen depletion because
the "O" in the water vapor "H2O" of hydrogen combustion exhaust was originally
breathable oxygen permanently turned into water. By comparison, gasoline combustion
produces CO2 that is at least partially recycled by plants into breathable oxygen, for
which reason we are still alive today despite the disproportional combustion of fossil
fuels. It is known by technicians that, in the event all cars on Earth were fueled by
hydrogen as currently produced, life will be terminated because of lack of oxygen to
breathe.
In the absence of new clean power plants, large scale production of hydrogen will
mandate the use of fossil fueled electric plants. Since electrolysis and other hydrogen
production processes are highly inefficient, the environmental problems 1), 2) and 3)
above caused by the production of hydrogen will be bigger than the direct combustion of
gasoline (for more details, see the home page of [3]).
Other solutions currently under consideration for the solution of the above environmental
problems must be dismissed for various reasons. For instance:
A) After spending hundreds of billions of dollars in public funds, the "hot fusion" has
been proved to have no industrial value because of the excessive temperatures causing
uncontrollable instabilities at the initiation of the fusions themselves;
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 494, "chars": 3226, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
B) After spending additional large sums (this time, of essentially private origin), the
"cold fusion" has proved the capability to synthesize nuclei in our laboratories on Earth.
However, the cold fusion must also be dismissed as an industrially viable source of clean
energy because of the excessively low energy gains. The reason is essentially opposite to
the failure of the hot fusion, namely, the insufficiency of the temperature to expose
nuclei, in which case no systematic nuclear fusion is possible because it is prohibited by
the atomic electron clouds shielding the nuclei.
C) Other attempts, such as those seeking to utilize the "zero-point energy" are faced
with very serious theoretical, yet unsolved problems (such as the general violation of the
principle of conservation of energy), to prevent serious industrial consideration at this
time. It is true that empty space is the biggest reservoir of energy known to mankind.
However, we know at thus moment of no mechanism capable of extracting energy from
empty space. Until such a mechanism is first identified, efforts based on using
unreachable energies cannot be part of serious planning for the solution of serious
environmental problems.
The above extremely un-reassuring scenario establishes beyond any possible doubt the
need to develop new clean sources of power. In this respect we should denounce the
rather general posture of sitting and waiting for others to resolve the problems.
Environmental problems invest all of society. Their solution can only result from a
collegial effort based on the failure of all existing attempts outlined above; it is also easy
to predict that no solution is conceivably possible without adequate funding of qualified
research on basically NEW processes and methods.
1.2: Coal Combustion via Submerged Electric Ares
After searching for decades, new clean sources of power are industrially relevant now
with available technologies, the author selected the combustion of carbon via electric arcs
submerged within oxygen rich liquids, such as water or water-base liquid wastes. The
selection was based on a number of reasons that can be outlined as follows:
The energy produced by the combustion of coal in a furnace essentially originates from
the combination of carbon and atmospheric oxygen into CO. This chemical reaction is
esoenergetic, by releasing 255 Kcal/mole. In turn, CO is combustible and produces CO2
(a natural byproduct of fossil fuel combustion jointly with CO) with an additional 84
Kcal/mole. The release of carcinogenic and other toxic substances are due to the poor and
incomplete combustion of coal (in fact, the HC are precisely unburned debris of coal).
The oxygen depletion is caused by the fact that the oxygen needed for the combustion
originates from our atmosphere.
By comparison, submerged electric arcs decompose the water molecule in its atomic
constituents, vaporize and ionize the same, while jointly vaporizing and ionizing the
carbon electrodes, by forming plasma at about 10,000 degrees F of mostly ionized atoms
of H, C and O. In a stationary arc, C and O combine exactly as for the combustion of
coal, by equally releasing 255 Kcal/mole. Moreover, the presence of CO within the
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 517, "chars": 3260, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
electric are and oxygen produces CO2 with the additional release of 84 Kcal/mole also as
for the combustion of coal in a furnace. In addition, H and H recombine to produce H2
with the release of 105 Kcal/mole not occurring in the combustion of coal in a furnace.
Finally, H and O partially recombine into H2O with the release of additional 57
Kcal/mole that are also absent in the combustion of coal in a furnace. In summary, the
chemical reactions in the plasma of carbon electrodes produce 112 Kcal/mole MORE
than the combustion of coal in a furnace.
The resulting products are the following: firstly, there is the production of a large amount
of heat acquired by the liquid that can be used via heat exchangers; secondly, there is the
production of a clean burning combustible gas that bubbles to the surface of the liquid for
collection and use; thirdly, there is the release of carbonaceous precipitates that can be
collected via filtering of the liquid and used for the production of electrodes.
The first point important for this presentation is that the overall energy balance by the
combustion of coal with an electric arc is bigger than that of the combustion of the same
coal in a furnace. This is due to the fact that the energy released by the submerged
electric arc is a multiple of the electric energy used by the arc itself. In turn, this
occurrence is due to the fact that in an open arc submerged in water the electric resistance
is very high and of the order of 100 Ohms (evidently because pure water is an excellent
electric insulator). As soon as the are is closed and becomes stationary, the resistance
drops down to fractional Ohms depending on water impurities and other factors. This
establishes that water under a DC electric arc becomes the best known (but generally
ignored) superconductor, since it requires minimal electric energy for its maintenance, as
documented below.
Additional reasons for the bigger energy release are due to the very inefficient nature of
the combustion of coal in a furnace compared to the arc combustion. In fact, the very
polluting character of conventional coal combustions is a direct measure of the
inefficiency of the combustion itself. By comparison, are combustion of coal is more
efficient and, consequently, releases more energy. Also, conventional coal combustions
release large percentages of coal debris in the exhaust, while are combustion of coal
releases no carbon in the atmosphere, since carbonaceous precipitates in the liquid are
filtered and used for electrode production.
Moreover, submerged electric arcs between coal electrodes have the following
environmental advantages: the combustion of coal does not cause oxygen depletion
because oxygen originates from liquids and not from our atmosphere; said combustion
does not produce any carcinogenic or other toxic substances at all, because the produced
combustible gas cannot possibly contain any HC since it is formed at the 10,000 degrees
F of the electric arc.
The above occurrences establish the main principle of this presentation, namely, that the
combustion of coal via an electric are can indeed generate power in addition to that
needed for its own operation. The only debatable issue is the selection of the appropriate
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1576, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
technological realization of a power plant operating with submerged electric arc, and the
availability of the necessary funds for its development.
1.3: Coal Combustion via the PlasmaArcFlow(TM) Process
Submerged electric arcs as well as the combustible character of the gas they produce have
been known for about 150 years. In fact, sailors discovered in the middle of the 19-th
century that the gas bubbling to the surface from undersea welding is combustible.
Despite that, no industrial or environmental maturity was reached by the conventional
submerged are technology for the following reasons.
Linear Recycler
Gas
nut
Liquid
In
-
Water
• Out
FIGURE: A schematic view of the PlasmaArcFlow Process
While the electric arc is, by far, the most effective known process to separate water, a
stationary electric are has a very low efficiency because most of the H and O obtained
from water separation recombine into H2O via an implosion, which recombination is the
origin of the beautiful glow of underwater electric arcs. Various measurements indicate
that the energy produced via a conventional submerged electric are is in effect marginal.
The process is also not acceptable from an environmental profile because, even though
the process implies an important reduction of oxygen depletion and the elimination of
toxic releases in the atmosphere, a stationary electric are produces a gas with up to 15%
CO2 content "before" its combustion, with up to 23% CO2 in the combustion exhaust.
Since CO2 is the origin of the green house effect, such a high CO2 content renders the
8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 474, "chars": 3143, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
gas environmentally unacceptable. In view of these and other insufficiencies, the author
developed a "new process" based on submerged electric arc, known today as "Santilli
PlasmaArcFlow(TM) Process" (patented in the U.S.A., international patents pending),
and based on the flowing of the liquid feedstock through the electric are by therefore
continuously removing the plasma from the tip of the electrodes immediately following
its creation. The gas produced with the PlasmaArcFlow Process is chemically different
from that produced by a stationary arc, and has been called "MagneGas(TM)" because of
certain magnetic polarizations outlined on the web site [3].
This new PlasmaArcFlow Process significantly reduces the recombination of H and O
into H2O, with consequential increase of the energy efficiency. At the same time, the
PlasmaArcFlow Process prevents the CO from burning into CO2 by essentially
eliminating the CO2 content in the gas itself.
Other advantages of the PlasmaArcFlow Process are due to the lack of creation of the
conventional CO (the one with triple valence bonds), in favor of single bonded C-O and
double bonded C=O. The latter are notoriously unstable and decompose during
combustion, rather than producing CO2, thus permitting the release of a large percentage
of breathable oxygen in the exhaust, while decreasing its CO2 content.
Various measurements have established the increase of energy efficiency by a significant
numerical factor in the transition from a stationary submerged electric are as the same
treated with the PlasmaArFlow Process. Similarly, the presence of CO2 in the gas
produced is a direct measure of the insufficient flow. For these and other aspects, we
refer the reader to the web site [3].
It should be indicated that the above outline refers to PlasmaArcFlow processes based on
a DC electric arc. Significant increases of the efficiency are possible for other arc
processes that cannot be disclosed at this time because it is being developed.
1.4: The Three Types of Hadronic Power Plants
MagneGas fuel does indeed provide a solution to the serious environmental problems
outlined in Section 1.1. In fact, MagneGas combustion exhaust is composed of 50%
water vapor; 14%-18% breathable oxygen; 5%-7% CO2; the rest is given by atmospheric
gases without toxic substances. Note that the small percentage of CO2 is tolerable and,
because it is small, it can also be removed via CO2 absorbing sponges in the exhaust.
Also, MagneGas is cost competitive with respect to fossil fuels if produced in sufficient
volume, and can be used by any existing internal combustion engine.
By far the most profitable part of the MagneGas Technology is the production of
hydrogen via its separation from MagneGas: In fact, industrial-grade hydrogen sells
today in the USA at about 50 times the cost of natural gas energy equivalent (H2 sells at
$0.15/scf with 300 BTU/scf while C-H4 sells at $0.01/scf with 1,000 BTU/scf), with
bigger selling prices occurring for pure hydrogen as needed for fuel cells. Since hydrogen
is contained in MagneGas in a mixture that can be easily separated via molecular sieving
9

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 485, "chars": 3177, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
!
processes with minimal cost, the MagneGas Technology is the only one known today
permitting a dramatic reduction of hydrogen production costs with large profits.
Also, PlasmaArcFlow Reactors are at least 10 times more efficient than electrolysis and
other hydrogen production methods, thus implying a major reduction of the pollution
caused by hydrogen production. Finally, the MagneGas Technology is based on the
principle of using it for combustion oxygen of liquid (rather than of atmospheric) origin.
In fact, the combustion exhaust of the gas remaining from the separation of hydrogen
from MagneGas is extremely rich in oxygen. Therefore, the production of hydrogen from
MagneGas does indeed alleviate the biggest environmental problem of the emerging new
hydrogen era, oxygen depletion.
The MagneGas Technology has now reached industrial maturity for large profits via the
recycling of liquid waste and the production and sale of MagneGas, hydrogen and other
specialty fuels, or the sale of the green electricity they produce.
Despite the large efficiency of PlasmaArcFlow Reactors that operate at a fraction of the
electric energy used by other fuel technologies, such as electrolysis, the MagneGas
Technology remains dependent on the use of electricity. Therefore, a primary societal
need is the development of new clean source of electricity.
This important societal need can indeed be fulfilled by the MagneGas Technology due to
the large efficiency of its PlasmaArcFlow Recyclers that, depending on proper funding to
complete the development, can indeed produce all the electricity needed to operate their
arcs, and produce additional MagneGas for the clean production of electricity to be
released in the grid. As a matter of fact, this new source of electricity can be achieved via
three progressive reactors as outlined below.
The HADRONIC POWER PLANTS OF FIRST TYPE are here defined as those based
on the use of electric arcs for the combustion of coal electrodes via the sole use of the
PlasmaArcHlow Process operated at suitable power, pressures and temperatures. As
discussed in Sections 2 and 3, this first type of Hadronic Power Plant is indeed capable of
self-sufficient production of power via a DC electric arc, with increased power output for
the above indicated new arc processes currently under development.
The fuel produced by a submerged electric are is at the gaseous state. A general chemical
law establishes that all combustible gases can be turned into a liquid form via a catalytic
(rather than a cryogenic) process occurring via the exposure of the gas to a number of
catalysts (varying from gas to gas), the exposure occurring at pressure generally of 250
psi or 15 bars. The process was discovered by Germans during WWII and it is done via
Fisher-Trops Catalytic Towers.
Basic tests have established that MagneGas can also be liquefied catalytically, the sole
issue open for industrial liquefaction being the selection of the best catalysts for optimal
liquefaction. The implied transition of state from gas to liquid "releases" large amounts of
heat that can be added to the heat produced by the electric are for the completely self-
10

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 416, "chars": 2841, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sufficient generation of power, as described in detail in the third patent of the MagneGas
Technology, Ref. [4].
It should be noted that PlasmaArFlow can well operate at the pressures needed by
Fisher-Trophy towers without any compression. Therefore, the catalytic liquefaction
towers of MagneGas merely are additional stations that can be added to or integrated with
the reactors.
The HADRONIC POWER PLANTS OF THE SECOND TYPE are here defined as those
based on the self-generation of the electricity used by the are via the heat produced by the
PlasmaArcFlow Process, plus the heat produced by the catalytic liquefaction of
MagneGas, while the resulting liquid fuel, called "MagneLiquidTM," is used for the
production of usable electricity or other applications.
Note that the U. S. Patent Office did indeed grant a patent on the self-sufficient
generation of power because of the large amount of heat produced by the arc and the
catalytic liquefaction.
Despite the achievement of self-sufficiency in the generation of clean power with the
above two processes, the true reasons for the selection by the author of the submerged
electric arc, here disclosed for the first time, are the following:
Chemical analyses of air bubbles trapped in amber have established that about 100
million years ago our atmosphere had only 40% of nitrogen. Similar measurements have
also established that the increase of nitrogen in our atmosphere has been gradual, thus
excluding a collision of Earth with a nitrogen rich comet or astrophysical body, assuming
that such a body exists. Similarly, volcanic eruptions have been excluded because it is not
emitting nitrogen in such a quantity as to explain the doubling of the percentage of
nitrogen in our planet in about 100 million years.
The above occurrence establishes the existence in our atmosphere of a process that
slowly synthesizes nitrogen. After considerable study, the author has proved that nitrogen
is synthesized by lightning from carbon and hydrogen according to reaction
(1) C(6,12) + 2H(1,1) => O(8,14) => N(7,14) + positron + antineutrino
where O(8,14) is notoriously very unstable and decays in the indicated mode (see nuclear
tables). Other syntheses are also possible, but are here ignored for simplicity. Therefore,
nitrogen is synthesized any time lightning hits a carbon-base substance such as
vegetation, since hydrogen is automatically produced by lightning in the separation of
atmospheric vapor and is available everywhere along the discharge.
Independently from the above, it is today known that the extreme amount of energy
needed for a scientific (that is, numerical) representation of thunder simply cannot be
explained via conventional chemical reactions caused by lightning, because of the very
small sectional area of lightning combined with its extremely short duration.
11

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 314, "chars": 2010, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Studies conducted by the author have reached the first known numerical representation of
thunder as being caused by the very large energies released by nuclear syntheses such as
(1). Simple calculations show that the synthesis of nitrogen with the efficiency of
1/10,000,000,000,000 atoms is sufficient to generate 1,000,000 Joules of energy. This
origin of thunder is confirmed also by other factors, such as the fact that thunder becomes
smaller when lightning occurs in between clouds without contact with carbon rich
substances, in which case nuclear synthesis (1) does not occur, and we have other
syntheses with smaller probability.
The author selected the submerged electric arc for a new generation of clean power plants
because the submerged electric are is the best form of "controlled lightning," as well as
for the fact that the efficiency in nuclear syntheses is proportional to the density of the
medium in which the are occurs. In this way, the increase of the density of the medium in
which the submerged electric arc occurs can compensate for the inability to reach arcs
with millions of volts.
FIGUREA: A view of lightning.
The HADRONIC POWER PLANTS OF THIRD TYPE are here defined as those in
which the primary source of energy is given by the nuclear syntheses permitted by the
arc, the combustible gas produced being a secondary source. The reader is certainly
aware of the fact that this third type of Hadronic Power Plants, if properly developed, can
lead to virtually unlimited amounts of clean energy because, as indicated in Section 2,
systematic studies of the nuclear syntheses permitted by submerged arcs have established
other syntheses besides (1) being mostly dependent on the selected liquid feedstock and
other factors.
Due to the "fission" of large and heavy nuclei, nuclear power plants are not
environmentally acceptable because of the release of highly radioactive waste, as well as
dangerous radiations. By comparison, since they are based on the "synthesis" of light,
12

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 301, "chars": 2063, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
natural, and stable element such as nitrogen, Hadronic Power Plants of the Third Type are
environmentally acceptable because they do not release any harmful radiation and do not
leave any harmful waste.
Immediately following the detection of nuclear syntheses, the author ordered extensive
measurements of possible radiations released by the PlasmaArcFlow Reactors that were
conducted by the Florida Radiation Association. Their certification of complete absence
of radiation reproduced in [3]. At any rate, no radiation is possible by synthesis (1) since
the sole radiation is given by electrons and photons that are trapped by the liquid itself,
besides from the innocuous neutrinos (assuming that they exist - see [7] for technical
reasons of doubt).
RADIATION PROTECTION ASSOCIATES
INDUSTRIAL APPEICA TON DIVISION
Be From is Strail Last Nose sex?
RADIOLOGICAL HIDALTH PHYSICS CERTIFICATION
Confer ta Khar
our set pril ta l
Nesters Arch
machetty
Ratological Suricy Dettils as Follows;
Steer Times ny
критика
Moda Mean
Milan Deal
Aril Maran LSE
vel 200 Ampercs- Her uf radiation
FIGURE: A view of the certification that PlasmaArcFlow Recyclers
Release no radiation of any type.
1.5: Deceptive Character of Quantum Theories for Submerged Electric Arcs.
The topic of this presentation cannot be disclosed to academia because experimental
evidence on submerged electric ares disproves quantum theories to such a degree that it
cannot be accommodated via the usual addition of unknown parameter and similar
manipulation to fix deviations. The huge financial, academic and other organized
interests in quantum theories request the absolute silence about the topic of this
presentation to academia due to its easily predictable unethical use of any means to
discredit, jeopardize or disrupt the research irrespective of its societal values. Some of the
deviations can be summarized as follows:
1) As it is well known, quantum mechanics and chemistry predict that the combustible
gas produced by an electric arc between carbon-base electrodes submerged in ordinary
13

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 482, "chars": 3305, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
water is composed of 50% (in volume) H2 and 50% CO. But CO is combustible and
produces CO2. Therefore, in the event the above belief were true, the combustion exhaust
of said gas should contain about 40% CO2. Measurements have established that the CO2
content of the combustion exhaust can be as low as 5%, thus establishing a ten-fold error
under which any use of quantum mechanics and chemistry is a scientific fraud.
2) As recalled above, the formation of CO is extremely esoenergetic, by releasing 255
Kcal/mole. Calculations done by Russian chemists, and reported in Section 7.10 of
monograph [5], have established the prediction by quantum mechanics and chemistry that
the production of one standard cubic foot (scf) of MagneGas should be joined with the
production of 2,250 British Thermal Units (BTU) of heat acquired by the liquid when
operated at atmospheric pressure. Actual measurements have instead established that we
have the production of about 250 BTU/scf, thus implying a ten-fold error, under which
the use of quantum mechanics and chemistry constitutes a scientific fraud. Note that the
latter error is indirect, thus being fully compatible with, and actually confirming the
preceding discrepancy that is in excess. In fact, MagneGas contains about 5% of CO and
not 50%.
3) Quantum mechanics and chemistry predict that the combustion exhaust of a gas
produced from a submerged arc within pure water is solely composed of water vapor
(from the combustion of hydrogen), CO2 (from the combustion of CO) and the rest is
given by atmospheric gases without appreciable oxygen. Measurements establish instead
that the combustion exhaust of MagneGas contains up to 18% of breathable oxygen, thus
implying an error of such a magnitude under which the use of quantum mechanics and
chemistry constitutes a scientific fraud.
4) Quantum mechanics and chemistry predict that the hydrogen contained in the
combustible gas produced from an underwater electric arc has the conventional molecular
structure with a valence bond H2 = H-H, with standard specific weight of 2.016 atomic
mass units (amu). Measurements have instead established that the hydrogen separated
from said gas has a multiple of the specific weight of H2 [6], under which conditions any
use of quantum mechanics and chemistry is a scientific fraud. In fact, this evidence
permitted the discovery of the first new chemical species not based on valance called
"MagneCules" since the identification of molecules by Avogadro, Canizzaro and others
in the 18-th century.
5) Quantum mechanics and chemistry absolutely prohibit nuclear syntheses of type (1)
caused by lightning (because they are only admitted under the extreme pressures and
temperature in the core of stars). Measurements have established the existence of
nitrogen in MagneGas in a large multiple of the very small percentage of atmospheric
nitrogen occluded in liquids, under which conditions any use of quantum mechanics and
chemistry for the study of nuclear syntheses of type (1) constitutes a scientific fraud.
The resolution of the above large deviations is the origin of the construction of hadronic
mechanics, hadronic superconductivity and hadronic chemistry (see monograph [5] for a
post Ph. D. level presentation and web site [7] for.a non-technical review).
14

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 461, "chars": 3074, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientists, business people and politicians interested in the environment are discouraged
from using or suggesting the use of quantum theories in the study of submerged electric
arc technologies to avoid a clear waste of money, let alone a proliferation of
misinformation. At any rate the author wants to have no relationship with such studies
due to the implied unethical misconduct.
The impossibility of using quantum theories for submerged arc technologies and the need
for suitable covering theories is beyond credible or otherwise scientific doubt. The only
debatable issue is the selection of the appropriate generalization of quantum theories, but
not the need for such a generalization.
The author uses hadronic theories for the study of submerged electric arcs because they
are the ONLY ones available at this writing that have been verified by a large number of
experimental evidence in various fields, they are the ONLY ones that have resolved
inconsistencies 1) to 5) above; and they are the ONLY ones possessing the same
invariance of the numerical predictions as quantum theories [5, 7].
At any rate, the basic equations of hadronic theories have been proved to be "directly
universal," in the sense of including as particular cases "all" possible generalizations of
quantum equations ("universality"), directly in the coordinates of the experimenter
without any need for transformation theory ("direct universality"). As a result, the author
does not intend to be part of a study of other generalizations of quantum theories.
Note that in the material released to the public [1, 2, 3 ] there is no indication of the
intrinsic self-sufficiency of the PlasmaArcFlow Process. This is due to the decay of the
scientific community in which new advances are generally dismissed as fraud without
any prior inspection or verification.
In view of this well known ethical decay, the U. S. military were forced in the 1970s to
terminate the funding of all academic research and conduct research in their own
laboratories. Today, the research conducted at military laboratories, such as Sandia Labs,
is immensely more advanced than the research conducted at MIT, Harvard, Princeton,
Berkeley and similar places around the world. In fact, academia has produced absolutely
no truly "new" discovery in the last 50 years because of the totalitarian control of the
research by pre-existing pet theories, while the discoveries by military laboratories are
due to the lack of such political control with consequential results simply beyond our
imagination.
Following the military example, U.S. corporațions now avoid any disclosure of basic
advances to academia, as an evident necessary condition to avoid damage caused by
irresponsible behavior by vociferous academicians in a posture of scientific power and
credibility. Academia anywhere in the world must be kept outside any participation in
research outlined in this presentation, as a necessary condition for its very conduction and
survival. The reader should be made aware that, in the event of any disclosure of the
15

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 206, "chars": 1380, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
in
content of this presentation to any member of academia, the author shall terminate any
further collaboration.
SECTION 2: HADRONIC POWER PLANTS
2.1: Introduction
The scope of this presentation is to illustrate the existence of a hierarchy of new, clean,
self-sufficient power plants, to propose further developments, and to identify the related
costs.
Within such an objective, it is important to identify first the self-sufficiency of Hadronic
Power Plants of the First Type, those without any catalytic liquefaction or nuclear
syntheses. Once the self-sufficiency is established at that level, it can only improve at the
subsequent levels. In turn, the understanding of the efficiency of said first type requires
knowledge of the efficiency of the underlying reactors and how it can be maximized.
FIGURE: A view of the 50 KWH Verona Reactor
Therefore, we shall show that the capability of self-sufficient production of clean power
already exists for the Hadronic Power Plants of the First Type, and can be established via
• measurements with the existing PlasmaArcFlow Recyclers, such as the 50 KWH
Recycler available in Verona Italy, the 100 KWH industrial recycler available in Florida,
or the research recycler available in Kazakhstan, provided that sufficient funds are
available for the purchase of the necessary meters and the payment of the related
operating costs.
16

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 211, "chars": 1380, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Once the self-sufficient production of clean energy is established via measurements for
Hadronic Power Plants of the First Type, investments for the developments of the
corresponding power plants of the Second and Third Type have minimal risk (of course,
under sufficient development funds) since catalytic liquefaction and nuclear syntheses
merely increase the self-sufficiency and the energy output.
2.2: Efficiency of the PlasmaArcFlow Process
The "Scientific Energy Efficiency" (SEE) of the PlasmaArcFlow Reactors is defined by
(2) SEE = Energy Out / Energy In < 1,
and it is always smaller than one because of the conservation of the energy and the
unavoidable losses. The energy out is given by heat and MagneGas, while the energy in
is given by the electric energy used by the are plus the energy in carbon. We, therefore,
have:
(3) SEE = [Heat Energy + MagneGas Energy] / [Electr. Energy + Carbon Energy] < 1.
The electrodes are made of coal and not graphite, because graphite is needed for accurate
welding while the use of coal in the reactors produces MagneGas with bigger energy
content. Also, coal is quite inexpensive and its cost is generally compensated for by the
income from the recycling of liquid wastes. As such, carbon is generally ignored in the
industrial applications of the technology. Also, as indicated earlier, for a submerged
electric arc we have
17

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 181, "chars": 1189, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(4) Carbon Energy >> Electr. Energy.
The above aspects imply the following "Commercial Energy Efficiency" (CEE):
(5) CEE = [Energy in Heat + Energy in MagneGas] / [Electr. Energy] >> 1.
FIGURE: A view of the research PlasmaArcFlow Recycler in Kazakhstan
It should be stressed that energy cannot be created from nothing, as it is hoped for the
"zero point energy" and other attempts. Therefore, the above "over-unit" is purely
"commercial" and it is merely due to the cheap cost of coal permitting its removal in the
denominator of the scientific energy efficiency (3). The definition of the energy
efficiency of hadronic reactors requires numerous additional terms, but they are too
technical for this introductory presentation.
It is important to know that the above commercial energy efficiency is not constant and it
can be increased as follows:
1) The Commercial Energy Efficiency increases with the increase of the operating
pressure. This is due to the fact that at atmospheric pressure, the electric arc mostly
occurs within the produced gas, and only a small part occurs within the liquid. With the
increase of the pressure the bubbles of gas surrounding the arc decrease, with
18

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 469, "chars": 2992, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
consequential increase of the travel of the arc through the liquid. It then follows that the
increase of pressure implies an increase of the Commercial Energy Efficiency. This
increase has been established by measurements, although the general, dependence has not
been plotted to date, and the efficiency at very high pressures is vastly unknown. Note
that the increase is nonlinear in the sense that the doubling of the pressure does not imply
the doubling of the efficiency but only its increase of the order of 5%-10% depending on
other aspects.
2) The Commercial Energy Efficiency increases with the increase of the power. This
is due to the fact that the volume of gas produced is directly proportional to the gap
between the electrodes, the longer the gap, the bigger the volume of produced gas. In air
such a gap can be large, but for a submerged electric are the only possibility of increasing
the are gap is via the increase of the power, since the liquid medium is an insulator.
Again, the increase is nonlinear in the sense that the doubling of the power does not
imply the doubling of the efficiency, but certainly implies increases of another 5% to
10%.
3) The Commercial Energy Efficiency increases with the increase of the operating
temperature. This is due to the fact that the greatest portion of the electric energy is used
for the evaporation of the water. It is then evident that the higher the temperature, the
bigger is the amount of electric energy used for water separation (rather than water
evaporation), resulting in an increase of efficiency that is again nonlinear in the sense
indicated above.
4) The Commercial Energy Efficiency generally increases with the increase of the
carbon content of the selected liquid feedstock, and it is in fact maximal for oil-base
liquids.
5) The Commercial Energy Efficiency also increases under the appropriate selection
of additives intended to increase the thermal energy release of the chemical reactions in
the arc plasma.
The Commercial Energy Efficiency of hadronic recyclers also increases with other
factors, the biggest increases being permitted by the new arc processes under
development at this writing we cannot disclose for security reasons.
In conclusion, no appraisal of the energy efficiency of hadronic reactors is credible or
otherwise meaningful, without a consideration of the operating pressure, power,
temperature, selected liquid feedstock, selected additive and other factors. Note that the
electric arc is insensitive to operating pressures up to very high values to the order of
100,000 psi (over 6,000 bars) that are not attainable today. Therefore, PlasmaArcFlow
can be constructed up to the currently allowed 10,000 psi (666 bars).
The increase of power merely requires suitable re-design. In fact, the technology of arc
furnaces is well developed to use 1 MW electric arcs between electrodes of up to 3' × 8°
(90 cm x 240 cm). Such a technology with very high powers only needs to be adapted to
19

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 450, "chars": 3005, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
hadronic recyclers, of course, depending on available funds. Finally, the operating
temperature is only due to the amount of heat extracted via heat exchangers, the ideal
operating conditions being evidently those in which the selected operating temperature is
kept constant with heat exchangers by the sole removal of all excess heat produced.
The ideal industrial recycler is one that has at least 1 MW, operates at about 5,000 psi
(333 bars) and at a temperature higher than the boiling temperature of the selected liquid
at 5,000 psi (333 bars).
At this moment we have available the 50 KWh reactor in Verona operating at
atmospheric pressure and temperatures, and the 100 KWH industrial recycler available in
Florida operating up to 150 psi (10 bars) and about 300 degrees F, plus a research
recycler available in Kazakhstan. Despite their limitations, these reactors can indeed
establish the self-sufficient generation of clean energy with Hadronic Power Plants of
only the First Type.
A serious commitment to our serious environmental problems requires INVESTMENTS
as needed to measure the efficiency at various conditions, and then to build the prototype
Hadronic Power Plant of the First Type. The extension of such a plant to those of second
and third type will only increase the clean energy produced.
2.3: Commercial Efficiency of the Verona Reactor
The recycler currently available in Verona has 50 KWh, operates at a maximum of 7 psi
(0.5 bar) and has no heat exchanger to maintain the heat constant. Also, the reactor has no
means to measure the efficiency, since it lacks a cumulative wattmeter to measure the
energy used per each test, and a flowmeter to measure the volume of MagneGas
produced. As a result, all data below are approximated and essentially based on
measurements conducted in the U.S.A. in similar recyclers.
Under the above clarifications, it is expected that in the Verona Reactor the use of 100
W-h produces 1.5 scf-h of MagneGas (42 L-h), plus about 300 BTU-h of heat. By
recalling that 1 W = 3.14 BTU and that MagneGas produced from water has the energy
content of about 700 BTU/scf = 25 BTU/L (depending on its combustion - see below),
we have the following predicted Commercial Energy Efficiency of the Verona Reactor
(6) CEE = [300 BTU of heat + 1,050 BTU of Magnegas] / [314 BTU Electr.] = 4.29 > 1.
Despite the fact that the Verona Recycler was built for a simple illustration of the
echnology and absolutely not to reach self-sufficiency production of electricity, it is eas
o see that the recycler as currently available has indeed a positive energy output after th
self-production of the needed electricity.
The 50 KWh Miller Dimension 1000 used by the recycler has an efficiency of about 90%
as per manufacturer's specs. This implies that the arc actually uses 90 W-h = 280 BTU-h
of DC electricity per each 1.5 scf (42 L-h) of MagneGas produced. It is then easy to see
that the energy content of MagneGas is expected to be sufficient for the production of
20

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 310, "chars": 2259, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
usable energy. In fact, the use of a conventional DC (rather than AC) generator based on
internal combustion engines with an efficiency of 38% characterizes the following:
(7) Self-Generation of Electricity: 38% 1,050 BTU = 399 BTU > 280 BTU of the arc,
Therefore, the Verona Recycler, as available now, is expected to have the following
usable heat generation after the self-production of DC electricity
(8)Usable Heat Generation: (119 BTU-h + 300 BTU-h) × 50 = 20,950 BTU-h
By assuming that also a 38% conversion into usable electricity, the Verona Reactor is
predicted to have the following self-sufficient production of usable electric power
(9) Usable Power Generation: 38% 20,950 BTU-h = 7,961 BTU-h = 2.53 KWh
It should be noted that, in the current state of construction, the efficiency of the Verona
Recycler cannot be increased with the increase of pressure beyond 7 psi (0.5 bar) because
of the inability to seal the pressure around carbon rods. Nevertheless, without any
modification, the efficiency can be increased via the recycling of a mixture of oil-base
liquids and water.
In this case 100 W-h of AC electricity or 90 W-h of DC electricity are expected to
produce 2 scf-h (56 L-h) of MagneGas with about 1,000 BTU/scf (35 BTU/L) and about
500 BTU of heat, resulting in the predicted Commercial Energy Efficiency
(10) CEE = [500 BTU heat + 2,000 BTU Magnegas] / [314 BTU Electr.] = 7.96 >> 1
with the following percentage use of Magnegas for the self-generation of DC electricity
at 38% efficiency
(11) 38% 736 BTU-h = 280 BTU-h of the electric arc,
thus leaving the following usable power
(12) 500 BTU-h heat + 1,264 BTU-h Magnegas] × 50 = 88,200 BTU-h
that, again converted at 38% efficiency, permits the prediction of the following usable
power:
(13) Usable Power Generation: 38% 88,200 BTU-h / 3,14 = 10.67 KWh.
It should be noted that, under the availability of the necessary funds, the Verona Reactor
can be easily modified into a Hadronic Power Plant of the First Type via: 1) The
replacement of the current low pressure PlasmaArcFlow Module with a high pressure
one; 2) The addition of a heat exchanger for the production of steam, and 3) The addition
of a DC generator operated via a turbine powered by steam as well as MagneGas.
21

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 472, "chars": 2977, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This moditication will allow the entire use of the produced heat plus the partial use of
MagneGas produced for the self-generation of electricity. The balance of available
MagneGas can be used for the production of electricity or other uses.
Independent efficiency measurements should also be conducted with the recycler in
Florida. Unfortunately, the geometry of the PlasmaArcFlow in the latter Reactor is open,
as compared to that with the Venturi of the Verona Recycler. As a result, the Florida
Reactor should not be used for comparison with the Verona Recycler, and should be used
instead for the purposes for which it was built, namely, establish the dependence of the
efficiency with the increase of power, pressure and temperature, to verify the existence of
the Controlled Hadronic Fusion, and then to complete the construction into a fully
operational prototype Hadronic Power Plant.
2.4: Energy Efficiency of the Hadronic Power Plants of Second Type
In the Hadronic Power Plants of the First Type the primary source of energy for the self-
generation of the electricity is the MagneGas fuel. For the case of plants of the second
type, the primary source of energy for the DC are is expected to be the heat produced by
the arc itself plus that produced by the catalytic liquefaction of MagneGas, which heat is
utilized via a heat exchanger to produce steam, plus a small percentage of MagneGas
produced to bring steam to supercritical temperatures for a more efficient turbine
operation (numerous other means are possible in lieu of burning MagneGas, such as
solar, wind, or chemical sources of additional energy).
This case is treated in detail in the US patent [4] and it is not repeated here for brevity.
We only note that, as it is well known, heat is the most difficult form of energy to be
utilized due to its large natural dissipation through walls. In US Patent [4] a large heat
loss has been assumed due to dissipation. Despite that, sufficient heat for the self-
generation of electricity is indeed achieved with excess energy available in the form of
Liquid MagneGas.
2.5: Efficiency of Hadronic Power Plants of Third Type
As recalled in Section 1, despite huge public investments, "hot fusion" has now been
demonstrated to have no foreseeable industrial Value. The primary reason for this failure
is the excessive temperature under which instabilities caused by the activation of the
fusion cannot be controlled.,
We have also indicated in Section 1 that the "cold fusion" has indeed established the
capability of producing nuclear fusion in our laboratories, although without any
foreseeable industrial significance because the energy gains are quite marginal, as well
known. The reason for this occurrence is opposite that of the "hot fusion," and it is due to
insufficient temperatures at which nuclei remain generally shielded by their electron
clouds, in which case no systematic nuclear synthesis can possibly occur with an
industrial relevance.
22

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 210, "chars": 1425, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In view of these two shortcomings, the author has developed the new "Controlled
Hadronic Fusion" whose main principle is that of operating at intermediate temperatures
between those of the cold and hot fusions, sojas to allow nuclei to be free of their electron
clouds as a necessary pre-requisite for their fusion, although without excess temperatures
causing uncontrollable instabilities.
The new "Controlled Hadronic Fusion" is also based on other principles, the most
important one being the true control of AlL aspects necessary for the desired fusion,
including the control of the temperature, pressure, power, and other data.
The details of the new Controlled Hadronic Fusion cannot be disclosed here for security
reasons. We merely mention that the electric arc constitutes one of the best means for its
realization because it is the ideal mean for controlling ionization, pressure and
temperature.
FIGURE: A schematic view of the principles of the Controlled Hadronic Fusion. Under
the proper control of power, pressure and temperature, the electric arc permits: 1) The
polarization of electron orbitals along toroids perpendicular to the local magnetic force
field as the basic condition to expose nuclei at moderate temperatures; 2) The alignment
of polarized atoms along opposite magnetic polarities North-South-North; and 3) The
compression of polarized and aligned atoms due to Coriolis and other effects. -
23

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 416, "chars": 2795, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The evidence of the existence of the Controlled Hadronic Fusion is the following: As
recalled earlier, the biggest source of heat in the processing of water with PlasmaArcFlow
Reactors is the creation of CO with 255 Kcal/mole. It is very easy to verify that, by far,
the largest amount of heat is produced when using crude oil or engine oil waste as liquid
feedstock. In fact, the heat produced is such that, with insufficient flow of the liquid
feedstock, even the carbon electrodes would melt, thus implying the achievement of local
temperatures near the are of the order of 50,000-70,000 degrees F.
Nuclear synthesis is the sole credible origin of the large amount of heat produced when
using oil-base liquid feedstock. This is due to the fact that, having the generic chemical
composition CnH2n, oil contains no oxygen at all. The electrodes are composed of coal,
and they too have no oxygen at all. Similarly, all reactors are primed with helium (or
other inert gases) before the initiation of any operation for safety reasons. Therefore,
when operated with oil base liquid feedstock, hadronic reactors have no oxygen at all.
Lacking the oxygen, there exists no known chemical reaction capable of interpreting
quantitatively the very large amount of heat produced, thus leaving nuclear synthesis as
the only credible explanation. Numerous syntheses are possible but we cannot outline
them here for security reasons. We merely mention that the first synthesis preferred by
nature is precisely that of the nitrogen, Eq. (1), i.e.
(14) C(6,12) + 2H(1,1) => N(7,14) + positron + antineutrino,
The next synthesis preferred by nature is that of the oxygen synthesized by the nitrogen
plus the large number of hydrogen atoms available in the arc's surroundings,
(15) N(7,14) + 2 H(1,1) => O(8,16) + positron + antineutrino
In fact, beginning with a clean reactor, water is routinely found at the bottom of the oil-
base liquid feedstock in macroscopic amounts that cannot be explained via humidity and
similar marginal sources.
Once confirmed, this evidence is expected to be sufficient for investors with a vision.
Industrial equipment will merely depend on the invested funds.
SECTION 3: PROPOSED TESTS AND THEIR PROJECTED COSTS
3.1: Introduction
As a scientist, the author cannot participate in any additional study of Hadronic Power
Plants without actual measurements. In turn, measurements require suitable meters
specifically selected for the needed data. The prototype Hadronic Power Plant from the
Florida recycler is then recommended for construction. After measurements on the basic
data, laws and behavior are available, the construction of an industrial Hadronic Power
Plant is suggested. In the following we identify the needed measurements, related
detectors and projected costs.
24

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 525, "chars": 3409, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3.2: Measurement of Efficiency of the Verona Recycler
To achieve any meaningful information, we need to do the following:
1) Measuring the electric power used from the grid. In the U.S.A. we have routinely done
this measurement with an independently calibrated, cumulative Wattmeter with digital
display, so as to have a reliable reading of the total watt-hour used per test.
2) Jointly, we need an accurate measurement of the volume of MagneGas produced. This
requires a very special flowmeter that is not affected by the magnetic anomalies of the
gas, and, to have any value, the flowmeter needs to be calibrated with a rather complex
procedure requiring the combustion of a special apparatus, such as a tower of known
volume filled up with water that is displaced by the MagneGas produced so as to achieve
a valid measurement of volumes of MagneGas produced from which the flowmeter can
then be calibrated.
3) The third basic need is to reach some reliable value of the energy content of
MagneGas. At this point most engineers and scientists with zero knowledge of the
MagneGas Technology suggest the use of conventional calorimeters. This trend is based
on the old knowledge that all conventional fuels have a fixed thermal content irrespective
of their uses. By comparison, the anomalous character of MagneGas is established
precisely by the fact of having variable energy content depending on its use. In particular,
no calorimeter has provided any valuable information on MagneGas. For instance,
calorimeters produced for natural gas generally do not even allow MagneGas to burn, let
alone measure anything, due to the large differences in stochiometric ratios between
natural gas and MagneGas. Bomb calorimeters are only useful to provide false
"experimental beliefs" for several reasons, such as the fact that they do not allow the
measurement of the exhaust to make sure that all fuel did indeed burn before venturing
claims of experimental results on heat content. A design of a calorimeter specially
intended to measure the energy content of MagneGas is available, but its construction
cost is estimated in excess of $100,000 due to the numerous functions requested for a
serious measurement, such as variable stochiometric ratios, variable ignition means,
measurements at variable pressures, etc. In view of these aspects, the test here suggested
is the one used until now in the U.S.A., namely, the measurement of the comparative
energy content of MagneGas and natural gas in specific equipment, such as an electric
generator, or the measure of power of a car on a dynamometer. It should be indicated
that, in view of a long history of expensive failures in calorimeter measurements imposed
on the author in the past by associates in the U.S.A., the author will participate in no
measurement of the energy content of MagneGas via conventionally available
calorimeters, and will terminate any collaboration in case such measurements are done in
view of their evident major damage to the MagneGas Technology. The reason is that
calorimeter measurements produce values of energy content of MagneGas way below
realities, which low values may be accepted and propagated for political objectives
against the Magnegas Technology.
4) Next, we have to measure the heat produced by the arc. This can be achieved via
simple measurements of temperatures before and after each test (with due lapsed times
25

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2430, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
for thermal stability). Knowledge of the thermal coefficient of the used liquid feedstock
and of the steel of the reactors as well as their masses produces reliable results.
5) None of the above measurements has any value without measuring the combustion
exhaust of MagneGas, which requires a permanently available 4-ways analyzer (for HC,
CO, CO2 and 02) with computer print-out. As an illustration, the author knows how to
produce MagneGas with 2,000 BTU/scf, that;is, double the thermal content of natural
gas, under which we have a large self-sufficient production of usable power. However,
this solution is useless because the flame of MagneGas with 2,000 BTU/scf is black, thus
being not recommendable for any practical use due to excessive pollution.
The costs of the above measurements in U.S. dollars (and based on U.S. suppliers) is
projected to be the following:
Cumulative Wattmeter $600
Independent calibration of same $1,000
Magnegas Flowmeter $7,000
Independent calibration of the same $5,000
10 KWh Natural Gas Electric Generator $3,000
Optimization for MagneGas by combustion experts $3,000
Thermometers $300
4-ways analyzer $7,000
Chemical analyses $3,000
Personnel, overheads and misc. $10,000
Miscellaneous, unpredictable events, reserves $10,000
TOTAL PROJECTED COST $49,900
3.3: Measurement of Efficiency of the Florida Reactor
As indicated earlier, the data on the Florida Reactor cannot be compared to those of the
Verona Reactor because of a large difference in the geometry of the PlasmaArcFlow (the
Verona Reactor being better because of a Venturi surrounding the arc).
The Florida Reactor was built for the different scope of first measuring and plotting the
values of the produced heat and MagneGas as a function of the pressure, power and
temperature. Once these data were measured and verified, the Reactor was built to be
completed into the prototype Hadronic Power Station of the first type. The primary
reason for the expensive construction of the industrial reactor in Florida at high pressure
has been the verification of the new Controlled Hadronic Fusion.
The needed measurements are rather complex, each of them requiring considerable time,
each measurement also requiring its conduction with different liquid feedstocks (for
instance, comparative values of heat production in water-base and oil-base liquid
feedstocks). As such, the needed measurements are expensive in cost and time.
26

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 221, "chars": 1445, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Firstly, the Florida Reactor must be completed with two additional 50 KWH power units
to permit meaningful plotting of the data as a function of the power from 30 KWH to 150
KWh. Secondly, the recycler has to be completed with the same Wattmeter and
flowmeter needed for the Verona Reactor and various other sensors and detectors.
Thirdly, the reactor has to be equipped with a remote control for the necessary safety
when operating at high pressure. These initial costs are projected to be to the order of
$50,000.
MONICA& POWERED PRODUCT
OF AC. ELECTRICTTY
RHONEGAS
STEAM POHERED PROOUCTION
OF D.C. ELECTRUCTTY
DIFURE: A 3D view of the proposed prototype Hadronic Power Plant built via the use of
the 100 KWh PlasmaArcFlow Recycler currently available in Florida.
Also, new facilities need to be rented in a suitably isolated area for quiet conduction of all
needed tests at high pressure without danger to personnel or neighbors. The cost of the
rental, the contract with the electric company for 150 KWh power, and the construction
of the necessary related electric panel are expected to exceed $50,000.
Technicians have to be hired and trained for extensive tests and numerous outside
companies have to be used for independent verifications estimated to cost at least $50K.
At that moment the most important measurement to be initiated are those regarding the
Controlled Hadronic Fusions, which cannot be identified here for security.
1
27

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 481, "chars": 3174, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Following all the above, the Florida Recycler should be completed into a prototype 100
KWH Hadronic Power Plant with the addition of: 1) A 100 KWh electric generator
produced for natural gas and used with MagneGas; 2) a heat exchanger producing steam
with a separate station bringing steam to supercritical temperature; and 3) A DC
generator operated by a turbine powered by steam and MagneGas.
Detailed drawings of the completion of the Florida Recycler into a prototype Hadronic
Power Plant are already available, including a 3D view. The operations are initiated with
a cold liquid via the activation of the turbine powered DC generator with the sole
combustion of MagneGas from preceding runs. The combustion of MagneGas is
decreased with the initiation of production of steam in about 5 minutes, and finally
reduced to a minimum when full operational temperature is reached in about 10 minutes.
Two solutions are possible for the implementation of the above program. First, the
Florida Recycler can be shipped to Verona and all tests done jointly for the two recyclers,
including the construction of the prototype Hadronic Power Plant. The author has
contacted the U.S. investors who have financed the construction of the high pressure
Florida reactor and they have agreed to allow its shipment to Italy (together with all other
equipment available) upon reimbursement of its cost of $250,000 (which includes no
payment to the author for his work at that recycler). Notice that, according to long
standing practice, no shipment of equipment is possible from the U.S.A. unless paid in
full before leaving U. S. soil. Notice that, according to this first solution, in addition to
the funds needed for the purchaser of the Florida Recycler, all tests would have to be
funded in Italy by the Compagnia di Verona.
The second alternative is that of conducting all tests of the Florida Reactor in the U.S.A.
In this case the best solution for the funding of the cost is the investment of $500,000 in a
significant equity position of USMagneFuels, Inc., the Florida corporation with the
exclusive rights of the MagneGas Technology for the American Continent (only), under
the proviso that all funds shall be devoted to the indicated tests, and all results shall be
available to the Compagnia di Verona. It should also be indicated that, since
USMagneFuels, Inc., is currently seeking financing, investments for more than $500,000
are possible, all the way to the acquisition of control depending on the volume of funds
invested. Evidently, the best solution would be the progressive investment of funds,
beginning with an initial investment, and then increasing the investment depending on
results. Detailed financial forecasts of USMagneFuels, Inc. are available on request to
The author recommends the second solution for various reasons, such as the evident need
for the developments of MagneGas Technology in the European and American continents
to be deeply integrated and correlated; the fact that the author will remain a Florida
resident and can only visit Italy on a periodic basis; and the availability in Florida of
trained experts.
3.4: Liquefaction of MagneGas
28

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2217, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A Fisher-Trophy tower is recommended to be built for testing the liquefaction of
MagneGas, and selecting the needed catalysts and operating pressure. The combustion
exhaust of the liquid fuel so obtained must be individually tested because of the possible
need for different additives in the MagneGas production (see for details patent [41).
The costs for the prototype production of Liquid MagneGas are estimated to be to the
order of $100,000 including the construction of a Fisher Trophy station that can be added
to existing recyclers.
It should be noted that the industrial value of the results are directly proportional to the
investment in R&D. The first objective is evidently the achievement of a liquid
MagneGas with clean combustion exhaust. However, under the availability of additional
R&D funds it is possible to seek a liquid MagneGas with very low vapor pressure, in
which case the new liquid fuel can bè used in gasoline tanks of available cars.
The reader should appraise the immense commercial implications in achieving a Liquid
MagneGas with low vapor pressure suitable for use in existing gasoline tanks, and the
large lack of gains that may originate from insufficient R&D funding in such a project.
3.5: First Industrial Hadronic Power Plant
The projected total cost for the design, construction and extensive test of the first
industrial Hadronic Power Plant of 1MWh power, from its initiation to the completion of
all tests, including revised drawings ready for production, is expected to be $1M.
REFERENCES
[1] http://www.magnegas.com/technology/part6.htm
[2] http://www.magnegas.com/technology/part7.htm
[3] http://www.magnegas.com
[4]Visit the web site of the US Patent and Trademark Office
http://patft.uspto.gov/netahtml/srchnum.htm
Then log on to patent number 6,540,966.
[5] "Foundations of Hadronic Mechanics with Applications to New Clean Energies and
Fuels," b Ruggero Maria Santilli
Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht-Boston-London, December 2001, ISBN 1-4020-
0087-1, Russian translation available at no charge in the pdf files
http://i-b-r.org/docs/sanrusl.pdf, http://i-b-r.org/docs/sanrus2.pdf
[6] http://www.i-b-r.org/docs/magneh.pdf
[7] http://www.neutronstructure.org
29
