{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T22:30:53Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3200370, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119386-update-on-inventions.pdf", "source_sha256": "7e061a2dcf753a7e684ec86cc57bad82fb787bab34a5751a809e1ed4d458f96c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 407, "chars": 2654, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Update on Inventions 103002
EXTANT
Now ready to deal, according to Dr. Mallove. Has seen 50 watt in/ 500 watts out
performance, though load is specialized and needs to be clarified. Ted impressed by
videotape. SG handling
Claim to have a continuously operating 5 kilowatt device with no
power input (negistor). Spoke to their attorney 1021. They have requested $50K to
commence testing. JK told him we needed evidence of how the gain was computed, and
vould not pay the requested $50K until/unless vetting confirmed results. 1030: Clarified that
they want the $5OK for a better prototype, current prototype is not pretty. Ready to
demonstrate. Champagne would visit us.
_is inventor. Using digital wattage meter.
No input power. Current machine powers
Thouse. Been powering it for 1 year.
Make arrangements with
the attorney. Perhaps device won't clear Customs.
EMILIE). Claims to have working device, tested by EE's to produce 2 watts
from 1/16 watt input. Valone now believes this is potentially very significant, and has offered
to consult to Sprain on a regular basis, helping with both patent preparation and device
improvement. He believes the RPM's can be increased from 160 to potentially 16,000 (more
likely, 10,000) thereby creating a linear increase in wattage from 2 to 200. By stacking 5 of
these like pancakes, a kilowatt would be produced. 1030: now testing with Valparaiso, first
in DC wattage in/out test. That is to be done 1031.
showed us a levitating solar generator that he is willing to license. It looks
scalable.
tresses that he doesn't know the efficiency, but believes it will be good.
100802: He wants to build a better one before licensing it.
has access to people with lithium battery supercharger, fuel cell, organic to
fuel (NG) conversion system, and knows how to convert existing cars to fuel cells. He
promised a package including electric car info. (quick charge battery system) and gas
plant (NG) to be sent by Friday 10/25. No package as of 1030.
Has 7 inventions, including Etherizer that dissolves materials and 80 MPG
car (perhaps doubling of mileage, perhaps a little less), has run his home off-grid for 14
(?) years excluding inductive applications such as dryer. JK sent Weiss AIP. Weiss says
Ward wants to handle everything through him. JK sent Weiss AIP for 80 MPG fuel saver,
battery charger, and Nova Plasma (etherizer) machine. 1029: Ward and Weiss have
signed AIP. Now awaiting SG signature. Has sent fuel saver device to SG.
Holm has completed one version of his device, and it ran for 2 weeks. Dax Hamilton has
agreed to build it after he finishes our Muller contract (late November or early December)

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 455, "chars": 2841, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Holm developed alternative device design, but Wilcken discounts that device as insignificant.
Rick Foch seeking fabricators, to respond by 1101, for this as well as Comings.
is wanting $41K paid to his group to produce two RS-3 units. Because we would
have no real control of this expenditure or possible cost overruns, I told him that we couldn't
fund it at this time. He will be happy to do this for us when we are more comfortable with the
risk level.
Meader is willing to work from a known successful replication (eg. Magraden) not
from Lindemann's plans which he considers incomplete. 1022: again asked Wilcken to
contact Magradden or give JK contact info so we can attempt replication from a working
prototype. Magradden will not supply his device or build one, is willing to supply his design.
However, Wilcken emphasizes that this is a 3 - 4 month FT project. More practical may be
limiting the development to just the core and a pulsed input, with capture of back EMF
through a copper cage.
recommends we buy the
for a test platform. This connects to any
device, and enables you to determine if you have OU performance and to what level.
Microprocessor platform that gives a true reading of performance. $1400. Unlike digital watt
meters, allows you to adjust pulse width and amplitude (important for devices such as
I. This would allow SEAS to measure AC more accurately. This
also allows immediate, accurate results on any purported OU device.
our intern, has built the
POD but it doesn't
pertorm to the expected specs. Harwood is coaching him via e-mail. Harwood also claims
one of his replicators will submit a completed functioning unit for the Z Prize, and that a
Tesla patent shows how to do it to industrial size. Wilcken thinks this is similar tech. to the
Gray device; back-EMF based
as declared that our prototype "is" over unity.
Wilcken now questions Harwood's judgment. We have politely asked him to put up or shut
up.
Wilcken visit not scheduled. Dax promised bids to make unit from scratch and from
Adsit design by 100402. Dax is building two motors for a total of $3,250 for delivery by
120402, inclusive of all the electrical components (windings and metglass). He claims this
will be a complete working motor built from scratch. Adsit motor (from partially completed
prototype Wilcken supplied him) is taking in 120 watts and putting out 110 watts—a highly
efficient motor, but not OU. However, an optical switch will be added per Wilcken's
instructions by 1104 that may make it OU. Norm Hays will be consulted on one electronic
circuit design. Also, the newly constructed one (due 1204) will not lose power due to
vibration and poor tolerances.
Friend of,
Claims to have hydrogen to water conversion
engine, but is unwilling got license it. JK asked Fred to approach about JV company 093002.
No response 100702.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 306, "chars": 2033, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:.
[Similar to Cole Motor (see above). Recently dropped US rep, who was an
evangelical Mormon (disliked for this by both Wilcken and Dax). I have written them in S.
Africa offering to work with them. No response. SG to call them in S. Africa.
Has documented (CA and other tests) showing 25% increase in
mileage. Improvable.
reportedly has 80 MPG car. Accessible via A. Weiss.
Leady to build. Moves a ball around a track endlessly. Again asked
him for proposal for larger unit to produce 1 KW, 093002. Expects grant to build smaller
version first, 100602.
Spoke again after 10 years. Remembered me. Said Boeing tests "proved" the
concept; Jamie Childress says they were inconclusive and that Cook was given everything he
needed by Boeing to eliminate the vibration problem, but nothing has happened in 2 years.
Cook says he needs $50K ($20K income) to make it right. JK asked Cook to clarify 100102.
Asked again 100702.
Claims his group has well-documented catalyst that increases mileage by
minimum 23% and eliminates diesel particulate emissions, improves coal BTU's and
drastically cuts emissions. Claims extensively documented over 10 yrs. NDA signed and data
expected this week. Samples received 1020. MPG savings rise over time; can reach 60%+
improvement. We need to get baseline data for vehicles at test facilities.
Fuel vaporizer. Sending a fuel injector retrofit kit for our use 1028.
Seeking Range Rover owner testimonials for us. Has seen 30 - 60% increase in MPG.
POSSIBLE
claims his mechanical over unity motor is nearing completion, to be tested
by them by tirst week of November.
also has a catalytic converter for H2O2. He claims to have an OU device
nearing completion. He is preparing the Resonant Signature device to operate automatically.
is on hold until he can demonstrate something.
ș building his device, and presently doesn't need funding.
K spoke to President of company and an investor. Carol knows developer,
and he promised her a device by October. Carol is talking to him again first week of
November.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 328, "chars": 2135, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Has specs for gravitational converter. Expects completion by 1201. Asked
$2OK. JK requested specs for evaluation 1024.
Based on their comments to me, they are not going to bring this to market
successfully. The new demo is still to be rescheduled.
believes they have a real,
functioning Gray replication. Promised a road test last week of October.
has referred another inventor FIZZIONE who seems to have scientific credentials
and an interesting device, but there is nothing testable.
Simulation cannot be done because software cannot model an aspect of his system.
Seeking Alberta state funding. Will not collaborate with SEAS unless we visit him; cannot
visit US
Told
hat he will call SEAS first when he has a device to demo.
Failed to keep his promise to SG in Oregon.
Has built the device to specifications, needs to refine one component. Dax
believes he is very close to a testable unit. Needs additional input from Bedini.
Dropped by Boeing, spoke with
cordial and respectful relationship
research this, and will refer them to
He and
have developed a
_says a university is planning a proposal to
for possible collaboration.
Magnetic Energy Converter. Have a serious if conventional business plan based on
Godin's Russian technology (that Valone takes seriously), and expressed interest in
collaboration with SEAS. Their COO promised to read the Strategic Overview and get back
to me. COO Kruglak has not responded to my calls and letters since.
Has magnetic device with promising design. Writeup received and faxed to
Wilcken 100202. Wilcken says no merit demonstrated
Claims to have centripetal generator, prototype
nearing completion.
Claims to have force amplifier (lever). Complex, obtuse plans. Submitted to
Wilcken for review. Wilcken finds him nearly impossible to talk with. I told him to limit
brain damage.
Claims to have gravitational propulsion. JK
offered to sign NDA. No response. Wrote again 100502.
His device has no new physics, according to
However, claims to
have metered reduction of power consumption by 75% on motor. Was to call Wilcken
100102 and have
report to JK. 1025: still hasn't run Wilcken's test.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 132, "chars": 841, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
. Would not work with us except if we paid him
thousands under contract for consulting. Would not divulge even under NDA. SG to contact
Well-regarded by Wilcken. Wrote Alek 1004 asking
for a demo of his unit. No response. He is preparing for a public presentation in November.
h.D. in physics, had design that was patent pending. Needed
permission of investors to talk to SEAS. Failed to respond to multiple contacts. SG to
contact. No telephone number given by Carpenter; e-mail is
. Russian thought well of by
His attorney
consistently fails to call back.
Claims to have electricity from tap water device. Were unwilling
to license SEAS. JK wrote them about J.V. possibility 092902.
Claims to have invested $5MM and to have another $15MM
raised. Wants to collaborate but will not license SEAS. JK wrote them about J.V.
possibility 092902.
