{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T22:26:17Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 827580, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119326-cold-fusion-times-spring-1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "c60da9244720a718c3a654f983c4c2bb5b34cbb17191e79f65f9bbb161b059ca"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 702, "chars": 4881, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IN THIS ISSUE
COLD FUSION FILMS ....
COLD FUSION UPDATES
COLD FUSION PROGRESS .............
CORRELATED HEAT AND PRODUCTS
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY .................
ENGINEERING AND MATERIALS VIEW
EVENTS IN JAPAN
FOR THE WORLD
Volume 5 Number 2
News and Developments from Arkansas, California, Georgia, Illinols, Massachusetts, Maino, Minnesota, Mississippi, Now Mexico, New Hampshirt, New York,
Onlo, Hawail, Rhode Island, Texas, Utah, Washington, D.C., China, England, France, Indla, Japan, Netherlands, Russia, Sri Lanka, Untted Kingdom
2.
1,3,4,5,6,7.10
1,6,7,10
1,3,6,10
1,3
5,7,8
GAS SYSTEMS............
NUCLEOSYNTHESIS …...
4,5,6,9
HELIUM PRODUCTION …...-
PALLADIUM SYSTEMS…...
,3.4,6,7,8,10
IONIZING RADIATION EMISSION.
JOURNALS YOU MAY HAVE MISSED
MORE LITERATURE......
NEUTRON EMISSION
NICKEL SYSTEMS.....-
NUCLEAR PRODUCTS
...4,6,8
.. 4
, 2,3,4.8
.3,4
5.6.7.8,9
1.0.
PATENTS........
1.4
PATENT WARS..
PHONONS
SOLID STATE SYSTEMS..
TECHNOLOGY.....
THEORETICAL PAPERS
4,6,7,8
SPRING 1997
ISSN # 1072-2874
COLD FUSION TIMES
PATENT WARS: CETI's Patterson Files To Quash
Drs. Pons & Fleischmann's European Patent
Sarasota, Florida - In a startling, recent development, inventor logjam to American cold fusion input and inventions.
Dr. James Patterson of Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. biggest question on everyone's mind was "why?" and "why
(CETI) filed a several page complaint to block the issue of the
now?" Mr.Fred Jaeger, President of ENECO, Salt Lake City
Pons and Fleischmann cold fusion European patent (PFEP)
the company which bought the license to the European patent
which was about to be granted in February '97. While shock
in question, sounded incredulous as he said that the CEIl
and anger rippled through the science/fusion community over
group's last minute challenge to the PFEP had given a "slap to
this setback for cold fusion, the fact that it was created by "one
the whole community."
of their own", was especially disheartening. Many researchers
Mr. Hal Fox, founder of the precursor to ENECO and
had eagerly anticipated the European issue believing it to be
now publisher of the Journal of New Energy, said that this ac-
an important opening of the entire United States CF field, so
tion by CETI was "ridiculous" and "senseless internecine figh-
sorely languishing in recent years. According to one insider,
ting" such that "those who have been attacking cold fusion will
representatives of CETI reportediy attempted to polarize some
rejoice at this schism in the ranks of cold fusion adherents".
in the cold fusion community in Sapporo, Japan (at ICCF-6)
Dr. Eugene Mallove, publisher of Infinite Energy, said he was
last October by asking others to join them in challenging the
saddened that "two excellent companies are seen to be fighting
European FP patent application. Reportedly, there were few,
over turf instead of negotiating business relationships that
if any, takers.
could help everyone in the field." Another researcher re-
CETI filed their challenge just as the deadline ap-
marked this appeared to be "cannibalism". Still others were
proached, on the last week of the last month of the nine month
struck with the paradox of how CETI initially appeared to ask
period before PFEP would have issued, thereby opening the
to "work together" with some members
Cont. page 5
Reports Of Correlated Nuclear
Signatures And Excess Heat
Time Correlation between the Excess Neutron Emission
and Excess Power Generation
[Neutrons on top (foreground/background) and XS heat on bottom]
(After H. Ogawa, Y. Oya, T. Ono, M. Aida and M. Okamoto; page 3)
Wellesley, MA. - This issue of the Cold Fusion Times includes
several new reports of nuclear signatures correlated with the
2nd
1.2-
Ein woey
excess heat, supplementing the previous reports from the U.S
Navy (Cold Fusion Times v.5, n. 1). Dr. H. Ogawa, from the
Research Laboratory for Nuclear Reactors at the Tokyo Insti-
tute of Technology, and Drs. P. Cignini and D. Gozzi, at the
F.G
Universitia di Roma, report that these phenomena originate at
nuclear levels. These reactions can not be the atomic level
based upon ionizing radiation in the range of 89 to ~120 keV.
Cont. page 8
Electric Industry Optimistic About
Dr.Frederico Pena To Head DoE
ExceEt power •
WASHINGTON D.C. - Recently the Senate voted 99-1 to confirm
Mr. Federico Pena, former Secretary of Transportation, as the
Secretary of Energy. Several energy groups are optimistic
about the future of the DoE under Energy Secretary Federico
Pena because of his reportedly favorable view toward competi-
All Rights Reserved.
© No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in an electronic or retrieval system, transmitted, copied in any form or by
any means including electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, or storage
witlout the prior permission of the COLD FUSION TIMES.
tion within the electric power industry.
Cont. page 8

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 658, "chars": 4347, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOWARD THE FUTURE
A NEW COLD FUSION MOVIE
"The SAINT" with Van Kilmer, Elisabeth Shue
millionaire, and well mustachioed master of'
YAL LILYI
disguise.
The Saint is hired by the corrupt
Russian dictator to steal the cold fusion for-
mula from American nuclear physicist, Dr.
Emma Russell (Elisabeth Shue). But The
Saint falls in love with his target, who hides
the secret formulae for cold fusion in her bo-
som over dinner, and whose life becomes in
terrible danger over her discovery of the
keys to making cold fusion successful.
A NEW SIMON TEMPLAR
Compared to the Roger Moore televi-
sion series this
Saint has
a
darker Simon
Templar.
Ac-
The very
week
that
"X"-files' Fox cording to Di-
Mulder cooly discusses cold fusion as being
rector Phillip
the reason for the Majestic-12 coverup of Noyce,
"we
UFOlogy, Hollywood has launched Simon
decided Tem-
Templar (Van Kilmer) as the "The Saint" plar's
story
who is hardly a saint until he seeks to pro-
should begin
tect the woman who has perfected cold fu-
in an orphanage in Hong Kong where, as a
sion.
He does this with quick change
child, he learns all the tricks that he is going
artistry, an incredible undertaking some-
to use when he is an adult and how he uses
times laughable, making this a well-worth
these to survive. He's a man who, like a
"see"
child, retreats from the brutal reality around
him by using disguises which are really an
escape, a mask hiding the real man."
COLD FUSION, RUSSIAN STYLE
If it were not for the fact that CF gets a
front row seat with a newly buffed image,
in a key sequence of the film, Emma
this film would be just another high tech ac-
Russell escapes from Tretiak's agents by tak-
tion chase film with a predictable ending.
ing
refuge
But here CF, science, politics, the cold of from the evil
Winter, weld a mini-education on the impact
SOn
of CF to those who would otherwise stay in
Russian
coup
the dark.
Simon is an international thief,
lead
in
the
American Em-
bassy.
How-
ever,
the actual
American
Embassy in Mos-
cow was too cramped side and
situated
among nondescript
buildings. No problem, be-
cause they took the Peking
Hotel, covered up
ok the Pet Cot page)
2
GRAVITATIOHAL FORCE
OF THE SUN
"One of the most interesting de.
tailed and precise book available
which
extensively
examines
the
very origins of gravitational sci-
ence. Very highly recommended.*
COLD FUSION TIMES
"Gravitational Force
of the Sun"
by Pari Spoulter
available at Orb Publishing
11862 Balboa Blvd. #182
Granada Hills, CA 91344
(816) 363-2003
{for orders 1-800-879 4214)
FOUVOI NUCLAAINE
ABSOLU
Nuclear
Synthesis
of
Superheavy
Elements
ISBN 2-9503346-7-9
Available through
Albert Cau
18 Boulevard Arago
75013 PARIS France
Albert Cau
Cold Fusion Calorimetry Technical
Reports Now Available
Reexamination of the Phase-l/ Calorimelry Experimeni,
Dr. M. Swartz, 8 color pp. $49.50 [available -3/97]
Selected Papers in C'alorimetric Anolysir, Dr. M. Swartz
10 color pages, $99,50
@JET Technalogy 1992-1896
c/o COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA USA 02181
<<<€
Photo Credits >>>>>
Page 4 - Val Kilmer and Elizabeth Shue (Purument Pictres)
Page 5 - Microspheres -- Stanning Electron Microscope image of t
¡ EarthTech's duplication attempt of CETI beads (Scott Litle and John
Logajan): Mr. Patterson from Infinite Energy
Page 8 - Mr. Pena (Department of Eneryy)
Page 9. Mr. Rothwell (Cold Fusion Times Files)
Back Cover: C/1995 O1 (Hile-Bopp) (3/10/97; Mojave desert b
Bob Yen @ http://www.comet-track.com) This is a long telephot
shot, using a 6x7 camera on an AstroPhysics 61D mm fö lens w/field-
flattener.
The ion tail is very strong, and extends out of the frame at
least 6 deg. The dust tail has become more intense (brighler and nar-
rower), but still has an outer fan,
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The Scientific Aspects Of
Loading Isotopic Fuels Into Materials
Volume 5 Number 2 -- Spring 1997
ISSN# 1072-2874 published quarterly ® 1997 JET Technology
Editor: Mitchell Swartz Associate Editor: Gayle Vemer
Technical and Photographic Contributors and Consultants Worldwide
Annual subscription rate $120,00 Single issues $40,00.
Postage and handling charge of $5,00 per order outside of the United States.
Cold Fusion Times" Address:
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, IMA USA 02181
Cold Fusion Times'
Web Home Page:
http://world.std.com/-mica/cft.html

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 484, "chars": 3444, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Correlation Of Excess Heat And
Neutron Emission In Pd-LiOD Electrolysis
H. Ogawa, Y. Oya, T. Ono, M. Aida and M. Okamoto
Research Laboratory for Nuclear Reactors, Tokyo Institute of Technology
Meguro City, Tokyo Japan -- To avoid the
coincidentally under the same conditions
uncertainty, especially in the excess neu-
which gave positive results with high re-
tron evaluation, caused from the date dif-
producibility as reported previously. The
ference between the foreground runs and
3 hours/ 3 hours pulse mode electrolysis
the background runs, two sets of the ex-
with 800 mA/20ma current density was
perimental systems have been assembled
performed with Pd - 1.0M LIOH (as the
with the excess heat monitoring and the
background run) and Po 1.0 M LIOD (as
neutron detection systems of NE213. The
the foreground run), for 5 weeks. The
principles of the excess heat monitoring
electrolysis cell system was also im-
and neutron detection are same as pre-
proved in the control of electrolyte level
viously reported. The two experimental
and equipped a standard heat source for
systems have been examined to determine
the temperature calibration for the excess
the machine factors for the excess heat
heat monitoring. The Pd electrodes were
monitoring and the neutron detection in pretreated by fine mechanical polish and
Pt 1.0M LiOH electrolysis for about one
annealing in vacuo at 850 C. for 10 hours.
month. The machine factor for the excess
heat monitoring was determined to be
The excess heat up to 6.5 W (2.5%
1.00 and the factor for the neutron detec-
of the input power) was observed in the
tion was determined for each ten blocks
Pd-LiOD electrolysis and the excess neu-
in the 1024 channels of the MCA. The tron emission was also observed with
neutron energy spectrum was obtained af-
main peak at around 4 MeV. The
ter the correction by machine factors.
frequency histograms of the excess heat
generation and illustrated in the figures to
Using the two experimental sys-
demonstrate the appreciable difference
tems, the electrolysis operations to ob-
between the foreground run and the back-
serve the excess heat and the excess
ground run.
neutrons have been
carried
out
ist week
1.27
Time Correlation between the Excess Neutron Emission
and Excess Power Generation
[Neutrons on top (foreground/background) and excess heat on bottom]
2nd waek
ard waek
4th week
5th week
6th week
-1.2
B.G.
1.1
F.G
0.9
0.9
0.8 tr
2
4 _ 5
3
. 5
2
4 | 5 ₴
Neutron Energy
4
MaV
5
2
4
52
3
4
30
Frequency
25
20
5
10
30
25
20
15
10
2D 2 4
Excess power / W
-4-20 24
-4-2024
OF GREAT INTEREST
TO OUR READERS
SEE FOR THE WORLD (PAGE 8)
COLD FUSION TIMES
COLD FUSION
Anita 1077-1074
FUTUR
Untapped Technelesx
Roport
7313
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
"COLD FUSION"
70 Route 202N
Peterborough NH 03458
INFINITE ENERGY
PO Box 2816
Concord, NH 00302
ENDS]
: FUTURE TECHNOLOGY
INTELLIGENCE REPORT
PO Box 423652
San Francisco, CA 94142
¿FUTURE TRENDS
-- Minnesota CF Alliance
365 Summit Ave.
St. Paul, MN 55102
UNTAPPED
TECHNOLOGY
IN REVIEW
PO Box 5185
Mesa, AZ 85211
ELECTRIFYING TIMES
63600 Deschutes Rd Bend,
OR 97701
(503) 388-1908
FAX (360) 693-4408
MCDANIEL REPORT
1055 West College Ave.
#273 Santa Rosa,
CA 95401
THE MARS
MISSION
122 Dodd St.
Weehawken NJ 07087
CHRISTA
CORRIGAN
MCAULIFFE CENTER
100 State Street
Framingham, MA 01701
Planetary Ass. for Clean Energy
100 Bronson Avenue, Suite 1001
Ortawa, Ontario KIR 608
CANADA

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 846, "chars": 5511, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Journal Articles Which You
May Have Missed
by Dieter Britz
New Approach Toward
Nuclear Fusion Without
Strong Nuclear Radiation
LiX Nucl. Fusion Plasma
produced during electrolysis.
They go on to speculate on
possible nuclear mechanisms to
fit the data.
(in Japanese)
Phys. 16(2) (1996) 1
Li goes through some
QM
Effect Of Ultrasound On
Electrochemical Loading
Of Hydrogen In Palladium
Wark A, Crouch-Baker S,
McKubre M, Tanzella FL
J. Electroanal. Chem. 418
Anomalous Thermal Power
Generation From
theory
and concludes that Anomalous y-Peak Evolution
lattice-confined ions react in a from SrCe Solid State Elec-
Proton-Conducting Oxide
different way from beams hit-
trolyte Charged
Oriani RA; Fusion Technol. 30
ting a target. Because of the
in D, Gas
(1996) 281
Coulomb barrier,
only the Mizuno T, Inoda K, Akimoto
This is a high-temperature (ca. long-lived energy levels have a T, Azumi K, Ohmori T, et al.;
The present authors decided to
400C) calorimetry experiment, chance to resonate, and thus
Int. J. Hydrogen Energy 22
look at the effect on the elec-
using a solid state electrolyte, (fast) reactions emitting neu-
(1997) 23
trons do not occur; instead, This team "electrolyzed" disks
trolysis of water at a Pd cath-SCe oosNoozzon an ion only those not emitting neu- of the high temperature ionic
ode and the hydrogen loading
conductor, supplied by Mizu- trons do occur, which supports conductor consisting of mixed
in the metal. As reported in the
no. A Seebeck-effect calorime-
old papers, the irradiation low-
ter of refined design was used the cold fusion claim.
oxides of Sr, Ce, Y and Nb,
ered cell voltage and the load- for accuracy. The solid elec-
(in Chinese).
sintered
into
at
1300-1480 C and coated with
ing;
and
stopping
the trolyte was simply heated at a
irradiation only restored the
Anomalous Isotopic
Pt on both sides for contact.
known power, and deuterium
Distribution Of Elements
Voltages up to 5-45 V and fre-
pre-irradiation condition after
or helium (as a control) al-
either long electrolysis, or a lowed into the chamber, moni-
Deposited On Palladium
quencies of 0.0001-1 Hz were
Induced By Electrolysis
then applied to these disks
short burst of anodic polariza- toring the heat given off. There
Mizuno T, Ohmori T, Kurokawa ("electrolysis") in atmospheres
tion. The authors were able to
appears to be clear evidence of
K, Akimoto T, Enyo M; et al.
of deuterium or hydrogen, and
tie the ca. 30-50 mV of cell
excess power Denki Kagaku oyubi Kogyo Butsu- a gamma detector was used to
voltage change upon irradi- (relative to noise) with deuteri-
ri Kagaku 64 (1996) 1160
ation, to adsorbed hydrogen, um, but never with helium.
measure the gamma spectrum
known to play an important
This was a long-term (one emitted. These showed peaks
role in the process at the Pd
Small do power currents were month,
high-current-density that were not there before elec-
cathode.
applied to the electrolyte disks,
but the results show no clear heavy water electrolyte (LiOH
electrolysis experiment in a trolysis, and the authors assign
The Phonon Mechanism Of
effect correlating with this. The and Li,CO,), and surface analy-
them to various isotopes such
sis using several methods, be-
197pt,
15 Sm and 35Sm,
success rate was low, and so
thought to have been produced
The Cold Fusion
Liu F-S; Mod. Phys. Lett. B 10 were the excess powers.
fore and after electrolysis. The during the experiment. They
usual forest of peaks is found,
(1996) 1129
go on to surmise various nu-
Using
phonon
theory, the
Recent Results And Activities
as expected from long elec-
clear reactions that might lead
Wannier function and more,
On The New Hydrogen
trolysis (and previously found
to these isotopes and speculate
by others); the authors checked
the author considers the move- Takahashi A; Suiso Energi Shisu- for isotope ratios, however, and
that they may be the key to un-
ment of deuterons in metal
derstanding cold fusion. -
temu 21 (1996) 39
found some that deviated
deuteride as affected by acous- The author believes that CNF nificantly from the normal val-
tics. The conclusion is that pre- has been demonstrated, excess ues and concluded that this
dicted d-d fusion rates come to heat found but without fusion shows that some isotopes were
roughly observed values, near taking place; and that some un-
visit Dieter Britz's site at
http://kemi.aau.dk/~britz/
the surface where there is confirmed
strong nonequilibrium and a helium* and should be re-
higher electron density.
peated. The key is to pin down
Fukuhara M (Toshiba Tungaloy Co Ltd); Jpn. Kokai Koho
the nuclear or chemical origin
JP 08,194,079, 13-Jan-95 Cited in Chem. Abstracts 125:259415 (1996).
of excess heat.
** "A D containing. alloy induce a reaction, the resulting
(made of >= 1 of metal of excess heat is transported to a
Group IV or VIII elements such heat exchanger by a pressurized
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The Scientific Aspects
Of Loading Isolopic Fuels Inso Materials
COLD FUSION TIMES
seeing Irates finit indra funeral
INst 1071-137%
as Pd and/or Ti) at a temp. low-
medium (such as pure hO or
er than room temp. (between
He gas) and is circulated for us-
room temp. and liq. N.temp.) is ing. A large amt. of heat can be
irradiated with dynamic uitra- generated easily and economi-
Cold Fusion Times' Web Home Page:
http://world.std.com/-mica/cft.html
@ JET Technology
sonic wave, thereby the alloy is cally without air pollution and
brought to a state of nonequil. waste production.
high-temp. and high-pressure to

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 974, "chars": 6219, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PEOPLE IN THE NEWS
5
issue and not the original discovery of the effect.
Whatever their claimed motivations, CETI has also begun other legal
suits. According to one experimenter into this field since 1989, his associates
have been on the receiving end of a "letter battle" with CETI's lawyers merely
for posting an ad in Infinite Energy offering to sputter-coat polystyrene beads
with metals for use in cold fusion systems. He states that sputter coating
plastics is a long established technique, and has found the purported hasse-
lling very disconcerting. CETI's Reding states *they are violating our
CETI Files To
Quash P&F Patent
continued from Page 1
of the CF community, only to then make this
move after reportedly seeking to recruit allies
in their imminent PFEP challenge at Sapporo.
CETI'S VIEW
Dr. Patterson
Dr. Patterson (Ph.D. in Science, Pacif-
ic Wester University, LA), inventor of some
of the first American cold fusion patents to
issue, was unavailable for comment but the business manager and President
of CETI clarified their view for the COLD FUSION TIMES. According to
CETI business manager Mr. Christian Ismert [Sarasota office], Dr. Patterson
and CETI officials felt this move would be a "boost for the field". Mr. Ismert
admitted that the challenge and blockage of the PFEP would actually "not be
considered a friendly move by some" but that CETI was "doing what is in the
best interests of our investors."
CETI President Jim Reding stated that CETI had "issued the chal-
lenge" to prevent "anticompetitive reflections" which could have hurt the
field. He stated that CETI felt the FP claims were too broad and would thus
inhibit development in the field; but by challenging the FPEP there would be
"benefit to the field" because the FPEP claims were "very broad without
teaching adequately" how to use cold fusion.
"The laywers saw it right
away", Mr. Reding said.
Mr. Reding also noted that the CF issue involving the nickel-light
water/palladium-heavy water dichotomy - often ignored by the hot fusion
critics -- was actually also an issue. According to Mr. Reding, Dr. Fleisch-
mann and Pons had stated in 1989 that fight water excess heat does not exist,
but Mr. Reding noted that even so, the FPEP claims attempted to also claim
nickel reactions.
Thus, given that Europe is "the litmus test for the rest of the
world" at this point in time, and given that it would considerable more expen-
sive to begin the legal fight later, and because they did not want to "pay for a
technology that did not benefit anyone" (the ENECO-held FPEP claims), Mr.
Reding said that Dr. Patterson had to act now.
Despite the grim response in the scientific community, this current
CETI tactic versus the PFEP must have created one large, wry smile on the
faces of some legal counsel and marketing executives. Some scientists con-
tacted for this article, have reasoned that this surreptitious move -- to cripple
the European patent issue for Dr. Fleischmann and Pons -- was forged on the
dream of a financial empire because one problem preventing additional fund-
ing for CETI may have been the European Fleischmann Pons application.
banian
Nyter
Wash
(raled
An alternate hypothesis floating in CF circles is that Dr. Patterson now
Titanium
wants "credit" for work previously acknowledged to belong to Drs. Fleisch- Cathode i-l
mann and Pons. Worldwide, Flesichmann and Pons, are not only the ac-
knowledged pioneers of this field, but the scapegoats as they bore the brunt of
the slings and arrows thoughtlessly thrown at them. According to Mr. Reding.
CETI apparently recognizes the FP discovery and March 1989 announcement
of CF, but Mr. Reding insists that the FPEP challenge is only on the claims
Malinum
Centart
COMING:
More Technical Papers
Nickel, Titanium, Palladium
Additives
Isotopic Shifts
Survey Results
Gas/Glow Discharge Loading
Lavoisier & Platinum Metallurgy
Nanodot Technology
Lavoisier melting a "worthless"
platinum nugget
DR. PATTERSON'S PATENTS ISSUED
Dr. Patterson filed his patents (now assigned to CETI) after the seminal
cold fusion announcement of March 1989. It has been noted by those familiar
with patents in the CF field that Dr. Patterson's patent counsel rather skillfully
maneuvered the application in an extraordinary manner during the patent pro-
cess. The Patterson patent application, according to some involved with this
matter, circumvented the US Patent Office's normal patent review process in-
volving the standard nuclear physics group by claiming Dr. Patterson's
vulnerability vis a vis his age and health.
Thus, his application avoided the dreaded "pro-hot fusion" and "anti-
cold fusion" Group Art 220, and his application reportedly drifted within the
Patent Office to what is considered the more relatively benign non-nuclear
patent examiners in Group Art 110.
In the words of one individual familiar
with the process, Dr. Patterson's patent was issued before Group Art 220 even
"knew what was going on"
By such means of apparent reported relative reliance upon Dr. Patter-
son's age and/or health rather than usual scientific rigor, Dr. Patterson's patent
application by-passed the tough and lengthy procedure all others have had to
transverse, and he was ultimately issued a US patent. Soon after Dr. Patter-
son was issued a US patent on his covered beads, there followed reports of
"kilowatts" of power with a few watts inpur in the media market including
ABC-TV news (Cold Fusion Times v. 4, n. 2).
CETL Multilayer Thin-Film Microspheres
(Right top) The multilayers of the Patterson microsphere.
(Left) The CETI setup of vertical flow calorimetry used by Cravens,
Patterson, and CETI
(Below) The heterogeneity of a collection of a group of micro-
spheres pedigree unknown.
FIG. I
l'Latinum
Contart
The COLD FUSION TIMES is now the longest running journal in
the field, marking more than five (5) years.
The COLD FUSION TIMES
wants you. Your subscription and
support is needed. It is the only cold fusion journal which continues
to be devoted exclusively lo the material, economic, and intellectual
property issues of loading isotopic fuel - a hydrogen isotope - into a
material used to produce useful energy.
Thank you for your past
@ 1997
JET Technology

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 598, "chars": 4007, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MATERIALS CORNER MOREEYIDENCE CONSISTENT WITH NUCLEOSYNTHESIS
6
X-RAY, HEAT EXCESS AND He' IN THE
ELECTROCHEMICAL CONFINEMENT OF
DEUTERIUM IN PALLADIUM
F. Cellucci, P.L. Cignini, G. Gigli, D. Gozzi, M. Tomellini,
E. Cisbani, S. Frullani, F. Garibaldi, M. Jodice, G.M. Urciuoli
Dipartimento di Chimica, Universitia di Roma
Laboratorio di Fisica, Istituto Superiore di Sanita
Continued froin page 10
also continuously monitored the Ne° signal. At set intervals
(equal or greater than 900 s), a sample of 150 cm? of the elec-
trolysis gas mixture (N, Dz, Oz, DO vapor, He" if any), escap-
ing from the calorimeter-electolysis cell is made to flow
through a deuterium cutting system. It is sucked through a LN,
charcoal trap which absorbs almost all the gases except He*
This is injected at low pressure ("less than equal to' 5 x 102
mbar) into the QMS chamber where the pressure is generally
'less than equal to' 1 x 10- mbar.
In a four-cell (5) experiment lasting 950 hours, more than
a thousand (1,000+) samplings were performed. For each cell,
a satisfactory time-resolved structure of He* release data was
obtained. Then all this data has been correlated by a simulation
procedure to the measured excess heat by computing the ex-
pected He* at the time when the sampling was effectively done.
Calculated Helium-4 (left side)
and excess heat power (right side)
50
- 15
"He
i. Pexe
10
20
10
5
- 0.
0
200
400
600
800
0
1000
time/h
6.0
0.6 -
0.44
0.2 -
200
400
800
1000
Further, a very important result ... is a clear-cut evidence
this phenomena we are dealing with is of no chemical nature.
2.0
1.0
0.0
I
An x-ray film positioned 5 cm from a cell has been impres-
200
400
600
sioned with a series of spots roughly reproducing the image of
the cathode. Another x-ray film located in the same position at
the same time and for the same period in front of a blank cell
was not impressioned at all.
Through microdensitometry of
the exposed film and calibration of the optical density against
800 1000
time/h
Ratio between measured and calculated Helium-4 versus
time. The insert (located in the upper right) is a magni-
fied view in the range from 0 to 1.
the x-ray exposure, each spot characteristics was recorded by
position, dimension and intensity.
structure. The structure was a bundle type having 150 Pd wires
of 250 um diameter.
Since all the geometric parameters and nature of all mate-
rials interposed between the cathode and film are known, it has
The analysis of the data leads to the conclusion that
been possible to calculate the exposure as a function of the en- (because the energy of radiation and the total energy associated
ergy of radiation and the I/lo ratio. The spot nature of the im-
to all the spots on the whole solid angle were, respectively,
pressioned film is very intriguing and it could support more
evaluated to be (89 1) keV and (120 % 4) kJ), we are deal-
than one explanation about the main process occurring in the ing with a phenomena which originates at the nu-
source. But in the absence of a clear understanding of it, in or- clear level and not at atomic level (soft gamma rays
der to estimate the value of the involved energy, we are ori- instead of hard x-rays) and it is not the principal source of en-
ented (inclined?) to treat the matter in terms
of classical ergy (being approx. 0.5% of the energy measured by calorime-
physics of radiation. This is by taking account the cathode try in the same interval of time.
next issue; COLD FUSION TIME'S
TECHNOLOCIFS
COLUMN RETURNS WITH NEW MATERIAL
Group VIII
Atom Clusters
More on Helium Production and
Other Nuclear Signatures
Secondary to Cold Fusion
Authors, scientists, writers, inventors, entrepreneurs, consul-
tants, economists, futurists - you're invited to submit manu-
scripts for consideration for publication in the
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135 Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
Your, diskette is helpful, or e-mail to mica@world.std.com
There is NO other publication with
higher information density in this field

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 647, "chars": 4692, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JET Technology 1:
COLD
FUSION
TIMES
ENGINEERING AND MATERIALS
VIEW TOWARD COLD FUSION
Design Considerations For Multilayer Thin-Film
Patterson-Type Microspheres
G.H. Miley, G. Name, M.J. Williams, J.A. Patterson,
J. Nix, D.Cravens, and H. Hora
Fusion Studies Laboratory, University of Illinois
Urbana, I. The selection of thin-film metal parts is based on
four parameters: Maximum Fermi energy level difference, good
hydrogen/deuterium (H/D) diffusivity, good H/D 800 Angstroms
thick films of Pd/Ni and Pd/Ti, giving Fermi level differences
(AF) of 1.5 and 1.7 respectively.
These combinations were se-
lected on the basis of ready availability of materials and ease of
manufacturing, but other combinations potentially offer more in-
tense reaction rates. Examples include Ce/Be, Pd/Zr, Th/Pt, and
Th/Be, with AF = 7.4, 1.6, 2.4, and 5.5 ev, respectively.
Triode Cell Experiments For Controlled
Fleischmann/Pons Effect
Evan L.Ragland
The Boiler Works
Diamondhead, MS - Experimental research and evaluation
of three electrode (triode) cold fusion electrolysis cells is
reported herein. Apparatus development began, after patent
application, in June 1995. The triode apparatus introduces
controlled loading and operation of Fleischmann/Pons-type
cells. In August 1995 excess heat generation was observed
in triode apparatus experiments by Dennis Cravens in his
laboratory in New Mexico. In November 1995 the Boiler
Works laboratory in Diamondhead began experimental
evaluation of the triode apparatus. Understanding gained
from these experiments led to development of a triode fu-
sion reactor. The reactor has been in continuous operation
since 20 March 1996.
Experimental Observation Of Massive Transmuta-
tion In Multilayer Thin-Film Microspheres
G.Miley, G. Narne, M. Williams, J.Patterson, J. Nix, D. Cravens
-
H. Hora
Fusion Studies Lab, U of Illinois
CATHODE
ANODE
ANODE
ANODE
CATHODE
ANODE
9
B
Urbana IL - Over a dozen experiments have been carried
out using multilayer thin-film microspheres, designed on the basis
of "swimming electron layer" (SEL) theory!? using a 1 molar
lithium sulfate light water electrolyte in a flowing packed-bed
electrolytic Patterson (TM) - type cell. Significant quantities of
transmutation products have been obtained in all of these runs,
00000000000
which have lasted periods of time ranging from one to five weeks.
(a)
00000000000
D2O
Transmutation of the metallic coatings to new reaction products,
with yields exceeding 50% of the initial metal weight, have been
obtained in some cases. Excess heat is also observed in these
The experimental reactor data base is being applied in
runs, but varies greatly, depending on the configuration.
The
further triode apparatus developments. Near-term goals are,
largest yields have been obtained for Cu, Al, and Ag, although a completion of a reactor test bed for "quick change" cathode
variety of additional products are observed, using a combination
specimen evaluation and engineering design of a 5 to 10
of secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS) analysis and neutron
KW reactor cell. Thin film cathode specimens prepared by
activation analysis (NAA). The dominant product varies depend-
the Materials Science and Engineering Laboratory of the
ing on the specific coatings employed, with the largest yields typi-
University of Alabama in Birmingham are presently ready
cally coming from single-layer Pd or Ni on cross-linked polymer
for test and evaluation. These include Pd film on Ag, Al,
microspheres or from multilayer Ni-Pd-Ni-Pd-Ni microspheres.
Cu. and quartz substrates and Pt films on Si bead speci-
While the yields are so large as to preclude the possibility of
mens.
impurity artifacts, some special runs have been carried out and a
unique "clean" cell, where the only metal present, in addition to
the microspheres, were the Ti, or Pt electrodes. Both heavy and
light products, with atomic numbers considerably above and be-
low that of the base metal (Ni or Pd), are observed.
This can only be explained by proton-induced transmuta-
14: 99
The Journal Of The
Scientific Aspects Of Lexeing
Iscopic Fuels Into Materian
tions, followed by a fission of the heavier-mass product. The re-
sulting process is quite unique and has been termed "filfiss".
1. G.H. Miley, H. Hora, E.G.Batyrbekov, R.L. Zich, "Electrolytic Cell with Mul-
tilayer Thin-Film Electrodes", Fusion Tech. 26, 4T, part 2, 313-320 (1994).
2. H. Hora, J.C. Kelly, J.U. Patel, M.A. Prelas, G.H. Miley, and J.W. Thompkins,
• 1996 JET Technology
All rigats reserved
BROUGHT TO YOU BY THE FIRST
AMENDMENT OF THE UNITED
STATES CONSTITUTION
"Screening in Cold Fusion Derived from D-D Reactions", Physics Letters A. 175,
138-143 (1993).

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 573, "chars": 4141, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Reports Of Correlated
Nuclear Signatures And
Excess Heat
cont. from page 1
Autoradiography is used again to fur-
ther demonstrate the nuclear basis of these
reactions. The discovery of linked excess
heat and minuscule neutron production,
and also excess heat with moderate levels -
but linked - helium-4 production are con-
sistent with other cold fusion reports.
Industry Optimistic
cont. from page 1
His previous role
creates a historic link
between energy, envi-
cunast
ronment
and
trans-
portation.
Mr. Pena
earned his Bachelor's
degree (University of
Texas, 1969) and Law
Degree (University of
Texas,
1972),
and
served as Mayor of Denver, Colorado from
1983 to 1991.
Congress held up his nomination over
mainly one concern. Republican concern
have centered upon
nuclear waste issues
over how to dispose of thousands of tons of
radioactive waste from nuclear power reac-
tors. Congress and Secretary Pena would be
well advised to study the possible impact of
cold fusion upon some aspects of this prob-
lem, too. There is a role for remediation as
well as energy production.
"In addition to
revamping nuclear waste programs and deal-
ing with this nation's dangerous dependence
on foreign oil, [Secretary Pena] faces calls
from Congress and the public to shut down
the department," said Senate Energy Com-
mittee Chairman Frank Murkowski, an Alas-
ka Republican.
"Secretary Pena faces many
challenges, not the least of which is stop-
ping the pile-up of high-level radioactive
waste at 80 locations in 41 states." Regard-
ing the interim storage problem, Sen. Mur-
kowski has pushed a bill to build a
temporary storage site in Nevada to take the
spent fuel, which the government legally be-
comes responsible for in 1998.
CETI Files vs P&F Patent
continued from Page 1
Many scientists still await, however, the
complete series of normal peer-reviewed
scientific publications.
Meanwhile, CETI
has begun what is perceived by some as the
first lobbing of nuclear weapons in the cold
fusion story against at least two parties. As
one savvy engineer, familiar with the Patent
process and the means used by Dr. Patterson
to bypass Group Art 220, said -- after being
informed of the most recent CETI maneuver
in challenging the PFEP -. "He (Dr. Patter-
son) must be feeling better now".
•
FOR THE WORLD
(More Information - See Pages 2 And 3 Too)
JET Technology O
COLD FUSION
TIMES
BROUGHT TO YOU BY THE FIRST
AMENDMENT OF THE UNITED
STATES CONSTITUTIONI
JOURNAL OF
NEW ENERGY
Includes
International Low Energy
Nuclear Reactions
Conference Proceedings
1 (801) 583-6232
The Worid
A Public Informacion Utiliy
Software Tool & Die
1330 Beacon Street, Suite 215
Brookline, Massachusetts 02146
office@world.std.com
617-739-0202
Subscribe Now To..
ELECTRIFYING TIMES
International Coverage of:
D New Propulsion Technology
D Over Unity -- Antigravity
2 Latest Battery Technology
3 issues per year for only $10
- Affordable Adyertising -
63600 Deschutes Rd Bend, OR 97701
(503) 388-1908 FAX (360) 693-4408
JET Energy
Technology
Series 95 Multiring™ Calorimeters
(15 cc. 68020 chip, 7.5 m sensitivity)
($50 cc. 6#010 chip, 4.5 Int sensitivity)
1280 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(61218 chip, (hanno-1012.35 Ampere drint)
1200 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(GH0X4) chip, 1 micto- 1o 12.1.3 Ampote drive)
T-NOTCH Nickel Reactors
5-10.5 WYstt Light Water Syxtem
500 - 10.5 Kilowalt Light Waler System
IT-NOTCH™ -Tested Nickel Electrodes
Spectroscopic Analysis
Integrating Mültiring™. Calorimeters
A NOTCH" Nicke! Reactors
Specimen Testing & Certification
Integral
Thermal
Spectrogram'
Nickel
Sample
and
Control
Resistor
JET Energy Technology
P.O. Box 81135 Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
COLD FUSION EAST 9)
Cambridge, Massachusetts
The COLD FUSION TIMES and JET Energy
Technology Inc. 'are sponsoiring a detailed scien-
tific forum on this subject beginning in the Fall
of 1997. If you are interested in contributing in
this formative stage pleasé contact us al
P.O, Box 81135
Wellesley Hills. MA D2!81
More detailed analyses are available.
Technical reports on cold fusion, on
material and material processing.
Write the COLD FUSION TIMES
c/o Technical Reports Dept.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 826, "chars": 4880, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
** WHAT'S HAPPENIN' ** including NEWS from the INTERNET
Spring '97
THE "NEW HYDROGEN ENERGY"
The word "hydorogen" is purportedly how the Japanese decided to spell, or did mis-
The misspelling graces the cover of the ICCF-6 proceedings, produced
by the Japanese CF scientists.
(Left) Reproduction of the Cover of the ICCF-6 Proceedings
(Right) NHE later sent out this letter like this with a package of stickers to cover up over the
The Sixth International Conference on Cold Fusion
Sapporo Japan -- "Oh, please! I only
work for NEDO, whereas I've already conc-
eded to you the role of Official Last Word
in Cold Fusion, so perhaps I'm not qualified
to comment on the rumors you have heard.
But I always hate rumors from unnamed
sources anyway. As I understand the situa-
• tion, the four-year project was originally
scheduled to terminate at the end of March,
but has been extended for another year at a
lower funding level than last year. So you
can interpret that negatively or positively as
you choose.
PROGRESS
IN NEW
HYDOROGEN
ENERGY
To All Participants:
Enclosed, please find
the stiker to correct the
title of the proceedings
which we sent you be-
fore. Please stick it on the
title of the coverpage. We
are very sorry to give you
Idied by Makdu OKAMOTO
Sincerely yours,
Secretariat ICCF-6
However, in my opinion this is the
number one place in the world for cold fu
sion research. That's why I'm here (BTW, if
there is a place in the US that can compare,
let me know and I'll send my resume there
quick). In the meantime, NEDO extended
the fellowship for me and for Andrei Lipson
until April 1998.
We are also continuing to sponsor re-
search in electromigration with the Celani
group at Frascati, Italy and now have an op-
erating cell here, for which yours truly is the group leader (although
Hiroshi Kamimura is the top technical specialist here in pulsed elec-
tronics, and has done most of the work). I wish you nothing but
success in your technical endeavors. Besides, if your judgments
have been correct to date, by simply following your own sug-
gestions, success ought to be inevitable."
- Yours truly, Elliot Kennel
EVENTS IN JAPAN -- NEDO
In the last issue, we presented Jed Rothwell's letter to the Japanese
NEDO corporation. Here is one of his recent Internet postings, and
the rapid response from the organization itself.
Concord, New Hampshire -- "Rumor has it that
the NEDO cold fusion program has finally bit the
dust. They have reportedly cut off funding to SRI,
and they are preparing to shut down the operation
in Japan too. Selling off equipment, giving people
their walking papers.
I have not confirmed this at the highest levels
yet, but it is what I have been expecting for some
Jed Rothwell
time. As I reported here and in Infinite Energy, dur-
ing ICCF6, the NEDO managers told me the pro-
gram was in deep trouble and they were not sure of additional
funding. The fiscal year in Japan ends in April, so now is when the
money runs out. (That is also the end of the academic year, by the
All I can say is: I Told You So. I mean Fleischmann, Storms,
Cravens, Ikegami, Bockris and many others told them so.. I cited
them in my Open Letter. But the NHE went on for six more months
ignoring the best advice from the top experts in the field. So what
eise could have happened? This is not hot fusion; we do not a free
cket to screw up, year after year, producing no results. Here in th
eal world when you set a goal and you repeatedly fail to meet it, ou
yure un i it is eated Then then am me for warmin tana sine-
Elliot Kennel has already accused me of being in league with
Huizenga and Morrison. He believes in shooting the messenger rath-
er than paying heed to the warning. I guess it is up to us now. If we
cannot pull off a good demo, cold fusion will die, maybe for years,
maybe forever. Many other nascent technologies have withered on
- Jed Rothwell (Infinite Energy)
The "Saint"
cont. from page 1
the Communist insignia, took away all the Chinese lettering, put
up a gate and, voila, a pseudo-American embassy. Viewers will
thank Gene Mailove for moving the movie story toward the actu-
al cold fusion reality as he contributed as a consultant.
Readers of The Saint go back nearly seventy years, when Brit-
ish author Leslie Charteris first created the character of Simon
Templar, The Saint, in the story "Meet the Tiger" (1928).
WORLD WIDE WEB SOURCES ON
COLD FUSION
• COLD FUSION TIMES' home page:
http://world.std.com/~mica/cft.html
•Dieter Britz's home page ltp://kemi.aau.dk/—brisz/
• John Logajan's home page: http://www.skypoint.com/menbers/jlogajan
• Infinite finergy Home page:
http://www.mit.edu:800|/people/tei/CFdir/CFhome.html
http://ourworld.compuserve.com/homepages/JedRothwell/
American Nuclear Society Conference
une 1 - 5 Orlando, Florida
old Fusion Session Wednesday, June
Panel discusion: George Mizy, ence and Paterson.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1918, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE HAS GONE BEFORE
COLD FUSION TIMES
Volume 5 Number 2
71 Spring 1997
© 1997
ISSN #1072-2874
X-RAY, HEAT EXCESS and He' IN THE
ELECTROCHEMICAL CONFINEMENT OF
DEUTERIUM IN PALLADIUM
F. Cellucci, P.L. Cignini, G. Gigli, D. Gozzi, M. Tomellini, E.
Cisbani, S. Frulfani et alia
Dipartimento di Chimica, Universitia di Roma
Roma, Italy
After seven years of worldwide research activity
(left) C/1995 01
(Hale-Bopp)
photo credit page 2
in the field of the cold fusion the energy balance of the ob-
served anomalous phenomena is still far from to be complete-
ly proved. This contributes to maintain skepticism in the
scientific community. We believe that the best arguments to
Correlations of ex-
support the field can arise from those experiments in which
cess heat and nuclear
excess heat and nuclear evidences are correlated. Since 1989
signatures highlight
this issue.
Here
our activity was addressed to this end with a continuous effort
from the Departmen-
to improve the reliability of the measurements. We dedicated
to di Chimica in the
particular attention to neutron detection and due to the high
Universitia di Roma
efficiency and overall quality of the system the negative re-
comes further linkage suits have found the conclusion that, even in agreement with
of ionizing radiation,
other reported findings, the neutrons, as well as the tritium
excess
heat,
and production, are very low probability channels in the overail
process. Furthermore, a very great effort was expended to
obtain reliable on-line measurements of He. This was finally
obtained by a 'home-made' system based on a high resolution
and high sensitivity (=7pA/10' atoms of He*) quadruple mass
spectrometer (OMS). It was connected to an on-line automat-
ic sampling device where the occurrence of air contamination
was definitely avoided and,
Cont. page 6
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O, Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA USA 02181
TO:
