{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T00:18:46Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2167346, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119300-cold-fusion-times-fall-1993.pdf", "source_sha256": "080ce4fdab9426f229add4105def19b5dc534d58183a32889a9a473a5302f5fb"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 851, "chars": 5690, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO COLDLY
GO WHERE NO ONE HAS GONE BEFORE
Metallic palladium (at left) is shown
fully loaded with deuterium, an
isotope of hydrogen.
Heavy water
(DO, on the right) is the source of
the isotopic fuel used in some "cold
fusion" reactions.
COLD
FUSION
TIMES
Volume 1 Number 3
FALL 1993
HEAVY WATERGATE & The Importance of Cold Fusion
Editorial: Cold fusion began as the generation of anomalous excess heat from an immersed palladium
electrode, electrically activated, in heavy water. The technology has since blossomed to include anomalous
heats of both steady-state and burst type, and has developed to include the use of titanium, nickel, and other
The reported excess heats are in the range of 2 to 400% for the steady state excess enthalpies and
occasional heat bursts demonstrate even greater amounts of potential useful energy.
Cold Fusion is
important, even if there is only a 1/10 of 1% possibility of its reality, because it is inexpensive. Given that the
fuel is contained in water, given its safety (consider helium versus acid rain or radioactive isotopes), and
given its impact jobs and improved welfare in the short-term horizon and a serious potential reduction of the
balance-of-trade payments in the long-term), cold fusion must be investigated.
After controversy following their recent publication (Physics Letters A, 176(1993), published May 3),
Drs. Fleischmann and Pons answer their critics thereby correcting considerable misinformation.
from Valbonne, France
Response to Critique of Physics Letters A Paper
by Drs. Martin Fleischmann and Stanley Pons
We reply here to the critique by Douglas Morrison [1] of our paper [2] which was recently published
Apart from his general classification of our experiments into stages 1-5, we find that the comments made [1] are
either irrelevant or inaccurate or both. In the article "Comments on Claims of Excess Enthalpy by Fleischmann
and Pons using simple cells made to Boil" Douglas Morrison presents a critique [1] of the paper "Calorimetry of
the Pd-DzO system: from simplicity via complications to simplicity" which has recently been published in this
Journal [2]. In the introduction to his critique, Douglas Morrison has divided the time-scale of the experiments
we reported into 5 stages. In this reply, we will divide our comments into the same 5 parts. However, we note
at the outset that Douglas Morrison has restricted his critique to those aspects of our own paper which are
relevant to the generation of high levels of the specific excess enthalpy in Pd-cathodes polarized in DzO
solutions i.e. to stages 3-5. By omitting stages 1 and 2, Douglas Morrison has ignored one of the most important
aspects of our paper and this, in turn, leads him to make several erroneous statements. We therefore start our
reply by drawing attention to these omissions in Douglas Morrison's critique
from Japan
from Washington, D.C.
Cold Fusion in Japan
Report on an Important Meeting
By Jed Rothwell, Cold Fusion Research Advocates
with the U.S. Congress
by J. Rothwell, E. Mallove
For people who read Japanese, it is easy to keep tabs
on cold fusion research in Japan. Many technical journals
publish
Most
researchers
talk
A "Cold Fusion Information Seminar" was held in
papers.
are
happy
to
many
the Rayburn House Office Building, July 23, 1993. Three
informally
about their work,
and
have been
representatives of Cold Fusion Research Advocates, Jed
interviewed in the popular press. Technical and scientitic
Rothwell (Director), Eugene F. Mallove (Associate Director)
nagazınes equivalent to our Scientific American often carry
and Thomas Benson (Associate Director), organized a "Cold
articles about it, as do the major newspapers. At least five
Fusion Information Seminar" for all members of Congress
books have been published on the
subject, including
and their staff. The seminar included the half-hour video
translation of Peat's Cold Fusion, and one was written by
documentary,
"The Secret Life of Cold Fusion", by the
Yamaguchi, a leading researcher
Canadian Broadcasting Corporation [Ed: see page 12]. The
amount of English source material available too; journals
gathering took place in the
U.S. House of Representatives
published in
English like the Japanese Journal of Applied
Rayburn House Office Bldg.
Physics include many technical
However, as
in any other fi papers about cold fusion
Room
2318,
of science, business,
the
usual
information, the ability
Japanese
Seeing room of the Hand
Science,
Space,
Technology Committee, anc
essential, just as the ability to read English is essential for
where the ill-fated April 1989
serious research in the U.S.
hearings
The Japanese approach to cold fusion is low key and
on
cold
fusion
The
CERA
No Portion of this journal may b
reproduced, stored
in a retrieval
form or by any means, including
electronic, print, photocopy.
mcnamca, Iccording or
otherwise, without the
permission
of JET Technolog
c/o COLD FUSION TIME:
occurred!
pragmatic. It is impossible to know exactly how many
Continued on page 7
Continued on page 4
THE JOURNAL
DEVOTED TO
RELEVANT
RESEARCH and
DEVELOPMENTS
OF SAFE, RELIABLE
POWER SOURCES
USING HYDROGEN
ENERGY FROM A
In March 1989
electrochemically
induced nuclear
fusion reactions
were reported, but
were initially very
difficult to
reproduce.
By mid 1993
many
experiments
have demonstrated
that
anomalous
nuclear
processes
occur in palladium,
and other
metals,
which
have
been
highly loaded with
deuterium.
This journal
reports
on
the
state-of-the-art
from around the
world, and in this
issue even beyond -
(see page 2 for
palladium mining in
the asteroid belt).
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ON PAGE 2
@copyris Et Technology
ISSN# 1072-2874
All rights Reserved

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1402, "chars": 9277, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CBC Video Tape
C7 • the faturer space Mining
D. RotogRId
COLO JELOn LA OPER
Heat-oft
Importance of Cold fusion
RantIks for Pbydice Latters
Report to
T.f. Congress
What'• Rappenin
3. Notbrall, 0. Mallore
#alloya, Nottrall, mutI
BACK TOWARDS THE FUTURE
Ed. We thank Prof. Julius Mariasis for reminding us
to direct this field forward. Economics will direct us this
month.
This excerpt is from The Case for Mars IT:
Strategies for
Exploration • Technical,
Science
and
Technology Series, 75, ed. Carol Stoker,
1989 [Univelt,
CA]. The author, Dana Rotegard is an associate technical
consultant for JANES SPACE MARKETS, and is an
economist who herein teaches, amongst many things, the
importance of mining the asteroid belt for palladium.
AS
in the past, economics may drive the Earths' initial
commitment of resources.
The connection here to cold
fusion is through there reserves of platinum group metals
located in, or near, Mars.
That and a dirty snowball from
the Oort Cloud may enable Mankind to leave the Solar
System.
from Minneapolis, MN
THE DEVELOPMENT OF SPACE:
THE ECONOMIC CASE FOR MARS
Dana Richard Rotegard
- 1+ SPACE I DUSTPIALIZATION
A. THE SATELLITE INDUSTRY In 1945, British
author Arthur C. Clarke wrote a paper in Wireless World,
where he advocated placing communications relays in
geo-synchronous orbit around Earth, replacing ground
systems and creating a worldwide telecommunications
linkage.
Clarke speculated that someone might launch
such a satellite around the turn of the century. At the time,
Clarke was widely ridiculed as a utopian dreamer. As of
1986, there were over 500 satellites in or planned in
"Clarke Orbit." This satellite industry creates a $500
million a year demand for launch services besides creating
a demand for Earth stations and other satellite spinofis.
Plans for the further commercialization of space are afoot
all over the world and, if experience with satellites is any
indication, the development of near Earth orbit could take
place faster than even its proponents imagined (Ed.: More
on this in the last issue].
B. MATERIALS PROCESSING IN LEO As far
back as the writings of Russian space pioneer Konstantine
Tsiolkovsky
in
the
19th
century,
visionaries
speculated about manufacturing in space. Hard vacuum
and
microgravity create
possibilitie
for materials
processing that are impossible or prohibitively expensive
Continued on page 5
Because of rapidly developing technologies in cold fusion research,
COLD FUSION TIMES is available for home or office delivery,
COLD FUSION TIMES brings up-to-date, relevant Information to
Amendment of the U.S. Constitution, Questions, comments.
suggestions, and contributors art welcome.
or editorial information, pleasę call Mitchel Swart
617) 239-8383 or Internet: mich @world.std.com
PO. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
@copyrist focaology!
coLe FUSION TIMES
-mark
JET Technolory
Response from Drs. Fleischmann and Pons
2
continued from Page 1
Stares Land 2
In the initial stage of these experiments the electrodes (0.2mm diameter × 12.5m
Pd-cathodes) were first polarized at O.2A, the current being raised to 0.5A in stage 2 of the experiments.
We noté at
the outset that Douglas Morrison has not drawn attention to the all important "blank experiments" illustrated in figs 4
and 6 or our paper by the example of a Pt cathode polarized in the identical 0 IM LiOD electrolyte.
part of the paper he has failed to understand that one can obtain a precise calibration of the cells (relative standard
based on the assumption that there is zero excess enthalpy generation in such "blank cells.
zocuracy of this value is within 1 sigma of the precision of the true value of the heat transfer coefficient, (kR")
abtained by a simple independent calibradon using a resistive Joule heater. Further methods of analysis [3] (beyond
the scope of the particular paper [2]) show that the precision of (Kr )n is also close to the accuracy of this beat transte
coefficient (see our discussion of stage 3).
We draw attention to the fact that the time-dependence of (Kr')n, (the
simplest possible way of characterizing the cells) when applied to measurements for Pd-cathodes polatized in DO
solutions,
gives direct evidence for the generation of
excess
enthaipy in these systems.
It is quite
unnecessary
to
use
complicated methods of data analysis to demonstrate this fact in a
semi-quantitative fashion.
Stage 3 calculations
asserting:
Douglas Mordson starts
"Firstly, a complicated non-linear regression analysis is
employed to allow a claim of excess enthalpy to be made". He has
failed to observe that we manifestly have nor used this technique in
this paper (2), the aim of which has been to show that the simplest
methods of data analysis are quite sufficient to demonstrate the
excess enthalpy generation.
The only point at which we made
reference to the use of non-linear regression fitting (a technique
which we used in our early work [4] was in the section dealing with
the accuracy of the lower bound heat transfer coefficient, (Kr")!!.
determined for "blank experiments" using Pt-cathodes polarised in
DO solutions.
At that point we stated that the accumpy of the
determination of the coefficient (kr')z (relative standard deviation
-1.4% for the example illustrated [2], can be improved so as to be
better than the precision of (Kr')i1 by using non-linear regressior
fitting; we have designated the values of (kr") determined b
non-linear regression fitting by (Kr's. The Values of (Ke'):
tained show that the precision of the lower bound heat transi
Drs. Stanley Pons and
Martin Fleischmann
Cover -COLD
FUSION ALMANAC
(courtesy of D. Utah)
efficient (kr")n for "blank experiments" can indeed be taken a
measure of the accutacy of (kR').
For the particular
example
illustrated the relative standard deviation was ca. 0.17% of the
meat,
It follows that the calibration of the cells using such simple
means can be expected to give calorimetric data having an accuracy set by this relative standard deviation in the
subsequent application of these cells:
We note here that we introduced the particular method of non-linear regression fitting (of the numerica!
integral of the differential equation representing the model of the calorimeter to the experimental data) for three
reasons: firstly, because we believe that it is the most accurate single method (experience in the field of chemical
kinetics teaches us that this is the case); secondly, because it avoids introducing any personal bias in the data
treatment, «thirdly, because it-loads to direct estimates of-the standard deviations of all_the_derives valmes, from the
diagonal elements of the error matrix. However, our experience in the intervening years has shown us that the use of
Contimied Page 6
from London, U.K.
Nuclear confusion
Short excerpts from The Sunday Times (27
June 1993) by Neville Hodgkinson
" THE SUNDAY TIMES
THE CULTURE
according to Ala Bewick, other British
scientists were eager to jump on to the anti-fusion
bandwagon. 'Of all the countries I know, the UK is
the most negative towards cold fusion,' he says.
large number of scientists, not only physicists, are
incredibly emotional and personal about it.
could have been in the lead on this. Martin was keen to
have things done in Britain, but in the end the physics
establishment went totally against. You can see why.
Physicists think they have an awful lot to lose from this.
та васке
They think, Mere chemists, dealingwith something that
looks like a nuclear phenomenonl...
*** "Meanwhile, three international conferences on cold fusion have taken place, but have been
regarded by most Western scientists simply as conventions for "believers"
The latest took place last
October at Nagoya in Japan. Of 320 scientists assembled there, 199 came from Japan itself, 55 from the
US, 20 from Italy, 11 from China, five from France, Iwo from Germany and only one from the UK
"The "believers" have put forward theories that might underpin the phenomenon, and have
continued to report a variety of anomalous experimental results, many appearing to support the original
claims. But a lack of consistency in the data has allowed sceptics to maintain that experimental errors are
a more likely explanation than newly discovered physical laws."
'official', science was concerned, the cold fusion episode became regarded as an
unfortunate incident best forgotten. And there the matter seemed to rest - until now."
'The past few months have seen developments which, according to Pons, are making even
hardened sceptics soften their stance, "It's moving forward," he says.
"The fact that you get excess heat
has been preity much verified. It has been borne out by bundreds of papers and experiments. Our own
results are consistent in this, and the thermal outputs we now measure are about 100 times what we saw
in early 1989'."
"The cold fusion story raises some major questions about the scientific establishment's openness
to new ideas, and industry's willingness to fund research into them, According to Elichi Yamaguchi,
senior NTT scientist, Britain and America decided to take the easy way out of the cold fusion furore
"They don't like
confusion,
" he says.
"They don't like basic research where only one in 10,000
experiments is successful."

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1161, "chars": 7458, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3
COLD FUSION TIMES
Editorial: Continued from page 1
The knowledge expands elsewhere as well. Where (and
why has there been such a distribution of effort? So little in
the United States and the United Kingdom? And the drift of
the main players (Messieurs F&P) to France. Have we seen
products to France and Germany, even while both the U.S.
military and the U.S. Patent Office ignored the marvelous
That one of these inventions was the airplane
should be most thought-provoking, but it is also quite intriguing
because France had not always acted this clever way.
Napoleon turned down the American invention of the steam
HEAT-OFF
TIMES is accepting
suggestions for a HEAT- OFF contest
held on the Fifth Anniversary of the COLD
FUSION announcement. JET Technology and
FEAT (through the courtesy of Hal Fox) will
offer an award to the best low power syster.
To speed this along, we present the first in a
series of hints regarding the cold fusion
powered boat.
Napoleon guessed wrongly that a raging fire --
presumably contained below deck -- could never be used to
power any boat against the wind. France apparentiy learned
well from that error.
It is ironic that the core of "cold fusion-skeptics" are led
by "hot fusion" and other physicists who have unfortunately
failed to demonstrate even one minute of excess heat on their
hot fusion systems.
continuous hot fusion system despite billions of dollars over
In contrast, cold fusion is doing quite well on
bootstrapped funds. Imagine if support had been given earlier
to those investigators who have pursued it. Dis. Fleischmann
novel system demonstrating
unexpected physics in March 1989. Then, the reported excess
power densities were about 20 Watts per cubic centimeter of
Today, the amount of excess heat capable of being
produced has actually increased by a factor of 10,000% based
= upon that formulation!
In rare public sharing of information, partly as a result of
provocation by the skeptics, and in part by promethean barriers
to publication, and tragically secondary to a series of
explosions (one of which was lethal), cold fusioneers have
attempted to come together to discuss cold fusion and to clear
The clearing process may yet be shown to be a
HEAVY WATERGATE.
Suggestions for Conducting Light Water
Excess Energy Experiments
Jed Rothwell, Eugene F. Mallove, M. Swartz
been explosions and other dangers
deuterium/palladium systems, there does not appear to be that danger with the protium (that is,
light water) nickel systems. Many people have heard of the light water excess energy experiment
reported by Mills and Kneizys in Fusion Technology. By January, 1992, this excess energy effect
had been reproduced by at least a half-dozen other groups.
Even though the experiment is
simple and apparently highly reproducible, many would-be experimenters might be deterred from
trying it because of the well-known history of difficulties with
the heavy water
palladium-platinum approach of Fleischmann and Pons, Even though Mills et alia do not think
that their excess energy is due to "cold fusion" -- they have an elaborate theory of shrinking
hydrogen _atoms to-explain the excess cower
- their experiment was irsplied by the
Fleischmann-Pons announcement. The purpose of this brief collection of experimental protocols
will be to encourage others to try the Mills experiment and perhaps go beyond it in their
investigations, Beginning next month we will discuss the systems, the materials, and some of the
However, at the time, the first order of business is to read the experimental part of the
Mills-Kneizys paper in Fusion Technology to familiarize yourself with the basic approach. [Mills,
Randell L. and Steven P. Kneizys, "Excess Heat Production by the Electrolysis of an Aqueous Potassium
Carbonate Electrolyte and the Implications for Cold Fusion," Fusion Technology, Vol.20, August 1991,
"Excess Heat During the Electrolysis of a Licht Water Solution of
K¿CO, With a Nickel Cathode," Fusion Technology, March 1992.]
Drs. Martin Fleischmann and Stanley Pons may have
underemphasized that the reactions
difficult-to-prepare. Much early effort was upon the use of
The skeptics incorrectly claim that the harmless gas.
alloys, additives, and other techniques One quantum advance
"light water work disproves "cold fusion".
The skeptics have claimed that the
In fact, the light water experiments occur on products generated
occurred when Dr. Michael McKubre (SRI; see
a totally different metal; and that is nickel
exactly match the heat generated. But
FUSION TIMES issue #1) demonstrated that the addition of
aluminum after partial loading of the palladium by deuterium
and not palladium. An actual reading of the
the products are difficult to measure and
literature would clarify this.
are produced in very small amounts
appears to increase the likelihood of generating these reactions.
The skeptics
claimed that
because of E=mc?. Some skeptics even
Dr. Edmund Storms clarified that not all palladium electrodes
hundreds of million dollars have been spent.
demand that Mother Nature produce
are equal (see COLD FUSION TIMES issue #2). Why is this
on cold fusion each year and that the pathways which match up
yet another quantum advance? Because some electrodes work
and some do not; and wisdom in this field will consist of
taxpayers fund this. This is also not correct.
predictions predicated upon hot (plasma)
To the contrary, there is minimal to no
knowing the difference.
Dr. Melvin Miles (China Lake, US
money within the continental United States
Navy; see issue #2) has demonstrated that helium, used to fill
The skeptics claim there should be
ordinary lighter-than-air balloons, is one product cold fusion,
tor this work (except on an underground or
"no revaluation
ad hoc basis) and that is why the majority of However, the
"body" of cold fusion
and it is generated by, and linked to, the production of excess
the research and development is taking place
actually has a strong pulse,
Why is there so much apparent anti-cold fusion
TODAY in the Japan, France, Russia, India,
warming up. An injection of funds, and
improvement of image, will go far to
sentiment? Several misstatements ought be challenged because
have claimed that help correct the situation. Those with
destructive criticism is just too easy to make.
The skeptics
nonreproducible events are not science.
claim that cold fusion is not reproducible.
curiosity will continue to explore these
That is not true. Earthquakes are hardly
phenomena. Those with the inner desire
obviously have NOT attempted to reproduce
reproducible but geologists struggle and
to help humanity will innovate the field.
experiments of Dr. Miles, Dr. Storms, Dr. McKubre, or others.
continue with their
Furthermore, many papers
quote do not describe
humankind. Can you imagine stopping the
experiments performed correctly.
The skeptics oft-quoted "negative papers" have been
study of Earthquakes (or asteroid hits)?
shown to contain major errors, and most of the experiments
The skeptics have claimed that all of
the products of cold fusion are, or must be,
described in the papers have failed to achieve adequate loading
of the palladium. Some used poor calibration, another removed
This also is not true.
product: helium is in the very air we breathe,
the steady-state signal, and at least one may have failed to
and is simply not radioactive, but is rather a
mohas
Mitchell Swartz
Editor, COLD FUSION TIMES
Internet mica@world.std.com

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1686, "chars": 10603, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. Congressional Hearing
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1
distributed additional
copies of the video, the August
Popular
magazine, copies of the Clarke PASOLS speech, and technical papers by Pons
and Fleischmann, McKubre, Miles and others.
Members of Congress and their staff, whether or not they attended the
СВС video showing, now have in their hands all the information they need to
determine that cold fusion is an active field of investigation in Japan, in the
U.S., and elsewhere.
After the CBC video was shown for the first time, Jed
Rothwell read the following statement to the assembled guests:
"My area of expertise is cold fusion in Japan.
The video touched on
this subject, but it did not bring out the fact that Japan leads the world in this
research. I Speak Japanese
and I have been in contact with researchers,
government
officials,
and science
journalists
there
frequently.
The
information I am presenting today comes from national newspapers, technical
magazines and journals, and Official Japanese Govemment publications. Let
me address a few questions that people often ask me.
Question
I: What is
the Ministry of International Trade and
Industry (MITI) doing? In 1992, MITI organized a cold fusion research and
development consortium including 10 of Japan's largest corporations. In the
Spring of 1992, the newspapers reported that five other corporations asked to
join. Public interest in cold fusion picked up, and last July MITI'S plans were
featured in the mass media. The Yomiuri newspaper trumpeted the news in a
first page headline: "Nation Begins Full Scale Research." Cold fusion research
in Japan is not secret. Last fall, Mili invited me to a planning session of the
consortium, Where I learned about their plans in some detail. Ine members of
that consortium are listed on the back of my Fact Sheet handout. 'They include:
the Chubu Electric Power, Hitachi, Toshiba, Fuji Electric, Toyota and others.
The research is directed by a team of top scientists from these corporations,
lead by the distinguished Professors Pons and Fleischmann, in their role as
senior advisors to MITI. They work for Toyota, but they also help direct the
government program.
Question 2: What is the size of the effort? I estimate government
and private industry in Japan together spend at least $90 million per year on
cold fusion.
The number that you hear bandied about sometimes is $25 million
over 4 years from MITI, but that is only the tip of the iceberg. The director of
the MITI program explained that the $25 million is a special fund for extra
equipment; travel, and other expenses at the National Laboratories which
exceed normal discretionary funding levels. To get an idea of how serious
they are, let me point to the handout again. The list of Official Sponsors for the
Nagoya Conference includes:
The Physical Society of Japan, The Japan
Society of Applied Physics, Atomic Energy Society of Japan, The Institute of
Electrical Engineers of Japan.
Here is the latest edition of a top scientific
publication: the Journal of the Japan Society of Applied Physics. It includes 6
articles on cold fusion,
Forty-six Japanese corporations sent representatives
to the Nagoya Conference; they are listed in the handout. The head of the
Government program, kegami, estimates that 20 of the big corporations are
"serious about this research." Some of the smaller companies I talked to had
only one or two people. Big companies appeared to have 10 or 20, and Toyota,
which is the biggest, has at least 80 by my count. Very roughly, I estimate
there are 150 scientists in goverment and at least 450 in industry, a total of
600. With salary and overhead it comes to 590 million dollars. That does not
count capital expenditures like the Toyota lab you saw in the video. It was
built from the ground up for that purpose, so it must have cost tens of millions.
Question 3: How close are they to commercialization? The video
gave you a good idea of that. Starting from scratch in 1989, they have
Increased the strength of the reaction 100 fold. They achieved 150
watt
reactions last year,
with 10 times the power density of commercial fission
reactor rods, and high temperatures whích allow boiling water. This is a key
point: if you want to generate electricity, you have to boll water. By the end of
îhis year, as you saw, they hope to have 10 to 20,000 watt reactors that operate
MITI has said that they expect to see prototype electric power
generators by 1997. They have achieved 100% reproducibility on demanc
here are no signs of any roadblock, no shadow of any future technica
limitation, and no unsolved problems have been left behind to be dealt with
"later." So, I believe MITI's prediction: prototype power reactors by 1997.
The last question: What do they think it is? Why have they embraced
it? Well, they are not sure whether it is nuclear fusion or not. They know it is
not an experimental error, and they know it is not chemical energy. So, every
single Japanese scientist and government official has told me: "We don't know
what it is. That's what we are trying to find out." These are pragmatic people.
In 1989, they decided that cold fusion might just be a rea phenomenon,
they decided to investigate it. They found out it works. As the Director of the
MITI program said to me,
"I don't care what it is, as long as it works.
Following Jed's statement, Dr. Eugene Mallove_quoted Professor
Ikegami from the Proceedings of the Nagoya Conference: "It is my belief that
cold fusion will become one of the most important subjects in science, one for
which we have been working so patiently, with dedication and with courage,
Continued on page 8
from Bow, New Harapshire
Overview of COLD FUSION
by Eugene Mallove, J. Rothwell
centers around political confic, cataly, and ra leon sos: hat,
jealousy, rivalry, animosity, and fear of the unknown. The
"skeptics"
ure still fighting a rear guard delaying action; they must deny there i
any validity to the field, because if they admit that even a singl
experiment is valid, they open the floodgates. Positive cold fusion
experiments_have now
hundreds
been performed
over and over again
of top-notch laboratories worldwide,
ranging from
Los
Alamos National Laboratory,
SRT International and
Texas A&M
University, to BARC (Bhabha Atomic Research Center) India; from
Osaka University, Tokyo Institute of Technology, to Toyota.
The
"skeptic" is pushed into an unenviable position: he or she must insist
that every single one of these experiments is utterly wrong. To admit
that even one excess heat measurement - or one tritium measurement -
is right, is to admit that a nuclear effect exists in metals, Where by
conventional physics it has absolutely no
"right" to be. Nuclear
reactions are not supposed to be initiated in chemical systems near
room temperature, period!. So all claims must be denied, absolutely, no
matter how convincing the experiments. Do you suppose Toyota coula
confuse a temperature of 45 deg C with 100 deg C, or even 300 deg C?
Do you suppose three independent teams of veteran satety experts and
other scientists at India's best nuclear facility could mistake zero
tritium for tritium at levels hundreds of times higher than normal, in
dozens of experiments? If you are a
"skeptic" who wishes to deny
every scrap of data, you must defend these points of view. Your case
must be airtight, because if even one experiment is true then not only is
the effect real, but after all, why shouldn't the other experiments also
be true ?
So, unfortunately, cold fusion in the U.S. remains mired in
irrational denials and hysterical opposition. It is a bleak short-term
picture, but the reader must not allow this to cloud the essentially
positive, hopeful future outlook. There can be no question now that
enough momentum has developed in Japan to carry cold fusion
development through to an inevitable, positive conclusion. Dozens of
Japan's top corporations are working.in the field, and a whole array of--
Japan's leading organizations like the Physical Society, the Society of
Applied Physics, the Atomic Energy Society of Japan, and the IBED
regularly sponsor important meetings and conferences. Japan's Trigger
Magazine conducted a survey in May,
300 leading
industrialist and scientists what they thought of cold fusion. 198
responded (a phonomenally high 69% response rate). Of these, 95%
said they were
"very interested." When asked why cold fusion
experiments are still so difficult to do, 27 people expressed the typical
U.S.
"skeptical" point of view that it is because the phenomenon does
not exist; 23 said it is because the experiments have not been done very
well, so the results have not been clear cut; 127 said it is simply
because this is new science, and it takes time to learn how to do this
kind of thing; and 3 said they were not sure.
The level of interest and knowledge of cold fusion in the U.S.
and Europe is far smaller than in Japan! Most business and academic
leaders think that cold fusion disappeared in 1989. However, it is
important to note that despite the U.S.
govemment's appalling
treatment of cold fusion, private research institutions in the
U.S. are
carrying the ball for the science. Cold fusion will almost certainly
become a useful form of energy, in fact, we think it is likely to become
the overwhelmingly dominant form of energy for the foreseeable
future. However, this outcome cannot be perfectly certain - nothing in
life can be. No matter how good the prospects for a technology migh
appear, only a fool counts his chickens before they hatch. Cold fusior
looks very promising at the moment. There appear to be no roadblocks
and no reason to doubt that power reactors and other practical sources
of energy will appear within a few years. However, in the annals of the
history of technology, there are examples of last minute, unforseen
problems cropping up and derailing inventions. Freeman Dyson gives a
good example in his book Weapons and Hope: the Automatic Gun
aying Turret (AGLT), which was a radar guided antiaircraft gun
mounted on board British bombers in 1944. It could shoot down
attacking German fighter planes at night even more effectively than a
British bomber than a German fighter, The IFF (Identify Friend or Foe)
systems in 1944, that should have allowed the gun to automatically
•discriminate between British and German airplanes were only about
90% effective, so if the AGLT guns had been used as planned, they
would have shot down 40 British airplanes for each German. The IFF
could not be improved sufficiently, so the AGLT could only be used
Continued on page 5

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1070, "chars": 6774, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
COLD FUSION TIMES
THE DEVELOPMENT OF SPACE
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 2
delta-vee
* 90
Earth
The case for
mining platinum
group metal
(PGM) fron
asteroids is based
upon the scarcity of
these materials on
Earth.
left
A-yee is the
change
in
velocity
required to get from
one
point in space to
another. This graph is
from Jeff Beddow
of
Gravity Well Graphics
and is discussed in Dr.
Rotegard's article.
Mars
AAVITY WELL
GRAPHICS
on Earth.
C. LAUNCH TECHNOLOGY Most of the planning for space manufacturing is
built around the capabilities of existing. and proposed launch systems.
. The ability-to—
supply taw matenals, change crews, and return payloads are essential to this effort. The
Soviets have recently added a large launcher (Energia) and a yet unlaunched shuttle to
their existing family of launch systems and clearly have the best access to Low Earth
Orbit for commercial purposes. Jane's Spaceflight reports that plans are afoot in britain,
France, Germany, and Japan to develop reusable manned orbital vehicles. britain has the
Hotol vehicle, a spacecraft similar in concept to America's Tokyo Express. The patent on
the Hotol engine is held by Alan bond and engine development is licensed to Rolls Royce
with british Aerospace to build the aircraft. The French are developing Hermes
in
conjunction with their Ariane launches. Japan's NASDA also has a rocket launched
spacepiane in planning. The Federal Republic of Germany has its Sanger project.
The implications are clear. There is a worldwide effort to create new launch
vehicles and exploit the commercial potential of LEO. This commercial explosion should
be in full swing by the mid-1990's with most of the major industrial space-faring powers
compeung for markets in the space manutacturing area. Jerry Grey of AEROSPACE
AMERICA estimates that by the year 2000 there wilt be a total market of 10-20-billion
dollars for LEO manufacturing. Like Clarke's communications satellites before, space
manufacturing promises great rewards to corporations and nations that can master the
technology and exploit the opportunities, AEROSPACE AMERICA further estimates that
by the year 2000 satellite communications, LEO manufacturing and their related launch
services will be the core components of a 100 billion dollar a year near-earth space
industryi. TRAJECTORY RESEARCH The growing manned and unmanned industrial
complex in near-earth space in the 1990's will have to be supplied. Major options to
supply these bases include
supplies from Earth,
the moon,
the Mars system,
or
Earth-crossing asteroids. In the early days of the German rocket clubs and the british
Interplanetary Society visionaries in the field of interplanetary rocket travel realized that
distance as measured in kilometers through a near vacuum had very little relation to the
engineering difficulty or expense of various deep space missions. Delta V, or the total
change in velocity needed to propel a spacecraft from one orbit to another in the solar
Continued page 8
OVERVIEW of COLD FUSION
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4:
after visual contact was established, which meant it was only
marginally better than a manually operated gun
It is hard to imagine how cold fusion might run into a similar
problem, but of course, it the very nature of such problems is that
they cannot be anticipated! Other forms of nuclear energy started
out looking very promising in the 1940's but later proved to be
difficult to
perfect,
and
economically uncompetitive.
It is
conceivable - but we think highly unlikely - that cold fusion could
remain a fascinating but impractical laboratory curiosity, perhaps
for decades, perhaps even forever. It is however, very difficult to
imagine how cold fusion might be developed but then found to be
somewhat dangerous and economically uncompetitive like fission
energy. Cold fusion appears to be so simple, and so safe, that if it
works at all it will be an instant triumph in all areas. It will be cost
effective, economical, safe, and an environmental dream come true.
Certainly, from a technical standpoint, cold fusion has far fewer
drawbacks and potential problems than fission did in 1945. There is
nothing toxic, and nothing the least bit dangerous about a cold
fusion reactor; it appears to be far safer than chemical combustion -
fire. It does not appear to have any ill effects on any form of life
Naturally, before cold fusion generators can be mass produced, this
will have to be confirmed by extensive testing with laboratory
animals (and even plants). Potentially harmful radiations that can
be detected have been measured only a very low levels, and even
these give every sign of being "tunable" to even lower levels. The
main problem at the moment is that there is no generally accepted
theory of the operation of cold fusion, so we do not know exactly
how to "tune" them yet.
It is worth remembering that when new phenomena have
been discovered in the past which did turn out to have unexpected
ill effects, this fact was discovered very quickly, often within
months of the invention.
For example,
soon after Roentgen
announced the discovery of X-rays in 1895, doctors all over the
world were using X-ray machines to assist in diagnosis and surgery.
Within months, they overdid it while looking for a bullet lodged in
the body of a patient in New York City. The patient died
gruesomely, and the doctors operating the machine also suffered
terrible effects, and everyone knew at once that the X-ray machine
had to be used with caution. Soon after the discovery of
radioactivity in 1896, this, too was found to be dangerous, although
not in time to save Madam Curie from an early death from cancer
If years of direct exposure to cold fusion has any ill effects, we
shall soon find out about them through careful laboratory
experiments with rats and other animals, and also because cold
fusion scientists themselves are acting as unwitting "guinea pigs" -
they are exposed day and day out to unshielded devices. If it turns
out that cold fusion cells do cause some darage, or they do liberate
tritium at a level say, one-thousand times lower than the natural
radioactive background, then steps may have to be taken to contain
these threats.
Perhaps we could design cold fusion reactors to shut
down automatically if tritium production suddenly begins, or some
other threat materializes.
This would be no different in principle
from building things like self-sealing fuel tanks on airplanes, and
fuses in houses to prevent fires. Threats can be contained and
neutralized to a reasonable, livable level. Cold fusion will be far
easier to control and make safe than oil or fission power.
IMPACT
Cold Fusion Impact
by Hal Fox, Ed. Fusion Facts
(see Page 10)
Cold Fusion
Almanac
by Cold Fusion Research
Associates
(see Page 10)

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1901, "chars": 11972, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Response from Drs. Fleischmann and Pons
Continued from page 2
this method is a case of "overkill": it is perfectly sufficient to use simpler methods such as
multi-linear regression fitting if one aims for high accuracy. This is a topic which we will discuss
elsewhere [3].
For the present, we point out again that the purpose of our recent paper [2] was to
lustrate that the simplest possible techniques can be used
illustrate the generation of excess
enthalpy. It was for this reason that we chose the title: "Calorimetry of the Pd-DO system:
from simplicity via complications to simplicity".
Douglas Morrison ignores such considerations because his purpose evidently is to
tntroduce a critique of our work which has been published by the group ai General Electric 15].
We will show below that this critique is totally inelevant to the recent paper published in this
Jouroal (2],
However, as Douglas Morrison has raised the question of the critique published by
General Electric, we would like to point out once again that we have no dispute regarding the
particular method of data analysis favoured by that group [5]: their analysis is in fact based on the
at transfer coefficient (r"). If there was an area of dispute, then this was due solely to the fact
that Wilson et al introduced a subtraction of an energy term which bad already been allowed for in
our own data analysis, i.e. they made a "double subtraction error". By doing this they derived heat
transfer coefficients which showed that
refrigerators! Needless to say, such a situation contravenes the Second Law of Thermodynamics
as the entropy changes have already been taken into account by using the thermoneutral potential
of the cells.
We will leave others to judge whether our reply [6] to the cutique by the group at
General Electric [5] did or did not "address the malt questions posed by Wilson et al."
words of Douglas Morrison). However, as we have noted above the critique produced by Wilson
et al [S] is in any event irrelevant to the evaluations presented in our paper in this journal [2): we
have used the self-same method advocated by that group to derive the values of the excess
enthalpy given in our paper.
We therefore come to a most important question: "given that
Douglas Morrison accepts the methods advocated by the group at General Electric and, given that
we have used the same methods in the recent publication (2] should he not have accepted the
validity of the derived values?"
Stage 4 Calculation Douglas Morrison first of all raises the question whether parts of
the cell contents may have been expelled as droplets during the later stages of intense heating.
This is readily answered by titrating the residual cell contents: based on our earlier work about
95% of the residual, lithium deuteroxide is recovered; some is undoubtedly lost in the reaction of
his "aggressive" species with the glass components to font residues which cannot be titrated.
Furthernore, we have found that the total amounts of DO added to the cells (in some cases over
periods of several months) correspond precisely to the amounts predicted to be evolved by (a)
evaporation of DO at the instantaneous atmospheric pressures and (b) by electrolysis of DO to
form Dz and Oz at the appropriate currents; this balance can be maintained even at temperatures in
We note here that other research groups (eg [5]) have reported that some Li can be
detected outside the cell using atomic absorption
sensitive that it will undoubtedly detect the expulsion of small quantities of electrolyte in the
vapor stream, We also draw attention to the fact that DO bought from many suppliers contains
surfactants.
These are added to facilitate the filling of NMR sample tubes and are difficult
(probably impossible) to remove by normal methods of purificacion. There will undoubtedly be
excessive foaming (and expulsion of foam from the cells) if DO from such sources is used.
recommend the routine screening of the sources of DO and of the cell contents using NMR
techriques.
The primary reason for such routine screening is to check on the-H 0 content of the
ciectrolytes.
Secondly, Douglas Morrison raises the question of the influence of A.C. components of
the current, an issue which has been referred to before and which we have previously answered
[4].
It appears that Douglas Morrison does not appreciate the primary physics of power
dissipation from a constant current source controlled by negative feedback.
exacily the same as that which we have described previously [4]: it should be noted in addition
that we have always taken special steps to prevent oscillations in the galvanostats.
oltages are measured using fast sample-and-hold systems, the product (Ecet - Erhemoncural, but.
ill give the mean enthalpy input to the cells: the A.C, component is therefore determined by ti
ripple content of the current which is 0.04%.
In his third point on this section, Douglas Morrison appears to be re-establishing the
transition from nucleate to film boiling based on his expenience of the use of bubble chambers.
This transition is a well-understood phenomenon in the field of heat transter engineering.
A
careful reading of our paper (2] will show that we have addressed this question and that we have
pointed out that the transition from nucleate to film boiling can be extended to 1-10kW em 2 in the
presence of electrolytic gas evolution.
Fourthly and for good measure, Douglas Morrison once again introduces the question
of the effect of a putative catalytic recombination of oxygen and deuterium (notwithstanding the
fact that this has repeatedly been shown to be absent).
We refer to this question in the next
section; here we note that the maximum conceivable total rate of heat generation - 5mW for the
electrode dimensions used) will be reduced because intense Dz evolution and D¿O evaporation
degasses the oxygen from the solution in the vicinity of the cathode; furthermore, Dz cannot be
oxidised at the oxide coated Pt-anode.
We note furthermore that the maximum localised effect
will be observed when the density of the putative "hot spots" will be 1/8 where o is the thickness
of the boundary layer.
This gives us a maximum localised rate of heating of -6nW.
The effects
of such localised bot spots will be negligible because the
flow of heat in the metal (and the
Our
Favorite
Cartoon
of the
Quarter
NON SEQUITUR by Wiley
HOW REPORTERS START
THEIR DAY AT WORK...
Ed: "Even
'Fusion'?"
Boston Globe
solution) is governed by Laplace's Equation (here Fourier's Law). The spherical symmetry of
the field ensures that the temperature perturbations are eliminated (compare the elimination of
the electrical contact resistance of two plates touching at a small number of points).
believe that the onus is on Douglas Morrison to devise models which would have to be taken
seriously and which are capable of being subjected to quantitative analysis. Scatements of the
kind which he has made belong to the category of "arm waving".
Stare 5 Effects In this section
we are given a good illustradon of Douglas
Morrison's selective and biased reporting.
His description of this stage of the experiments
starts with an incomplete quotation of a single sentence in our paper. The full sentence reads:
*We also draw attention to some further important features: provided satisfactory electrode
materials are used, the reproducibility of the experiments is high following the boiling to
and the open-circuiting of
the cells nevertheless remain at a high
electrodes at the base of the els met so that the local temperate mister el on degrees
Douglas Morrison
boiling to dryness
open-circuiting of the cells, the cells nevertheless remain ar high temperature for prolonged
periods of time: furshermore the Kel-F supports of the electrodes at the base of the cells melt
so that the local temperature must exceed 300 degrees C".
Readers will observe that the most important part of the sentence, which we have
underlined, is omitted; we have emphasized the words
"satisfactory electrode materials"
because that is the nub of the problem. In common with the experience of other research
groups, we have had numerous experiments in which we have observed zero excess enthalpy
The major cause appears to be the cracking of the electrodes, a phenomenon
with respect to his
own quotation Douglas Morison goes on to say;
explanation is given and fig J0 is marked 'cell remains hot, excess heat unknown'
reason why we refrained from speculation about the phenomena at this stage of the work is
precisely because explanations are just that: speculations.
before the effects referred to can be explained in a quantitative fashion. Douglas Morrison
has no such inhibitions, we believe mainly because in the lengtby section Stage 5 Effects he
wishes
to disinter
"the cigarette lighter effect"
This phenomenon (the combustion of
bydrogen stored in palladium when this is exposed to the atmosphere was first proposed by
Kreysa et al [8] to explain one of our early observations: the vapourlsation of a large quantity
of D_O (-500ml) by a 1cm cube palladium cathode followed by the melting of the cathode
and parts of the cell components and destruction of a section of the fume
cupboard housing
the experiment 19]. Douglas Morrison (in common with other critics of "Cold Fusion") is
much attached to such "Chemical Explanations" of the "Cold Fusion" phenomena.
As this
particular explanation has been raised by Douglas Morrison, we examine it here
In the first place we note that the explanation of Kreysa et al [8] could not possibly
have applied to the experiment in question: the vapourisation of the DO alone would have
required ~ I.IMJ of energy whereas the combustion of all the D in the palladium would at
most have produced -8.4 KJ (assuming that the D/Pd ratio had reached -1 in the cathode), a
discrepancy of a factor of -130.
In the second place,
the timescale of the explanation is
impossible: the diffusional relaxation time is ~29 days whereas the phenomenon took at most
-6 hours (we have based this diffusional relaxation time on the value of the diffusion
coefficient in the alpha-phase; the processes of phase transformation coupled to diffusion an
nuch slower in the fully formed Pd-D system with a corresponding increase of the diffusiona
relaxation time for the removal of D from the lattice).
Thirdly, Kreysa et ai (8] confused the
notion of power (Watts) with that of cnergy (Joules) which is again an error which has been
promulgated by critics secking
"Chemical Explanations" of "Cold Fusion".
Thus Douglas
Morrison reiterates the notion of heat flow, no doubt in order to seck an explanation of the
high levels of excess enthalpy during Stage 4 of the experiments. We observe that at a heat
flow of 144.5W (corresponding to the rate of excess enthalpy generation in the experiment
liscussed in our paper [2] the total combustion of all the D in the cathode would be complete
• ~4.5 s, not the 600s of the duration of this stage. Needless to say, the D in the lattice coul
not reach the surface in that time (the diffusional relaxation time is 10° s) while the rate of
diffusion of oxygen through the boundary layer could lead at most to a rate of generation of
excess enthalpy of - 5mW.
Douglas Morrison next asserts that no evidence has been presented in the paper
Continued page 8
BE A
SUPPORTER
Please renew your
subscription rather
than photocopy.
Thank you.
We are preparing the next issuc of this journal
which now has readership around the World.
We want to invite you like to submit a
product information in this field.
FUSION TIMES is the ONLY joumal solely
involving cold fusion and its derivative
disciplines.
COLD FUSION TIMIES
O, Box d11E
ellesicy Hill, MA 0218
t-mal miche world com
TODAY 1 AM
AN
EXPERT IN:
"POLITICS ECONON CAR REPAIR HALTUCARS.
POPELEN AFARS COUNTY NAS OIL LINEGAR
"SPORTE STaLKS BONDNEE TOBO EXRESIVES
COMPUTERS" PLUMBING "FOOD SEPTIC INAS
FUSION LIPSUEMAN CARTOONS TRALDTRLE

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1097, "chars": 7033, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7
COLD FUSION TIMES
Cold Fusion in Japan
Continued from page 1
scientists are working on
number probably exceeds 1,000, and the research
probably costs more than $100 million per year.
This is a modest, low key effort by the standards of
industry. $100 million is, after all, about what it
would cost to build one computer chip factory, or to
redesign an automobile. Most research is conducted
in secret by major corporations like Toyota, Hitachi
and Mitsubishi. It is very difficult for anyone 10
know how many of these companies are seriously
working on the problem, and how much they are
spending.
pro rampan is are seabusly workd guess cold
companies are seriously working on cold
fusion."
In contrast, the government's role in cold
fusion is open. It is a matter of public record.
Research
Education,
' in
conducted by the
Ministry
of
University
and in
National
Laboratories. All details
of this research is
completely open to the public. Anyone can contact
the researchers, and they usually mail the latest
papers and data.
Any scientist or scientiticall
ninded member of the general public can maki
arrangements to visit the laboratories and see work
in progress.
In 1991, the Ministry of International
Trade
and Industry (MI'll formed an industry
consortium and launched a program to develop cold
fusion into a practical form: of energy! Information
about this* effort is harder to come by, because
private industry does not generally reveal many
details about ongoing research and development
programs in any field.
Boom & Bust - A Gradual Rebirth
The early history of cold fusion in Japan
followed the pattern seen in Europe and the United
States. There was an initial boom after the news
came out. Worldwide, several dozen experienced
electrochemists got positive results within a few
weeks of the announcement, and immediately went
to work on the problem seriously, in places like Los
Alamos, Texas A&M, and Stanford University. In
dozens
of
other
laboratories
however,
inexperienced physicists
and chemists tried the
experiment in a desultory fashion, without Wowing
enough about electrochemistry or the
conditions
necessary for success.
After a few months, the vast
majority oi these people gave up in disgust. While
this brouhaha ensued in the U.S., in Japan events
unfolded
much
more slowly, in a far
different
fashion. First, the boom was not as great as it was
in the Europe and America. Second,
there was
never
апу
serious
backlash.
The
majority
of
shat csta fusion could
physicisis, did not believe
and they did
attempt to replicate it in 1989. To this day, many of
remain
skeptical.
Ikegami, at the
National Institute for (hot) Fusion Science reacted
in a typical
Ministry of
Education
suggested to him that he shift a few percent of the
hot fusion budget into cold fusion, but he refused,
because he thought that cold fusion was a mistake.
Later, he changed_his mind,
and now he
become
one of Japan's leading
cold
has
fusion
scientists.
In Japan, a small - number of relatively
experienced electrochemists and nuclear chemists
began long term experiments. Many of them were
still calibrating and getting ready to begin the
actually experimental
work
weeks
following the (March 1989) announcement,
while the American teams were quitting
droves. In June 1989, the Japanese edition of
Scientific American took a serious look at cold
fusion in a "special issue article" titled Room
Temperature
Fusion, Basic
Knowledges anc
Actual
Experimental Conditions.
v the
autumn of 1989, positive results were reported
by the University of Osaka and the University
of Hokkaido. A short article about the Osaka
work appeared in a U.S. AP wire, but after this,
for two years, to our knowiedge nothing about
the
work in Japan appeared in the U.S. press,
and
matter, very little was published in Japan
In
1990, the Tokyo Univ. of Agriculture and
Lechnology group reponed excess neat in in
Julletin of the Chemical Society of Japan, anc
again on the first day of Nagoya Conférence in
1992
The Atomic Energy
Research
group
attended the Conference, but did not contribute
a paper.
Other people reporting early positive
results included: Tadahiko Mizuno,
Hokkaido
National University Akito
Takahashi,
Osaka
National University Eichi Yamaguchi, NTT
Corporation
The U.S. and Japanese paths
diverged radically from this time on. The DoE
BRAB
report
signalled
the
end
U.S.
participation in the field except at EPRI/SRI and
Utah's National Cold Fusion Institute. In the
U.S. and in Itaiy, "open season'
was declared
on cold fusion researchers and on scientists who
supported the idea of research in this area.
Britain's Nature magazine and other leading
scientific journals
declared cold fusion
mistake, and then a lie, and then a fraud. A full
scale "witch hunt" got underway in the U.S., as
the Washington Post, the Scientific American,
Nature,
the New York limes and dozens of
others joined in the savage, personal attacks
against cold fusion scientists. In Japan a few
dozen scientists buckled down for the long haul.
Many
Japanese corporate
labs, and
some
national laboratories, were growing discouraged
by late 1989, and dropping out of the field, with
a shrug of the shoulders.
Four books about cold
fusion were published in 1989 and 1990, which
ranged from cautious to optimistic.
The first Japanese scientist to announce
positive results was DI
Tadahiko Mizuno of
Hokkaido National University. He was wel
qualified, he has been working with metal
hydrides throughout his 20 year career in
electrochemistry. He set up an experiment in the
sub-basement
which
designed
to reduce background
15
from
cosmic and local sources to a low level. It has
concrete walls many meters thick, and a gigantic
lead door about a meter thick. In the fall of
moved on to detes ne trium. His first
tritium.
significant burst of heat came in 1991. Mizuno
says he came under severe criticism, and ran
into a wall of disbelief when he announced these
findings
at
the
Electrochemical
Society
meetings and elsewhere.
He got very little
funding for the work, and at one point, he was
even
forced to dig into his own pocket to
finance
research,
On the other
hand, the
Department Chairman supported the
idea of
doing cold fusion research, Mizuno did not have
compared
colleagues, he had a lot to be thankful for. At
least ne was allowed to spear and present papers
ai Electrochemical Society. In the U.S., not only
would he be shut
out of all
publications, but it is likely that his superiors
would
threaten to
fire him because he got
positive resuits!
Other
Japanese researchers who have
reported positive results have also spoken of the
harsh
criticism and opposition they encounter.
The Japanese edition
of Playboy magazine
continued on page 9
US. PATENT OFFICE
FORE AND IVI
JUST RE-LVENTED
GOVERNMENT!
YOURE N
HE WRONG
LIME, FAL!
The BEST' Editorial Cartoon of the Quarter
from The Boston Herald (9/11/93)
We wish our Vice President well in his uphill
quest against incompetance,
redundancy.
and
all
the
non-responsive
and non-optimal
parts of the
System.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 1761, "chars": 11500, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE DEVELOPMENZ OF SPACI
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 5
system, is a far better measure. Only the rocket burn
method needs fuel by taking the sum of all velocity
changes from burns of rocket engines in a mission we
arrive at a number either called a Delta-V total or
Velocity budget.
This number is directly proportional
to the fuel needed in the mission, and best short-hand
representation of the expense of sending a spacecraft
to a particular
destination.
An early published
example of this type of analysis was done by Arthur
C. Clarke in. He computed "velocity budgets" from
the Earth's surface to the Earth's moon, Mars and
Venus.
in the past few years many
papers
have
extended this analysis to the point where it is possible
to assemble a good picture of the economic geography
of the inner solar system and conceptualize a strategy
for the movement of mankind out from Low Earth
Orbit (LEO). Theoretical models suggest, Phobos is
between 4-20 percent water by weight with nitrogen
and carbon present. The oniy data we have at present
is the low albedo measured by Viking which indicates
a composition similar to C1 or C2 carbonaceous
chondrite meteorites, rich in volatiles
IL. ASTEROID RESEARCH Another space
enterprise that could emerge as a major industry in the
ZIst century is asteroid mining. There are only a few
minerals valuable enough to justify extra terrestrial
mining expeditions for an earth market. The platinum
group of metals,
platinum, pailadium,
osmium,
iridium, ruthenium, and rhodium, range in value from
about $400 a troy ounce to $1250 a troy ounce (for
rhodium). They are key in many important industrial
processes,
particularly as
catalysts.
Ninety-four
percent of the supply on Earth is controlled by the
USSR and the Republic of South Africa Rhodium,
key to pollution control technology, is 3 times the
price of gold and inflating rapidly. A shuttle load of
rhodium (50,000 Ibs) would be worth $750,000,000
US at current world prices. Most of the earth's
platinum metals are deep in the planet's iron nickel
core: Asteroids, particulerly the iron nickel type,
which comprise perhaps 10% main belt asteroids, are
thought to be richer in the platinum group metals than
the best ores from the Earth's crust. Current research
prehistoric
Earth impacts
by
extraterrestrial
objects indicates that a high percentage of platinum
metals, particularly iridium and osmium, is one of the
major signatures
of comets/asteroids
that
caused
major extinctions in the geological past. There is a
significant chance that even Phobos and Deimos
(thought
to be captured asteroids) may have
economically
viable
concentrations of
strategic
metals.
Speculation about Phobos and Deimos has
centered on their suspected richness in volatiles for
fuel and life support. The moons of Mars, Phobos and
Deimos, may be natural sources of fuel, volatiles and
bulk material for a LEO end-marker. They are also
good bases for the exploration of Mars.
EPRI codership in Science and Technology
Fourth
International
Conference
(ICCF-4)
of
intensive
Four years
investigation
uncovered
wide
have
variety
of
unexpected
phenomena
occurring
in condensed matter under ambient
conditions.
'The
phenomena
question
in
and
their
associated
disciplines include excess power
generation,
nuclear
product
formation
electrochemical studies
of
deuterated
metal
solid-state
physics
orsmeta
metal
matrices,
coberent
processes,
behavior of gas-metal systems, and
improved
precision
calorimetric
techniques.
Information Linda Nelson, EPRI,
(415) 855-2127
Response
Continued from page 6
about stages three or four using H20 in place of DO. As has
already been pointed out above he has failed to comment on
the
extensive
experiment"
discussion
Admittediy,
in
our paper
the
of
"blank
evidence
was restricted to
stages 1 and 2 of his own classification but a reference to an
independent review of our own work [10] will show him and
interested readers that such cells stay in thermal balance to at
least 90 degrees C (we note that Douglas Morrison was
present at the Second Annual Conference on Cold Fusion).
We find statements of the kind made by Douglas Morrison
distasteful.
Haye scientists now abandoned the notion of
verifying their facts before rushing into print?
in the last paragraph of this section Douglas
Morrison tnally "boxes himself into a corner': having set up
an unlikely and unworkable scenario he finds that this
cannot explain Stage 5 of the experiment.
In the normal
ourse of events this should have led him to: (i) engure o
15 whether the particular experiment is typical of such cells
(ii) to revise his own scenario. Instead, he implies that our
experiment is incorrect, a view which he apparently shares
with Tom
Droege 111].
observation is just that: an experimental observation.
fact that celis containing.
cathodes
polarised in
temperatures after they have been driven to such extremes of
excess enthalpy, generation does not present us with any
difficulties.
It is certainly possible to choose conditions
which also lead to "boiling to dryness" in "blank cells" but
such cells cool down immediately after such "boiling to
dryness".
If there are any difficulties in our observations,
then these are surely in the province of those seeking
explanations in terms of "Chemical Effects"
Fusion". It is certainly true that the heat transfer coefficient
for cells filled with gas (N2) stay close to those for cells
filled with O.IM LIOD (this is not surprising because the
main thermal impedance is across the vacuum gap of the
Dewar-type cells).
generated - 120kJ during the period at which it remained at
high temperature (or -3MJcm) or 26MJ(mol Pd)').
refrained
from discussing this stage of the experiments
because the cells and procedures we have used are not well
suited for making quantitative measurements in this region.
Inevitably, therefore, interpretations are speculative.
is no doubt, however, that Stage 5 is probably the most
interesting part of the experiments in that-it points towards
new systems which merit investigation., Suffice it to say that
energies in the range observed are not within the realm of
any chemical explanations.
We do,
however,
feel that it is justified to
conclude with a further comment at this point in time.
Aficionados of the field of "Hot Fusion" will realize that
there is a large release of excess energy during Stage 5 at
zero energy input. The system is therefore operating under
conditions
Fusion".
which are described as "Ignition"
"Hot
It appears to us therefore that these types
of
systems not only "merit investigation" (as we have stated in
the last paragraph) but, more correctly,
*merit frantic
investigation".
Morrison's "Conchusions" and General Comments
In his section entitled
"Conclusions";
Douglas
Morrison shows yet again that he does not understand the
nature of our experimental techniques, procedures and
The MIT
Entrepreneurs Club
aka: "The E-Club"
weekly meetings, year-round
every Tuesday at 6рm & 7pr
66-144 & 66-148 at MIl
"No-Tech to High-Tech
Start-Up Help"
Information: y-mall & Info-tree
(617) 253-2000
e-newsletter subscriptions:
ce-club-request @ athena,mit edur
er questions COL
lub Co-rounder/co-Direc
Richard Snyduroff, tele: (617)
253-2000, fax: 253-8000
Internet:
methods of data evaluation (or, perhaps, that be chooses to
misunderstand these?). Funhermore, he fails to appreciate that
some of his own recommendations regarding the
experiment
design would effectively preclude the observation of high levels of
excess enthalpy.
We illustrate these shortcomings with a number of
examples:
(i) Douglas Morrison asserts that accurate calorimetry
requires the use of three thermal impedances in series and that we
do not follow this practice. In point of fact we do have three
impedances in series: from the foom housing the experiments to a
heat sink (with two independent controllers to thermostat the room
itself); from the thermostat tanks to the room (and, for good
measure, from the thermostar tanks to further thermostatically
controlled sinks); finaily, from tbe cells to the thermostat tanks.
this way, we are able to maintain 64 experiments at reasonable
cost at any
one time (typically two separate five-factor
expenments).
(ii) It is naturally essential to measure the heat flow at
one of these
therma! impedances and we follow the normal
convention of doing this at the innermost surface (we could hardly
lo otherwise with our
In our
calonmeters,
Dewar vessels which ensures high stability of the heat transfer
coefficients. The silvering of the top section of the Dewars (see
Fig 2 of our paper 12] further ensures that the heat transfer
coefficients are virtually independent of the level of electrolyte in
the cells.
(lii) Douglas Morrison suggests that we should use
fashion,
isothermal calorimeters do not require calibration.
We do not
understand: how he can entertain such a potion? All calorimeters
require calibration and this is normally done by using an electrical
Joule
that in Aedless of cal ore use hehe name of the ce orecion
terms are "hidden" by the method of calibration. Of course,
could follow the self-same practice but we choose to allow for
some of these terms explicitly.
For example, we allow for the
enthalpy of evaporation of the DO.
interested in the operation of the systems under extreme conditions
the
dominant form of heat transfer (it would not be sensible to include
the dominant term into a correction).
relater to (ill) i.e. the need to calibrate the calorimeters. If one
chooses to measure the lower boünd of the heat transfer coefficient
(as we have done in part of the paper published recently in this
journal (2]) then there is no necd to carry out any calibrations nor
to make comections.
It is then quite sufficient to investigate the
time dependence of this lower bound heat transfer coefficient in
order to show that there is a generation of excess enthalpy for the
Pd-DO
system
whereas
there
is
Do such
generation
appropriate blanks (e.g. Pt-DO or Pd-HO). Alternatively, one can
Use
the maximum
value
of the lower
bound heat
transier
coefficient to give lower bound values of the rates of excess
enthalpy generation.
It appears to us that Douglas Morrison has
failed to understand this point as he continuously asserts that our
demonstrations of excess enthalpy generation are dependent on
calibrations and corrections.
(v) Further with regard to (ilt) it appears to us that
Douglas Morrison
believes that a "null method"
fas used in
isothermal calorimeters) is inherently more accurate than say the
Continued on Page 10
Congressional Hearing
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4:
for future generations, for those who will live in the
twenty-first century."
The two
action items that_CFRA emphasized
were: (1) To allow a $300K study by the National Academy of
Sciences (NAS) of "Alternative 'Fusion Energy" and (2) Hold
hearings on cold fusion in
the relevant House and Senate
Committees.
These are the goals which CFRA feels are most
immediately attainable.
Ed.
The Staff
of
COLD
FUSION
TIMES
acknowledges the courage of those Congresspeople who are looking
into this field, and what happened to it in mid-
and late-'89.
The
TRIGGER poll (page 9) offers a glimpse into the divergent points of
view over cold fusion elsewhere (in Japan).
No Portion of this journal may be reproduced, stored in a
tetrieval systemi, or transmited, in any form or by any
means, including electronic, print, photocopy, mechanical
recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of
co COLD FUSION IMES

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 908, "chars": 5808, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9
COLD FUSION TIMES
Cola Fusion in Japan
The editors printed four pages of excerpts from
the comments.
Here are a few of the questions and
Continued from page 7
number of responses.
interviewed
Dr. Takahashi. The interviewer,
Teruaki
suggested that
before
the
Japanese
establishment accepted cold fusion, Takahashi and'
others
would have to:
"take part in their physics conferences,
and publish in their journals. I see you have not done that
yet, Can you tell us why. not?"
Takahashi, a modest, easy going man, responded
type; I do not look for a quick, decisive outcome. I don't
At those physics conference there would be
many of these so called renowned and famous physicists,
of them are confirmed skeptics,
believe cold fusion exits. I cannot see myself charging in
here with a bamboo spear, like Don Quixote attacking a
windmill, and getting into an academic debate. If we are
foe fords, gradacie, and tell pretent repare,
surround them; take the castle one moat at time,
expression goes. The critical thing is to build up the idea
over time, until the mood swings in our direction, and they
invite me in to do a lecture."
Later in the interview, he said:,.cold fusion has
not becomes acceptable to the larger world of science yet,
by a long shot; it will take a lot more work. It won't
happen
tntil
all those famous professors
at paysics
conferences - the people we were talking about before -
accept that cold fusion is real... As for me, why, during the
Nagoya meeting, me and my theory might
be drawn,
quartered, and thrown into the trash.
In his book Capturing the Sun in A Test Tube,
Yamaguchi describes the intense
barrage of attacks he
came 'under aiter announcing at the Nagoya Conference
that he had detected commensurate
amounts of helium-4.
He felt overwhelmed by the hysterical, jealousy, hate and
malice, and he felt appalled that scientist would act in such
unscrupulous ways.
But all that is no longer open to
discussion.
Cold fusion experiments and replication left
those levels of doubt a long time ago, and entered a more
concrete stage of development.
Anyone who still says,
'such nonsense, it can't be!,
is simply not looking
reality." In December 1991, Bungeishunju published a two
page photo-essay, tilled "Finally off an running: research
on 'the ultimate dream energy".
The Attitudes of Decision Makers - The
Trigger Poll Many Americans want to know what
the middle aged "decision makers"
scientific establishment think of cold fusion.
scientists in industry, in the universities and in the
national laboratories think cold fusion is real? Do
they think it will become a practical source of
energy? In most countries, we would be forced to
Japanese publishers are very fond of public opinion
research and polling, so we have detailed answers.
Regarding.
cold fusion,) "Drs. Pons
and
Fleischmann, and Dr. Jones, announced the work.
Yet replication experiments are still in progress,
and the work is still controversial. Why do you
think it has taken this amount of time ?*
A Because the effect does not exist, and attempts to
replicate it are a waste of time. 27
Because the replications attempts hve been low
quality scientific work. 23
Because it is a new phenomenon, and it is natural
that replication should take a long time. 127
"In 1989, the discovery of Pons and Fleischmann
was first announced by the London interest in the
field. Do you think
this Financial Times, which
a world-wide fever is an appropriate
forum for the announcement of a
A It was appropriate 39
B. It was inappropriate 106
C. Don't know 35
In What Time
eriod will Hot Fusion b
made Practical,
it can he
I mid 21st Century
• Latter 21st Cent
IT During 22nd Cent
• Don't Know
"The Ministry
of International Trade
(MITI)
funding
and
research. Elow do you feel about the Cold fusion
A The nation should support cold fusion research. 60
B. The nation need not support this research. 21
C. If cold fusion turns out to be real,
then a
large-scale national project will be in order, but
support at present is premature. 85
D. Don't know. 12
"What do you think of the future prospects for
cold fusion!
A I think it will become a practical, desirable form
of energy 29
B. I think the prospects for practical use of cold
fusion are poor 95
C. Don't know 52
"How would you characterize media coverage of
cold fusion?" "
A There have been enough reports 16
B. There has not been enough coverage 42
C. There have been many reports, but the quality of
these reports is low 111
D. Don't know 8
Ed. note: These short excerpts are from
COLD
FUSION
ALMANAC
(in preparation - see page 10).
COLD FUSION
TIMES
invites the reader to take
a closer look at the
TRIGGER Survey of
FUSION
1993 edition, Vol. 12, No. 6. Trigger sent out 300
questionnaires to leading scientists at universities,
industrial corporations, and national laboratories.
They got back 180 responses, a 63% response rate,
which is a staggering high response rate, even for
The respondents represent the decision
making class of Japan: the largest age group
represented is the 55 - 59 year olds, 24% of the total
Not only was the response rate high, but the
editors of Trigger were flabbergasted to find that
"over
100"
respondents
included
extensive
additional comments, averaging about 200 words
apiece, but some including a whole page or two of
comments.
HOT FUSION - WHAT ARE THE FUTURE
PROSPECTS
_ No hope to be
practical
• Difficult, continue
to make practical
I Can be made
practical
Don't know
Who Took the
TRIGGER poll?
• Corporations
Universities
National Labs
Other
COLD FUSION
REPLICATION EXPERIMENTS ARE STILL IN
PROGRESS AND THE WORK REMAINS
CONTROVERSIAL.
WHY DO YOU THINK
IT HAS TAKEN THIS AMOUNT OF TIME?
• It does not
exist
•Replication
attempts are poor
quality work.
IT New phenomena
naturally take a
long time to
replicate
Don't know

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 1198, "chars": 7804, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Response
from page 8
isoperibolic calorimetry which we favour.
While it is certainly believed
that "null" methods in the Physical Sciences can be made to be more
accurate than direct measurements (e.g.
when a voltage difference is
detected as in bridge circuits: however, note that even here the advent of
"ramp" methods
makes this assumption questionable) this advantage
disappears when it is necessary to transduce the primary signal. In that
case the accuracy of all the methods is determined by the measurement
accuracy (here of the temperature) quite inespective of which particular
technique is used. In point of fact and with particular reference to the
supposed advantages of isothermal versus isoperibolic calorimetry, we
note that in the former the large thermal mass of the calorimeter appears
across the input of the feedback
regulator.
The broadband
noise
performance of the system is therefore poor;
attempts to improve the
performance by integrating over long times drive the electronics into 1/f
boise and, needless
to say, the frequency response of the system is
degraded, (see also (vil) below)
(vi) with regard to implementing measarements with isothermal
calorimeters, Douglas Morrison recommends the use of internal catalytic
recombiners (so that the enthalpy input to the system is just Ecell * I rather
than (Ell - Ebersametal, bai) " I as in our "open" calorimeters,
We find it
interesting that Douglas Morrison will now countenance the introduction
of intense local "hot spots" on the recombiners (What is more in the gas
phasel)
whereas in the earlier parts of his critique he objects to the
possible creation of microscopic
"hot spots" on the clectrode surfaces in
contact with the solution.
We consider this criticism from Douglas Morrison to be invalid
and inapplicable. In the first place it is inapplicable because the term
Earnertibu "! (which we require in our analysis) is known with high
precision (it is determined by the enthalpy of formation of DO from Dz
and 1/2 02). In the second place it is inapplicable because the term itself
is -0.77 Watt whereas we are measuring a total enthalpy output of I~170
Watts in the last stages of the experiment.
(vil) We observe here that if we had followed the advice to use
isothermal calorimetry for the main part of our work, then we would have
been unable to take advantage of the "positive feedback" to drive the
stem into regions of high excess enthalpy generation (perhaps, state
e would not have found that there is such positi
feedback).
more exact the fact that there is such feedback was pointed out by
Michael McKubre at the Third Annual Conference of Cold Fusion and
strongly endorsed by one of us (M.F.). As this issue had then been raised
in public, we have felt freesto comment on this point in our papers
(although we have previously drawn attention to
this fact in private
discussions). We nots that Douglas Morrison was present at' the Third
Annual Conference on Cold Fusion.
(vill) While it is certainly true that the calorimetric methods
need to be evolved, we do not believe that an emphasis on isothermal
calorimetry will be useful.
For example, we can identify three major
requirements at the present time: a) the design of calorimeters which
allow charging of the electrodes at low thermal inputs and temperatures
below 50 degrees C followed by operation at high thermal outputs and
temperatures above 100 degrees C, b) the design of calorimeters which
allow the exploration of Stage 5 of the experiments, c) the design of
calorimeters baving a wide frequency response in order to explore tht
transfer functions of the systems.
We note that c) will in itself lead to
calorimeters having an accuracy which could hardly be rivalled by other
(ix) Douglas Morrison's critique implies that we have never
used calorimetric techniques other than that described in our recent paper
Needless to say, this assertion is incorrect. Il is true, however, that
we have never found a technique which is more satisfactory than the
isoperibolic method which we have described. It is also true that this is the
only method which we have found so far which can be implemented
within our resources for the number of experiments which we consider to
In our approach we have chosen to achieve accuracy by
using software; others may prefer to use bardware.
which is the wiser choice is difficult to answer: it is a dilemma which has
to be faced frequently in modern experimental science.
feedback regulators working in series) as being "simple" where he regards
data analysis as being complicated.
Douglas Morrison also asserts that
we have never used more than one thermistor in our experimentation and
he raises this issue in connection with measurements on cells driven to
boiling. Needless to say, this assertion is also incorrect.
to this remark is it necessary for us to point out that one doss not need any
temperature measurement in order to determine the rate of boiline of a
(x)
Douglas Morrison evidently has
difficuities
with our
application of non-linear regression methods to fit the integrals of the
differential equations to the experimental data,
Indeed he has such an
idee fixe regarding this point that he maintains that we used this method
in our recent paper [2); we did not do so (see also 'stage 3 calculations"
above).
However,
we
note
that we
find
attitude to the
Levenberg-Marquardt algorithm hard to understand. It is one of the most
powerful, easily implemented "canned software" methoxis for problems of
this kind. A classic text for applications of this algorithm [12] has been
praised by most prominent physics journals and magazines.
(xi) Douglas Morrison's account contains numerous misleading
comments and descriptions. For example, he refers to our calorimeters as
"small transparent test tubes".
It is hard for us to understand why he
chooses to make such misleading statements.
In this particular case he
Continued page 11
FOR THE WORLD
(and more information)
10
We want to thank the many
readers, contributors,
supporters, helpers,
consultants, and friends who
have continued to help bring
the COLD FUSION
TIMES to fruition.
NuTECH is actively seeking
interested individuals in the field of
cold fusion. Send your resume',
or background, or brief summary
of your interests to NuTECH co
COLD
FUSION
TIMES
(Dept. N3-1)
The World
A Public Information Utility
Software Tool & Die
1330 Beacon Street, Suite 215
Brookline, Massachusetts
02146
office@world.std.com
617-739-0202
The Memory Location
COLD FUSION TIMES
Published quarterly. Annual subscription
rate is $50.00 per year.
Single issues are $16.00.
There is an extra postage and handling charge of
$12.00 per ycar [US currency only please] fororders
outside of the United States.
*P.Or-Box 81135-
Wellesley His Mossaciuscris 02181
(617) 237-6846 Voice • (617) 237-9525 Fax
The Store for Amiga Explorers
• The Cold
Fusion
• Newsletter
One (1) year
(bimonthly) $180.00
PO Box 60642
Palo Alto, CA
94306
Minnesota Cold Fusion
Alliance
#2 223 Ridgewood
Minneapolis, MN 55403
A VERY SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY
Wans to Learn About COLD FUSION7
Special - only $89 (*)
1) "Fire From Ice" by Dr. Eugene Mallove (Wiley)
2) 'COLD FUSION IMPACT' by Hal Fox
3) A 1 year subscription to COLD FUSION TIMES
write to COLD FUSION TIMES, BOX C-3
(* add $15.00 [US currency only please] for orders
outside of the United States of America)
Offer ends Dec. 21, 1993 and is void where not allowed
JET Technology
ices fo
Materaland Correste
Science and Engineering
1617 239-8383
FUSION FACTS
_P.O. Box 58639
Salt Lake City, UT
84158
(801) 583-6232
12 issues (1 year)
$345
BOOKS
AVAILABLE ON THE SUBJECT
OF
COLD FUSION
COLD FUSION IMPACT
$24.95
FIRE FROM ICE
$22.95
COLD FUSION ALMANAC (-S60 ia preparatios)
Thes cure extral passen or dies baside of 56,00
United Scates.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 1181, "chars": 8083, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION TIMES
*from Valborne, France --Response
from page 10
could equally well have said"glass Dewar vessels silvered in their
top portion" (which is accurate) rather than "small transparent test
tubes" (which is not). Alternatively, if he did not wish to provide
an accurate description, he could simply have referred readers to
Fig 2 of our paper [2].
This type of misrepresentation is a
non-trivial matter,
We have never used calorimeters made of
test-tubes since we do not believe that such devices can be made
to function satisfactonly.
(xii) As a further example of Douglas Morrison's
inaccurate reporting, we quote his last paragraph in full:
"It is
interesting
note that the
Fleischmann
and Pons
paper
compares their claimed power production with that from nuciear
reactions in
a nuciear reactor and this is in line with their
dramatic claims (9) thar "SIMPLE. EXPERIMENT' RESULTS IN
SUSTAINED N-BUSION AT ROOM TEMPERATURE FOR THE
diycluel breakthrough process has polentiai to provide
inerhaustible source of energy". It may be noted that the present
paper does not mention
"Cold Fusion" nor indeed consider a
possible nuclear source for the excess heat claimed."
Douglas Morrison's reference (9) neads: Press release,
paragraph we note that: a) our claim that the phenomena cannot
be explained by chemical or conventional physical processes is
based on the energy produced in the various stages and not the
power output, b) the dramatic claim he refers to was made by the
Press Office of the University of Utah and not by us, c) we did not
coin the term "Cold Fusion" and have avoided using this tenn
except in those instances where we refer to other research workers
who have described the system in this way. Indeed, if readers
refer to our paper presented to the Third International Conference
on Cold Fusion [i3] (which contains further information abour
some of the experiments described in (2]), they will find that we
have not used the term there. Indeed, we remain as convinced as
ever that the excess energy produced cannot be explained in terms
of the conventional reaction paths of "Hot Fusion"
been widely stated that the editor of this journal "did not allow us
to use the term Cold Fusion", This is not true: he did not forbid
us from using this term as we never did use it (see also [13]).
(xili) In his section "Conclusions", Douglas Morrison
11
makes the following summary of his opinion of our paper: "The
experiment and some of the calculations have been described as
This is incorrect - the process involving chaotic
is complet and may oppear simple by incorrecriy
describe the experiments as "poor" rasher than
urge the readers of this journal to consult the original text [2)
and to read Douglas Morrison's critique [1) in the context of the
They may well then come to the conclusion that
our approach did after all merit the description "simple" but that
the epithet "poor" should be attached to Douglas Morrison's
Douglas Morrison has decided to publish his criticisms of our
work in the conventional scientific literature rather than relying
we three is many coresponse to to and his armike.
Following this traditional pattern of publication will ensure that
their comments are properly recorded for future use and that the
rights of scientific referees will not be abrogated. Furthermore
it is our view that a retum to this traditional pattern
communication will in due course eliminate the illogical and
hysterical remarks which have been so. evident in the messages
on the electronic bulletins and in the scientific tabloid press.
this proves to be the case, we may yet be able to return to a
reasoned discussion of new research. Indeed, critics may decide
that the proper course of inquiry is to address a personal letter to
inadequately explained sections of publications.
general description of stages 1-5, we find that the comments
made by Douglas Morrison are either irrelevant or inaccurate or
References
[1] Douglas Morrison, Critique published on Internet
İ2] M.Fleischmann and S. Pons, Phys. Lett. A 176 (1993) 1
[3] to be published
[4] M.Fleischmann, S.Pons, M. W.Anderson, L.J. Li, and M.
Hawkins, J, Electroanal. Chem. 287 (1990) 293.
[5) R.H. Wilson, I.W. Bray, P.G. Kosky, H,B. Vakil, and F.G
Will, J, Electroanal. Chem. 332 (1992) 1
[6] M.Fleischmann and S.Pons, J.Electroanal. Chem, 332
(1992) 33
[7] S. Pons and M.Fleischmann in : Final Report to the Utah
State Energy Advisory Council, June 1991.
[8] G. Kreysa, G. Marx, and W.Plieth, I, Electroanal, Chem.
268 (1989)659
(9] M. Fleischmann and S. Pons, J, Electroanal. Chem, 261
[10] W.Hansen, Report to the Utah State Fusion Energy
Council on the Analysis of Selected Pons-Fleischmann
i 33 socie Conference Proced of th
Physical
(Bologna,
ISBN-887794--045-X
[11] T. Droege: private communication to Douglas Morrison.
[12] W.H. Press,
B.P. Flannery, S.A. Teukolsky,
and W.T.
Vetterling,
"Numerical Recipes", Cambridge
University
Press, Cambridge, 1989.
[13] M. Fleischmann and S. Pons "Frontiers of Cold Fusion"
ed. H. Ikegami, Universal Academy Press Inc., Tokyo, 1993,
p47; ISBN 4-946-443-12-6
(*) Ed. - We apologize to our readers for the shortened "What's Happenin'" column with
"From News in the Internet" but we are fortunate to have here the up-to-date reply of the two
inventors of electrolytic loading of an isotopic material into a material. Although they may be
modest in their referral to COLD FUSION and the reactions which take place therein, we are
grateful both for their discovery and their timely reporting of it.
WHAT'S
HAPPENIN®
¡including News from the INTERNET (*))
when you hold the holy era in you hand, f5 hard to deny ti
existor. Edmund Storms, Los Alamos National Laboratory, CBC News)
"In Harwell's D2O Cell 3 there are more than ten time intervals
where
storage
Harwell Cells 1,2,3 and
4 were wired in series to a constant current source.
***
of energy.
heelch, MoE, tense, Wrome Lessons from 3 Years of
Melich, M.c.
Electrochemical Calorimetry", in ICCF-3 Frontiers of Cold Fusion",
Universal Academy Press, Inc. (1993)}
Proposed Federal Actions to Regain
•U.S. Leadership in Cold Fusion
(based upon CFRA; see page I)
I. Remove Obstacies
* Allow NAS Study on Altemative Fusion
* Cold Fusion Research Category for SBI
* Identify Reasons for Obstacles at Potent Office
L. Promote Involvement at National Leve
Hold Hearings on Cold Fusion to:
- Review New Developments
• Examine International Aspects
• Develop U.S. Initiatiyes
II. Fund Research
* Existing at Federal Labs
* University Research in Cold Fusion
* Innovative Research
from Toronto, Canada
-ontinued from Page 12
The Secret Lile of Cold Fusion
institutions that have reported positive results.
The
original
experiment has been refined and improved by Pons and Fleischmann
in a state-of-the-art laboratory in France funded by Japan's giant
Toyota corporation. Thompson interviewed Dr. Pons in his new
laboratory about the continued work on cold fusion. He also reported
on scientists from research institutes in Great Britain, Russia, Japan,
and the United States about the Pons/Flesichmann experiment and
alternative methods of creating cold fusion. And he reported from
those who discount the entire idea of cold fusion -- a majority that is
slowly eroding as more and more scientists become convinced that
something extraordinary did happen in Utah four years ago. ICBC
Prime Time News was a production of CBC News.]
COLD FUSION TIMES
Publisher and Editor: Mitchell Swartz
P.O. Box 81135, Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts 02181
(617) 239-8383
Internet address: mica@world.std.com
Contributors and Consultants for this issue: Stephen Baer, Eugene Mallove,
Malcolm Partridge, Jed Rothwell, Dana Rotegard, Julius Mariasis,
Lconard Kessel
Richard Goldbaum, Heidi LaFleche, Jeffery Tolleson,
Don Towne, Gayle Verner, John Voci, Jayne Yaffe
COLD FUSION TIVIES is published quarterly. Annual
subscription rate is $50.00 per year.
ogle issues are $16.0
ere is an extra postage charge outside North America of $12.
per year; US currency only please.
©1993 JET
Technology
All Rights Reserved

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 1586, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO:
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts
02181
The Secret Life of
Cold Fusion
A CBC Prime Time News
Documentary
CBC Prime Time News presented
The Secret Life of Cold Fusion, a
half-hour investigative documentary on
Thursday June 24 at 9 p.m. on CBC
Television. Journalist Jerry Thompson and
Producer Robin Christmas reported that
research continues quietly in laboratories
around
the
world
a scientific
breakthrough that, if it proves to be true,
could help solve the
world's energy
problems beyond the next millennium.
Four years ago near Salt Lake City,
when Dr. Stanley Pons and Dr. Martin.
Fleischmann announced that they had been
able to create cold fusion using a car
battery and a test tube, they became
overnight celebrities. Their theory was
widely discounted by a skeptical scientific
community almost as quickly. Since then,
while cold fusion has disappeared from the
headlines, a number of elite and powerful
research labs and companies around the
world have been conducting their own'
experiments, away from the glare of
publicity. In researching this story, Prime
Time News was contacted by twenty nine
Continued Page 11
There is an extra postage charge outside
North America of $12.00 per year.
Offer Void where prohibited by law.
innual rate is $50.0
Ce sues are star sa
Published quarterly
ISSN# 1072-2874
TIMES
COLD FUSION
Subscriptions &
Editorial information:
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135, Wellesley
Hills, Massachusetts 02181.
COLD FUSION TIMES
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE
@copy lEt Technology
HAS GONE BEFORE
VOLUME 1 NUMBER3
FALL '93
