{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T22:27:43Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 827970, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119384-cold-fusion-times-spring-1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "c00b7b4cb113d6e493833e2fd425f897da1a73a3f72f2cf7aa4cb18dc10413b5"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 629, "chars": 4118, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IN THIS ISSUE
COLD
FUSION UPDATE..
COLD FUSION POLITICS...
COLD
FUSION RADAR...
COLD
FUSION ANAGRAM...
COLD FUSION THEORIES
FOR THE WORLD
Volume 3 Number 1
2
1,9
2
4
HELIUM PRODUCTION.
ICCF-4 PROCEEDINGS
ICCE-5 CONFERENCE
INK WARS
LETTER CORNER
MATERIALS CORNER
MORE INFORMATION.•
Spring 1995
7
1,4,8
9
1,6,9
9
7,5
2,3,8
PATENTS
PEOPLE IN THE NEWS
PROTON CONDUCTORS.
RECENT WORK AT SRI
TECHNOLOGY
TOWARD THE FUTURE
WHAT'S HAPPENIN'
10
2,4,5,7
4,6,8,9
ISSN# 1072-2874
COLD FUSION TIMES
INK WARS?
"COLD FUSION"
MAGAZINE FOLDS
Two more newsletters?
IÇCF-5 ON LINE
CONSERVATIVES
ICCF-4 PROCEEDINGS
HOPE FOR FUSION
HIT PRESS
(Palo Alto, California) As the COLD
(New Hampshire) - The third and
FUSION TIMES previously reported,
final issue of the glossy "COLD FU. ICCF-4 information is available now. About
SION" magazine was its last. The post
four pounds, several inches thick, of cold fu-
sion literature chock-filled with theory, ma-
mortem has spawned more hot finger-
terials
data,
engineering, calorimetry,
pointing along with perhaps one, hope- nuclear product information, and much
fully two, newsletters. Speculation of its more, The Conference was co-sponsored by
(Washington, DC) In September 1994,
The House of Representatives had passed
HR4908, the Fusion, High Energy, and Nu-
clear Physics Bill. Within the legislation are
provisions which charge the National Acade-
my of Sciences to reinvestigate and then to
report on the cold fusion phenomena.
"SECTION 205, National Academy
of
Sciences Study, states that a report should be
prepared to "examine the status and promise of
other energy sources, including
deuterated
metal..."
demise grew on the Internet and in other the United States Office of Naval Research
reports.
Amid relentless rumors of dis- and the Electric Power Research Institute
solution, accompanied by one-sided, LEPRI] which is a consortium of the electric
biased stories of what REALLY hap- and oil companies.
There are two sets of
pened, "COLD FUSION" magazine
documents. The EPRI Proceedings consist
However, by November the compass of
the US shifted right, and on February 7, 1995
the Department of Energy released Budget
(Continued on page 9)
seems to have had more of a penchant
of the manuscripts presented at the Confer-
ence: Some are not quite ready for publica-
for personality problems than perform-
tion based upon the presence of errors in a
ance.
few, or just copies of transparencies in
another.
LEd. In fact data from Dr.
Perhaps some of our readers might McKubre was not accompanied by sufficient
not miss the loss because many articles text in the Proceedings leading to consider-
and reports in that glossy magazine had able requests, and hence the excerpt on him
already been published in the COLD in this issue (page 10).]
FUSION TIMES and often up to a year
(Continued page 4).
earlier. A few scientists might even find
HELIUM -
the end to the low octane and often du-
plicate reporting a relief. Despite it all, A FUSION PRODUCT
the story of this technology requires fur-
Much more information has been
ther education for scientists and stu- learned about the nuclear products of cold
dents. The cold fusion community fusion. As discussed in previous issues of
always needs good objective reporting, COLD FUSION TIMES, helium 4 is one
even if it arrives in the form of an
product linked to the production of excess
Palladium must be fully filled
with deuterons to generate the
reactions.
The face-centered
cubic fully loaded
metallic
structure is shown on the left,
totally filled with deuterons
obtained from the heavy water
on the right hand side.
ephemeral glossy, which in this case,
heat. We continue this issue with more data
had real potential, if it had not sunk in a
on this subject. (Continued page 7)
stream of alleged greed and low-wattage
All Rights Reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in an electronic or re-
science.
trieval system, transmitted, copied in any form or by any means including electronic, mechanical,
photocopy, recording, or storage without the prior permission of the COLD FUSION TIMES.
(Continued page 6)

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 676, "chars": 4408, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOWARD THE FUTURE
MATERIALS
METHOD OF
LOADING
ceramics
*gas loading
slow discharge
picket
palladium
le]l
brochemiealloading
'Cold Fusion"
Magazine
Fusion Falts
Fusion fechnology
Cold Fusion Times
[Ed.: We are expanding the TOWARD
THE FUTURE section to include the COLD
FUSION RADAR. Also here are some com-
ments made by Dr. Edmund Storms about Mi-
chael McKubre, who is in the article reviewed
on the back of the COLD FUSION TIMES.]
hard to replicate. Many experienced researchers,
tempting to follow exactly the methods d
ribed in published studies, have, until recen
y, produced little or no evidence for a nuclear
reaction. But scientists are starting to solve the
puzzle of why some cells work and some do
COLD FUSION RADAR -- Presented by the COLD FUSION TIMES.
The current state of some aspects of the field are figuratively portrayed both by
their position (most important - center) and apparent direction.
An important requirement for produc-
ing heat, for example, now appears to be
palladium largely free of microscopic
cracks. Deuterium apparently escapes from
any cracks too fast for a critical concentra-
tion to build up. Michael McKubre and co-
workers at SRI International, as well as re-
searchers at several other laboratories, have
shown that the larger the ratio of deuterium
to palladium in the electrode, the greater
the heat.
lated chemical sources. If a novel chemical
A BRIEF COLD
FUSION UPDATE
by Edmund Storms
reaction is the source of this power, signifi-
cant quantities of some chemical product
must be present in the cell, yet no such
products have been observed.
Moreover,
many distinct and novel chemical reactions
The demand for long-term control
would be required to explain the excess-
cells reflects results from the early cold fu-
heat observations in a the variety of chemi-
sion experiments, which produced heat or
cal environments that have now been stu-
nuclear products in occasional bursts. More died.
recent work has achieved steady output.
Once a cell turms on, it typically stays on
for many days.
Skeptics who accept the
data on excess heat nevertheless assert that
it originates not from any nuclear process
but from some hitherto unknown chemical
reaction. But no evidence from any study
has been reported to support various specu-
One reason that cold fusion has been s
lifficult to accept is that the experiments are so
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The Scientific Aspects Of
Loading Isotopic Fuels Into Materials
Volume 3 Number 1
Spring 1995
ISSN# 1072-2874
COLD FUSION TIMES
published quarterly
SURFACE AND OTHER EFFECTS
The presence of surface impurities is also
important to produce the required deuterium
content. McKubre's first experiments,
which
were successful, used pyrex containers for the
cell. When he changed to Teflon, the cell did
not work. Further investigation revealed the ap-
parent reason: aluminum and silicon atoms from
the pyrex migrated to the palladium surface and
"Experiments that use crackfree palladium and
follow the proper procedures now routinely result in
excess heat, nuclear products, or both. " - Edmund Storms
allowed the deuterium to build up to higher con-
centrations. McKubre's studies also identified
another criterion for producing excess heat. His
work, which has now been supported by at least
four other laboratories, indicates that the electri-
cal current entering the cell must exceed a
threshold of at least 150 milliamperes per square
centimeter of palladium. For experiments using
large pieces of palladium, this can mean a very
large overall current.
Publisher and Editor: Mitchell Swartz
Assistant Editor: Gayle Verner
Technical and Photographic Contributors and Consultants:
Stephen Baer, Suzanne Tribone, Julius Mariasis, Richard Goldbaum, John Voci, and Jayne Yaffe
Submissions are encouraged.
Subscriptions are available.
Annual subscription rate is $120.00. Single issues are $40.00
There is an extra postage and handling charge of $5.00 per order outside of the United States
Many experimenters have failed to produce
anomalous effects because they have not applied
enough current to their cells. Several experi-
ments have shown that the nature and timing of
the electrical input to a cell significantly affects
the chances of its success. Heat is more likely to
be produced when the electrical current is re-
peatedly "ramped" from a high to lower level or
briefly pulsed to high values.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 605, "chars": 3938, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PEOPLE IN THE NEWS
POWER PROFILE OF THE MONTH
Prof. Keith Johnson
(Cambridge, MA) As Dr. Keith John-
son taught courses on condensed matter and
quantum chemistry for the past 25 years at
MIT, the 1989 announcement of the cold
fusion discovery hardly came as a shock.
In fact, Johnson's major area of undergradu-
ate and graduate research at Princeton and
Temple Universities dealt with the bonding
of hydrogen and' palladium and its phe-
nomena. What did come as a shock was the
subsequent furor and criticism from his col-
leagues who insisted cold fusion didn't ex-
Prof. Keith Johnson
ist. It was this unrelenting controversy that
triggered his creative insight -- not to men-
tion the ensuing reports and studies of the
"altered" MIT curves -- that ultimately com-
pelled Johnson to write a moviescript on
the subject called "Excess Heat". His work
is now in its production phase and has many
Hollywood honchos bidding for a piece of
the pie.
ate response (to the March
1989
announcement) was that the excess heat that
they, were observing was not nuclear but
was'connected with internal chemical bond-
ing effects, the same sorts of effects that ex-
plained the superconductivity at lower
temperatures.
The small nuclear effects
that were observed were a byproduct," says
'I do believe there's a phenomenon. Johnson. "I believe that the nuclear effects
It's of great technological
so small it could not cause excess
importance."
heat." His theory depends upon the physi-
cal structure of the palladium loaded with
hydrogen (see cover sheet of this issue).
Johnson was well-prepared to take his
pen to paper on the matter. He was not only
surrounded by cold fusion politics at a key
institution but his vast knowledge of its sci-
ence made him a natural fór letting the
world know about both the potential for
cold fusion and its "cover-up" by various
political and academic officials. Johnson's
background led him to examine portions of
the physics not generally considered, and he
developed a theory at variance with "main-
stream" cold fusion thinking. "My immedi-
"That's my theorem," says Johnson. "I was
always interested in the connection between
bonding and solubility. Hydrogen has a ten-
dency to go to the tetrahedral sites. We ex-
plained that in 1976 that when you load
hydrogen and deuterium in paliadium why
it becomes superconducting.
I do believe
there's a phenomenon. And I've always ex-
plained that to the hundreds of students I've
spoken to about it. It's of great technologi-
cal importance."
Johnson pointed out that some stu-
dents are very supportive (of cold fusion),
but many of his colleagues are highly
skeptical.-èven though they are confronted
with the huge number of documents show-
ing positive results. But Johnson, feels that
within time even the most hard-nosed critics
will one day be believers.
- Gayle Verner
[Ed. - Keith Johnson's theory was presented in
the Minsk Conference, the Proceedings of the ICCF-4,
and was discussed in the COLD FUSION TIMES
(vol. 1, number 3). We wish him weli in his endeavor
in this matter. EXCESS HEAT will certainly be a
box-office success with perhaps more penetration than
the BBC and CBC broadcasts on this subject.]
3
Spring '95
OF GREAT INTEREST
TO OUR READERS
SEE FOR THE WORLD (PAGE 8)
mo tany bacter
"COND FUSION"
TREMOS
"COLD FUSION"
70 Route 202N
Peterborough NH
0345B-1107-
CF/NEWENERGY
TECHNOLOGY
PO Box 2816
Concord, NH 00302-2816
CHRISTA
CORRIGAN
MCAULIFFE CENTER
100 State Street
Framingham, MA
01701-9101
FUSION FACTS
PO Box 58639
Salt Lake City, UT
84158
FUTURE TRENDS
Minnesota
Cold
Alliance
365 Summit Ave.
St. Paul, MN 55102
Fusion
FUTURE TECHNOLO-
GY
INTELLIGENCE
REPORT
PO Box 423652
San Francisco, CA
94142-3652
LAURA LEE
SHOW
PO Box 3010
Bellevue, WA
98009-3010
THE MARS
MISSION
122 Dodd St.
Weehawken NJ 07087
UNTAPPED
TECHNOLOGY
IN REVIEW
PO Box 5185
Mesa, AZ 85211
W5YI
PO Box 565101
Dallas, TX
75356-5101
WBYI
isat
Untapped Technolery

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 909, "chars": 5874, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Continued from Page 1
Proceedings: Fourth International Con-
ference on Cold Fusion
Volume 1: Plenary Session Papers
Volume 2: Calorimetry and Materials Papers
Volume 3: Nuclear Measurements Papers
Volume 4: Theory and Special Topics Papers
A second version of the papers was recently
published by the American Nuclear Society, a
peer-reviewed version.
The addresses are on
page 6. Because the ANS has been unable to de-
liver a copy of the ANS version to us for review
we rely upon Jed Rothwell's and Dieter Britz's
reviews:
"The papers in the ANS version have not
been changed or edited much. The English is im-
proved in some, the figures are better, and the
printing is better, so the figures and graphs come
out a clearer. It is indexed by author and subject.
The EPRI version is not indexed at all, which is
annoying. The ANS version includes some of the
foremost papers from the conference. I was
pleased to note that it is dedicated to the memory
of Julian Schwinger. Unfortunately, it does not
include some of my favorites, like Mizuno, or
Cravens. Cravens was voted "best at conference"
by Martin Fleischmann. As Tom Passell ex-
plained in the Preface,
"Not all of the interesting
papers were either submitted for peer reviews or
passed it, which may say as much about the value
of peer review on a radically new topic as about
the quality of the research." A few of the ones
that did made it into this collection are real duds.
Perhaps it should be called "The Best and Worst
of ICCF4."
Here is the review with the parallax view of a
skeptics through Dieter Britz:
"The editor of FT here explains this special
issue, containing 65 (by my count) papers deliv-
ered at ICCF-4, Maui, 1993. He mentions a re-
view process, taking more time than expected;
thus we can take it that these papers were re-
viewed.
.... T.O. Passel, of EPRI, who was in-
strumental in shaping this special issue of FT,
here prefaces it with a few remarks. Like the edi-
tor, G. Miley, he establishes that the papers were
reviewed and that many did not make it through
this process, or were not submitted to it.
Bockris clings to his dendrite theory but not a
word of explanation, to be expected after Frank
Close's pretty convincing demolition of that idea,
being that you can't get keV acceleration energies
from something like 20 V cell voltage total. This
leaves as the only way out some mechanism for
generating a high voltage at the interface, and I
don't mean a high voltage gradient. Bush weighs
in with not only a transmutation experiment
where he finds Cs as a fusion product of Rb with
a proton (both isotopes, too, from those of Rb), as
well as his theory that wraps up all the mysteries
of 'cold fusion' in one fell swoop. He even shows
why some people don't find tritium: they used too
high a D/Pd loading." [Dieter Britz's files are
available on the internet by fip to vmi.nodak.edu,
log in as anonymous, giving your email address]
COLD FUSION CROSSWORD #2
Spring 1995
This Month's Puzzle - A Cold Fusion Anagram.
Solving this puzzle will provide several of the secrets towards successful cold fu-
sion.
An example of a solution of such an anagram: One could decode the anagram
MOISTENS LUCID OF would become COLD FUSION TIMES.
1) DUPLICATE LOAD HAM
2) LIMITED OUTER DEUX HI
3) NEAPOLITAN MUD
4) TOPIC CREW REEL
6) GALLON FLUID
7) EDEMA QUIT TEA
ANSWER TO #1:
Winner to #1: Allan Monet,
AZ (Best
answer closet to fully correct answer):
A free two (2) Year subscription to
the COLD FUSION TIMES!!!!
PONS,, SPLIT, WOE
R,, R,, O,,,;N,, N
OPTICALPHONON, E
T,,,,.,A,,,, V, OR
INTRAGRANULAR, G
U,,, R,, E,, E,,, Y
MAGNETICBOTTLE,
•. A, A,R, C,,, O, A
MASS, ,.. COMPTON
WHAT'S HAPPENIN':
NEWS FROM THE INTERNET
"There is a particularly fine paper in Volume 2,
EPRI TR-104188-V2: M. E.Melich (Navy Post-
graduate School), W. N. Hansen (Utah State Univ.)
"Back to the Future, The Fleischmann-Pons Effect in
1994." This is a review of some early CF experi-
- ments. It is not very technical. Among other things,
it describes the 1989 and 1990 Amoco experiments,
which were definitive. This is first public mention of
these experiments that I have seen, I am delighted
that Amoco is finally sharing the data. See pages
10-5, 10-7 and Reference 12.
"In March 1993 the Research Depart-
ment of the Amoco Production Company
provided us with a copy of their internal re-
port of work on the FPE they performed in
1989... The result of their 24 Oct - 18 Dec
1989 experiment showed that an FPE ex-
periment in a closed, flow calorimeter pro-
duced unaccountably large steady levels of
heat, as well as bursts of heat, at magni-
tudes 100 to 1000 times greater than instru-
ment error. The cumulative net gain in
energy was in excess of 50KJ. Furthermore,
the tritium level in the electrolyte at experi-
ment start was 2,5 +/- 1.0 pcurie/mL, while
at the end of the experiment this had in-
creased to 74t/- pcurie/mL; these results
were achieved in a closed calorimeter."
I have seen Ref. 12, and I recommend it:
Amoco Production Company, Research Department,
T. V. Lautzenhiser, D. W Phelps, Report T-90-E-02,
90081ART0082, 19 March 1990, "Cold Fusion: Re-
Another oil company, Shell, has an ongoing
cold fusion research effort that is going very well.
This is described in the EPRI Proceedings Vol. 1
Paper 9: "Cold Fusion by Sparking in Hydrogen Iso-
topes: Energy Balances and Search for Fusion By-
Products," Dufour, Foos, Millot; and in: J. Dufour
(Sheil Research S.A., Grand-Couronne, France),
"Cold Fusion by Sparking in Hydrogen Isolopes,"
Fusion Technology, vol. 24, no. 2, 1993, pp
205-228.
- Jed Rothwell
"The Kunimatsu et. al. work is there in several
sections. A must for anyone contemplating a "cold
fusion" experiment. All those wonderful graphs are
there - 19 plots in the first paper alone. Excess heat
plotted against everything: But sadly without error
bars."
- Tom Droege

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 996, "chars": 6352, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION THEORIES
5
LEd.
Although News from the Internet is usually limited to the penultimate page of the COLD FUSION TIMES and COLD FUSION THEORIES are mainly
theoretical, in this case because of the importance of this material we are electing to run these interesting excerpts from the Internet.]
PROTON
Each side the disc (not the edges) is
"It would seem that the subject of ionic
painted with "platinum black" which act as conductors is a fast growing area of mate-
CONDUCTING
the electrodes and the ceramic disc in the rials research with many promising appli-
middle acts as the electrolyte - the hydro- cations. The main and most obvious
MATERIALS - PART 1
en migrates from one side of the disc to application of proton conductors is in etti
he other when the voltage is put across the cient fuel cells. …..it tums out that proto
two faces of the disc. (they now say that conductors are not the most efficient nor
Last issue we reported on proton con-
ductors.
That information is supplem-
they put palladium on the face of the disc the most common type of ionic conductor.
ented in this issue with more information
instead of platinum) ... The group in Japan In fact, one of the first and still one of the
and additional references.
These materi-
does not get the heating effect every time best ionic conductors is RAga, with mo-
als are ceramics and other substances,
and when they do, it is only with
bile silver ions. The conductivity is ap-
which often contain rare earth elements
dueterium."
proximately
0.27/ohm/cm, which
is
and tap into the unusual properties of the
Jeff Driscoll
remarkably high and compares to the con-
hydrogen isotopes within them. We con-
"A useful rule of thumb is that if the
ductivity of aqueous H,SO, (35%). Chan-
tinue this month with more info gleaned
i dra states that:
solid is colored or black, it probably
from the Internet and other sources.
won't be a good ionic conductor
"In general, both cations and anions
(electrolyte)."
can move in a solid lattice. [...) there
"A group in Japan at Hokkaido Uni-
[Bruce E. Liebert; University of Hawail]
are expected to be more conducting
versity that claims to get 10+ watts out
solids with alkali ions. The possibility
while putting in less than 5 milliwatts.
of halide ion conductors is small, ex-
The whole system is at 300 degrees C so it "(A) proton conductor is an ion conductor
cept for the smallest ion F. [...] The
takes 70 or so watts to get the system up to with selectivity for protons. Literature
more common ions showing high mo-
300 degrees C and then when they run a sources are abundent since these conduc-
bility are Li", Na", K", Ag", Cu*, F and
small current through the proton conduc- tors are the basis for fuel cells, ion selec-
0-. Most of the compounds of the lat-
tor, the proton conductor puts out 10 plus tive electrodes (pH being the proton
ter two ions (F and O-) show high con-
ductivity only at high temperatures.".
watts. Their proton conductor is the size
conductor ion selective electrode). Proton
of a quarter and there is a dueterium gas conductors come in many forms; polymer-
atomosphere surrounding the proton con- ic (Nafion), non-hydrogen bonded systems
Another class of materials known as "beta-
aluminas" has also been extensively stu-
ductor which sits on top of a heater. The
(sintered oxides at high T), hydrogen
died. These materials have complex for-
proton conductor is so named because it
bonded systems (COO-, glass electrodes).
mulas like "MO. (Al,O,) where M =
conducts protons (hydrogen or dueterium
stripped of the electron) when an electric
Na, K, Rb, NHa, TI, Ag and x is approxi-
Selectivities are a function of mobili-
mately 5 to I1. Sodium beta-alumina was
potential is applied across it.
ties, activity coefficients and system equi-
the first material found with a conductivity
librium constants. The conduction can be
of approximately 1.4x10/ohm/cm.
The group in Japan wrote a paper on monitored by a variety of techniques,
their experiment and they described now mostly electrochemical including coulo-
Chandra writes:
they made the proton conductor. from metry, polarization and NMR. You can
their paper: 1) Samples were made from find more descriptive detail of all of the
"Since then a large number of beta-
aluminas with different alkali ion com-
mixing a powder of SrCO,, CeO,, Y,0, above in the following books and refer-
positions have been synthesized and
and Nb,O, (Strontium Carbonate, Cerium
ences within "Superionic Solids and Solid
studied. A large number of other struc-
Oxide, Yttrium Oxide, Niobium Oxide), 2)
electrolytes, Recent Trends", A.L.Laskar,
tures have also been obtained but still
mixed powder was calcinated at 1440 deg S. Chandra, eds. Academic Press (1989):
beta-aluminas are the best alkali metal
C in air for 24 hours, 3) the powder was includes a chapter on Proton conductors
ion conductors."
then pulverized and filtered to 400 mesh, W.E. Morf, "The Principles of Ion Selective
Bill Page
4) sample was formed as Imm thick and 2 Electrodes and of Membrane Trans-
cm diameter of coin shape under 10
1995 MIT IAP COLD FUSION REVIEW
port", Elsevier (1981). and of course
ton/em? press machine, 5) sintered at 1460
any general text on fuel cells..."
Cambridge, MASS. - January 21, 1995
deg C in air for 24 hours.
They came from Hawaii, New York, Connecti-
Cindy Lundgren
cut, Maine, NH, Utah and even James Griggs from
Rome (Georgia).
This seemed like an older, more
scientifically sophisticated, crowd. There was less ma-
terial science and engineering than there should be
The COLD FUSION TIMES apologizes for delay in publication.
An intense lightning
storm and the difficulty of continuing in this field have slowed us down. A substantial fraction
(arbitrarily measured by the number of blackboard-
of our equipment has been broken, much now replaced. But to continue we need your sub-
surfaces exhausted per microcentury), but a good solid
continuation of scientific education at the Massachu-
scription to, and support of, the only COLD FUSION journal which is devoted exclusively to
setts Institute of Technology. Several hundred people
the material, economic, and intellectual property issues beginning with the loading of the isoto-
attended the IAP seminar.
pic fuel - a hydrogen isotope - into a material to produce useful energy.
(continued on page 8)

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 673, "chars": 4203, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INK WARS? (from page 1)
"HE SAID/SHE SAID" COMICS
- The State of "Cold Fusion" magazine --
6
"COLD FUSION" magazine was owned
by Wayne Green of N.H. and Charles
Becker, of Texas. Wayne Green, W2NSD
W5YI] : " ... we found.... that the projec- magazine. Over the Fall, Mallove attributed
is a prolific publisher who founded "BY- tion that was based on the information from this "divorce" to purported severe manage-
TE"
magazine, and has sustained '73'
our partner missed by about 90%. There rial and tax problems arising from the of-
magazine for 33 years. Green made Eu- was no choice but to back off and stop pub- fices of Wayne Green, Inc. (WGI),
gene Mallove the Editor.
There were lishing ...spending $30 thousand dollars a Peterborough, NH. With well-honed PR
problems early on for the glossy mag. By month on a glossy magazine."
skills, Mallove urged others to action.
June 1994, internal disagreements between
Mallove, some of the other editorial staff-
The other major backer, Charles Beck-
ers, and Wayne Green reportedly reached
er, a benetactor of ENECO, apparently
crescendo levels.
slipped off the radar screen after faxing a
NO MOA
letter from Green to him on to Mallove.
THE PATENT PAGE
Analysis of the Intellectual Property
Field in Cold Fusion
We take a break from the usual patent stuff to
the other side of intellectual property.
Green: "I have not heard anything fur-
ther from (Becker) other than he faxed my
letter to him to Mallove who then sent me
an abusive and I consider libelous letter
which he sent to a number of people."
NEXT ISSUE: Japanese patents.
What happened? In addition to cross
accusations between the editor and publish-
er of the glossy, and the reasonable prob-
lems of planning for cash flow needed to
actually sustain the glossy, in the most re-
Ignore that "COLD FUSION" maga-
zine was a knock-off copy of the COLD
FUSION TIMES.
Ignore that most of
what was in "COLD FUSION" magazine
was in COLD FUSION TIMES months
and often years before. Here is the story of
what is happening "Down East".
cent issue (Feb 95) of "73", Green purports
that more than a "couple of million dollars"
is missing. Rumors from various camps
Then, it is reported that Mallove and the
have also arisen saying that some of the
others allegedly removed the submitted
glossy's staff were only interested in short- manuscripts, with both sides then claiming
term profits including floating up the worth ownership of some part of the paper, and
of stock rather than helping the fledgling
papers, and paper's name, but with little to
field. Consistent with this, said Green, is
no mention of the receipts.
that Becker jettisoned at least one member
of the magazine who was connected with
Green: The result of that was that I had
another company in the field, just to keep
no choice but to fire (Mallove) at that
the company's name off the masthead.
point. I have asked for him to return ap-
Amidst such monkeybusiness, the interne- proximately 100 pages of manuscripts that
cine fighting naturally grew and with it the he has got which he has not done in a
end of "COLD FUSION" magazine.
month now."
Mallove: "the responsibility for sub-
scription fulfillment resides with publisher
Wayne Green, Inc.
Subscribers who are
dissatisfied with the content or format of
the newsletter and its substitution for the
magazine should take up the matter with
Wayne Green, Inc. or take such other ac-
tion as they consider to be appropriate."
Wayne Green was interviewed by
WSYI Magazine (The Nations Oldest Ham
Radio Newsletter).
Green [W2NSD in
From Green's point of view, it was Mai-
love's unrealistic salary demands which, he
alleged, contributed to the demise of the
Meanwhile, Green was determined and
has published a substantial newsietter, be
ginning with a September issue. It has de-
veloped into a good newsletter except for
substantial weakness in the physics depart-
ment. In response Mallove ridiculed the
newsletter worldwide. Mallove, on Sept.
12, 1994, broadcast on the Internet terse
but denunciating comments about his pre-
vious publisher.
(continued on page 9)
8.C.
FOOM
PATENTS
PATENTS
PATENTS
OUR
FAVORITE
CARTOON
OF'THE
"YEAR"
by Auth from
B.C.
Boston Herald
(July 4, 1994)

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 608, "chars": 4058, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ENGINEERING AND
MATERIALS VIEW
TOWARDS COLD FUSION
MATERIALS CORNER - This issue:
HELIUM PRODUCTION IN COLD FUSION
PHENOMENA
HELIUM-4 (He') PRODUCTION
DURING COLD FUSION
REACTIONS (Part II)
Dr. Mitchell Swartz
these cold fusion phenomena.
These
will briefly review some of the
re-
are one of the major products (or nu- markable findings which clearly dem-
clear "ashes") of this new technology.
onstrate that the helium-4
"ash"
production by cold fusion is consistent
The cold fusion reactions are
This column (continuing next
with some of the reactions having a
quite novel because they only occur in
month on helium interference issues)
probable nuclear origin.
a physical dense material and not in a
"gas-like" plasma.
Why is this fu-
sion different? These nuclear phe-
Composition of Atmosphere
nomena appear to occur as a special
case of first-row interstitial lattices
100
fully loaded often to 1:1 atomic ratios
within another (e.g.. palladium or cer-
tain other Group VIII or rare earth)
lattice.
% composition
60
Last month we discussed the
uniqueness of the palladium hydride
phonon system. As a result of this
unique quality, there have now been
scores of experimental confirmations
of new-reactions producing both nu-
clear products and thermal energies
(called excess enthalpies) created by
20
atmosphere conponenz
• % compositon
LO pomilion (volume)
16.18|5.24 |1.14 10.097| 05
| 0.5
This bar graph shows the atmospheric composition
for several materials.
These are dry data, volumetric. The HO, DO, DHO, HTO, (etc.) and their com-
plexes, clathrates and stereoconstellations are critical.
HELIUM-4 GENERATION
FROM ULTRASOUND
[Readers of the CFT have been aware of
3. Ten (10) runs have been analyzed for
the use of ultrasound to generate cold fusion
I helium. ALL gave positive helium results. Ear-
We augment this issue with com-
lier runs tended to be in the 50-60 ppm of. he-
ments released by Eugene Mallove on the In-
lium range. At least one sample measured at
enhancement of the measured helium'/helium*
ratio, which is normally on the order of 10%
The helium' measurement at Rockwell showed
this ratio to be enhanced to around 103 .. about
1000-fold increase.
Such a finding would
virtually rule out any possibility of the helium*
being from "contamination" - as preposterous
as that favorite skeptic's theory would seem
ternet which describe the E-Quest cold fusion
Rockwell recently was a remarkable 552 ppm.
experiments]
"1. E-Quest now has verified helium pro-
duction in excess heat-producing experiments
the order of 100 times background.
6. Evidence was obtained for plenty of he-
that range from 50 watts excess to 500 watts
excess. Experiments are done in their heavy
water circulation system. Typically Pd is used
was obviously not needed for the testing, so ar
chived gas remains for future testing. That 55
7. The mass-spec peaks defining helium
in these experiments, though Ti works too, but
and D, - or possible "di-deuterino" gas-- are
gives a somewhat different response. They do
said to be very well separated. So this IS
not get excess heat in ordinary water or with
helium".
stainless steel targets. The excess heat-
producing runs to generate helium ranged from
found.
8. Multiple measurements" were made at
3 hours to 72 hours duration.
Rockwell on each of several gas samples and
2. Helium measurements have now been
The cover gas used in all cases was
background gas samples submitted."
successfully made with gas samples from the
analytical grade argon *not* D,. Helium* con-
E-Quest experiments - samples were mea-
tent of the argon was measured and found to be
sured at the US Bureau of Mines (Amarillo,
less. than 0.4 ppm. Remember, atmospheric He
Texas), at SRI International, and most recently
concentration is less than 6ppm.
at Rockwell (the latter lab is known to be used
for helium measurements by investigators in the
5. Among the most amazing claimed find-
Also this issue:
PROTON SEMICONDUCTORS- page 5
MORE MATERIAL INFO -- pages 2,4,5
hot fusion program).
ings however, was the highly significant

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 751, "chars": 4896, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Concerning McKubre --- Bishop
(Continued from page 10)
"They have found that if the palladium can be
loaded with at least 95 atoms of deuterium for every
100 atoms of palladium, it will produce anywhere
from 3% to 50% excess heat. The Electric Power Re-
search Institute finds the heat results firm enough to
keep up its support of the SRJ experiments in case
they are tapping some new energy source.
"The heat
intensity is at least 10 times too large to be resulting
from chemical reactions or chemically stored in the
cell," says Thomas O. Passeli of the institute's nuclear-
power division, who is monitoring the SRI experi-
ments. The immediate problem to solve, Dr. McKubre
says, is figuring out why some pieces of palladium
will readily soak up the necessary number of deuteri-
um atoms and other pieces of the metal won't. Once
the researchers can reproduce and control the heat-
producing experiments, they will then try to determine
whether the heat is coming from nuclear reactions.
"The SRI scientists also are among those who
have seen "heat after death," a phenomenon first de-
scribed by Drs. Pons and Fleischmann. When the re-
searchers tum off the electricity of an experiment, the
hot palladium rod usually cools down in a few hours.
In some instances,
however, the palladium has stayed
hot for as long as three or four days without any elec-
tric power
pouring into it, as though some internal
heater were still at work."
1995 MIT IAP - January 21, 1995
(Continued from Page 7)
The attendees heard James Griggs share some
of his data, as recent as this week, holding part of his
bivalved rotor in hand. Keith Johnson shared movie
updates altemating with his Jahn-Teller animation
showing, and some discussion of, deuteron and hy-
drogen anharmonic activity and recombination on
nickel surfaces and in palladium. Peter Hagelstein
discussed his latest updates on neutron transfer and
surveyed the recent understandings of screening the
coulomb potential. Ray Conley brought his wet cell,
heralding the lack of a laboratory-room camera and
a towel obvious this year. There were more videos,
data, material science, theories, magazines, papers,
conversations, and people sharing
thoughts and
business on cold fusion than sci. physics.fusion's
resident 1B-skeptics could probably shake their
sticks at, even with a few reinforcements from
CERN and DOE.
Although there were more pur-
ported over-unity devices discussed than this elec-
trophysicist could bear (leading to the premature
exit), the content of both the cold fusion portion and
the interest that the crowd maintained were quite
good, thereby propelling another ten score alumni
and scientists one full quantum ahead.
Dr. Vesselin Noninski was scheduled to speak,
did not, and offers this review: "I thought it might be
interesting for some of you to hear one more impres-
sion regarding the MIT "cold fusion" day. Probably,
I should start at once with stating that, although it
was quite enjoyable a day and Gene did a great job,
organizing it, this seminar had almost no scientific
merit. In most of its part this gathering resembled a
promotion fair. As any such fair, guided by sales-
manship rather than objectivity, there was, an ob-
vious bias towards what was promoted as positive
results and any criticism in such a forum appeared
out of place. Unfortunately, I remained with the im-
pression that most of the
(continued next page)
FOR THE WORLD
(MORE INFORMATION - SEE PAGE 3 TOO)
A Very Special Opportunity
Want to Learn More
About Cold Fusion?
$49.00 until May 1
1 year ---- COLD FUSION TIMES
BROUGHT TO YOU BY THE FIRST AMENDMENT
OF THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION
send in your subscription at
the special rate now
Dan Rather
CBS News Broadcast on Cold Fusion
Six years
FUSES
have passed
from the ini-
tial an-
nouncement
of cold fu-
sion. Where
were you?
How did it
effect you?
Let us know.
8
JET Technology
Thermal and Electromagnetic
Spectroscopic Analysis
Calorimeters
Radiological Engineering
The World
^ Public Informacion Vility
Software Tool & Die
1330 Beacon Street, Suite 215
Brookline, Massachusetts 02146
office@worid.std.com
617-739-0202
Authors, scientists, writers, inventors, en-
trepreneurs, consultants, economists, futu-
rists -
we invite you to submit your
manuscripts for consideration for publica-
tion in the
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 8135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
There is no publication with higher information
density in this field. Your diskette would be help-
ful, or e-mail to mica@world.std.com
WHERE TO GET THE ICCF-4
INFORMATION?
Proceedings: EPRI Distribution Cen-
ter, 207 Coggins Drive P.O. Box
23205, Pleasant Hill, CA 94523
ANS version: Transactions of Fusion
Technology, Vol. 26, Part 2 (Dec. 1994),
ISSN: 0748-1896
WE
NEED
YOUR
SUP.
PORT
nOW
COMING:
Reviews
More on Proton
Semiconductors
Nickel Systems
& More!!!
NOVA BESOURCES CROUS
RARE
METAL
SCIENCES
E-QUESTSCIENCE

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 950, "chars": 6220, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CF INK WARS?
(continued from page 6)
Mallove: "(We) have
reviewed a copy of this
newsletter and consider it
to be entirely substandard
a in its presentation of in-
formation on the field of
cold fusion. There is no
designated editor of this
newsletter, so we assume
Wayne Green
that Wayne Green is him-
self acting as Editor."
"A more serious matter
is the content of Wayne Green's lead editorial,
"So where's your big glossy magazine?" In
this editorial, the publisher makes assertions
that we believe to be contrary to the truth of
the magazine's publication history, and makes
untrue and defamatory statements about indi-
viduals in the cold
fusion field."
And Green's re-
sponse? From the
pages.
of
73
(February "95). "I
won't cry on your
shoulder about the
missing
articles
the
ex-editor
(Mallove)
took
with him, the sto-
PHONIX
len mailing lists,
and things like that. But it was a mess and the
three teams of lawyers involved will end up
doing very well by the time all this is over:
We're still trying to find where a couple of
million dollars went".
1995 MIT IAP -- January 21, 1995
(Continued from Page 4) "participants do
not understand that the problems this field is fac-
ing are scientific and not technological. I must ad-
mit that I was quite impressed by the Griggs'
presentation mainly probably because I saw a seri-
ous man of action - a perfect example of an en-
trepreneur.
I cannot afford also to not notice
people like Fred Jaeger of ENECO preying on the
poor inventors, trying to buy them for peanuts. It
is always amusing to hear his frank exposure of
the policies of his company. One has to be really
quite desperate (like these guys from Russia -- the
permanent target of ENECO) or not in his right
mind to get into the deal offered by ENECO. One
other entrepreneur I probably should mention was
a fellow from Hawaii presenting an elaborate
scheme of constant magnets coupled with an elec-
tric motor or generator. One talk I enjoyed was
Peter Hagelstein's. He now is proposing basically
two approaches to the problem. One is very simi-
lar to the way Raman effect or laser action is ex-
plained. He now speaks about a phonon laser
effect that can explain the experimental data. The
other approach very much resembles Mossbauer
effect type of an explanation." (V. Noninski)
WHAT'S HAPPENIN' - Spring '95
9
(continued from page 1 - Politics ) Highlights as part of the Department's FY 1996
budget request to Congress.. The request for Fusion Energy for FY 1996 is $366,045,000
(1995 $328,638,000).
"Our research in fusion energy is aimed at developing an inexhaustible energy source
for the future. ..Fusion continues to offer the promise of a safe, environmentally attractive,
secure, and competitively-priced source of energy. Operation of fusion power plants would
not contribute to acid rain or global warming problems and the deuterium fuel required for
fusion is plentiful and could be readily obtained from sea water ..."
The FY 1996 budget request focuses on ignition physics, fusion nuclear technology,
magnetic confinement configuration optimization, and low activation materials develop-
ment. The US Congress should pass a fusion bill which authorizes hydrogen, high energy,
and nuclear physics research. Is a reinvestigation and report on cold fusion in store for
Congress after the 100 days? Conservatives hope so. Liberals and Independents hope so as
well. Write your congressperson to amend all legislation and include the provisions for in-
vestigations of 'deuterated metals.
Meanwhile the FY 1996 budget request announced $29.6 billion over 5 years, down
$2.2 billion by trying to bring spending under control, for stabilizing and cleaning up toxic
and highly radioactive waste. Because this remains the largest single environmental prob-
lem in the world, and could take decades, and $250 billion, all solutions to improve this are
important (see below).
LETTER CORNER
Rep. Karen Clark was reelected in Minnesota.
Here is Dana Rötegard's letter to Representative Clark
shared with us on cold fusion and its importance to re-
source management and the nuclear waste problem.
Hed, 21 Sep 94
Dear Representative Karen Clark:
I attended the recent DIL convention in St.
Paul and staffed a table for the Minnesota Cold
Fusion: Alliance, a group I and several technological
futurists startad last February, 1993. We had a
small demonstration project going on our table on
the ramp, It was a vare earth magnet cold fusion
experiment that had produced significant excess heal
in experiments run privately from February to April
of this year.
There is solid experimental and theoretical
scientific wark that, one can access through the Fus-
sion Information Center of sall Lake City, and
EPASs Fourth International Conference on Cold
Fusion that suggests that there may be a direct,
solution to the nuclear waste problem.
simply put.
it may be possible a feu years from nou to dissolva
wastes from fission nuclear reactors and using
cathades saturated with hydroger, add a proton to
radisacive islapes changing, say Cesiur 137 la
Barium 138.
The principal thrust of applied cold fusion re-
search is to come up with a commercially viable,
simple ~20 Hip fusion
reactor for alternate energy
application, (probably first in Joyota or Fiat electric
cars. Replacing fission power with this technology
is this alternate energy good.
For the Minnesota legislatura to taka advantage
of this new science is one of my hopes and the ra-
son several prominent Minnesotens formed the
Minnesota Cold Fusiosi Alliance in 1993. Hear-
ings on this area of science could produce some star
witnesses. both from the local community and some
imprasive technical demonstrations from the groups,
who have been warking with the University of Min
nesota Department of Materials Science. This line of
research is controsersial (as is all cutting edge sci-
ence), but possible bemefites are staggering.
Lin-
cerely,
Dana Rötegard
COLD
FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The
Scientific Aspects Of Loading
Isotopic Fuels Into Materials
INFO.-- ICCF-5
April (Sunday) - 13 April (Thursd:
onte Ca
Mr. Jacques Payet
IMRA EUROPE S.A.
Centre Scientifique
B.P. 213-220
Rue Albert Caquot
06904 Sophia Antipolis Cedex,
FRANCE,

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 411, "chars": 2703, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• 3=
COLD FUSION TIMES
Volume 3 Number 1
Spring 1995
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE HAS GONE
MORE CF REPORTS:
From time to time a few courageous American reporters examine and re-
port on the cold fusion evidence which they have observed. We salute Alice
Waugh at MIT Tech Talk [Nov 9 1994 entitled "Graduate Student Envisions
Power for Spacecraft from Cold Fusion" (page 8) and Jerry Bishop for his con-
tinuing reports on cold fusion in the Wall Street Journal.
A few brief ex-
cerpts demonstrate the importance of the Journal and its open-mindedness
about this field.
CONCERNING McKUBRE
Brief excerpts from Jerry Bishop, Wall Street Journal, 7/13/1994
"..The lure and the frustration of the cold-fusion experiments are evident
at SRI International. Here a team of 10 scientists and technicians under Michae
C.H. McKubre is working with a dozen or so cold-fusion "cells," sealed stee
cylinders a bit larger than thermos bottles, containing the palladium rods, plat
inum wires and the heavy-water electrolyte common to many cold-fusion ex.
perimenike everyone else who plunged into cold fusion, Dr. Mckubre initialy
had trouble repeating experiments. An experiment that stayed maddening}
normal for weeks would suddenly spring to life for no observable reason an
"Such unpredictable events plague - and fascinate - researchers. Recent-
ly, for example, one SRI cell sat'quietly for 2.5 months producing no more than
the 50 or 55 watts of power it was consuming. Suddenly, a pump that was
keeping the heavy water flowing through the cell at a constant temperature
broke. The water near the electrode rapidly heated above the boiling point.
This accidental heating of the palladium caused it to begin producing eight to
16 watts of excess heat.
Why this happened is a mystery, Dr. McKubre says.
But several times since then, the SRI researchers have managed to trip a cell
into producing excess power by "cycling" the temperature of the heavy water
up and down.
The SRI scientists also are learning the conditions necessary for
a cell to produce excess power.
(Continued page 8)
"As far as I'm concerned, there is a phenomenon to be studied
There is a mystery. I have observed something that I cannot explain,
and I will continue to work until I understand it. .. The issue of re-
producibility, or its lack, bas been frequently misunderstood in this
field. The difficulty has been reproducing the conditions which pro-
duce the results, not reproducing the results. So if we meet the condi-
tions that we have established then we, in every case, observe excess
heat.*
Michael McKubre [BBC Transcript Horizon, 1994, "Too Close lo the Sur"]
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA USA
02181
TO:
•
