{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T23:51:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 886930, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119373-cold-fusion-times-fall-1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "3bec8c556178e7a40e35d8deaef8cb6da00c9db6445fb70b8572e469d9c72e48"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 645, "chars": 4320, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IN THIS ISSUE
COLD FUSION POLITICS.....-
COLD FUSION UPDATES.... 2,3,4,6,8,10
COLD FUSION BUSINESS
COLD FUSION PROGRESS ..
... 1,8
.. 3,6,9
.... 2,4
Volume 3 Number 3
News and Developments from Washington, D.C., Illinois, Massachusetts, New Mexico, Utah,
France, India, Netherlands, Russia
COLD FUSION EVENTS ...
.. 1,8,10
MATERIALS CORNER
COLD FUSION FUNDING..
.. 1
MORE INFORMATION,
FOR THE WORLD........
3,8
PEOPLE IN THE NEWS,
ICCF-5 CONFERENCE .....
6,9
TECHNOLOGY ....
.... 5,7
.. 2,3,4,8
.... 3
1,2,4,5,7,9
FALL 1995
ISSN#1072-2874
FUSION TIMES
COLD
GOP LEADS U.S.
INVESTIGATIONS
INTO COLD FUSION
Washington D.C. - As the GOP leadership readies itself to
slash the science budget by approximately one-third, there is
hope at last for keeping cold fusion investigations alive and
thriving. That hope lies in the House Science Committee. "I'm
also especialiy interested in the so-called cold fusion area," said
Rep. Robert Walker, new head of the House Science Commit-
tee (R., Pennsylvania) in the October, 1995 issue of Popular
Science. He noted "there's something that's producing addition-
al heat and it's being found in lab after lab. No one at this point
can explain it. The hydrogen bill sets aside some monies to go
into highly innovative research such as this". (Cont. Page 3)
FURTHER EVIDENCE FOR
NUCLEAR PRODUCTS
New Mexico and India - As discussed in the Cold Fusion
Times for three years, helium is the major product of cold fu-
sion reactions. Unlike hot (plasma) fusion, the production of
tritium occurs in incredibly minute amounts, and in the ab-
sence of neutrons. However, if the electrodes are not pure and
under other conditions, then trace amounts of tritium are pro-
duced. This issue presents the scientific evidence for nuclear
events in CF with articles from Los Alamos and the Atomic
Research Centre in India and other laboratories which docu-
ment evidence for nuclear reactions in cold fusion. Dr. Clay-
tor of Los Alamos describe the preparation of tritium using
plasma loading into palladium at levels of nanocuries. Dr.
Srinivasan at Bhabha Atomic Research Center (India) contin-
ues his series of papers from the previous issue of the Cold
Fusion Times and discusses some of the protocols required to
trigger nuclear events.
(continued Page 5)
JAPAN FURTHER INCREASES
INVESTMENT IN R&D!!
As Europe advances, and North America slowly awakens to
the loss of this incredible energy technology, Japan has increased
its ante into CF R&D with solid increases from circa $30 million
(see COLD FUSION TIMES vln3) more than $90 million.
EUROPEAN COLD
FUSION PATENT ISSUES
Salt Lake City, Utah -- The European Patent Office has just
issued a Notice of Intent for a patent to be granted on the original
Pons-Fleischmann cold fusion patent. Unlike the U.S. patent
system, the application now will undergo a nine month period
during which those who claim prior art on the invention can reg-
ister their protest.
This notice of intent to grant the European
patent is an important development because it shows again the
seriousness of the field. It has taken quite a significant amount
of time for this development but it heralds a reversal of the pen-
dulum of "conventional wisdom".
COLD FUSION MERGES
FUSION COMMUNITIES
Champaign, Illinois - Cold fusion contributed to the 16th
biannual Symposium on Fusion Engineering (SOFE Oct. 1995)
sponsored by the IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronic
Engineers), the American Nuclear Society, and the University
of Illinois.
Although most of the conference was devoted to
"hot" or plasma fusion topics like magnetic field and blanket
technologies, plasma physics, fusion neutronics, tritium breed-
ing and ITER, the field of cold fusion was represented. There
were three papers on cold fusion, including a cold fusion dem-
onstration.
(continued Page 2)
Try to identify the photo-
graph on the right. It is an
image of a coiled object
and has great importance.
Hint: It is not a Garter
Snake. Nor is it an "Out-
break" virus.
For answer
see page 7 for details.
All Rights Reserved.
© No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in an electronic or retrieval system, transmitted; copied in any form or by
any means including electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, or storage
without the prior permission of the COLD FUSION TIMES.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 663, "chars": 4607, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
TOWARD THE FUTURE
CHEMICALLY ASSISTED NUCLEAR
REACTIONS
by Edmund Storms
"More than six years have passed
by major scientific journals...
The
since the modern era of 'cold fusion' was
field has expanded from claims of d-d
started by Profs. Stanley Pons and Mar-
fusion being produced in palladium us-
tin Fleischmann (then at the University
ing electrolysis to at least ten different
of Utah). Their claims of being able to
method-environment
combinations.
produce nonpolluting energy from a re-
These environments include normal hy-
newable source using a simple apparatus
drogen as well as deuterium ... Suffi-
created great initial excitement. Howev-
cient energy has been observed to
er, difficulties in repeating the work,
encourage commercial development.
combined with the absence of any ac-
The present status of the field will be
ceptable explanation, caused most scien-
summarized with respect to what has
tists to conclude that the claims were
been discovered; where work is being
based on delusion. Nevertheless, some done; and how this new field is expected
people continued to explore the to affect conventional thinking."
possibilities.
Criticisms made by skeptics were [This abstract by Dr. Storms, presented
taken seriously, errors have been re- at the IEEE/PSS SOFE '95 meeting,
duced or eliminated, and a wide variety
summarizes the field. It also is a vec-
of studies have been done using very
tored direction for what is becoming the
modem equipment in many countries.
conventional thinking of those scientists
The eariy problem of reproducing the
who actually examine the literature in
effect has been largely eliminated, nu-
cold fusion.]
clear byproducts have been found, and
theoretical explanations abound. The
problem now is more psychological
than scientific. In spite of this new and
improved information, general skep-
ticism about the effect continues within
the scientific community and general re-
jection by the U.S. and many other gov-
emments remains unchanged.
Nine international conferences
have been held and several professional
societies have included sessions about
cold fusion, the most recent being the
American Chemical Society. The litera-
ture on the subject has grown to over
1300 publications, many peer reviewed
American Cold Fusion Engineering and Supply
introduces
Fullerene Fusion opening
new horizons for Cold Fusion.
Coo loaded with deuterans and imploded
Creates a magnetoelectrodynamic plasma vortex
Direct conversion —fusion 1o electricity.
Investory, collaborators and experimenters explore
the theory, apparatus and thinking that is the
genesis of this new technology. Order your manual,
"Warm Fusion Electrodynamic Generador."
Today!
Only $100.00
Signed Proprizery illorerials Agreement required before delivery.
Call or Write for delivery delails.
P.O. Bax 191395, Sacramento, CA 95819-1394
1-800-713-9345
E-Mail: coohwan@tol.com
Satisfaction Guarantced
Publisher and Editor: Mitchell Swartz
Assistant Editor: Gayle Verner
Technical and Photographic Contributors and Consultants:
Stephen Baer, Suzanne Tribone, Richard Goldbaum,
John Voci, Jayne Yaffe
COLD FUSION MERGES
FUSION COMMUNITIES
Continued from page 1
Papers were given by Prof. Peter Ha-
gelstein (MIT), Dr. Kohji Kamada
(National Institute for Fusion Science,
Nagoya), and Dr. Edmund Storms (Los
Alamos- retired). Dr. Storms also con-
tributed to the panel discussion. The
demonstration, done by a group from
the University of Illinois, was a CETI
light water device similar to the one suc-
cessfully demonstrated at the Fifth In-
ternational Conf. on Cold Fusion
(ICCF5).
(continued on page 5)
Photo Credits:
Autoradiograph - Dr. Srinivasan, Bhabha Atomic Center,
Trombay, Bombay, India
Rep. Walker-
Popular Science
Cold Fuslon Times LOGO - Palladium must be fully filled
with deuterons to generate the reactions.
The logo was in part
based upon a water structure drawn by John Mara.
In the logo,
the face-centered cubic fully loaded metallic structure is shown
on the left, totally filled with deuterons obtained from the heavy
water on the right hand side.
Image Processing -- JET Tecbnology
COLD FUSION
RADAR
returns next issue-
stay tuned for the latest in
information available in this field
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The Scientific Aspects Of
Loading Isolopic Fuels Into Materials
Volume 3 Number 3 - Fall 1995
ISSN# 1072-2874 published quarterly © 1995 JET Technology
All rights reserved:
Annual subscription rate $120.00 Single issues $40.00.
Postage and handling charge of $5.00 per order outside of the United States.
P.O. Box 81135 Wellesley Hills, MA USA 02181

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 624, "chars": 4190, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PEOPLE IN THE NEWS
GOP LEADS
(Continued from Page 1)
Fall '95
Representative Walker discussed
the anticipated 35% budget cut immi-
nent for hot fusion research this year.
He also supports OF research even if it
is not classic fusion in the true sense of
the words. In the new and improved
view of Congress, "hydrogen" repre-
sents THE alternative energy source.
Representative Walker is scientifi-
cally correct to examine what CF sci-
entists have known for six years. He
should be, and will be, praised for re-
vectoring the United States energy po-
tential at this critical time.
Rep. Robert Walker (R.,Pa.)
Chairman House Science Committee:
"Hydrogen seems to be a potential ener-
gy resource with benign environmental
properties."
THE CURRENT SHIFT IN
ENERGY GENERATION
Mitchell Swartz
The times they are indeed a-
changing.
We now know that fission has
distinct disadvantages. Public opinion,
mishandled disasters, and growing spent
fuel rods remain expensive obstacles and
problems. With 109 nuclear power plants
supplying a fifth of the energy of the
United States, there has been no new
plants built since 1989. Fission research is
dying -- heralded by the fact that the DOE
only spent $40 million this year for reactor
technology. "The countries where nu-
clear power has succeeded are technophit-
ic and resource poor, like France, Japan,
and South Korea", as was discussed in the
Economist (9/16/95) recently. So where
to go?
Although small by volume, the barri-
ers create considerable handling problems.
The walls comprising ITER (International
Thermoculear Experiment Reactor result-
ing from a Soviet-American Geneva sum-
mit in 1985) are planned with a mere three
year (or less) replacement time. Each
"molt"/replacement
will
produce
yet
another hundred tons of nuclear waste.
So serious are these problems, that the
planned forecast for ITER has been.
delayed by another three years, coupled
with the requirement of another $4 billion.
Furthermore, it will lead to hot fusion in
the time range, now down-sized, of only
50 to 100 seconds! Cold Fusion has al-
ready exceeded that time for breakeven!!
Congress meanwhile is growing ex-
hausted from the soaring funding and
dwindling returns. When interviewed by
Hot fusion is incredibly tardive, if not
Physics Today (9/1995), one senate staffer
doomed, due to its inordinate gestation
quipped, "Those (hot) fusion fellas remind
time, hypercomplexity, and requisite tem-
me of Indiana Jones. Whenever they face
perature.
Even physicists and engineers
a perilous (funding) situation, they come
in the hot fusion field agree that the
up with a miraculous solution". In con-
technologies required for hot fusion will
trast, the cold fusioneers pursue their re-
not be developed effectively to be usetul
search and development quietly with a
until at least well into the next century.
paucity of funding.
Those who continue
Worse, the neutrons produced by hot fu-
to study and work in this field know that
sion (and not produced by cold fusion)
cold - or solid state - fusion remains the
cripple the very walls of fusion reactors, if
hope of the world for the safe generation
breakeven is ever achieved.
of energy by aneutronic processes.
OF GREAT INTEREST
TO OUR READERS
SEE FOR THE WORLD (PAGE 8)
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Jarad Of The Scinat Neperer Of
ISSAN 1877-1074
3
FUSION FACTS
PO Box 58639
SALT LAKE CITY, UT
84158
"COLD FUSION"
70 Route 202N
Peterborough NH 03458
Cold Fusion Technology
P.O. 80x 2816
Concord, tin 43302 201b
Phone: C03-228-4516
Fax: 603-224-5975
TRENDS
Untapped
INFINITE ENERGY
PO Box 2816
Concord, NH 00302
FUTURE TECHNOLOGY
INTELLIGENCE
REPORT
PO Box 423652
San Francisco, CA 94142
FUTURE TRENDS
Minnesota
Cold Fusion Alliance
365 Summit Ave.
St. Paul, MN 55102
UNTAPPED
TECHNOLOGY
IN REVIEW
PO Box 5185
Mesa, AZ 85211
CHRISTA
CORRIGAN
MCAULIFFE
CENTER
100 State Street
Framingham, MA 01701
THE MARS
MISSION
122 Dodd St
Weehawken NJ 07087
Inventors
DIGEST
Since 1985 INVENTORS' DIGEST ha
been giving Inventor - Just Ike you - th
Intonation they neodill Every good idat
deservea a chance... but where to start?
i avantage of our special subscription offi
your questions ult to answaced!
• 1-800-838-8808

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1106, "chars": 8128, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4
Information Update
for "Newbies"
(Newcomers)
GENERAL,
Fire from Ice: Searching for the Truth Behind the
Cold Fusion Furor, (John Wiley & Sons, May,
1991), by Dr. Eugene F. Mallove. The definitive
book on the subject.
E. Storms, "Cold Fusion Heats Up," MIT
There are always incoming requests for more in-
Technology Review, 20-29, May-June 1994
formation about cold fusion. Supplementing our own
E, Storms, "A Critical Review of the 'Cold Fusion'
references, previously listed here, are some picks from
Effect," submitted to Physical Review B (1995) 67
Mr. Jed Rothwell. He has generously offered to sup-
[Preprints available from me]
ply e-mail copies of several of these papers via the In-
Infinite Energy Magazine, Edited by E. Mallove,
ternet (see box below for more information).
P.O. Box 2816, Concord, NH 03302-2816, Tel:
603-228-4516,
Fax:
603-224-5975 E-mail:
76570,2270
The availability of the other publications can be
found at the telephone numbers and locations listed be-
low. We both thank and applaud Jed Rothwell, winner
of our 1995 ICCF-5 Award (previous issue), whose
interesting and informative comments are read world-
wide.
Information on cold fusion can bo found in the
John Logajan's World Wide Web home page: URL
*http://www.skypoint.com/members/jlogajan
J. Rothwell, "Highlights of the Fifth International
Conference on Cold Fusion," 14 pages, [E-Mail]
ISCIENCELib 2]
Jed Rothwell's RECOMMENDED
REFERENCES ON COLD FUSION
"In March, 1989 a new source of energy popularly
know as "cold fusion" was announced by Professors
Martin Fleischmann and Stanley Pons. This caused a
great media brouhaha, but there have been few articles
about the subject inU.S. media since then. A great deal
of work in this field has been done. While progress is
frustratingly slow in some ways, the technology still
looks extremely promising.
Most of the R&D is now being done in Japan by
Japanese corporations, which tend to keep their results
under wraps. For example, we have heard little from
Pons and Fleischmann over the last three years because
they are now in charge of the Toyota IMRA research
project in Nice, France, and they are official advisors
to the Ministry of International Trade and Industry
(MITI) R&D project. Toyota and MI'll like to play
their cards close to the vest."
"I would like to encourage anyone who is inter-
ested in this subject to read the scientific literature. A
great many papers have been published in the last 6
years. There are so many papers that before jumping
into the subject, I recommend you read some broad re-
views and books, particularly the ones written by Mal-
love, and Storms. Here are some recommended
publications to get started with. Items marked [E-Mail]
are available from me e-mail or diskette. Items marked
[SCIENCE Lib 2] can be downloaded from the Com-
puServe SCIENCE forum physics library 2." →
Jed Rothwell can be reached at
Cold Fusion Research Advocates
2060 Peachtree Industrial Court, Suite 313 Chamblee,
Georgia 30341 Tel: 770-451-9890 Fax: 770-458-2404
E-Mail: CompuServe 72240,1256
or JEDROTHWELL@DELPHI.COM]
TECHNICAL
Cold Fusion Times, by Mitchell Swartz, P.O. Box
81135, Wellesley Hills, MA 02181 E-mail ad-
dress: mica@world.std.com•
Fusion Technology, a technical journal published
by the ANS has published many articles about
cold fusion. Contact: Publications Manager, The
American Nuclear Society, 555 North Kensington
Ave, Lagrange Park, IL. 60525. Back issues of Fu-
sion Technology are available from the APS publi-
cations office at 708-352-6611.
Fusion Facts, a monthly newsletter. Contact sub-
scription office at: P.O. Box 48639, Salt Lake
City, UT
84158. Tel: 801-583-6232
Fax:
801-583-6245. Fusion Facts publishes the diskette
bibliography I referred to above.
The Fifth International Conference on Cold Fusion
(ICCF5) was sponsored by IMRA and held in
Monte-Carlo, Monaco April 9 - 13, 1995. The pro-
ceedings will be published by IMRA Europe, S.A.,
Center Scientifique, B.P. 213, 22, rue Albert Ca-
quot, 06904 Sophia Antipolis Cedex, France. Mal-
love offers a set 4 videotapes "Highlights of
ICCF5." This'is over 8 hours long and it includes
Contact:76570.2270@compuserve.com.
The Proceedings of the Fourth International Con-
ference on Cold Fusion (ICCF4). This conference
was sponsored by the Electric Power Research In-
stitute (EPRD), Advanced Nuclear Systems, and by
the U.S. Office of Naval Research. It was heid De-
cember 6 - 9, 1993, at Hyatt Regency Maui, Lahai-
na, HI. The proceedings can be purchased from:
EPRI Distribution Center * 207 Coggins Drive *
P.O. Box 23205 * Pleasant Hill, CA 94523 * Tel:
510-934-4212
Another version of the ICCF4 proceedings was
published by the American Nuclear Society: Pro-
ceedings of the Fourth International Conference or
Cold Fusion, Dec. 6 - 9, 1993, Transactions of Fu
sion Technology, 1993, Vol. 26, No. AT, Part 2
(Dec. 1994). ISSN: 0748-1896, This is a peer-
reviewed set of some of the papers.
Frontiers of Cold Fusion, ed. H. Ikegami. The pro-
ceedings of the Third International Conference on
Cold Fusion (Nagoya, Japan, October 21 - 25,
1992) in Nagoya, Japan. Available from Universal
Academy Press, Inc., PR Hogo 5 Bldg., 6-16-2,
Hongo,
Bunkyo
Tokyo 113, JAPAN,
011-81-3-3813-7232,
Tel.
Fax: 011-81-3-3813-5932.
Price 22,000 yen (U.S. $194.77, Air shipping:
$26.65)
P. Hagelstein (M.L.T.), "Summary Of Third In-
terational Conference On Cold Fusion In Nagoy-
a," 43 pages, 55 [E-Mail] [SCIENCE Lib 2]
The Science of Cold Fusion, ed. T. Bressani. The
proceedings of the Second Annual Conference On
Cold Fusion. (Como, Italy, June 29 - July 4, 1991);
contact: SIF, Via L, degli Ondalo 2, 40124 Bolo-
goa, ITALY. From the Second Annual Conference
proceedings, we recommend: M, McKubre (SRI),
"Isothermal Flow Calorimetric Investigations Of
The D/Pd System," p. 419 - 443
M. McKubre et al., "Isothermal flow calorimetic
investigations of the D/Pd and H/Pd systems," I.
Electroanal. Chem. 368 (1994) 55
M. H, Miles (Naval Air Weapons Center), B. F.
Bush (SRT), D. E. Stillwell (CAES), "Calorimetric
Principles and Problems in Measurements of Ex-
cess Power during Pd-D2O Electrolysis," J. Phys.
Chem. 1994, 98, p. 1948-1952
M. Fleischmann (Univ, Southampton), S. Pons
(IMRA Europe), "Calorimetry of the Pd-D2O sys-
tem: from simplicity via complications to simplici-
ty," Physics Letters A, 176 (1993) 118-129
E. Storms (Los Alamos), "Review of Experimental
Observations About The Cold Fusion Effect," Fu-
sion Technology, Vol, 20, Dec, 1991 433 - 477.
Dated, but still a superb technical introduction to
O. Reifenschweiler (Philips), "Reduced radioactiv-
ity of tritium in small titanium particles," Physics
M. H. Miles and R. A. Hollins (Naval Air Weap-
ons Center), B.F. Bush and J.J. Lagowski (Univ.
Texas), "Correlation of excess power and helium
production during D2O and H2O electrolysis using
palladium cathodes," J. of Electroanalytical Chem-
istry, 346 (1993) 99 - 117.
H. Gerischer (Fritz Harber Institute
Der Max
Plank), "Memorandum On The Present State Of
Knowledge
On
Cold Fusion."
(E-Mail]
[SCIENCE Lib 2]
MEDIA COVERAGE.
BBC "Horizon" series science documentary, "Too
Close to the Sun." Broadcast in the U.K. and
Canada, March 1994.
Popular Science, August 1993 issue, "COLD FU-
SION Fact or Fantasy," by Jerry Bishop, cover
story
Sunday Times (UK), June 27, 1993, "Nuclear
confusion," by Neville Hodgkinson
The National Public Radio (NPR) program "Sci-
ence Friday" on June 25, 1993 was devoted to cold
fusion. It was moderated by Ira Flatow. Panelists
included Michael McKubre of SRI, John Huizenga
of Rochester University, Peter Hagelstein of MIT,
Meivin Miles of the Naval Air Warfare Center,
and Bruce Lewenstein of Comell University. For a
tape, send $12.50 to; NPR Tapes * Washington
DC 20036 • Visa orders: 202-822-2323. Specify
the date (06/25/93)
The NPR program "Science Friday" devoted to
cold fusion January 20, 1995.
le Canadian Broadcasting Company (CBC)
rb documentary on cold fusion on June
1993, "The Secret Life of Cold Fusion."
New York Times, November 17, 1992, "Cold Fu-
sion, Derided in U.S., Is Hot In Japan," by Andrew
Pollack, p. BS

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 731, "chars": 4886, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ENGINEERING AND MATERIALS VIEW
TOWARD COLD FUSION
decrease of the count rate is entirely due to the decrease of tri-
MATERIALS CORNER
This issue: TRITIUM PRODUCTION
FROM COLD FUSION
tium radioactivity. A detailed analysis of the generation of the
X-radiation shows that it is not possible to explain the course of
A-f(t) by changes from chemi-absorption at the surface to bulk
absorption of the tritium in the small Ti particles as has been
claimed recently.
Some Experiments on the Variation
of the Radioactivity of Tritium
Absorbed by Titanium
Otto Reifenschweiler, Phillips Research Laboratories
Eindhoven, The Netherlands -- Small amounts of tri-
tium are sorbed by titanium preparations consisting of small
monocrystallline particles ($ approx 15 nm) obtained by gas
evaporation. In a first experiment, a TiT(0.0035) preparation is
heated and the radioactivity, A, is measured via the X-radiation
detected by a GM-tube. The radioactivity decreased from the
initial value down to 72% at 160 deg. C, further decreased to
60% at 275 deg. Cland increased again to the initial value at
360 deg. C before decomposition of the preparation.
It is shown that, during the whole temperature trajectory up
to 360 deg. C, no loss of tritium has occurred and that the
Tritium Production from a Low Voltage
Deuterium Discharge on Palladium
and Other Metals
I.N. Claytor, K.G. Tuggle and D.D. Jackson
Los Alamos National Laboratory
Los Alamos, NMI - Over the past year we have been
able to demonstrate that a plasma loading method produces an
exciting and unexpected amount of tritium. In contrast to elec-
trochemical hydrogen or deuterium loading of palladium, this
method yields a reproducible tritium generation rate when vari-
ous electrical and physical conditions (gas pressure, gas purity,
initial palladium metallurgy, etc.) are met. Small diameter wires
(100-250 Microns) have been used with typical gas pressures
above 200 torr at voltages and currents of about 2,000V at 3-5
A. By carefully controlling the sputtering rate of the wire,
runs have been extended to hundreds of hours allowing a
significant amount (° 10's nCi) of tritium to accumulate. No
pre- or post-gamma activity or neutron emission (to 1 C/r) has
been detected in any of the samples. We will show tritium gen-
eration rates for deuterium-palladium foreground runs that are
up to 25 times larger than hydrogen-palladium control
In a second important heating experiment with a 171(0.035)
preparation, the tritium is desorbed during heating on account of
the 10 times higher concentration and the tritium released from
the preparation is measured by a second GM-tube. By addition
of the two radioactivities, that remaining in the solid and that ex-
pelled as a gas, it is shown that the course of A=f(t) is equivalent
for both experiments carried out under very different conditions.
In a further heating experiment with a TiT (0.065) prepara-
tion where the surface of the Ti-particles is oxydized, a course of
A-f(t) of the same kind as that for the first experiment is ob-
tained. The evaluation of these three heating experiments done
under very different conditions gives a high degree of evidence
for the decrease of tritium radioactivity. There is strong suspi-
cion that the two different effects, cold DD fusion and the de-
crease of tritium radioactivity, are caused by the same or two
related fundamental principles.
experiments using materials from the same batch. The reproduc-
ibility has allowed us to vary parameters that have been difficult
to investigate with previous methods. We intend to illustrate the
difference between batches of annealed palladium and as re-
ceived palladium from several batches to demonstrate that the
tritium generation rate can vary by a factor of 40 from batch to
batch. The effect of other metals (Pt, Ni, Nb), gas pressure, wire
and plate thickness on the tritium generation rate will be shown.
We plan to discuss these new procedures (including the eltect of
gas impurities, and palladium purity, present typical results,
and speculate concerning the implications for further work.
COLD FUSION MERGES FUSION
COMMUNITIES
(Continued from page 2)
As such it was described briefly in the last issue of Cold
Fusion Times. The CETI cell has been reported to have
been run for seven weeks, producing a steady 20 watts ex-
cess, for an 85 megajoule excess heat. This is an order of
magnitude more energy than the biggest hot fusion test on
record produced, at the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory
(PPPL) in 1994.
The COLD FUSION TIMES needs your subscription, and support. It is the only cold fusion
journal which is devoted exclusively to the material, economic, and intellectual property issues
of loading isotopic fuel - a hydrogen isotope - into a material to produce useful energy.
O JET Technology
THE PATENT PAGE
Analysis of the Intellectual Property
back next issue

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 875, "chars": 5427, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION THEORIES
[This issue continues with a few excerpts from the Highlights of the Fifth International
Conference on Cold Fusion (ICCF-5) by Jed Rothwell. The was the COLD FUSION
TIMES WINNER for the BEST ICCF-5 REPORT. Mr. Rothwell has served the scientific
community as he has translated and reported on world-wide events in the field of cold fusion.
His thoughtfulness underlines the pragmatic issues confronting this field. Readers are referred
to his full articles posted on the Internet (sci. physics.fusion) and in Infinite Energy.]
THE BUSINESS
OF COLD FUSION
by Jed Rothwell
Monaco - On the last day, Klein [2], of
Bechtel Corporation, gave a superb talk
on the economics and ABCs of develop-
ing cold fusion into a practical form of
energy. He pointed out that solar photo-
voltaic cells use zero cost energy, but
they still cannot compete with conven-
tional sources because the fuel cost is not
the only economic factor. He said that a
cold fusion power reactor might be eco-
nomical at the large scale, like today's
coal or fission; or it might be economical
at the substation level; or it might even be
economical in home generator units oper-
ating at 10 or 20 kilowatts, in which case
people will gradually unplug from the
power distribution network.
This is bold speculation, and Klein is to
be commended for talking about it, be-
cause his corporation's main line of work
is in large scale energy, installațions like
oil refineries and power stations, so he is
speculating about something that may put
him out of business. He did not describe a
logical conclusion to this train of thought.
There is no reason to suppose that minia-
turization will stop at the level of a
20-kilowatt home reactor.
ROBOTMAN by Jim Meddick
"Washing machines, coffee
pots, children's toys, earphones
and pacemakers may someday
have built-in CF power."
Klein discussed many technical re-
quirements for a practical source of ener-
gy, such as the need for a method of
throttling the energy. It would be nice if
we could turn on the flow of energy, turn
it up, down, and then quench it. I would
like to add a comment: while this is gen-
erally true, there are conventional sources
of energy that cannot be quenched, and
that can only be throttled to a certain ex-
tent. The best example is a ton of burning
coal: once you light it, you have to let it
burn. That is why coal is relatively inflex-
ible and limited to large scale applications
where continuous energy is needed and
instantaneous, fine control over the reac-
tion rate is not required.
A scientist
might think that the issues Klein dis-
cussed are premature, but they are not. If
everyone in this field would move these
issues to the top of his agenda, progress
would be swift, and the field would be in-
undated with funding.
Over the years many excellent alter-
natives to pure palladium have emerged:
thin film [3], palladium black [10], light
water [3, 16, 17], ultrasound [7, 8, 9],
proton conductors [18]. Other methods,
like sparking [19] and glow discharge
[20, 26], have not been as widely repli-
cated, but they show promise. Yet the
6
majority of scientists in the field ignore
these promising approaches and continue
using only palladium. Instead of selecting
the easiest and most successful methods,
they insist on using the oldest, least effec-
tive, and most frustrating technology, as
if they were computer scientists who in-
sisted on building a vacuum tube machine
in the age of transistors. Many papers de-
scribing the heartbreaking difficulties
these people face: the high loading, sur-
face treatments, problems with cleanli-
ness, and the many heroic techniques they
are forced to employ. Kunimatsu [21] and
others continue to search for ways to im-
prove loading in palladium with elec-
trolysis, instead of using other methods in
which loading does not matter. Scientists
who use pure palladium must wait 30
days or longer for a tiny, marginal, excess
heat reaction to flicker on -- a reaction
which often abruptly dies. Contrast this
with the E-Quest device, which turns on
in a fraction of a second and produces a
300% excess, or the Patterson CETI cells,
which turn on in 20 minutes and produce
up to 1000% excess. Okamoto [22] re-
ported that the NEDO Icarus program, for
example, saw only two excess heat reac-
tions during the entire year, peaking at
16% excess. Six years of low level results
have failed to convince mainstream scien-
tists that CF is real. I asked Okamoto
about the Icarus results, and he said their
calorimetry is excellent, so they have no
doubt that the 16%
excess is real.
(Okamoto is at the Tokyo Inst. of
Technology, not in the Icarus project.)
As I expected, Pons and Fleisch-
mann [23] did not reveal any details
about their recent work. They have not re-
vealed much since 1992, even though
they have achieved some spectacular suc-
cesses since then, including long boiling
events.
(continued Page 9)
COLD FUSION TIMES' FAVORITE CARTOON OF THE "MONTH"
Boston Herald (8/16/95)
BRE HERE ON BEHALF OF
OKOK ILL CRENE
THE SCIENTIFIC COMUNITY
A COLD FUSION
TOURSE YOU TO USE YOUR
REACTOR OUT OF EN
WEKHUMAN INTELLECT
ORDINTRY PAPER
тО НЕРМА
KIND..
NAPKIN IF IT'LL KEEP
YOU FROM WHINING...
HERE. NOW LENE ME
ALONE. YOU INTERRUPTED
MY BOWL OF CEREAL...
HI WERE FROM THE WORLD
HEALTH ORGANIZATION
AND WENGED ASSISTANCE
FINDING A CURE FORI.
HEY! CAN'T
ANYONE SEE
HOW MY CORt
FLAKES ARE
GELTING
SOGGY?:
L01200 bI

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 887, "chars": 5933, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Observation of High Multiplici-
ty Bursts of Neutrons During
Electrolysis of Heavy Water
with Palladium Cathode
A. Shyam, M.Srinivasan, T.Kawshik and
L.Kulkarni, Bhabha Atomic Research Centre
Trombay, Bombay, India-
Experiments were conducted to detect
neutron bursts during the electrolysis of
DO (LiOD) and HO (LiOH) using tubu-
lar palladium cathodes (area - 300 cm?)
and nickel anode cell (Milton Roy) at low
current densities (20 to 65 ma/cm?). Data
was acquired for 2 months, of which 15
days each were devoted to "control" ex-
periments before and after the DO run.
The annular neutron detection system
comprised of a bank of 16 BE, tubes em-
bedded in a polyethylene cylindrical
thermalising assembly in which an instan-
taneous neutron burst is temporally
stretched to a few tens of mico-sec dura-
tion. The electrolytic cell was placed at
the centre of this assembly. The preampli-
fiers and detector connections were spe-
cially designed
so
as
to
be
electromagnetically and hermetically
sealed. It was confirmed that the setup did
not give spurious counts even under the
high humidity conditions of the Bombay
monsoon season. The overall neutron
detection efficiency of the system was ap-
prox. 10% with a background of approx.
0.049 +/- 0.002 counts/sec over a 15 day
period.
The direct and dead-time (100 micro-
sec) filtered train of pulses was continous-
ly counted in 5 sec intervals and the data
recorded on a personal computer. The to-
tal neutron counts per day with the DO
cell were found to be consistently about
9% above the background. A significant
observation emerged from the frequency
distribution of 5 sec counts which was
close to Poisson in case of background
but contained several large multiplicity
events in presence of the HO and DO
cells (Fig. I) implying the emission of
bursts of 20 to 100 neutrons in < 100
micro-sec duration from the latter. The
feature is more evident from the multi-
plicity distribution of the data obtained
after subtracting the dead time filtered
counts from the unfiltered counts (Fig. 2).
While the background counts did not
show even a single triplet or higher multi-
plicity count throughout the 15 day peri-
od, there were upto 6 and 7 counts in the
MATERIALS CORNER (CONTINUED FROM PAGE 5)
This issue: TRITIUM PRODUCTION and MORE
7
100 micro-sec duration in the presence of knee of the loading ratio vs temperature
H,O and DO cells. The burst events were
curve (approx. 65 deg. C for D, and ap-
however very few, average value being
prox. 115 deg. C for H2), while "instant-
1.7, 3.8 and 7.6 bursts per day for the
aneous" desorption is achievable by
case of background, 11,0 cell and DO
switching the current hence wire tem-
cell respectively.
-
perature) to an appropriate high value
130 deg. C for Dy and > 170 deg. C for
With this technique, loading ratios
Protocol for Controlled and
Rapid Loading/Unloading of
Hy/D, Gas from Self-Heated
Palladium Wires to Trigger
Nuclear Events
A. Garg, R.Rout, M.Srinivasan,
T.Sankaranarayanan, A. Shyam and
L.Kulkarni, Bhabha Research Centre
of 0.6 - 0.7, close to the peak region of re-
sistance curve, have been achieved within
about 5 - 10 minutes, in a reproducible
manner, provided the wire surface is
"suitably activated' prior to commence-
ment. Gas pressures used in our studies to
date have been < 4 bars.
Having learnt to absorb/desorb D (or
H) in a controlled manner in thin Pd wires
and create non-equilibrium conditions, ef
Trombay, Bombay, India -
forts are under way to detect various nu-
It has now been established that
clear products such as charged particles
during electrolysis of LiOD using Pd
(surface barrier detector and CR-39
cathodes, a threshold loading ratio of at
SSNTDs), neutrons (annular BI's counter
least 0.85 needs to be achieved before ex-
bank and bubble neutron detectors) tri-
cess heat production can be expected
tium (gas flow proportional counter and
However, for production of neutrons and
liquid scintillation counting following
tritium (and possibly charged particles
dissolution/distillation),
and transmutation products too, much
X-rays (photgraphic films and image
lower D/Pd ratios, in the region of 0.4 to
intensifier tube with X-ray sensitive
0.7 appear to be adequate. This has inde-
phospher) and radioactivity (Ge-Li detec-
pendently been corroborated in a variety
tor).
The overall objective of the present
of gas loading experiments also. It is not
study is to try and devise a simple experi-
so much the magnitude of the steady state •ment which can demonstrate "on de-
loading ration that is attained, but rather
mand" the occurrence of at least one
the creation of non-equilibrium condi-
anomalous nuclear phenomenon in a
tions which facilitates rapid migration-
deuterated Pd lattice in a reproducible/re-
/transport of deuterons whith the Pd
peatable manner.
lattice (as demonsrated for example in
Yamaguchi's experiments) that seems to
be required.
With this in view, a systematic study
has been undertaken using electrically
self-heated 0.125 mm dia Pd wires in
H,/D, atomosphere to optimise the condi-
tions under which rapid loading/deload-
ing of H2 or Da can be achieved. The
ANSWER: (photo on page 1)
It is an self-photograph of a used
electrode obtained by having the gener-
ated radioactivity in the electrode ex-
pose the photographic film. This
autoradiograph is of a palladium hy-
dride wire loaded to ~0.6 [after Garg,
Srinivasan, et alia.] as described above.
advantages of self-heated wires are: (a)
any desired wire temperature can be ob-
tained by precisely adjusting the current;
(b) the instantaneous loading can be de-
duced from the resistance ratio which can
also be independently verified by diff er-
ential gas pressure measurements. It is
found that the absorption rate is rapid if
In coming issues:
ENGINEERING DATA
PROTON SEMICONDUCTORS
MORE MATERIAL INFO
HELIUM DIFFUSION
ZERO POINT ENERGIES
the wire temperature is set just below the

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 3391, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Whatever Happened to
'Cold Fusion'?"
IEEE ENDORSES
FUSION RESEARCH
The IEEE has endorsed fusion research
despite massive shifts described in this is-
sue. These are excerpts of their position
from the IEEE-USA Energy Policy Com-
mittee Entity Position Statement on Fusion
Power.
"The Institute of Electrical and Elec-
tronics Engineers - United States Activities
(IEEE-USA) endorses research and devel-
opment in fusion power aimed at a timely
demonstration of fusion as a virtually inex-
haustible, environmentally attractive and
economical power source for base load
electrical power generation. We recom-
mend increased funding for R&D in energy
technologies, to provide a diverse set of op-
tions for efficient end-use and acceptable
electricity generation in the near- and long-
terms. Our vision emphasizes energy effi-
ciency and conservation, and a diversifica-
tion of energy sources including solar and
renewable energy, advanced nuclear fission
technology, and fusion in order to reduce
the need for burning fossil fuels.
In its most achievable form, fusion en-
ergy comes from the conversion of hydro-
gen into helium, with the release of
energetic helium nuclei and neutrons. A
reduction in the total mass of the reacting
particles releases energy, in accord with
Einstein's theory of relativity.
The potential advantages of fusion
power include: (1) universally available
and virtually inexhaustible fuel; (2) negli-
gible atmospheric emissions, in contrast to
the CO, and acid emission from burning
fossil fuels; (3) limited impacts on ecologi-
cal and geophysical processes; and (4) ra-
diological hazards and proliferation risks
significantly less than with nuclear fission
power.
FOR THE WORLD
(MORE INFORMATION - SEE PAGE 3 TOO)
COLD FUSION
TIMES
SET Technology o
8
BROUGHT TO YOU BY
THE FIRST AMENDMENT
OF THE UNITED STATES
CONSTITUTION
The World
A Public Information Uality
Software Iool & Die
Have a story? — report -- paper
- theory -- contribution-
suggestion -- invention —- ad -_.
or even a comment?
GET INVOLVED NOW
617-739-0202
Authors, scientists, writers, inventors, en-
crepreneurs, consultants, economists, futu-
rists - you're invited to submit manuscripts
for consideration for publication in the
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley HIlL, MA 02181
(Your diskette is helpful, or e-mail to mica@world.sid.com]
There is NO publication wich
tigher information density in this fielo
JET
Technology
spectroscopic Analysis
Integrating Multiring™ Calorimeters
T-NOTCH Nickel Reactors
Specimen Testing & Certification
Series 95 Multiring™ Calorimeters
(35 c¢, 65020 chlp, J.5 mW scslyy)
(4500e, 68040 chip, 0.5 mW scottylty)
1280 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(68020 chip, 10 zuno-to 0.95 Ampere dilve)
1200 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(68000 chip, 1 micro-la 0, 13 Ampere drive)
T-NOTCH™ Nickel Reactors
5-10.5 Watt Light Water Syztem
500 - 10.5 Kilowatt Light Water Systera
T-NOTCH™ -Tested Nickel Electrodes
Epeat drive condition
• 71 wear lapur poma
$2199
[riczama FOR Dodor, HIM: 190 daya delirery Pricas rebjat to change wilbore sallon!
Integral
LOTTAT
Spectrogre
Nickel
Sample
and
Control
Resistor
Written requests for information --
Please send letterhead or business card to:
JET Technology
co COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135 Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
WE WANT YOUR
SUPPORT NOW
So does the field
and our fine advertisers
SUPPORT THEM
#
E-QUEST SCIENCES

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1028, "chars": 7042, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE BUSINESS OF COLD FUSION
WHAT'S HAPPENIN' - Fall '95
(continued from page 6)
due to detector artifacts
and faulty
no excess heat. Hansen has more experi-
Fleischmann gave two lectures. In
estimates of statistical significance..."
ence with electrochemistry and calorime-
my opinion, the major important point he
try than the Harwell researchers, and he
made is that heat promotes the CF reac-
another oil company finally came o
was given full access to their data. The
tion. This is very important and it has
the woodwork. Amoco reported some oi
Harwell researchers relied upon hardware
been overlooked by many people in the
but extremely important early results. Eis-
which they did not fully understand, and
field even though Fleischmann, Ikegami
ner [27], of the University of Houston,
upon a sophisticated analysis which
(24] and other mainstream leaders have
described the 1989 experiments that he
turned out to be unnecessarily complex.
pointed it out many times over the years.
and Lautzenhiser and Phelps of the Amo-
Hansen's linear regression "is much sim-
co Production Company performed. Ac-
pler and faster" than Harwell's technique.
Srinivasan reported a number of oth-
cording to Amoco's 1989 report [28], the
By using better algorithms with the same
er extraordinary experiments from vari-
first experiment "yielded a 30% energy
data, he achieved an order of magnitude
ous labs at BARC that range from weird
gain over the life of the experiment (two
better precision than they did. You might
to extremely promising. He acts as a rep-
months). In June 1989, the experiment
call this a triumph of software over hard-
resentative from India, because not many
was modified and a second run also
ware.
The Harwell experiments are not
Indian scientists are able to attend these
yielded "about 30% excess energy until
intrinsically important. Much better re-
international conferences. He gave two
the catalyst become waterlogged." Other
sults have been achieved since 1989, and
lectures to cover the work of many other
successful runs were performed. Their
far better techniques have been discov-
groups. [4, 5] His dynamic and fascinat-
conclusion: "The calorimetry conclu-
ered, so there is no technological impera-
ing talks move at such a rapid pace and
sively shows excess energy was pro-
tive to look back at these early results.
touch on many amazing topics.
duced within the electrolytic cell over
But for political reasons it is important to
the period of the experiment. This
show that the conclusions published by
There was an interesting contrast be-
tween Kennel, Hagelstein and Smullin
[25] on one hand and Karabut [26]. In
1992, Karabut et al. first reported excess
heat and gamma rays from a glow dis-
charge experiment.
Karabut has im-
proved the heat measurements with a
single flow calorimeter, instead of three
static calorimeters for each of the three
main components. This puts the excess
heat on much firmer ground. DuFour, at
Shell Research, [19] made the same im
provement as Karabut, with equally good
results. He combined several separate
calorimeters for different component into
one unified flow calorimeter, which ac-
counts for all inputs and output. He con-
tinues to detect up to 7 watts of excess
heat. It is good to see that the oil compan-
ies are seriously pursuing this form of en-
ergy. Hagelstein has been working hard
for the past few years to replicate this ex-
periment, but he has achieved little suc-
cess. Kennel et al. "call attention to
various means by which false positive
signals can be observed in x-ray and gam-
ma spectroscopy." They cast doubt upon
Karabut's findings: "The authors wonder
if other researchers presenting data on
gamma and X-ray emission from cold fi-
sion experiments may have fallen prey to
similar phenomena. However, it is most
expressly not the intention of this paper to
make the claim that all positive results are
amount, 50 kilojoules, is such that any
Harwell were incorrect.
chemical reaction would have been in
near molar amounts to have produced
the energy. Chemical analysis shows
that no such chemical reactions oc-
curred. The tritium results show that
some form of nuclear reactions oc-
curred during the experiment."
As a humorous aside, let me add that
when we showed the Amoco results to
Morrison at ICCF4 in 1994, after the clos-
ing ceremony, he turned pale as a ghost
and took off like a shot. This is one of the
many nightmare results that "skeptics"
wish they could forget, along with KEK,
Mitsubishi, NIT, Los Alamos, E-Quest,
SRI, Canon, etc., etc.
Hansen [29] described more
about
his detailed analysis of the 1989 Harwell
data, which he previously discussed at
ICCF3 and ICCF4. The Harwell experi-
ments were performed in the summer of
1989 by inexperienced junior scientists,
who mistakenly concluded that there was
REFERENCES
2. B. Klein, "Cold Fusion Econo-
mics." #613
3. D. Cravens, "Flow Calorimetry
and the
Patterson
Power Celt
(TM) Design," # 208
7. L. G. Sapogin,
"О Unitary
Quantum Mechanics," I| Nuovo
Cimento, vol. 53A No. 2, p. 251
(1979)
8. J. Griggs, "Sonoluminescence,
Excess Energy and the Hydroson-
ic Pump," #607
9. R.
George,
*Cavitation In-
duced Micro-Fusion
85
Evi-
denced by
the Production
of
Heat, 3He, and 4He," # 324
19. J. DuFour, "Interaction Palla-
dium/Hydrogen
Isotopes
Cold
Fusion By Sparking In Hydrogen
Isotopes, " ICCFS paper #604
20. I. B. Savyatimova, "Nuclear
Reaction Product Registration on
the Cathode afler Glow Dischar-
ge" ICCF5 psper # 318
21.
Kunimatsu,
"Materi-
als/Surface Aspects of Hydro-
gen/Deuterium Loading into Pd
athodes, ICCES paper # 50
22. M. Okamoto,
The Presen
Status and the Scope of the Japan
Basic Research Project of New
Hydrogen Energy." ICCF5 paper
#211
23. S. Pons and M. Fleischmann,
"More about Boiling." ICCF5 pa-
per #204
24. H. Ikegemi, "The Next Steps
In Cold Fusion Research," Oyou
Butsuri, Vol 62, No. 7, July 1993,
p. 717
25, E. Kennel et al., "Gamma and
X-Ray Meaturements in Electro-
chemically
Active
Systems,"
ICCFS paper # 330
26. A. B. Kerabur, "Excess Fest
Measurements in Glow Discharge
Using Flow Calorimeter," ICCFS
paper #319
27. M. Eisner, "The Serendipi-
tols Design and Execution of an
Early Experiment which con-
firmed Heat in the Fleischmann-
Pons Effect," ICCF5 paper # 212
28, I. Lautzenhiser,
D. Phelps,
"Cold Fusion: Report on a Recent
Amoco
Experiment,"
Production
Amoco
Company,
Report
T-90-E-02, 90081ART0082, 19
March 1990
29. W. Hansen, "A Statistical Ap-
prosch to Electrochemical Calori-
metric Analysis," ICCES paper #
213
30. M. H. Miles (Naval Air
Weapons Center), B. F. Bush
(SRI), D. E. Stillwell (CAES),
"Calorimetric
Principles and
Problems in Measurements of
Excess Power during Pd-120
Electrolysis," I.
Phys,
1994, 98, p. 1948-1952
Chem.
31. M. Fleischmann,
S. Pors,
*The Experimenter's
Regress,"
ICCFS paper #215
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The
Scientific Aspects Of Loading
Isotopic Fuels Into Materials
@ 1995 JET Technology
All rights reserved.
I BROUGHT TO YOU BY THE FIRST AMENDMENT
NOVA RESOURCES GROUP

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 292, "chars": 1963, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE HAS GONE BEFORE
COLD FUSION TIMES
Volume 3 Number 3
Fall 1995
© 1995
ISSN #1072-2874
MORE
REPORTS:
From Massachusetts, Illinois, New
Mexico, Utah, Washington D.C.,
India, Italy, France, Netherlands,
and Russia, Plus copious material
science and engineering news.
Much has been going on.
'''Cold Fusion' is now ignored, disdained and even
mocked by scientists and the public. This is due to a variety of
mistakes by scientists and the government, and the unwilling-
ness of journal, magazine and newspaper editors to pay atten-
tion to this topic. But, does this mean that nothing is being
done, or should be done, in response to questions raised by
work on 'cold fusion'?
Several hundred peopleworld-wide
are spending full or part time trying to get to the bottom of the
mysteries which followed from the 1989 announcement by
Pons and Fleischmann. The fifth international conference in
LECTURE: "Whatever Happened to'Cold Fusion'?"
Europe earlier this year attracted 200 people, half of them
with industrial connections, mainly from Japan, Italy, France
Washington, D.C. - David Nagel, Superintendent of the
and the U.S.
Condensed Matter and Radiation Sciences Division, U. S. Na-
val Research Laboratory (NRL), scheduled a lecture on cold
There are active programs in Russia, India and China. A
fusion at The Philosophical Society of Washington 2048th
framework for organizing work on 'cold fusion' will be pres-
Meeting Friday, October 20; 1995. The Philosophical Soci-
ented, along with some of the data which cannot, in the opin-
ety, founded 1871, took a quantum leap in its knowledge of ion of the speaker, be attributed to fraud or error. If correct,
these data would strongly indicate that nuclear reactions are
viously hosted Talbott Chubb. The following are excerpts behind some of the observations. "
from the abstract of the lecture:
(Continued on page 8)
•
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA USA 02181
TO:
