{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T11:23:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 447452, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119534-letter-from-dr-steven-greer-re-strategic-planning-for-stan-meyer-technology-1-21-14.pdf", "source_sha256": "06ba29f2f3ad9b787cc02dc349b66fabbdd2f832c7b477cd7cc2b2252d31d6d5"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 570, "chars": 3592, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Steve Greer
Tuesday, January 21, 2014 2:22 PM
XXXXXXX
From Dr. Greer
Dear X
It was a pleasure speaking with you yesterday and look forward to meeting you soon!
Regarding the Toroid (and perhaps other operational materials from the Meyer work) I would like to offer some
strategic help if it may be useful to you and the team. To Wit:
If the materials are operational at this point, time is of the essence - and to be frank, not on our side.
A very good fit would be for the R and D team to continue to develop and scale up the technology while a
Strategic Team tests it, secures it, discloses it and massively educates the public about it. As mentioned, IF
there is a Demonstration Unit (DU) that can be configured to be self-running (charge the start up battery or
capacitor pack from output while still running a load of significant and measurable wattage (power), the
following steps should be urgently taken:
1. Multiple copies (at least 12) of the DU should be made and dispersed. All plans and design data should be
similarly dispersed ASAP as this de-targets the team in MI. What does this mean? In essence, the achilles heel
of such R and D projects is that they sit on the technology and information for too long- and are in what is
called a "Kill Box". If the technology is robustly dispersed, decentralized and moved out of a central and very
vulnerable location, the team is immediately protected- since threatening the team in MI would be useless if the
technology is elsewhere secured- and massively Disclosed. This type of Strategic Security trumps any and all
tactical efforts (e.g. security teams, moving to another country - where the team would, in fact, be LESS safe-
see below.) The technology does not need to be in scaled-up perfect form prior to actuating this plan; indeed it
is best if the technology is dispersed and Disclosed massively at each critical milestone of development. This
builds public support, interest and strategic protection and security. Remember: secrecy is our enemy.
If the intent is open-source and robust promulgation of the technology, nothing can be lost from acting sooner
rather than later. Waiting for perfection may well mean another tragic take-down by nefarious interests that
have suppressed such breakthroughs for over 100 years.
2) Assuming there is a robust, stable and reliably operational DU that proves Over - Unity power generation ( it
must not run off the grid or conventional power supply for reasons too long to go into here- mostly they are
psychological in the scientific, media and policy worlds...), I would have several DU's made available
immediately for full, transparent testing and evaluation by the most prestigious scientific entities in the world (
I have access to these- MIT, Stanford, etc). The DU should also come with a full set of plans and schematics so
that anyone skilled in the art of creating a prototype could do so seamlessly, without central R and D team input.
This then assures that the technology is independently reproducible and verifiable- the sine qua non of real
science and technology. My team can immediately undertake this task.
3) On the firm foundation of the FIRST independent verified test and proof of the technology, a massive,
robust and very muscular PR Disclosure process should commence. We cannot make the perfect the enemy of
the good. Remember: other technological breakthroughs are announced at the basic science level, long before
commercially viable iterations are developed and available to the public. This is standard operating procedure,
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 698, "chars": 4274, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and it will not be held against us if the technology is not ready for sale or deployment so long as the scientific
testing is secured and the testing entities are prestigious and beyond reproach. There should be no delay for
this, and it will be costly, but is the best route to safe-guard the technology, the team- and secure the human
future. I have inside access to top PR firms (like the ones that represent George Lucas, Tom Cruise and
others....) and they would need to be brought up to speed on a priority basis. This means that they clear their
schedule on an emergency PR basis.
4) Assuming the technology is in multiple places, with at least a dozen DUs and plans in secure hands and
dispersed strategically, we would want to pursue further scientific testing from multiple entities and also set up
demonstrations of the technology with full scientific and reproducibility reports by third parties available to the
public, media and opinion makers. These include: all major media, a National Press Club event, demos for
select (and friendly) world leaders, celebrities and high profile social figures. This we can certainly do.
Eventually, we will arrange for a number of world-renown figures to have their homes and / or cars running on
the technology. This assures that the controlled and corrupt mainstream media cannot red-line and kill the story.
(BTW folks like Russell Crowe and others are fans of our work- imagine such figures Tweeting and giving
interviews about the technology running their houses! You get the idea...)
5). A confidential demo should be set up for POTUS, select members of Congress, the PM of Australia (whose
best friend I have spend time with recently) and other key progressive figures who are friendly to alt. energy
solutions. An educational campaign should begin to get those who are friendly to new energy, the environment
and alleviating world poverty on our side as quickly as possible. There are many "friendlies" out there to whom
we have access who will step out for us, but we must secure the science and proof first.
6) Continuing R and D can occur contemporaneously while the technology is secured, tested, proven and
Disclosed. The MI team may, or may not, wish to be identified. The public scrutiny that comes with such
efforts- how well I know- will be difficult and potentially disruptive. This is a gut-check call that is best made
by those working on the technology. Certainly, they should feel free to do either- but should do so with, as we
say in medicine, informed consent. I would not wish it on anyone, having lived through what I have...
7) Tactical security WILL be necessary for the team, the Disclosure and Strategic efforts and so forth. However,
the primary source of protection, ultimately, is getting the technology known and dispersed ASAP. I assure you
that there is no country or jurisdiction on earth beyond the reach of the covert interests (they are multiple and
often un-coordinated free agents) who wish to suppress such a breakthrough. A multi-centered R and D effort,
open source and freely sharing developments in real time, is the best strategy. Moving the central team to
another country- outside the dominant US based media and Internet culture (woeful as it is!) actually weakens
security for the team. These are very complex strategic issues, and often counter-intutive. But the key is
redundancy, openness, transparency and not having all your eggs in one basket, as it were. An excellent
solution is that the R and D team is at a secure, undisclosed location while multiple other teams, including our
Strategic team, are known. Hide in plain site and those accustomed to a cat and mouse, spy vs. spy game will be
flummoxed. They have mastered secrecy- we will not beat them on their turf. We have mastered Disclosure and
must go with our strengths- not try to co-opt theirs.
8. I am willing to assist with this immediately- but whether I do it (it is daunting and fraught with danger to be
honest) - someone must. Please do not delay this Strategic Security- I assure you nobody has the resources to
frustrate the tactical threat that the opposition possesses. We can discuss this in person as it is sensitive and
disturbing.
Please let me know how you wish to proceed.
Best Always,

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 7, "chars": 55, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Steve

Steven M. Greer MD

WwWww.SiriusDisclosure.com
