{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T00:39:44Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 22, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3229240, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119759-vancouver-island-analysis-of-a-photograph-october-8-1981.pdf", "source_sha256": "4435a678285b66940619080bc43650cc56b00a9cd048100c2a4bf3f7fc9a5932"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 311, "chars": 2050, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LOCATION: Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada
DATE: 8 OctobeI 1981
PHOTOGRAPHER: A twenty-six year old woman
SIGHTING
INFORMATION:
photograph
The
circumstances behind this UFO
are straightforward and
Iemarkable only in that
nothing
unusual
was
seen at the time.
The photographer merely
centered the
peak of a nearby mountain in the viewfinder of her
camera
• and Ieleased the shutter. She did not see a UFO; indeed,
it was only after she had received the color prints and
negatives
from
the processor that she realized she had captured.
an anomalous domed object on film.
INVESTIGATION: Working from the original negative, DI. Richard
Haines,
research scientist and
prominent UFO investigator,
found
that it contained
• no visible scratches, blemishes, or
other tamper-indicating
effects.
The dome-to-disc
width and
height ratios
of the filmed object compare favorably with those
of other UFOs seen over the years and are not unique.
A
scan of
the photograph
using a micro-densitometer, an
Instrument capable of measuring the optical density--and hence
relative
the
brightness--of the images depicted in the photo, found
reflectance value of the
diso
be less
than
values
corresponding to several common metals, such as steel, aluminum,
and
silver.
Therefore,
the
disc was probably not composed of
any of
these metals.
The
lack
of double
edges around the
picture's
perimeter tends to rule out the possibility of a
double exposure.
In an attempt to determine whether the picture shows a
Frisbee OI other thrown object, DI. Haines flung a conventional
Frisbee with a
dome
mounted
atop it. The poor aerodynamics
displayed
by this makeshift model made it clear this is not what
appears
Since the image of the disc is
clearly in focus
and
motionless
OI
moving
towards or ana tom be use ther
towards or away
• from
the
photographed,
a detail extraordinarily hard for
a
would-be
hoaxer to replicate.
The scientific examination of the Vancouver photograph Iules
out any
prosaic
explanation for the domed disc, and it must be
considered unidentified.
:

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 415, "chars": 2882, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
lournal of Scientific Exploration, Vol. 1. No. 2. pp: 129-147, 198*
ergamon Press pic Printed in the USA
0892-3310/87 $3.00+00
©1988 Society for Scientific Exploration
Analysis of a UFO Photograph
RICHARD F. HAINES
325 Langton Avenue. Los Altos. CA 94022
Abstract-This report reviews various investigative activities and analyses
surrounding a photograph of a purported unidentified flying object (UFO)
taken on October 8. 1981 at about 11:00 a.m. local time on Vancouver
Island, British Columbia. The evidence consisted of a single frame of 35 mm
color film which showed a sharply focused disc-like object against a clear
blue sky with wooded mountain peak nearby. Analyses of the original negative
included micro-densitometry, computer enhancements, and other measure-
lents intent upon showing a support thread, atmosphere disturbance, o
ther evidences of a hoax. These analyses suggest that the disc was a thre
dimensional object located at a distance of at least 30 feet from the camera;
the object's surface albedo was diffuse and of lower luminance than sunlit
cloud. Extensive interviews with the photographer (who never saw the aerial
object), her husband and daughter and site survey tended to support the
entire narrative account. The identity of the disc object remains unidentified.
Introduction
Contrary to common belief there are many photographs of alleged UFOs. Of
course the problem lies not so much with the details of the photograph and
its negative as with the photographer and the equipment used. It is for this
reason that one must be careful to fully document seemingly unimportant
details concerning the person taking the photograph, the social situation which
surrounded the photograph(s), the camera-lens-film data, the developing-
printing-enlarging activities and the manner in which the photograph came
to the attention of the investigator. Since such a photograph image is only as
credible as the photographer who took it, one must exercise "due diligence"
in each of the above areas. Many older UFO photographs remain useless
artifacts of the UFO enigma because the investigator did not or could not
obtain all of the relevant background information. As will be made clear, the
author attempted to consider all of the above factors. Length restrictions of
this paper impose certain practical limits upon the depth to which these facts
can be documented, however.
The remainder of this report will cover the following topics: (a) the pho-
tograph and negative, (b) the camera and lens, (c) the film and its processing,
(d) the results of image analysis, (e) the site visit results, (f) credibility of the
photographer, and (g) a brief review of Frisbee characteristics.
The Photograph and Negative
The author received a color negative strip of two frames. The higher num-
bered frame showed a small child standing in front of a fireplace inside a
129

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 242, "chars": 1547, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
130
R. F. Haines
home. The lower numbered frame showed a mountain whose top was very
nearly centered within the frame. The foreground detail was in sharp focus
indicating that either a fairly high shutter speed had been used or the camera
had been stabilized or both. Figure 1 is an enlargement of the full negative
reproduced as a positive print. A sharply focused disc-like object is seen above
and to the right of the mountain top. The tip of the mountain was located
close to the geometric center of the 35mm frame. This tends to support the
statement made by the photographer that she was intent upon photographing
the mountains and never saw the aerial object. The presence of a cloud directly
illuminated by sunlight through extremely clear air provides a useful upper
exposure limit in later densitometry measurements. Dark shadows seen within
a stand of trees in the left foreground provides a lower end to the exposure.
Thus, a maximum of 12,500 ft-L is assumed for the luminance of the cloud
and approximately one ft-L for the shadow area. The atmospheric clarity
makes it almost impossible to judge separation distance between the camera
and object by means of an extinction coefficient calculation.
The negative measured 36 × 24 mm. A photographic enlargement of the
disc image provided for linear measurements. Its major axis on this print was
5.70 cm while its minor axis was 1.60 cm for a width/height ratio of 3.56.
The width of the "dome" protruding from the upper surface was 1.3 cm and
Fig. I. Photograph of mountain and disc.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 449, "chars": 2749, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO Photograph
131
its height about 0.7 cm (ratio of 1.86). Finally, the dome to disc width ratio
was 4.38 and the dome to disc height ratio was 2.29. While these ratios are a
function of the viewing aspect angle, they may, in general, be compared with
corresponding values given elsewhere (Haines, 1978, 1979) of similarly shaped
aerial objects of unknown origin that have been reported over the years. This
previous work shows that the present photographic image of a disc is not
uncommon; there is a larger context of purported UFO drawings into which
this object fits.
The hyperfocal distance is the nearest distance from an object being pho-
tographed to the camera at which the object is in sharp focus when the lens
is focused on infinity. Since the mountain is in sharp focus and the photog-
rapher said that she took great care to manually focus the camera it is possible
to determine the hyperfocal distance by also knowing the focal length of the
lens and its aperture (Neblette, 1965). For a 50 mm focal length lens and f-
11 aperture the hyperfocal distance is 15 feet. Corresponding distances for f-
8 and f-16 apertures are 20 and 10 feet, respectively. Thus, the airborne object
in question must have been farther than ten feet (and probably farther than
20 feet) from the camera since it also was in sharp focus.
The actual camera settings used can only be inferred. A film with an ASA
100 exposure index (as this was) and a lens with the optical quality of this
one would have very likely automatically pre-set a shutter speed of 1/125th
second at an aperture of f-11 for the ambient scene luminance which was
present.
Finally, the negative was in very good condition and did not have any
visible scratches, major blemishes, or other defects. An invisible vertical scratch
was noted in one of the dye layers as will be described later, however, this
scratch was well away from the disc image.
The Camera and Lens
The camera was a Mamiya, model 528AL, single lens reflex (SLR) type
with permanently attached Mamiya/Sekor 48mm lens with 1:2.8 aperture.
The serial number on the lens was M197535. The camera is of the automatic
exposure type meaning that all one needs to do to take a photograph is insert
the film, pre-set the correct ASA number for the film used on the camera,
aim and manually focus the lens for best focus, and press the shutter release.
Both shutter speed and aperture adjust automatically for "best" exposure.
The shutter actuation lever is of the standard top-mounted type which requires
a downward finger depression. Once the shutter has opened and closed another
exposure cannot be taken without first advancing the hilm to the next frame.
other flaws could be seen in the lens elements or surface coatings.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 101, "chars": 916, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
132
4.0
3.8
3.6
3.4
3.2
3.0
2.8
R. F. Haines
Characteristic Curves
Exposure: Daylight
1/25 second
Densitometry: Status M
Density
•
R
3.00
8-
2.00
1.00
Log Exposure
(lux seconds)
(a)
Modulation Transfer Curve
KODACOLOR Il Film
150
100
70
50
Response
10
Exposure: Daylight
Process: C-41
Densitometry: Visual
KGF
5
10
20
50
100
200
Spatial Frequency (cycles/mm)
(b)
Fig. 2. Kodacolor Il film characteristics: (a) Characteristic curves, (b) Modulation transfer curve,
(c) Spectral sensitivity curves.
The Film and its Processing
The film used was Kodak Safety Film 5035, 35 mm, commonly known as
Kodacolor II. Its ASA rating is 100. The photograph in question was located
at frame 11. The so-called "characteristic curve" (i.e., exposure vs. optical
density), modulation transfer function, and spectral sensitivity for this film
are presented in Figure 2(a), (b), and (c), respectively (Eastman Kodak Co.
Manual, 1980).

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2378, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2.0
1.0
0.0
UFO Photograph
Spectral Sensitivity Curves
EFFECTIVE EXPOSURE
1.4 seconds
PROCESS
C-41
-DENSITOMETRY
Status M
DENSITY:
1.0 above D-MIN
Sensitivity equals reciprocal
of exposure (er gs/cm,)
requires la produce specified
density
yellow
torming
layer
magenta
forming
133
cyan
forming
layer
1.0
2.0
250
L
300
500
Wavelength (nm)
(c)
Fig. 2. Continued.
100
The concept of "graininess" and "granularity" of photographic film is im-
portant here. Graininess is defined as the subjective sensation one gets when
viewing an enlargement of a photograph of a random pattern of variations
in texture, color, or both in regions of homogeneous luminance and color
exposure. Granularity is the result of an objective measurement of the film
using an instrument known as a densitometer which measures the local density
variations that give rise to the sensation of graininess (Kodak Publications F-
20, 1973). Most silver halide crystals that make up photographic film are
dispersed in a gelatin and coated in thin layers on a supporting (paper, etc.)
base. Importantly, these crystals vary in size, shape, and sensitivity to light
energy. In general, they are also randomly distributed. As the Kodak manual
states, "Within an area of uniform exposure, some of the crystals will be made
developable by exposure; others will not. The location of the developable
crystals is random" (Kodak Publication F-20, 1973, p. 3; italics mine).
One result of this random distribution of light-sensitive crystals (grains) is
that patterns can be produced which have nothing to do with the object that
was originally photographed. If such a pattern is perceived as having a rec-
ognized shape, it is possible to conclude that the shape represents an object
somehow related to the primary object when, in fact, there is no functional
correlation with the object.
The diameter of the film's crystals is also important. The Kodak film manual
indicates that a typical crystal diameter ranges from 0.2 to 2.0 micrometers.
At a normal viewing distance of 25 to 35 cm the human eye can just discrim-
inate a crystal (grain) on the order of 0.05 mm diameter. Normally the eye
does not perceive the granular structure at low magnifications. The finer the
mean diameter of the crystals the higher the magnification can be before
graininess is noticed. It is the random nature of the exposed crystals, each

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 463, "chars": 2996, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
134
R. F. Haines
possessing a different spectral reflectivity in white light, which is a necessary
condition for the appearance of graininess to occur. Also, the mean diameter
of film crystals becomes a significant factor when deciding on a diameter for
a scanning digitizer's entrance aperture. A six micron diameter aperture was
used here which was approximately 5 mean crystal diameter of the pres-
ent film.
The roll of exposed Kodak film was developed commercially. According
to the photographer, a normal processing delay occurred (approximately 1.5
weeks). She did not specify that special development or any enlargements
were desired. A set of color positive prints ("jumbo size") and the developed
color negatives cut apart into sets of two frames were received by the pho-
tographer on or about October 26, 1981. Inspection of the attached second
frame to the one in question by the author showed that it was of a child
standing inside a home. This child was the daughter of the couple who owned
the camera; the scene was confirmed to have been taken inside their home
in Campbell River, British Columbia. This fact agreed with the story told by
the couple concerning the sequence of events of their automobile trip to the
north end of Vancouver Island and return and the photographs they remem-
bered taking.
It was not until the couple had received the set of color prints from the
Vancouver processing laboratory that they noticed the strange aerial disc in
the clear blue sky near the mountain top.
Image Analysis Results
The analysis of the negative (and also first generation positive black and
white and color prints) included the following steps: (a) linear and angular
measurements, (b) micro-densitometry scans to establish optical density range,
(c) black and white photographic enlargements using papers having different
spectral sensitivities, and (d) computer-based contrast enhancements.
Linear and Angular Image Measurements. Selected linear measurements of
the disc's image on the enlarged print are given earlier (cf. The Photograph
and Negative). The angular measurements shown in Figure 3 were determined
on the basis of the linear measurements of the image, the camera lens focal
length, and on-site survey which is described below. Referring to Figure 3 it
may be pointed out that the photograph's center was elevated about nine
degrees arc above the horizontal and the tip of the mountain was very close
to the geometric center of the photograph. The disc subtended 1.3 degrees
arc. Elevation angles from the local horizontal were measured with a surveyor's
transit to the top of the mountain, the location of the photographer, and the
sun. These latter measurements were obtained at the same time of day, day
of the year, and location as that of the original photograph but two years later.
These results are presented in Figure 4 with the disc shown in side view. The
exact outline of the disc is not known; also, the dome-like protruberance is
not shown here.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 61, "chars": 510, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO Photograph
135
Frame outline
Object
N 2° 20'
Frame
center
/
+
32*
15.3°
41-
24.3°
9-
Level
22.3°
12.6°
4 8°
Fig. 3. Horizontal and vertical angles in the photograph.
Micro-densitometry Scan Results. A Joyce Loebl Recording Micro-densitom-
eter with X20 power objective, 50:1 linear magnification ratio, slit width of
0.02 inches and vertical slit height of 1 mm was used on the original negative.
vertical
sun
59.7°
sight
of
line
72.9°
H--750
est,'
Object
eye
-camera-
Fig. 4. Summary of elevation angles.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 480, "chars": 3105, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
136
R. F. Haines
Density calibration was carried out using a Kodak ND step wedge spanning
the densities on the negative. Greatest optical density (brightest positive image)
was approximately 0.65 to 0.7 logto ND and was found on the sunlit cloud
This is equivalent to about 12,500 ft-L luminance. Figure 5 is a vertical scan
through the disc's two brightest areas using the micro-densitometer. The tracing
the ovar ad a of presents the on per-front dome bright ase This Brapese t
This scan line i
shown in Figure 6 which is an enlargement of the disc's image. Points T and
Optical density of the blue sky on the negative is shown in Figure 5 and
has a value of approximately 0.4 logio. The gradual slope of this densitometry
tracing is due to the progressive sky brightness increase from the zenith to
the horizon while the smaller amplitude deviations are due to single and
grouped film grains.
Of particular note is the fact that the brightest area on the disc was of lower
brightness than the cloud by approximately 0.15 logio unit. According to
physics handbook (Allen, 1963), a smooth, polished silver surface reflect
(within the visible spectrum) increasingly higher percentages of incident ra-
diation with increasing wavelength. An average reflectance value of about
90% is found. Polished aluminum reflects about 85% regardless of wavelength
of the incident radiation; this is also true for nickle (reflectance of about 60%),
silicon (about 30%), and steel (about 54%). This comparison of dark areas on
the negative suggests that the surface of the disc is very likely not a polished
surface of any of the above metals. If direct sunlight has a brightness of about
750,000 ft-L and a 90% reflectance is assumed for the disc's surface, the
brightest area should produce a brightness of about 675,000 ft-L which is
more than an order of magnitude greater than what was found on the negative.
A horizontal scan using the micro-densitometer also was made to see if
there was any evidence of a double exposure. A double exposure might be
indicated by the presence of double edges if the film registration is not precisely
the same during a manual rewind. No such evidence was found. In addition,
this camera could not take double exposures due to its frame locking
mechanism.
Black and White Enlargements on Different Wavelength Sensitive Paper. The
disc area of the negative was enlarged and printed on panchromatic film
which provided a relatively complete and undistorted translation of the three
primary colors in the negative into shades of gray. This is shown in Figure
7(a). The top "dome" protruberance is clearly visible. The same area on the
negative also was printed at the same enlargement using blue-green sensitive
paper which significantly reduces the contribution of the red emulsion layer
to the final black and white print. This is shown in Figure 7(b). The blue-
green sensitive paper increases the overall brightness of the sky and causes
the "dome" area on the disc to almost disappear. Apparently, the dome is
not reflecting or emitting radiation in the red end of the spectrum.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 15, "chars": 131, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
UFO photograph
137
SKY7
sz7=
disk-
aN SEO
ут в
2/6=
250
Fig. 5. Micro-densitometer vertical scan through disc image.
0.65 ND
=4.46

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 98, "chars": 675, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
138
R. F. Haines
Scan
line
fig. 15
Fig. 6. Photo enlargement of disc.
Computer-Based Contrast Enhancement Results. The negative was digitized
using a Perkin-Elmer Scanning Densitometer set to six microns diameter
entrance aperture. Optical density was achieved to 16 bit resolution. The
negative was scanned and digitized three times: each scan was made using a
color filter having the approximate spectral distribution as the dye layers in
the negative.' System output was recorded on 2 inch magnetic tape at 1.600
bits per inch density for processing and display by a digital computer. The
region studied was only slightly larger than that of the disc in order to conserve

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 11, "chars": 108, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
(a)
_(b)
Fig. 7. Black and white image enlargement: (a) Panchromatic paper. (b) Blue-green sensitive
paper.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 2955, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
140
R. F. Haines
memory and processing time. The range of optical densities found within this
image area ranged from five to 400. Since the optical densities extended only
from about 200 to 400 for the disc's image, the computational range was
truncated by dropping the top 8 bits. Thus, the 8 bits from zero to 255 levels
of density are presented in all of the following computer color enhancements
Figures 8 and 9 are enhancements obtained using only the blue filter scan,
that is, there is almost no contribution to this image from green or red wave.
to represent film densities characteristic of the surrounding sky density. It
must be emphasized that there is no particular significance to the colors seen
Figure 9 shows a black and white enhancement using an undistorted con-
trast. Much of the top surface detail becomes invisible in both Figures 8 and
9. Presumably this is due to the particular range of wave-lengths that are being
reflected or emitted by the disc. Both of these figures show that the sky is
relatively homogeneous, the film's crystals (each possessing different sensitivity
to light) are approximately random in their spatial distribution as expected
Also shown is a relatively sharply defined bottom edge of the disc relative to
its upper edge. The shadow seen under the discs lower edge in Figure 6 is
barely re 0 presents an enhancement made using a green filter where purples
and blues are assigned to densities which predominate within the image of
the disc and yellows are assigned to densities characterizing the background
sky. A long vertical scratch exists to the left of the disc's image within this
particular emulsion layer. Not only is the sky's density relatively homogeneous
in its density but the two regions of greater brightness on the dise become
much more apparent. The overall shape of the disc is symmetrical but has
more pointed ends. The significance of this is unclear
A red filter was used to generate the enhancement shown in Figure 11. As
was noted in enhancements using a green filter, the dome is missing in this
enhancement suggesting that the protruberance on top of the disc is reflecting
or emitting wavelengths mainly in the blue-green portion of the spectrum.
Finally, a three-color composite enhancement including blue, green, and
red wavelengths was made. Figure 12 presents one such enhancement to il-
lustrate the homogeneity of the sky as well as the emulsion flaw and highlights
on the image of the disc. None of the above enhancements show any evidence
for a suspension line or thread above the disc.
Site Visit Results
A comprehensive site visit was made by the author on October 7-8, 1983.2
Photographs, measurements, and general inspections were made of the entire
' The film's yellow forming layer, magenta layer, and cyan layer peaked in sensitivity at 425.
545, and 650 nm, respectively. This technique permitted the information content in each layer
to be analyzed separately.

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 243, "chars": 1584, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO photograph
141
Fig. 8. Color enhancement of disc image using a blue filter.
vicinity of the Provincial park where the photograph had been taken. Figure
13 is a topographic chart of the area with the mountain darkened, Thislocation
is just east of highway 19 at the Eve River bridge, about 49 miles west northwest
of Campbell River, British Columbia on Vancouver Island. Area X on this
chart marks the approximate location of the photographer. This spot is located
at 126°14' West and 50°19.4' North. The photographer and her family had
stopped at this park for a rest when the photograph was taken. The rectangular
area marked with a C is property operated by the McMillan-Bloedel Lumber
Co. Ltd. camp which was unoccupied when the author was there. The clearing
in the forested area was gravel covered with a few buildings, fuel pumps, a
dynamite shack, and vehicles of various kinds. Intense white yard lights 1l-
luminated the area at night (in 1983). A registered civil engineer conducted
i site survey and determined that the photographer stood approximately 4,241
feet north of highway 19 (within the Provincial park) and faced 3°18' nort
by west toward the peak of the mountain. The slant distance to the mountain
peak was 7,580 feet for an elevation angle of 24°17'. The height of the moun-
"I am greatly indebted to Donald H. Haines, my father and registered civil engineer who
accompanied me and who performed the survey of the site. I am also grateful to the Fund for
UFO Research, Maryland who supported a part of the travel costs to British Columbia from
California.

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 233, "chars": 1446, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
142
R. F. Haines
Fig. 9. Black and white enhancement with undistorted contrast.
tain from the local horizontal was 3.117 feet while the elevation of the pho-
tographer's position was 984 feet above mean sea level.
Although the Provincial park was located within an area cleared of evergreen
trees, second growth timber extended from the base of the mountain almost
to its top. After inspecting the site it was clear that there was sufficient flat
ground to have flown a model airplane or thrown a Frisbee* into the air.
Neither the photographer nor her husband admit to doing this. There are no
buildings or stores within a radius of 15 miles of this spot. The photographer
does not remember passing any vehicles on the morning she took the photo
other than a few logging trucks with loads of logs.
Credibility of the Photographer
In cases such as this it is essential to establish the credibility of the persons
involved. Mrs. D.M. (age 26) was the photographer. She was accompanied
by her husband (age approximately 30) and their 18 month-old daughter and
* Both Mr. and Mrs. D.M. stated that there were no other persons at the Provincial park before.
during. or while they were leaving the camp site. The large open area would have afforded a wide
and unobstructed view of the surrounding terrain had there been someone else there. They also
stated that no sounds were heard from the direction of the mountain while they were at the camp
Site

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 37, "chars": 264, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
I43

pi ae
jaar
+
at
ate ‘]
oh
©
—
=
~_!
=
,
5
a" : AD Y*
* «
. Pe 4
rr i Vy, Pie
. a, ee |
7 rhe, i”, -
ee ee 1:4 + *
ho, helt™. IL Pw,

Fig. 10. Color enhancement of disc image using a green filter.

Fig. 11. Color enhancement of disc image using a red filter.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 24, "chars": 179, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fig. 12. Three color enhancement of disc image.
Port Neith!'
PAKISTS
Mtn.
top
• 2.
Fig. 13. Topographic chart of photographic site on Northern Vancouver Island. British Columbia.

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 559, "chars": 3387, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO photograph
145
the family dog. The family was on their way to visit her sister at Holberg.
located at the northwest tip of Vancouver Island. Mrs. D.M. was an outgoing.
pleasant person with a casual interest in UFOs. Inspection of their home did
not indicate any interest at all in the occult, the psychic realm, or related
subjects. Mr. D.M. worked at the lumber mill in Campbell River. Neither
person claimed to have read any books specifically on UFOs, but had seen
the movie Close Encounters of the Third Kind. The husband was an avid
science fiction fan in earlier years.
When asked what they had done immediately after noticing the dise on
the photograph (some 18 days later on October 26, 1981), Mrs. D.M. replied,
"Well, we didn't know what to do. Eventually we showed it to our neighbors
and Mr. and Mrs. M. Sr. (husband's parents)." Mrs. D.M. phoned the Ca-
nadian Forces Base at Comox in mid-November 1981 concerning their pos-
sible interest in seeing the photograph. She. just wanted to see if they
were interested in it and if they knew anything about what the object could
be." An air force representative (allegedly) said they were not interested in
viewing it, but did take her name and address. It was not until the summer
of 1982 that the family travelled to Vancouver, B.C. bringing one 4" X 5"
color print with them. They visited the Vancouver Planetarium and spoke
with the Director, David Dodge who called in David Powell who was interested
in UFO phenomena. The couple were pursuaded to lend the original negative
to them to make enlarged copies. The negatives were delivered to Mr. Powell
in June 1982 and were returned to Mr. and Mrs. D.M. on January 28, 1983.
These dates may be significant since they suggest that the photographer was
willing to wait a long time before pursuing an explanation for the disc-like
image on her photograph. If this event had been a deliberate hoax it is more
likely that some overt action to capitalize on it might have been taken soon
after the disc had been discovered and not almost a year later. Of course this
is not a conclusive argument to support this contention.
The author found the photographer and her husband to be middle-class,
hard-working people. Their property was well kept. Nothing could be found
which pointed to a deliberate hoax. Both displayed genuine puzzlement about
the origin of the disc on the photograph. Mr. and Mrs. D.M. were not defensive
nor did they ever attempt to cover up anything as far as could be determined
For example, when asked if he owned a Frisbee, Mr. D.M. said yes and located
it immediately for the author's inspection. It was a 9" diameter, dull black,
"Professional FIFI model." He claimed to have been proficient in throwing
it in the past, but had not done so in some time. There was no indication
that some type of dome-like structure had been attached to it. The suspicion
lingered throughout the investigation that a Frisbee or other similar object
had merely been tossed up into the air and photographed. It became important
to learn more about the subject of Frisbees and their "flight" qualities.
5 While it is true that Mr. and Mrs. D.M. have had color enlargements made of their photograph
and have sold some, this was done as a courtesy to their friends and to others who wrote asking
for copies. Almost no profit has been made from the sale of these photographs.

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 108, "chars": 676, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
146
R. F. Haines
A Review of Frisbee Characteristics
is 11.4 seconds (1980)
The linear width of the disc's image on the negative was 0.98 mm. The
width of the 36 mm frame was equivalent to a horizontal angle of 48°. The
useful ratio can be formed:
36/48: 0.98/X
up as a blur on the leading and trailing edge of the Frisbee's photographic
image. There is virtually no blur visible on the photograph in question which
strongly argues that the disc was not travelling normal to the line of sight. If
it was motionless it would be far more difficult to perceive, particularly if the
• I wish to thank Mr. Gordon Holt for his professional assistance in this phase of the analysis.

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 453, "chars": 3041, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO photograph
147
photographer was (a) looking through a camera's optics and (b) was not ex-
pecting to see anything hanging motionless in the air.
It is highly unlikely that the object photographed was a commercially avail-
able Frisbee. There are significant top surface contour differences between a
Frisbee and the photographed disc. This was shown by a careful comparison
of photographs of a Frisbee model with scale dome oriented the same as the
photographed disc and illuminated by sunlight under the same angular con-
ditions. The surface reflections were markedly different in each case. In ad-
dition, the presence of the tiny, concentric micro-grooves on all Frisbees would
not be expected to yield a sharp contrast gradient as is seen in Figures 7(b),
8, and 9. When the author attached a light-weight dome to a Frisbee it would
not fly very far nor very high. It is problematical whether another person
could have achieved such a feat. The author inspected the frame immediately
following the frame in question and found that it had been taken in Campbell
River following the trip north. The immediately preceding frame was also
in order to photograph it, only one photo was taken. It is fortuitous that such
a clearly focused image was obtained on the first try, if this is what happened
Furthermore, this explanation does net stand up under scrutiny of the author's
in-depth interviews and site visit. The fact that the photographer stated that
she was taking a photograph of the mountain (and not of a UFO disc or
model) is further supported by the fact that the top of the mountain was well
centered in the photograph. The object was not centered. The lack of any
image blur suggests that the disc was nearly motionless which would make it
n summary, this investigation has shown that a mature adult with hig
redibility and little or no interest in UFO phenomena obtained a singl
colored, sharp imaged photograph of an unidentified aerial dise-like object.
Her subsequent reactions to seeing the disc's image on her photograph pro-
duced surprise and dismay as well as the normal array of "answer-seeking"
behavior. She has not capitalized on having such a photo? and still acts some-
what embarrassed at having taken it without seeing the disc. The disc's identity
has not been identified to date.
Allen, C. W. (Ed.). (1963). Astrophysical quantities. London: The Athlone Press.
Eastman Kodak Co. (1980). Kodacolor I film specifications (Publication DS-Il). New York:
Eastman Kodak Co.
Haines, R. F. (1978). UFO drawings by witnesses and non witnesses: Is there something in common?
UFO Phenomena, 2, 123-151.
Haines, R. F. (1979). What do UFO drawings by alleged eyewitnesses and non-eyewitnesses have
in common? In R. F. Haines (Ed.), UFO phenomena and the behavioral scientist (chapter
12). Metuchen, NJ: The Scarecrow Press.
Kodak Co. (1973). Understanding graininess and granularity (Publication F-20). New York:
Neblette, C. B. (1965). Photographic lenses. New York: Morgan and Morgan, Publishing.
' See footnote 5.

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
