{"created_utc": "2026-09-12T08:56:20Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 257043, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304124486999077, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119990-silent-missile-microwave-pulse-daily-mail-article.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540675000000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/119990-silent-missile-microwave-pulse-daily-mail-article.pdf", "source_sha256": "2353502642119d85c455eb19e1a64663bb5d565618d5fd71eceb1f29aaa3986c"}

Air torte connrms work on terrifying new weapon Daily Mail Olin


 Feedback           Like 3m f Fonow~MaltOnunej       Dc&Mai                                   Monday, Nova


DailyMaft
I Home U.K. j News j Sports I U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail j Health Science Money
 Latest Headlines          , Plclures

The silent missile that can destroy enemy
electronics with microwave PULSES: Air
Force confirms terrifying new weapon
• Named counter-electronics high-powered microwave advanced missile
• Weapon destroys electronic systems without hurting people or buildings
  Champ is now an operational system already in [the] tactical air force'
  Joint Air-bSurface Standoff Missile-Extended Range has been chosen as
  the delivery vehicle
By ELLIEZOLFAGHARIFARO FOR DAILYMAIL.COM
PUBLISHED:1tr EST, 26 May2a15I UPPATm: 15:19 EST, 20 May 2015

                                                               7.8k
                                                               shares
                                                                                                   356
                                                                                             View commenla
From Ocean's Seven to Star Trek, weapons that wipe out enemy electronics are a staple of sdence
fiction films.
Foryears, scientists have been attempting to create such a weapon as part of Champ, orthe
Counter-electronics High-powered microwave Advanced Missile Project.
Now, the US Air Force claims it has advanced the technology, and says it can deploy it using the
stealthy Joint Air-toSwface Standoff Missile-Extended Range (JASSM).
Scroll down for video


Foryears, scientists have been attempting to tom fantasy into reality by working on a system known as
pump, or Counter elecboNu High-powered microwave Advanced MlssUe Project
According to Foxtrot Alpha, once Integrated             HOW DOES IT WORK?
into JASSM, Champ wtll be a'first day of war
standoff weapon.                                        The missile Is equipped with an
Because it can be launched by both bombers              electromagnetic pulse cannon.
and fighters, Lockheed's Joint Air-toSurface            This uses a super-powerful microwave oven to
Standoff Missile, orJASSM, is an ideal platform         generate a concentrated beamof energy.
for Champ.
                                                        The energy causes voltage surges N
The capability is real ... and the technology can       electronic equipment, rendering them useless
be available today, said Major General Thomas           before surge pmtecfars have the chance to
Masiefio, the Air Force Research Laboratory.            react
'mar's an operational system already in our             The aim is to destroy an enema command,
tactical airforce'                                      contrdk;commun catlan and computing,
                                                        surveillance and intelligence capabilities
In 2012, aircraft manufacturer Boeing
                                                        without hurting people or Infrastructure.
successfully tested the weapon on a one-hour
flight during which it knocked out the computers
of an entire military compound.


http://www.dailymaiLco.uk/sciencetech/article-3097937/This-silent-mi5
rur rorce connrms work on terntying new weapon                                       Daily Mail Onlin


How sinister new weapon wipes out entire networks
                                                  Missile follows pre-programmed
                                             flightpath and is remotely controlled


                                   bomber
I Missile launched from Stealth

  HOW THE ELECTROMAGNETIC                                                     The missile targets a building,
  PULSE CANNON WORKS                                                          disabling everything inside
                                                                              within a matter of seconds
                 (an~ou        edhll>I!
                 whkhis hnideted from
                 Its effects
                 Concentrated bean of
                 rritrowaveenertt is
                 evated by wper-pawrfl
                 microwave oven

                 Prises of up to thousands
                 ofr~tsilsedal6uYdiag
                 tataitd qW potter sixge
                 In etectroetteleipeelet
                 wlpesadalrpkts,
                 mabtfeolooes.aahni
                 can evendisollela s.
                 D n eged raeardh
                 Dtrrtsaneld


                                                                         HQ controllers observe
                                                                         targets being knocked out

The missile is equipped with an electromagnetic pulse cannon. This uses a super-powerful microwave oven to
generate a concentrated beam of energy. The energy causes voltage surges in electronic equipment,
rendering them useless before surge protectors have the chance to react

Keith Coleman, Champ programme manager for Boeing's prototype arm Phantom Works, claims the
technology marked 'a new era in modern warfare'.
'In the near future, this technology may be used to render an enemy's electronic and data systems
useless even before the first troops or aircraft arrive,' he said during the initial test.
However, experts fear that the project could create an arms race, with countries scrambling to build
their own electromagnetic pulse weapons.
Professor Trevor Taylor, Professorial Fellow at the Royal United Services Institute, has previously
said the Western world would be more vulnerable attack because of its increased reliance on
electronics.
'Should the US be known to have developed such a technology to the production stage, it would
drive others to try to act similarly,' he said.


http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-3097937/This-silent-fr.
