{"created_utc": "2026-08-17T17:43:08Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 8487715, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/119944-scalar-wars-the-brave-new-world-of-electromagnetics-tom-bearden-file.pdf", "source_sha256": "c20c2b61db3fd7f25a61c1a00760334efd385774010b6ea8f1f975cc5e38cf30"}

Scalar Wars
                           The Brave New World of Scalar Electromagnetics
                                                       by Bill Morgan


                                For the past six months I have been undergoing the greatest paradigm shift I have ever
                                had to go through. It has rattled my nerves and shaken my bones. This intense adjustment
                                of my "world"has come about by studying the information given by Col. Tom Bearden at
                                his website Cheniere. The new knowledge there has necessitated a total revision of my
                                ideas about physical reality, the world we live in, and the future of humanity. This
                                paradigm shifting even actually made me dizzy on certain days as I tried to absorb and
                                digest Bearden's vast amount of information. I am not a scientist at all, just a layman, and I
                                have little comprehension of the math and high physics of this new science called"Scalar
                                Electromagnetics."Buut there is a great deal of information at Cheniere which needs to
                                become common knowledge as fast as possible,for the sake of the survival of life on earth.
                                To that end I have put together this small primer of Bearden's ideas, as a kind of
                                "beginner's guide" to his website. (I have tried to underline certain words and phrases
   Tom Bearden (2001)           which are part of the new "jargon" of talking about these "new" phenomena. Also I have
Lieutenant Colonel, U.S. Army   taken the liberty of holding certain words and phrases I thought were important).
          (Retired)

               (Note: Througout "EM" means "electromagnetic," and "LW" means "longitudinal wave")

                                           This article has six sections:
      1. New Waves 2. Tapping the Waves 3. Weaponization 4. Healing 5. Psychoenergeties 6. As It Stands


    1. New waves discovered
    Longitudinal EM energy fills vacuum of space, the time domain of spacetime, time as compressed energy,
    E=tc2, waves of time, phase conjugate wave pairs.

             "Electric power is everywhere present in unlimited quantities and can
             drive the world's machinery without the need of coal, oil, gas, or any
             other of the common fuels." Nikola Tesla

             "At any point and at any time, one can freely and inexpensively extract
             enormous EM energy flows directly from the active vacuum itself." Tom
             Bearden


                                  I guess the first thing to try to comprehend is that a "new" kind of
                                  electromagnetic (EM) wave has been discovered in the empty vacuum
                                  of space which, when engineered, can be an inexhaustible supply of
                                  energy in great magnitude at any place in the universe. The word "new" is
                                  in quotes because the discovery really goes back to Nikola Tesla and his
                                  discovery of what he called "radiant energy." It is also not "new" because
                                  the Russians (KGB) have been working on this technology for over 30
                                  years and have weaporozed these "new" lonEitudmal scalar waves to a
                                  great degree.


   These are the weapons Nikita Khrushchev spoke of in January, 1960.

            "By 1957-8 the Soviets had progressed to the point of a giant scalar EM accident in
            the Urals which exploded nearby atomic wastes, devastating the area. They had also
            progressed to development of great new superweapons using their new energetics -
            weapons to which Khrushchev referred in 1960 when he informed the Soviet
            Presidium of a new, fantastic weapon in development, a weapon so powerful that it
            could wipe out all life on earth if unrestrainedly employed." Tom Bearden
   After over 30 years of development, and extensive testing around the globe, these new scalar
   electromagnetic weapons are up and running and ready to go. Tom Bearden, at his website
   Cheniere, dicusses the history of these new scalar electromagnetic weapons in his paper
   "Historical Background of Scalar EM Weapons."

                                          Some Immediate Implications
             The implications of successful engineering of the longitudinal waves are
             enormous, and will change the world as we know it, one way or another. Among
       other things, these discoveries mean that:

       1. The solutions to the energy crisis and the "oil problem" are In hand. These
       oil wars are unnecessary. There is endless energy available freely from the
       domain of time.

       2. Unbelievably powerful weapons are not only possible, but are already
       operating in several nations. The many powers of these weapons are
       unprecedented and mind-boggling.

       3. The cure of diseases such as cancer and AIDS, in fact nearly any disease,
       has become possible within a few years of sufficient funding. Everyone can be
       made healthy and stay healthy.

       4. Mind control on a mass scale has now become possible, and the machines
       to do it are already in place in certain nations. It has become possible to
       mentally enslave whole populations with the twist of a few dials.

So the layman will need to understand that there is a new kind of electromagnetic energy that is
altogether different from what he knows, e.g. radio, TV, cell phones, etc. The ordinary EM waves
that we have known about are called transverse EM waves, to distinguish them from the new
longitudinal EM waves. These scalar waves do not actually exist in our "material" world, but exist
only in the vacuum of empty space, or the time domain. And we must keep in mind that this
vacuum of space we speak of exists all through everything. Even our bodies are mostly empty
space between atoms and molecules. So the gateway to this seething ocean of energy can be them
at every point in the universe. This seething ocean of energy is all around us and all through us.


                                   Emptiness is Full
       This amazing discovery announces that the "emptiness" of empty space is In fact
       not empty, but a great ocean of seething energyl

       Col. Bearden refers to this ocean of energy as being of the "time domain." It seems
       like something from Star Trek but this is where scalar electromagnetics has come
       to. And where it is going may be beyond anything Star Trek could have dreamed
       of.
       We live in a 3-dimensional world which physics calls "3-space." But there is also
       spacetime, or 4-space, or the "4th dimension." Then suddenly comes this amazing
       new knowledge that time itself is actually compressed energy. And it is energy
       which is compressed by exactly the save factor by which matter is considered
       compressed energy: the speed-of-light-spuaredl

       So we have a new companion to the famous E=mc2. It is now paired with E--tc2
       (where t is actually "delta-t," or change in time). Or (amaze your family and friends
       and) say:

                             "E equals em-cee-squared"
                                               and
                        "E equals delta-tee-cee-squared"
       It has a nice ring to it, like some freedom bell announcing a new em.

       And as the atomic bomb released the compressed energy in matter, so can we now
       unleash the tremendous energy that is compressed into time itself It gives a
       completely new meaning to the term "time bomb."


                  Some New Ternt]nolgy of Scalar Electromagnetics
                   A new science, several new names
        'Those [Russian] weapon scientists resurrected an old tern from the history of
        electrodynamics, called "energetics". That is their approach to a unified field
        theory, where everything is based on "energetics". This model as its foundations
        uses a very similar approach to that "single fundamental unit" model, where
      energy is the unit. If one makes the energy EM in nature, then one has the
      Russian energetics approach. This unified approach gathers everything in,
      including all energy actions and relations in inert matter (the first branch of
      energetics, called by the same name), all field and matter interactions in living
      matter (the second branch of energetics, called "bioenergetics"), and all mind
      operations and mind-matter interactions (the third branch of energetics, called
      "psychoenergetics"). [ed: sometimes also called "psychotronics" by the
      Russians]

      "Note that the weaponeers sliced energetics into three branches, with each branch
      depending on the nature of the "targeting".

      "So I took a hint from them, since the stuff and the approach worked. They had
      already weaponized it highly."

      Bearden : http://www.cheniere.org/eorrespondence/021502a.htm
      See also "Subdivisions of Soviet Energetics"


  Rick Andersen in an article called "What is Scalar Eleetromagnetics?" describes the new
  science this way:

  "Scalar EM is the brainchild of Lt. Col. (retired) Thomas E. Bearden, a systems analyst
  and wargames specialist who has been advocating a view of electromagnetics which is
  based on the notion of a vast, unseen background of scalar energies (as opposed to vector
  energies) which underly all physical reality.

  "If Bearden is correct in his Scalar EM theory, then we can build devices which would
  enable us to alter gravity, time, inertia, and the apparent mass of an object. This of
  course has ENORMOUS implications for military applications, space-vehicle drives,
  time-travel, teleportation, paranormal phenomena, and just about every other area one
  can think of." http:I/twm.co.nz/Beardscaleni.html

         "Time-energy, time-currents, and time-structuring play the dominant
         role in electromagnetics. Time-as-energy eventually becomes
         engineerable, as easily as is spatial energy now. We are always dealing
         with spacetime and with spacetime curvature."
         Bearden: http://mvw.cheniere.ora/techpapersNfsfon %202000%20paper.doc

  The scalar energy discovered in the vacuum of space is sometimes called "zero-point"
  energy. Thomas Valone explains how this term came about.


                             What does "Zero Point" mean?
      "Boyer traces the historical "creation of the vacuum" as proceeding in stages in
      parallel with the historical development of ideas about the vacuum. To
      paraphrase, he says that in the 17th century, it was thought that a totally empty
      volume of space could be created by simply removing all matter and, in
      particular, all gases. That was our first concept of the vacuum. Just get rid of all
      the gas.

      Late in the 19th century, it became apparent that the region still contained
      thermal radiation. But it seemed that the radiation might be eliminated by
      cooling. So the second concept of getting a real vacuum is to cool it down to zero
      temperature. Just go all the way to absolute zero. Then we've got a real vacuum.
      Right? Well, since then, both theory and experiment have shown that there is a
      non-thermal radiation in the vacuum and that it persists even if the
      temperature could be lowered to absolute zero. Therefore, it was simply called
      the "zero point" radiation."
      Thomas Valone http://www.seaspower.com/insideLeroPoint.htm


"For our very survival, it is absolutely imperative that informed citizens
be aware of this dramatic change, which is just now starting. The
powerful new science and engineering must be controlled and used for
humanity's benefit, not its detriment. Else it will eventually be let loose
unrestrainably, to destroy all life on earth - a possibility indicated by
Nikita Khrushchev in 1960." - Bearden
http://www.cheriiere.org'explore%2Oarticleslpriore 1/p4.ipg


2. Tapping the waves
Endless free energy, Tesla's radiant energy, the dipole as the gateway to the energy of the void, MEG in
one year, Bedini, Yakuza, etc. End of Oil, geopolitical chaos, rogue groups

                   Move Over G.E. & Big Oil, Energy is Everywhere!
                                         Third-world nations set to rise

          "Certain powerful interests did not wish the extended electromagnetics to be
          discovered or taught. That, after all, would lead to free energy and loss of
          economic control of the citizens. That was precisely why Nikola Tesla had
          already been suppressed ... Today it is still being suppressed by the orthodox
          establishment." http://www.cheniere.org/books/ferdelance/s25.htm

The vast seething ocean of energy of the vacuum, the longitudinal scalar EM waves of the
time domain, can now be tapped and "transduced" into ordinary (transverse) EM energy in
our 3-Space world. The process can be compared to putting a paddlewheel into a river. The
energy acquired is free, since the river is there flowing whether we tap it or not. And it is a
mighty river, and is not diminished by our paddlewheel.

This means that a permanent solution to the "energy crisis" is at hand, if only those who
hold it so secret would give it up to humankind.

It means our species' insane use of oil is no longer necessary. We can make automobiles that
need no fuel at all. We can build motors that power themselves. It means that unlimited
electrical power can be available for free anywhere in the world. Every house and even
shack can have its own power supply.

Of course there is the cost of the equipment at first, but the energy flow is free for the
presumably very long life (no moving parts) of the generator. It will probably take decades
to shift over to scalar power.

But the ability to tap the scalar (longitudinal) EM waves of the vacuum (which exists
everywhere) also means that unbelievably powerful weapons can be, and already have
been developed. In fact these weapons are so dangerous that the fear engendered becomes
a psychological obstacle to the grasping of the facts.

I struggled with this myself for months, and even though Tom Bearden had completely
convinced me already, it is hard to accept the fact that for everyone on earth the "worst that
might happen" has suddenly gotten much worse. It takes time to deal with that, to realize it
and get over it.

Indeed, the possibilities of these new weapons, which are tapping the huge energies of
time, are so terrifying it is natural for the mind to simply say: "I don't want to hear about
that."

And the government, likewise, pretends these weapons do not exist and tries to keep it secret
from the people. Because most people would indeed be truly alarmed to know the actual
situation. Col. Tom Bearden has decided that the people need to know the truth anyway. As
a People on a Planet we must face this now, and ban the use of scalar weapons in war or
in mass mind control. The current deployment of these weapons is a world emergency
which we must all face.

The physics and mathematics of the longitudinal waves and the time domain are clearly
beyond the layman, but I recommend scanning through them anyway just to get a sense of
the wonder and the elegance of it all and some of the exotic terms which are used. Two of
the most important papers by Col. Bearden are:
                                 Giant Negentropy from the Common Dipole
                                      The Final Secret of Free Energy.

Despite the complexity of the science involved, Bearden sums up the essential secret of it
all in a few words.

          "There is no problem at all in extracting all the energy one wishes from the
          active vacuum, anywhere in the universe, at any time. Just make a dipole.
       The problem is in (1) catching some of that freely gushing EM energy in a
       circuit containing a load, and (2) dissipating the caught and collected EM
       energy in that load to power it, without using half the caught energy to
       destroy the source dipole(s).

       That is the ONLY real energy problem on the planet, and always has been."

       http://www.cheniere.org/correspondence/O22502.htm

A dipole could be a battery, which is polarized into negative and postive.Or the terminals of
a generator. Or any magnet with its two poles. Or an atom with its positive and negative
charges. Or the earth's magnetic field, the sun, and all heavenly bodies. Even a galaxy must
be some kind of mega-dipole. Wherever there is a dipole there is already immense scalar EM
energy ushering out of and back into the vacuum. And there have already been
demonstrated a number of diverse methods for tapping that energy as it flows. (John Bedini
Edwin Gray, Bruce de Palma, and others). Bearden provides what he calls a "partial list" on
his website.

       "In other words, nature then gladly gives us as much EM energy flow as we
       need, indefinitely —just for paying a tiny little bit initially to "make the little
       dipole." After that, we never have to pay anything again, and nature will
       happily keep on pouring out that 3-flow of EM energy for us. This is the giant
       negentropy mechanism I uncovered, performed in the simplest way
       imaginable: just make an ordinary little dipole." Bearden
       httpiIwww.cheniere.org'techpapers/Unnecessary%20Energy%2O risis.doc


                          How to Buy a Free Energy Machine
    Answer: Just wait one more year! 2003. Then get off the Grid!

    Perhaps the most eagerly awaited event now is the marketing of Bearden's
    Motionless Electromagnetic Generator (MEG) scheduled to begin in about a year's
    time. This is when the proof will hit the fan. Many people have said to me, when
    talking about free energy, "I'll believe it when I can go to the store and buy one."
    Hopefully in a year's time they will be able to order their own MEG. And then they
    will believe, because it works and is working.

    Says Bearden: "I will admit that the chief scientist of an important experimental
    group in a large company was rather stunned at the type of output we were able to
    obtain. The MEG may look like just a transformer, but it is not. It is a completely
    different breed of cat."
    Bearden: http://www.cheniere.org/correspondence/011202.htm

    Soon the cat will be fully out of the bag. The first MEG units will supply 2.5
    kilowatts of free electricity. Forever. Units can be connected together to double or
    triple the wattage. After that gets going, 10 kilowatt generators are planned. Energy
    will flow freely from the time domain indefinitely, and there are no moving parts to
    wear out. This manufacturing project is a heroic effort and will change the world as
    we know it. For once people are in possession of such devices there can be no
    further denial from anyone, including the government and/or "secret-government."


                      Tha MEG midi by JL Naudm
                            The Motionless Electromagnetic Generator
                             (Successfully replicated here by J. L. Naudin)
The physics of how the MEG works is explained in the paper "The Motionless
Electromagnetic Generator. Extracting Energy from a Permanent Magnet with
Energy Replenishment from the Active Vacuum."

The device was successfully replicated by J.L. Naudin in France, and others, like
Steve Utne, are also working on their own models. But Magnetic Energy
Limited's MEG is actually scheduled for production soon and looks to be the first
commercially available free-energy generator in history!

I imagine it will not take long for tinkerers to put them into their electric cars and
make the first fuelless automobiles since Tesla's unheralded (and unheeded)
experiments. Or for builders to begin building houses powered by MEG's. Houses
which will never see electric bills. How can they ever make enough of these to meet
the demand that will suddenly be there? Bearden is right, it needs to be an all-out
crash program of the government on the order of the Manhatten Project.

I must include here that Bearden is quick to point out that he is not himself the
inventor of the MEG, but is a partner and advisor in bringing it to the public
market through Magnetic Energy Limited, Inc. I must also admit that I am
praying for the success of this venture, and the ending of the absurd and criminal
withholding of this technology from the people by the black-ops military-industrial
people. This secrecy has cost the planet over 30 years of unnecessary pollution.

The first units off the assembly line, which is being setup in a "friendly" unnamed
nation, will usher the public at last into the new era of scalar electromagnetics.

As of December, 2001, the situation with the MEG was described by Bearden in a
letter.

       "What we presently have with the MEG is a successful laboratory
       experiment.At least a year's very hard research will have to be done
       before we will be ready to put a commercial power supply into
       production.

       "Consequently, we have made an agreement with a foreign partner
       (the National Materials Science Lab of the National Academy of
       Sciences of a friendly foreign nation) to do that year's research. At
       the same time, we are trying to make an agreement with one or more
       large financial partners here in the U.S."
       httpi/www.cheniere.org'correspondence/12 1901. htm

       "So we are hopeful that we will be able to start introducing units on
       the market about a year from now. Quite simply, we will either
       succeed or we will fail. But we will give it our very best effort."
       http:I/www.cheniere.org'correspondence/012202a.htm

Bearden has given another technical explanation of how the MEG works here in a
letter.


                           Free Energy has been Suppressed


                   Secret Government Aware of Free Energy

   "In this world of contemporary times, all the agencies, CIA, FBI, KGB,
   NSA, Electric Power Research Institute, DARPA, Brookings Institution,
   Henry Kissinger, Edward Teller, et al., all are aware of [free-energy
   researcher Bruce] DePalma and his ideas.

   "Because these individuals and institutions are employed by the ruling elite
   to forecast the future and satisfy present needs and demands, it is clear that
   free energy is a threat to the world order constructed by business and the
   mindset of those who want to own the world.

   "Free energy represents Man's aspirations and dreams of freedom and
   equality, uniform division of resources and the ability to choose one's own
   future.
        "The fact that free energy is suppressed speaks to the greed and
        self-interest of a ruling elite which, even in the face of an emergency of
        global starvation, resource depletion and environmental pollution, will not
        give one inch if it means loss of control. This is an attitude of paranoid
        delusion and fantasy which can only arise from the alienation of a class of
        elitists who, through their money, are completely insulated from the reality
        of the day to day fight for existence of the common man."
         http://depalma.pair.com/Absurdity/Absurdity07/ProblemOfFreeEnergv-html


Bearden describes one case of suppression when the Yakuza killed the Kawai engine in his
very presence in Huntsville, Alabama.

       "That night a jet arrived from Los Angeles, with a Yakuza on board. The next
       morning Kawai no longer controlled his company, his invention, or his own
       fate. The Kawai party was in fear and trembling. The Yakuza coldly dissolved
       the agreement, they packed up the two Kawai engines we had, and left. And
       that was that."

So it is not only governments who are keeping this revolutionary technology from seeing the
light of day. The Yakuza? KGB? The Aum Shinrikyo cult? Our "leaders" need to be honest
about what is going on, otherwise they look foolish, acting out a kind of "Alice In
Wonderland" script before the public, a script that has become completely unbelievable.

Concerning the criminal withholding of this scalar technology by the military black-budget
people, and the cover-up of the actual situation regarding scalar weapons thoughout the
world, Tom has this to say:

       "The high government officials of the United States of America grossly violated
       our constitution and their sworn oaths of office. Our constitution specifically
       charges the government of the United States to defend the people of the United
       States. That means our officials are specifically charged with defending our
       people. Yet they deliberately agreed not to do so, and they deliberately
       sacrificed us in advance.

       "They committed treason of the highest kind, by deliberately surrendering
       us to total destruction anytime the big balloon goes up."
       Bearden httpl/www.cheniere.org/books/ferdelance/s75.htm


                                    Energy Crisis Solved
One of the "must read" documents at Cheniere is The Unnecessary Energy Crisis: How to
Solve It Quickly, especially since the "oil wars," which Bearden has forseen for decades, have
now already begun.

                          Here are some clips from that document:
       "To avoid the impending collapse of the world economy and/or the destruction
       of civilization and the biosphere, we must quickly replace much of the
       "electrical energy from oil" heart of the crisis at great speed, and simultaneously
       replace a significant part of the "transportation using oil products" factor also.

       "The technical basis for that solution and part of the prototype technology
       required, are now at hand. We discuss that solution in this paper." Bearden

And although the solution to the energy problem and the oil wars may be at hand, Bearden
suggests there is still an urgent rush that needs to be made to save human civilation from
collapse.

       "Once the technology hardware solutions are ready for mass production, even
       with a massive worldwide deployment effort some five years are required to
       deploy the new systems sufficiently to contain the problem of world economic
       collapse. This means that, by the end of 2003, those hardware technology
       solutions must have been completed, and the production replacement power
       systems must be ready to roll off the assembly lines en masse.

       "The 2003 date appears to be the critical "point of no return" for the survival of
       civilization as we have known it.
          "Reaching that point, say, in 2005 will not solve the crisis in time, and the
          collapse of the world economy as well as the destruction of civilization and the
          biosphere will still almost certainly occur, even with the solutions in hand."

          "The good news is that we now know how to easily initiate continuous and
          powerful "electromagnetic winds" from the vacuum at will. Once initiated, each
          free EM energy wind flows continuously so long as the simple initiator is not
          deliberately destroyed."

   On page 9 he explains the concept of the dipole, and how there is already huge scalar energy
   flowing in the time domain around any dipole. Hold a magnet or a battery in your hand and
   you hold a stress in time and a beautiful flowing loop of longitudinal waves!

   Bearden decries the scientific community in the West for being unable to let go of their dogma
   long enough to see that the greatest discovery in human history lies at their feet, but for their
   stubborn ignorance.

          "The present energy crisis then is due totally to that "conspiracy of ignorance"
          we referred to, that is maintained by the scientific community, and that has
          been maintained by it for more than 100 years.

          "This is the real situation that the environmentalists must become aware of, if
          they are to see the correct path into which their energies and efforts should be
          directed —to solve both the energy crisis and the problem of gigantic pollution
          of the biosphere."

   As far as anyone in the legislative branch of government ever understanding the
   profundity of the discovery and engineering of scalar waves, Tom Bearden says they are
   at a great disadvantage in doing so.

          "The nontechnical person — e.g., a Senator or a Congressperson — is
          operating under a distinct disadvantage. If he or she takes the stance that much
          better electrical power systems can readily be achieved, he or she is in fact
          opposing almost the entire set of University, Government Technical, Power
          Company, Battery Company, and Organized Science communities. Further,
          in most cases his technical advisors are themselves from one or the other of
          those communities, and likely to go back into that community or those
          communities when the Senator or Congressperson leaves office, or even before.
          So the Congress and the non-technical government community at large operate
          at a great disadvantage...ae~Ta~n


                        National Emergency Declaration is Needed
          "The Government Non-Technical community (the Senate and the Congress, in
          particular) are in far better shape than the Government Technical community,
          to appreciate the world implications of the pending economic disaster. I am
          hopeful that both the environmentalists and the Government Non-Technical
          community will rapidly unite in a common goal to get this vacuum energy
          program launched, under a National Emergency declaration. If so, then they
          can solve the energy crisis and the pending economic crisis, in fairly short
          order, and permanently."
          unnecessary energy crisis.htm#congress disadvantage


In the conclusion of his paper The Unnecessary Energy Crisis: How to Solve It Quickly Bearden
again states the urgency of replacing our centralized power grids with with highly dispersed and local
taps on the freely flowing energy of the active vacuum. Given the abilities of the Tesla howitzers, the
power grids of all nations are sitting ducks.

"Personally, the present author regards the increasing energy crisis as the greatest strategic threat
to the United States in its entire history. I will do anything within my power to help prevent what I
perceive to be the looming economic collapse of the Western world, preceded or accompanied by a
sudden, explosive, all-out and continuing exchange of the WMD arsenals of most of the world.

...In the name of all humanity, let us begin! Else by the time this first decade of the new
millennium ends, much of humanity may not remain to see the second decade."
3. Weaponization
Scalar interferometry, Tesla howitzer, Tesla dome, heat/cold, dudding, 10 nations have them, dead-man fuzing &
Insane Systems, scalar strategy, earthquakes and weather wars, solar storms, mind attacks, leased to Yakuza, many
examples of testing, quantum potential weapons.

       "Indeed, Soviet energetics weapons are now capable of destroying both
       our triad shield, our homeland, our armed forces in the field, and our
       population, quickly and efficiently. We have a new "gap" of monumental
       proportions: not a missile gap, not a submarine or bomber gap, and not
       even a particle beam or laser gap. We have a scalar electromagnetics or
       electrogravitation gap." Bearden http:/%www.cheniere.org/books/ferdelaneciintro.htm

       "We have a new weapon, just within the portfolio of our scientists, so to
       speak, which is so powerful that, if unrestrainedly used, it could wipe out
       all life on earth. It is a fantastic weapon." Khrushchev, to the Presidium, Jan. 1960

       "We've totally missed the most incredible "secret superweapons" development program
       of all times, and the worldwide testing of the weapons themselves.

       "Hiroshima and Nagasaki should serve as object lessons in the price of ignorance of
       such technological breakthroughs.

       "History does repeat itself. But this time it's not we Americans who got the great new
       superweapon first."

       Bearden http://www.cheniere.org/booksJferdelance/s75.htm

Warfare has been changed forever by the development of these scalar energy longitudinal wave
howitzers. To get a basic understanding of scalar waves is to have the imagination suddenly run wild
as all the implications and possibilities regarding warfare fall into place. One realizes with a certain
horror that the world has totally changed, and that there are some very fearsome possibilities.
Remember, the power for these weapons comes from the time domain, longitudinal EM waves in the
vacuum of empty space, and the power is tremendous and mind-boggling. And the destructive power
of these weapons is delivered instantaneously to the target from the local vacuum at the place of the
target.


             From an interview:

             Questioner. "Are you saying that real energy can be transmitted faster than the speed of
             light?"

             Bearden: "Yes. But hypen;patially. Not through 3-space, but "around" it. Again, this
             means that it's possible to produce energetic changes in a distant system at a distant
             place, without transmitting energy "through space" in the normal sense. You transmit
             "around" space, so to speak, and directly in time or through a higher dimension,
             depending on the model you're using to understand this. Further, the speed of the
             internal EM energy transmission is not limited to the speed of light."
             httpi/twm.co.nz/beard mterview.htm

                           Here are some initial considerations about
                                scalar weapons and scalar wars
   1. "Tesla                                                                           ~5. Russian
                           2. Tesla Domes 3. Rowe groups               4. WW III
   Howitzer                                                                             UFOs?"

                                   1. The Tesla Howitzer
                                  and its modes of action
                         Source: Tom Bearden's weapons slides and Fer-dc-Lance Briefing

    For one thing there is no delivery of any thing to any place. Bombs are obselete. So are the
    planes to get them there. No helicopters necessary. All current nuclear devices are rendered
    nearly useless by electronic "dudding." All distant-destruction can be done from a control
    room, and to any point on earth. The destructive power of "men" has just increased by orders
    of magnitude. The new weapons could even cause storms on the sun! Thus there is great
    urgency to make these new facts public and known, with the hope that all nations would
    come together to ban the use of scalar weapons.
Two scalar antennae together along with the computers to control them, make up a scalar
interferometer, and according to Col. Bearden the Russians have hundreds of such
installations already. These interferometers are called "Testa Howitzers." They can deliver a
giant blast of energy to the distant target site, true "action-at-a-distance".

The first howitzer mode is called the "exothermic" mode of operation because immense EM
energy blasts outward at the target site. The blast of a scalar howitzer can be of near nuclear
level in destructiveness, and can be repeated easily, at that place, or nearby, or anywhere.

The howitzer can use a lesser exothermic power setting and simply destroy all electronics in
the target area. Thus they can render our nuclear missiles inoperable as they sit in their silos
by "frying" the electronic circuits that guide them. They can bring down any airplane,
anywhere in the world, at any time. Any person anywhere, if their exact position is known,
can be assassinated without a shot being fired.

The howitzers can also bring down power grids anywhere in the world, at any time. Thus
they could bring Wall Street to an instant halt by disabling all its electronics. Even this one
little easy tweak of the howitzer could cripple the U.S. economy in a single day. No wonder
the "leaders" don't want you to know! This is a new era we are in. The discovery and
development of scalar interferometry has put us in a new world, whether we like it or not.
Anyone could be expected to go into denial, the befuddled senators and congressmen
included. But we have to wake up.

In a second howitzer mode called the "endothermic" mode, the howitzer sucks energy out
of the target area, essentially creating a blast of cold at the distant target. It is even capable of
freezing parts of the ocean. Bearden gives a number of cases where these "cold explosions"
have been witnessed, mostly by airline pilots.(April 9, 1984: 1 2 3 ) A huge mushroom
cloud of mostly water is seen rising miles into the sky from out of the ocean, an awesome
sight.

In the endothermic mode the sucked-out energy must go somewhere, so it is vented out at
some other chosen spot on the earth. These endothermic plumes have been photographed by
sattelite.


     'The exhaust in the left picture is about 150 miles long, and nearly horizontal (about 1.5
                                                                 is


     degrees above the horizontal). It is entirely consistent with the continuous exhaust from a
     "dumping transfer" scalar EM howitzer in the continuous exothermic mode. (The primary
     howitzer, of course, was activated in the endothermic mode.)" Bearden More Plumes

By using both of these heat (exothermic) and cold (endothermic) modes together the weather
can be altered anywhere. Warm the air over here, cool it down over there, put a curl in the
jetstream, dissipate clouds, create clouds, whip up a tornado. Bearden speaks about using the
endothermic howitzer mode as a weapon of war.

       "Cold explosions can be used to freeze tanks, personnel, and equipment. The
       equipment and tanks thaw out. The personnel thaw out too, but they are dead
       when they do." Bearden. Fer-de-I,ancc

(This endothermic mode of the howitzers makes me think that there might one day be a cure
for the problem of global warming after all. Could not a big device, situated in space or on
the moon, be able to vent a great deal of excess heat outside the atmosphere into space, thus
functioning as a kind of planetary thermostat?)

While the United States has experimented with electomagnetic weapons using ordinary
transverse EM waves, the longitudinal [LW] weaponized waves are truly of another order
altogether.

For one thing they do not have to travel through space, for they come from the time domain,
which is everywhere. The energy of the blast, the heat or light or whatever, comes from the
vacuum of space at the location of the target itself. This is astonishing. The weapons
actually just trigger the release of immense energy from the vacuum at the target location.

       "... it is possible to focus the potential for the effects of a weapon through
       spacetime itself, in a manner so that mass and energy do not "travel through
       space" from the transmitter to the target at all. Instead, ripples and patterns in
       the fabric of spacetime itself are manipulated to meet and interfere in and at
       the local spacetime of some distant target. There interference of these ripple
       patterns creates the desired energetic effect (hence the term energetics)
       directly in and through the target itself, emerging from the very spacetime
       (vacuum) in which the target is imbedded at its distant location." Bearden
       Fer-de-Lance

The big Tesla howitzers are aimed at their targets by using a worldwide electromagnetic
pattern called the "Woodpecker Grid," begun by the Russians in 1976.


You can hear the Woodpecker signal here: http://www.cheniere.org/misc/woodpeckersound.htm

The woodpecker grid is just that, a grid of EM waves which provide to provide a channel for
the LW waves to any point on earth. Computers use the woodpecker grid information to
hone down the aiming of the howitzers to a pinpoint location on earth. (For that matter, it
could be under the earth, in space, or under the sea).

A third howitzer mode is what Col. Bearden calls "Mindsnapper" mode. This is a truly
frightening mode which affects the electromagnetic mind-body connection. Being
mind-snapped at a low level would cause you to lose consciousness. Being mind-snapped at
a slightly higher power would "entrain" all minds in the target area into a kind of hypnogogic
trance, a state in which they would all be highly susceptible to suggestions and orders.

Being mind-snapped at high level would so disrupt the mind-body connection that everyone
in the target area would fall down, instantly dead. Not only that, everything around you and
inside you would be killed, so that your sterilized body would not rot for quite a long time.

The Mindsnapper can be used for a small area, or to kill an entire population. In fact,
using the scalar waves to affect the human mind has become a new field in its own right, and
has been dubbed "psvchoenergetics." (This is discussed below in section 5).

Bearden describes the use of the howitzer in mind-snapping mode against people, to cause
unconsciousness or death:
       "From a military viewpoint, these scalar EM weapons are really quite
       all-around weapons.

       "For example, they are very lethal against personnel.

       "Set in the "high intensity pulse mode," one blast and a person's nervous
       system is destroyed instantly. Total, instantaneous death results. One can blast
       away at entire groups of infantrymen,for example. It's the peak power that's
       important, not the average power. So the weapon doesn't require too much
       battery power.
       "Set on a lower intensity pulse mode, one zap can simply knock out a person,
       rendering him instantly unconscious. Quite useful if one needs prisoners to
       interrogate. Also very silent, which is useful in operations employing stealth
       and Surprise." Bearden http/!www.cheniereorgxoksJferdeIance/s8Ohtm

       "Those hit by the scalar EM weapon, however, have a most peculiar death
       mode.

       "Death comes-instantly and totally. There is no convulsion, no response. The
       entire nervous system is destroyed instantly. Every living cell in the body is
       killed instantly, including all bacteria, germs, etc.

       "A body hit with this thing falls like a limp rag and lies where it falls. It doesn't
       decay in even 30-45 days. In a macabre fashion, it's been reduced to something
       like food irradiated with nuclear radiation; everything is killed, so the material
       is preserved for an extended period before any decay can set in."
       Bearden http://www.chenierc.org/books/ferdelance%s8l.htm

He goes on to say that the same "bazooka-sized scalar EM pulse weapon" can also be used to
knock out a tank with one shot (or pulse). So tank warfare is obsolete. Helicopters? Bearden
points out: "... if he's attacked by a helicopter or a fixed-wing aircraft, he can bring the same
weapon to bear on it. He can knock down a chopper or a jet. With one shot."


                                   Obituary for Tank Warfare
                           Tanks useless against portable LW weapons

     "For example, suppose one attacks a tank. [with an LW weapon]
     With scalar EM pulse, the personnel die instantly. Total personnel kill is
     achieved.
     All electronic systems of the tank are dudded. Total systems kill is achieved.
     The ammunition in the tank explodes. Total kill is achieved.
     The fuel explodes. This is another total kill mechanism.
     That tank has been killed totally, by a variety of mechanisms, all simultaneously.
     That's a k-kill in any analyst's book.
     And don't worry about retrieval and repair. That tank is finished permanently.
     Even the most modern tank is just as vulnerable as the most obsolete."
      Bearden http://www.cheniere.org(books/ferdelance/s88.htm


One begins to get the idea how profoundly the conventional means of warfare have been
obsoleted. All the usual weapons of war have been rendered nearly useless! Star Trek's
"Phaser," with its "stun" and "kill" modes is here at last!

Although it is the weapons aspect of scalar electromagnetic which has received the most
developmental effort, Bearden points out that a great many other amazing things that may be
accomplished in this new field of science. Beam me up Scotty!

       "Superluminal communications systems, hyperspace drive, and materialization
       and dematerialization are all hypothetically possible, using scalar
       electromagnetics. As the technology develops, we should see the development
       of many of the systems long thought impossible except in science- fiction."

       Bearden http:'/www.cheniere.org/books/ferdelance/s15.htm

Bearden describes a huge test of the Russian scalar weapons systems which occurred in
1985, a test that went completely unnoticed by western scientists:
       "Just before May 1, 1985 the Soviet Union performed a "full-up" operational test of their
       entire strategic scalar EM weapons complex. This test was detected and monitored
       periodically by Frank Golden. Some 27 of these giant Soviet "power taps" were locked
       into the molten core of the earth, producing forced (entrained) scalar resonance of the
       entire planet on 54 controlled frequencies under our very feet. The remainder of the
       scalar frequency spectrum was ablaze with literally hundreds of Soviet scalar transmitters:
       probably the entire strategic scalar command and control system to underwater
       submarines, higher command centers, distant commands, etc. was activated in the giant
       exercise.

       "For several days, the system was exercised on a mind-boggling scale, apparently as part
       of the Soviet Union's highly accentuated 40th anniversary celebration of the end of World
       War II.
       "Ironically, not a single U.S. intelligence agency, laboratory, or scientist detected this
       monstrous exercise for the new Soviet leader, Gorbachev. Not a one of them had a
       detector for scalar EM radiation, and not a one of them officially believes the exercise
       ever happened."
       Bearden http://www.cheniere.org/books/ferdelance/s38.htm
       "The Woodpecker grid/howitzer weapon system can be placed over the ocean and used
       against cruise missiles, naval surface-to-air and surface-to-surface missiles,
       submarine-launched ballistic and cruise missiles, etc. Placed over a carrier task force, it
       can also take care of the aircraft launched by the carver as fast as they are launched. It
       can also handily take care of the missiles launched by guided-missile cruisers of the
       accompanying task force."
       (Bearden http://www.cheniere.org/books1ferdelancefs65.htm)

The whole series of the Fer-de-Lance briefing slides and comments is a "must read" for
anyone wanting to be aware of the actual state of things in this world right now. It is a new
world and it takes some getting used to. Fer-de-Lance speaks clearly, for the layman, of the
way things stand.

What is it like to operate these Tesla Howitzers? Col. Bearden gives us an idea in his
"Fer-de-Lance" briefing, Slides 66-71.

Who needs armies anymore? A entire war can be fought and won by a handful of men sitting
in a comfortable control booth! The scalar electromagnetics revolution has made all previous
forms of warfare nearly obsolete.

           Why haven't the Russians used the scalar weapons yet?
Bearden gives his thoughts on this in "Fer-de-Lance." The power of these weapons is so great
that an accident or war could wipe out all life on earth, and even affect the sun.

       "As can be appreciated, this entire concept [MAD] is now totally obsoleted by
       the Soviet possession of scalar EM weapons.

       The "mutual assured destruction" capability — or MAD concept as it was so
       aptly named! — is no longer mutual. And for two reasons: (1) the Soviet
       surprise attack could destroy essentially all our Triad forces wherever they are,
       in the first attack. (2) Even if a very small number of our strategic forces
       survive, the puny strike we could attempt to launch could be repeatedly
       decimated from launch to terminal phase.

      The restraint on the Soviets is not because of our Triad forces. The restraint is
      twofold: (1) a second nation has scalar EM weapons, and would undoubtedly
      unleash them upon the Soviet Union with great violence if such a massive
      world-wide destruction of U.S. forces occurred or was threatened (is it really
      "accidental" that six major Soviet missile ammunition storage sites
      mysteriously exploded within seven months?); (2) the closed-loop scalar
      radiation exchange system of Earth-Sun could be inadvertently
      "tweaked" in the feedback loop from Earth to Sun, so that a large solar scalar
      resonance was stimulated. In that case the Sun could emit a mighty resonant
      "burp" that would simply wipe out all life on Earth in a fiery shower.

      The "terror" in the "balance of terror" between nations has just increased by
      many, many orders of magnitude.

      The biblical prophecy that the Earth will be wiped out by "fire and brimstone
      from heaven" is very near fulfillment now.

      'Put another way, the pucker factor — even on the Russians who may
      contemplate unleashing Armageddon — is higher than any Western strategic
      analyst has ever imagined, even in his wildest nightmares.

      Truly these weapons are "more frightening than the mind of man has
      imagined," as Brezhnev put it in 1975.

      The frightening scalar EM weapons can be used, but only very, very gingerly
      indeed. If a slight mistake is made, everybody loses everything."
       Bearden http://www.cheniere.org/books/fcrdelance/s74.htm

But the Russians (KGB) are not the worst of it. Bearden claims that some of the scalar
weapons have been leased to the Yakuza for about a billion a year, and that only the KGB is
holding the Yakuza in check from making a full-scale all out scalar attack on the west.


                  U.S. Defense Secretary William Cohen
            Warns about eco-terrorism using scalar electromagnetic weapons

                 "Others [terrorists] are engaging even in an eco-type of
                 terrorism whereby they can alter the climate, set off
                 earthquakes, volcanoes remotely through the use of
                 electromagnetic waves... So there are plenty of ingenious
                 minds out there that are at work finding ways in which they
                 can wreak terror upon other nations...It's real, and that's the
                 reason why we have to intensifour [counterterrorism] efforts."
                 - Defense Secretary William Cohen, 1997

        In a letter to a writer named "Russell" Bearden says,

        "In short, Russell, the Secretary of Defense of the United States confirmed
        that there are indeed novel kinds of EM weapons, right now and have been
        for some time, which have been and are being used to (1) initiate
        earthquakes, (2) engineer the weather and climate, and (3) initiate the
        eruption of volcanoes. We wrote about those exact uses of the weaponry
        decades ago. Several nations now have such weapons. Three of them (two
        on one side and the other on a hostile side) are even firing practice shots
        into Western Australia, as a convenient test range."
         httpJ/www.earthchangesty.com/ufo/0209gandor.hlm


                             Tesla Howitzers in Weather mode

                                     How to Make Weather
      "Engineering the weather is duck soup; they tested that over the U.S. in 1967,
      and entered upon continuing operations over North America on July 4, 1976 as a
      grim kind of KGB "Bicentennial Gift" to the United States.Here's how it is done
      with several interferometers.

      "First, the interferometers can deliberately make "high pressure areas" (cool the
      air so it shrinks and its "footprint" pressure on the ground increases because its
      density increases) and "low pressure areas" (heat the air so that expands and its
      "footprint" pressure on the ground decreases because its density decreases).
      Well, if one makes the highs and lows where one wishes them, and judiciously
      and somewhat slowly moves them along a given path, these highs and lows will
      entrain the jet streams and thus "steer" the weather.

      "So if you wish a very cold snap or attack, go up into Canada and start these
      actions to steer down some streams that bring some very frigid air. Establish
      other highs and lows judiciously to "block" or "slow" other jet streams and flows
      as desired. In this way, one can pull the "large cold air masses coming down
      from Canada" deep into the southern U.S. at will. They do it regularly.If you
      wish an ice storm, add an additional current of warm moist air you bring up
      (steer up by using artificial highs and lows) from the ocean. Where they meet,
      you will get freezing rain, then sleet, then severe icing accumulating. This type of
      attack does rather large damage to the struck area."
      http://www.earthchangestv.com/ufo/O209gandor htm


      Whole websites have now sprung up showing weather radar anomolies which
      may well be indications of scalar weather engineering. One list of over 500
      images is here. Cheniere has its own collection    .

      In another section at Cheniere are many photos of cloud anomolies which reveal
      the underlying grid along which the clouds are forming or un-forming. Bearden
      relates a startling incident in these ongoing "weather wars."
         "During the spring of 1986, abnormally strong Soviet weather
         engineering occurred over the U. S., causing a drastic drought in
         the southeastern U.S. This drought was broken by a colleague
         who used an extremely powerful scalar EM device to redirect
         jetstreams. A most unusual and unique signature of the "blocking"
         against the Soviet scalar EM actions resulted: Two huge
         circulations developed in the atmosphere, clearly showed as two
         adjacent giant "holes" in the swirling cloud cover over the middle
         and eastern U.S.

         "Between these two giant holes, the cloud circulations formed a
         stream of clouds, moving to the south, looking very: much like a
         giant vertical "bar" of a huge "Y-shaped" cloud flow.* Several
         national weathermen commented on this unusual pattern, which
         had not been observed before. The pattern continued, day after
         day, as the blocking continued."

         * on the weather maps.
         htpJ/www.cherüereor     cokiana1ysiz/histoiy.htm


                     Tesla Howitzers in Earthquake mode

                           How to Make an Earthquake
"Here's how you initiate a very large earthquake with such weapons. Take a
convenient fault zone of set of them.Focus the interferometry on the fault zone, in
the "diverging" mode, and deposit EM energy there in the rocks on both sides,
increasing (slowly) the stress in the rocks by the reverse piezoelectric effect
(deposit excess energy, get crystal mechanical movements).

"Do it slowly, and the stress will build up to large pressures well-above a plate
slip minimum energy required. At some point, the rocks yield and one or both
sides "slip" and move rather sharply, giving a very large earthquake in that zone.

"Do the same thing down in the earth (remember, LWs easily penetrate right
through the earth and ocean at will, and so the "interference zone" focus can be
inside the earth or beneath the ocean, at will.

"Anyway, focus this thing down to where the active part of the volcano is still
slumbering, down where the hole in the plate has been made. Keep increasing
the deposition of energy in the magma itself, and eventually the increasing
pressure from deep within that volcano, underground, will cause an eruption.
Build the energy slow, and the eruption will likely be much larger."
http://www.earthchangestv.com/ufo/O209gandor.hlm

Yugoslav Earthquake. Followed by Cold Explosion
Strange Characteristics of Iran Quake, Sep. 1978

               Testa Howitzers in Tesla's "Big Eye" mode

                      How to make a Big Eye in the Sky
  By using longitudinal wave interferometry in a weakly endothermic mode a
  new kind of "radar" is now possible, one which can look right through the
i earth and oceans. Because the endothermic mode extracts energy from the
  distant target, a pattern of the target area can be scanned for in the returned
  energy.

 "Thus the receiver produces a representation of the energy extracted from
 various locations within the distant endothermic zone. By displaying the
 received signals on an appropriately scanned screen, a representation of the
 distant scene in the intersection zone can be created. Indeed this is a special
 kind of "microwave interferometry," and — with modern techniques -- the
 imagery obtained might be surprisingly good. With development, it might even
 become as good as the image presently obtained by side-looking acquisition
 radars.

 "Interestingly enough, since scalar EM beams will easily penetrate the earth or
 the ocean, one can also look beneath the earth or beneath the ocean with this
 type of scanning scalar interferometer.

 "The importance of this capability to strategic and tactical reconnaissance is
 obvious. Camouflage, cover, and concealment have no effect on such a system.
 One can easily look inside buildings and into underground facilities. With a
 small system such as this, the U.S. Marines at Khe Sahn would have had little
 difficulty locating the tunnels continually dug under the perimeter by the Viet
 Cong. And targets under jungle canopies are directly visible."

 Bearden httpi/www.cheniere.orglbooks/ferdelance/s42.han

              Tesla Howitzers can destroy all life on earth

             How to Make a Storm on the Sun!!
               (Just make a big mistake with your Tesla howitzers)

The deepest dangers of the use of scalar weapons are frighteningly pointed out
by Bearden here where he considers that the sun, earth and moon (actually the
whole solar system) is a delicately balanced arrangement of scalar (longitudinal)
EM radiation. There is a scalar connection between the earth and the sun. Big
scalar events on the earth could alter this balance causing true catastrophe.

"Indeed, a solar response could be stimulated so that the Sun would violently
belch and destroy our biosphere, among other effects."

Unrestrained scalar warfare could cause huge solar storms? To realize that
human activity could actually affect the sun itself is truly mind boggling.

Bearden goes on to say:

       "Accordingly, use of huge scalar EM weapons is a double-edged
       sword. Unless carefully employed, use of the weapons could cause
       a terrible backlash to the user as well as the victim, and even
       accidentally cause the destruction of the earth itself. It is not
       accidental that in 1960 Khrushchev stated that his new fantastic
       weapon could — if unrestrainedly used — destroy all life on earth.

       "This appalling backlash potential is apparently what prompted
       Brezhnev in 1975 to make so strong an effort to get agreement to
       outlaw the development of "new weapons of mass destruction"
       more frightful than the mind of man had even dreamed of.
       Gromyko even introduced such a draft agreement into the
       proceedings of the United Nations. The first article of the draft
       agreement indicated that the nature of the weapons referred to
       would be negotiated. Sadly, the entire Western world did not even
       know what the Russians were talking about."

       http://www.cheniere.org/booksiferde1ance/s24.htm


                    2. Tesla domes provide
                  near-perfect defense shield.
                                        (Slide from Cheniere.org)

The Tesla howitzers can be used in a nearly impregnable defensive mode whereby they throw up a
dome (Tesla Dome) or a sphere (Tesla Globe) of highly powerful electromagnetic energy, enough
to "dud" or destroy misiles which try to penetrate them. KGB tests of these domes have been
witnessed by airline pilots around the world. Bearden gives many examples of the Tesla domes
being sighted around the world in his briefing paper "Fer-de-Lance." (Russian dome test, another
globe incident, yet another globe test). These giant electromagnetic domes can be hundreds of miles
across, or narrowed down more to total impermeability.

       "Such a shell may be several hundred miles in diameter at the base. The enormous
       energy required to form such a defense shell is obtained by a "scalar power tap" into
       the molten core of the earth itself, as previously explained. In late April/early May of
       1985, 27 such "power taps" were placed in the earth by the Soviets. If each tap is
       capable of powering four to six large scalar EM weapons, then the Soviet strategic
       scalar EM arsenal contains over 100 monstrous superweapons capable of
       generating exothermic explosions, endothermic explosions, engineering the weather,
       locating and destroying underwater submarines, detecting and destroying ballistic
       missiles shortly after launch, detecting and destroying long range strategic bombers as
       soon as they are airborne, etc." http:!'www.cheniere.erg'books/ferdelance/s52.htm

By using nested domes one can protect the domed area even against nuclear radiation itself. Tesla
globes can be used to hit airborn targets by simply placing a globe of any chosen size in the flight
path of the incoming missile. It does double duty because the missile hits it going in, and then the
rubble hits it again going out the other side.

While the U.S. persists in its useless boondoggle "missile defense system" by shooting a missile with
a missile (missiles which would already have been "dudded" by the Tesla howitzers), between the
domes and the globes the Russians (KGB) have in hand (operational) a nearly perfect missile
defense system. Someone should ask the Secretary of Defense if the U.S. Tesla domes are in place.
And over which cities? How powerful are our American Tesla domes?

Bearden cites a number of examples of these domes being tested around the world:
March 20, 1969 I March 24, 1977 I August 17, 1980 I June 17, 1966 I June 18, 1982 June 22, 1976

In a slide from the Fer-de-Lance briefing it is shown how the "woodpecker grid" itself also acts as a
sensor, detecting any missile launch anywhere, and how the howitzers can respond instantly by
delivering a blast to exactly the right coordinates, right along the channels of that same grid which is
feeding the location information about the missile launch. This certainly beats "trying to hit a bullet
with a bullet." Especially since YOUR bullet would probably be instantly inoperable in a real war
situation.

                   3. Rogue Groups in the government
Bearden fears that these scalar electromagnetic secrets may have fallen into the hands of what he
called secret "rogue groups" within the laberinthine depths of the black-ops special-access domain
of the secret government. "In the extreme, such a deep black program can even become a "captured"
program," he says, "which is totally in the hands of rogues and no longer reports to or is bound by
the dictates of the parent government."

       "They have their own agendas. And being rogue groups, they may well bring in
       unethical, immoral tricks: assassination, bribery, entrapment, disinformation,
       plausible deniability, etc. A certain percentage of a highly secret rogue group will wind
       up using all these things and more. It's a human characteristic, the old primate
       dominance game. Only now disguised and hidden under deep classification. ...

       "In highly classified groups, these groups are greatly enabled to joust more widely,
       unethically, and immorally because it is so deeply hidden. So very deep classification
       evokes the growth and intensity of rogue groups. It's the old 'Power corrupts, and
       absolute power corrupts absolutely' routine. ... Due to loose formation of rogue groups
       inside such programs, they may have dual or triple purposes, may not operate under
       very much legitimate government control at all, and may operate specifically for the
       purposes of the rogue group or groups that have gained control."

       "The involvement of at least some rogue groups, some being "cowboys" who operate
       well outside all laws and ethics, could also result in such things as assassinations,
       clandestine testing on individuals without their consent, etc. In short, it could account
       for what seems to be actually occurring."
       htt~/;'www-.cheniere. o~erplore°~o20articleslmind°.a 20control3!~0S_hUn


                       4. World War III has already begun
Because it is now possible to cripple the power grids and electronics of any nation, that nation could
be reduced to economic ruin without ever firing an actual "shot." Without electricity Wall Street
cannot operate. Without electricity you quickly need martial law. One no longer needs to wage a
conventional war anymore at all. There are now lots of new ways to bring any nation to its knees.

       "We are at war, whether we like it or not. And we are going to have strategic strikes
       on an unparalleled scale for us. Pearl Harbor was nothing compared to what is coming
       down, once we consider the "augmentation" and such.

       "When that factor is considered, then it's a totally new ball game on replacing the
       power system. There isn't going to be much choice; the old one is going to be
       destroyed or so badly crippled that it will collapse the U.S. economy in a way we
       have not seen since 1929. Of course, in such a case hitting us, we will be under
       martial law, the works, everywhere. For one thing, it's the only way you can keep the
       cities from imploding from within, by the criminal element, looting, robbing, killing,
       etc. Simply wait and see; it's on the way."

Although Bearden has for years decried the "scalar-gap," and chided the military for falling so far
behind the Russian KGB in the field of scalar electromagnetics, recent statements indicate that
things may at last have changed somewhat.

       "In the new war, the first phase of WW III has already been completed. Hence
       President Bush's recognition that this is a total war, and has to be taken to the enemy
       no matter where he may be hiding or in what sanctuary or in what foreign nation. This
       is an entirely different war than anything the U.S. has ever fought in its history. And
       before it is over, it is going to kill more Americans than have died in all the previous
       wars in our history. The news media and the public have not yet recognized that
       awful situation and predicament. Most are already thinking that, well, we won in
       Afghanistan so it's just about over. Instead, it has only just begun.

       "Anyway, that's a brief uptake on some of the weapon situation today. Some 10
       nations or more now have LWIs, and five have the QPs. Pm still working on how
       many have the appalling negative EMP weapons, but would estimate 6 or 7 nations
       have them in one stage or the other, either deployed or in at least advanced
       development. And in my estimation, the Yakuza will have them within three to five
       years if they have to build them themselves, and quicker if they can buy them from the
       Russians, Chinese, or???" Bearden

When he was asked the question "Does the government listen to Tom Bearden?" Bearden said:
       "Let me speak carefully. I am very satisfied with how I've been listened to in the
       quarters where the rubber meets the road. The West is no longer defenseless, not by
       any means. Cannot amplify it further than that."
       htp,i;«ww. cheniere. org/correspondence!O21102a. htm


Bearden has briefed the government a number of times and the Cheniere website contains a great
number of his graphic military briefing slides.
                  5. Are the Russians making "UFOs?"
Scalar electromagnetics engineering opens the possibility of antigravity vehicles and "hyperspace
travel." In other words we can now make our own UFO's! Of such scalar-powered antigravity
vehicles, which have now become possible, Bearden has this to say:

       "We might expect to see such vehicles glowing. Their various surface features and mechanisms
       might appear to be glowing or revolving lights, etc.
       "They could exhibit incredible "aerodynamic performance," seemingly in the atmosphere.
       Actually they would not be moving "through" the atmosphere at all, but through a higher space
       outside each particle of atmosphere.
       'They could seem to materialize and dematerialize.
       'They could seem to plunge into the ocean or rise out of it.
       "They could even seem to operate under the ocean or inside the earth itself.
       "Such anomalous vehicle perfonnances have been seen all over the world, particularly since a few
       years after WWII.
       "It appears that one or more nations of Earth are operating such vehicles now in great secrecy. Our
       own "government" may even be one of these.
       "If so, it isn't our true "govemmentigovetnment." Instead, it's the "control group/government." It's
       government at the operational level, but at higher level it belongs to certain control groups who
       have penetrated our government's vitals and taken over all such projects."
       Bearden http://www.cheniere.org/books/ferdelance/slide32.htm

In an excellent article on her Earthfiles website, Linda Moulton Howe reports on the utter bafflement
of Norwegian scientists over mysterious lights appearing in the valley of Hessdalen, Norway.


She writes of the research there: "The results can be broken down into two groups: 95% are thermal
plasmas and 5% are unidentified solid objects. The plasmas emit long wave radio frequencies and
strangely, their temperatures do not vary with change in size or brightness." She quotes the scientists'
research summary:

       "1) most of the luminous phenomenon is a thermal plasma;
        2) the light-balls are not single objects but are constituted of many small components
       which are vibrating around a common barycenter,
        3) the light-balls are able to eject smaller light-balls;
        4) the light-balls change shape all the time;
        5) the luminosity increase of the light balls is due to the increase of the radiating area.
       But the cause, and the physical mechanism with which radiation is emitted, is
       currently unknown."

This would almost certainly seem to be another example of the testing of the scalar howitzers. It is
baffling because, as Bearden points out repeatedly, Western scientists have limited knowledge of the
scalar electromagnetic principles by which the howitzers operate. The Hessdalen scientists were
completely baffled as to where the energy of these plasma balls was coming from.
Ms. Howe interviews Massimo Teodorani, Ph.D., Astrophysicist, who released the report on the
2001 Hessdalen sightings. The scientist speaks of the baffling phenomon observed.

       "I don't know how it is possible that Nature is spontaneously able to do that. Anyway,
       we deduce that the plasma is trapped inside a sort of magnetic cage and the magnetic
       cage closes around the plasma and keeps it fixed in some way, prevents it from
       expanding. But where does it come from? We don't know."

By what we have been considering here, we can recognize the signatures of scalar electromagnetic
engineering. The energy for the plasma balls is coming from the vacuum of spacetime at the very
location of the balls themselves, triggered by scalar interferometers aimed through the woodpecker
grid.

These kind of balls can be used as marker beacons giving feedback for precision aiming of the
howitzers. The energy of the marker beacon can be read back into the computers giving precise
location information for pinpoint aiming. The target area can be very small, or widened out.

There is a little movie of one of the Hessdalen plasma balls here. It would seem to be a clear
documentation of a scalar howitzer marker-beacon. How many other current "UFO" sightings are
actually the witnessing of Tesla howitzer tests?

In fact there are a great many anomolous events of the past few decades which might very well be
explained by the Russian testing of their longitudinal electromagnetic weapons. It would seem that
the mysterious appearance of crop circles around the world could be accomplished by feeding a
mathematical graphic pattern into the computerized aiming software and change the very molecular
structure of the crops themselves. The stalks fall over from the localized effect of the longitudinal
waves. A plasma ball tracing patterns? Are they slyly sending a message and we are not getting it?


                   The "Cambridge Angel" - Made by Russian scalar plasma balls?

                               Also see: Interview with Tom Bearden
                        Attempt to Ban Energetics
                           Weapons Worldwide
               ■ On June 13, 1975, in a major speech Brezhnev urged the
                 United States to agree on a ban of research and
                 development of new kinds of weapons "more terrible than
                 anything the world has known."
               ■ On July 2, 1975 Brezhnev repeated his proposed ban on
                 development of frightful new weapons, to a group of U.S.
                 Senators.
               ■ In August 1975, Ponomarev called for a ban on frightful
                 new weapons of mass destruction.
               • On Sept. 23, 1975 Gromyko presented a draft treaty      -
                 agreement to the 30th Session of the UN General
                 Assembly, for banning development of frightful new
                 weapons.
               ■ No one had the foggiest notion what the Russians were
                 talkin_q about!
                                                                               ( 1 199616   A   (*1


                                               (Slide from Cheniere.org)


4. Healing powers of longitudinal waves
Healing via longitudinal waves, time reversal of cells (de-differentiation), Priore's machine, Bearden's
proposed "blanket" version, using the electric power grid for healing waves or for broadcasting disease
patterns. Scalar Biowar.


                                           The good news!
             "Any sort of disease whatsoever - physical or mental - will be rapidly
             curable, simply and cheaply. It will be possible to reverse aging and
             rejuvenate the person. It will be possible to regrow limbs and straighten
             misshapen spines - and directly remove the causes of mental diseases and
             cure them as well. Lifespan will be staggeringly increased, without 'old
             age's debilitation.' AIDS, cancer, leukemia, and genetic diseases will be
             completely conquered. The potential for a true golden era is upon us, for
             all humanity."
                                   Bearden- http://twm.co.nz/beard intervicw.htm


Proof of the healing powers of longitudinal waves from the vacuum is seen in the work of Antoine
Priore who produced longitudinal scalar waves using a gigantic tube filled with plasma.

        "The Priore team cured terminal tumors, trypanosomias, and other dread diseases
        in laboratory animals in France, in the 1960s and 1970s, under rigorous scientific
        protocols by eminent scientists. The Priore project was funded by the French
        Government to the tune of several millions of dollars (equivalent).
        http://www.e   iorepubcomIarticIesienergetics.htm1

        ". . . Priore's machines concretely demonstrated a nearly 100% cure of all kinds of
        terminal cancers and leukemias, in thousands of rigorous laboratory tests with
        animals. These results were shown to medical scientists as early as 1960."
        http:J.'www.cheniereorg/pnor&index.html

Bearden has stated that the longitudinal EM waves can have a healing effect because they always
come in pairs called "phase conjugate pairs" and one of the pair is time-reversed. This enables
engineering of the waves to "pump" the cells of the body (with waves from the time domain) and
actually time-reverse the cells back to a previous healthy condition. The scalar cure of cancer
does not involve killing the cancer cells but rather pumping them with time energy into a previous
condition. I know, this seems miraculous, and is it not?
                                                   This healing power in the longitudinal waves of
                                                   the time domain is a mind-boggling thing to
                                                   face. It took me months to get through it, and to
                                                   suffer the fact that the cure for cancer and
                                                   AIDS was right there, in this new scalar
                                                   electromagnetics technology, and that it has
                                                   been kept back from the people for so many
                                                   decades now.

                                                   Bearden has a great deal to say about the work
                                                   of Priore, who himself did not understand why
                                                   his machine worked. Priore did not know about
                                                   the longitudinal scalar waves of the time
                                                   domain. In fact, Tom Bearden has supplied, at
                                                   last, the missing explanation as to how that big
                                                   giant two-story glass tube consistently cured
                                                   cancer in animals.


         Priore and his giant plasma tube


         'The medical implications are enormous. By just reversing the damaged cells
         back to a previous physical state, this gives a physics mechanism for
         controlled cellular dedifferentiation, in biology terms. Physicians will
         time-reverse diseased, damaged or aged cells back to an earlier healthy
         condition, including all the cellular genetics. Normal cells are just reversed to a
         slightly younger condition."

         "We believe this mechanism explains the revolutionary but baffling
         electromagnetic cures achieved by a team of outstanding French scientists in
         the 1960s and early 70s, working with inventor Antoine Priore. In lab
         animals, cures were achieved for terminal tumors, infectious diseases such as
         trypanosomiasis, and atheriosclerosis. In addition, deliberately suppressed
         immune systems were dramatically restored.

         "We hypothesize that this is the long-sought mechanism of how the living body
         heals itself. In short, the body's cellular control system induces cellular
         reversal by weak time-domain pumping of the damaged cells and the
         affected area. The cellular regeneration system performs all healing of cellular
         damage in the body, the immune system heals nothing, not even its own
         damaged cells) .

         "For the first time medical science can develop as a science of healing rather
         than a science of intervention. And it will develop as a science of unlimited
         healing, since no pathogen can resist action by curved spacetime engines."
         Bearden

         http:"www.cheniere.org/tcchpapersiVision%202000%20paper.doc

                            See Priore's machine   See Slides of how it works.

Bearden has extended the Priore work, with the previously missing knowledge now in place, and
designed a revised system (for irradiating the body with longitudinal waves) which gets rid of
Priore's giant glass plasma tube and uses instead an antenna unit which surrounds the body.
He has also provided the missing explanation of how it works. There is an article from "Explore"
magazine, Part I and Part II.
          RETRORADIATION WITH EMITTED TW EM WAVES
                  Recorders 8 Broadband Amps                            Broadband Antenna Unit

                                                                              o     a = o
                                                                                   o = c
                                                                                  o c o
                                                                                     a =


                                                                            Recelvertransmltters
                                                                                            QT E mAPDE'4 '-
                                      ' —            '        `r ___--: Adjusting broadband signals
                                                                        bandwidth and amplification
                      Using an amplified replica of the body's own dense, broadband signal
                      complex to lr aiifMe ft. producing deeply.penetrating and precise
                      longitudinal 9twevs sets that pump cells and reverse cefular
                      disease and damage
                                               (Slide from Cheniere.org)

In fact, Bearden has presented to the U.S. goverment a plan to use a portable version of a scalar
healing blanket where wire channels in the blanket act as a scalar antenna, which can both send
and receive scalar electromagnetic waves. A two minute treatment of the waves is sufficient to
restore the body to its earlier healty condition. Thus even thousands could be treated easily and
quickly in a biowar mass attack situation.


         "To defend against things like anthrax attacks on our civilian population centers,
         we also have recommended to the U.S. Government the crash development of
         small, portable treatment machines—using similar "antiengine-forming" and
         cellular reversing "porthole technology". [See Figure 13 on previous page]. Such
         portable machines could be developed cheaply and quickly, and present
         government facilities could be used to massively attack the correlate database
         production problem.

         "The portable treatment units could be cranked out by the hundreds of
         thousands and flooded down through emergency response agencies such as the
         police forces, the National Guard, emergency hospitals, emergency response
         teams, etc." - Bearden

                                                         Portable Priore- Type
                                                         Treatment System

                                                               i              ConttOl
                                                                              Co    unit


                                          'I     1        Anlr»ee Aid             \~
                                               (Slide from Cheniere.org)

The Scalar Healing Blanket would fit into large large suitcase. It has three basic parts, the
longitudinal wave generator, a laptop computer, and the antenna-blanket. The plan was a stroke
of Bearden's genius, but unfortunately it fell on befuddled government ears. "Unfortunately, so
far the DOD [Dept. of Defense] doesn't even understand what the heck we're talking about!"

Article "Healing with Energy": http://www.oxplorepub.com/articles/energetics.html

        "We tried very hard in 1998 to call attention to the extreme national need for the
        most urgent possible development of a portable computer-controlled treatment
        device based on the experimentally proven Priore methodology, but extended to a
        much simpler and far more rapid method of treatment.

        "Quick development of this technology could lead to a suitcase size device, capable
        of treating a patient in less than one minute, and stopping the symptoms and
        disease progress cold, then reversing it. Three "less than a minute" treatments one
        week apart would be required for complete cure. As an added advantage, partial
        reversal of aging in older patients would also be accomplished as a bonus, in
        addition to time-reversing the damaged and diseased cells...

       "The method proposed to the DoD in 1998 used normal EM in a peculiar way to
       force the body itself to make its own time-polarized EM waves, and pump every
       part of its cells — including the genetics — in the time domain.

       "Quite simply, we are going to be struck this way (QP spreading the immune
       systems of the populace plus professional smallpox, anthrax, etc. BW attacks on
       our population centers) and by other means we've spoken of in other papers and
       briefings."
        Bearden http://www.cheniere.org/cornespondence/021401.htm


The Dark Side of the Force:
Creating and broadcasting Disease
Speaking of the scalar wave induction of disease by longitudinal wave patterns Bearden refers to
work by French scientist Kervran and Russian scientist Kaznachevev, who proved that any
disease could be transmitted electromagnetically.

       "It works this way: the Kaznacheyev experiments (and others) demonstrated that
       any cellular disease or disorder can be initiated into cells at a distance, by
       electromagnetic means (albeit unusual EM in nature). The decades of microwave
       radiation of the U.S. Embassy in Moscow, was an ongoing set of "stimuli" to ping
       the U.S. system and, by its response, ascertain how far along (or if it was "along")
       in its knowledge of such weapons.The radiation was responsible for many health
       changes in personnel and for the eventual deaths of three U.S. Ambassadors."
       Bearden http: vww.cheniere.orgicorrespondence/021702a.htm

In a letter he writes,

"Yes, the Kaznacheyev experiments were quite real; 15,000 or so in military research institutes in
Siberia. As with so many other novel areas investigated and developed by the Soviets, most U.S.
investigators just assumed normal EM, which is not what the Kaznacheyev experiments involved,
and not what was carrying disease induction patterns from one cell culture to another in rigorous
lab tests."


                             How to "Broadcast" Diseases
                                        Longitudinal EM Biowars

     Bearden explains how the new quantum potential weapons can be used to induce
     disease-at-a-distance in a population, or to "spread" the immune system so thin that a
     conventional bio-attack would be greatly potentiated. By "broadcasting" virtual
     disease patterns over a population, the immune system is so overloaded by the presence
     of the "shadow" diseases that its effectiveness is thinned out.

             "In short, alter the internal wavestructure, and one creates a curved
             spacetime 'engine' that acts on mass in any fashion one chooses to design
             — including initiate diseases . . . Now visualize one of these 'vacuum
             engines' or'spacetime curvature engines' that acts on mass to generate
             the exact effects produced by anthrax. (Or any other disease one
             wishes) . . . Call the virtual state of a disease engine the disease pattern in
             the "shadow" state, just prior to becoming observable. . . .

             "And the master cellular control system responds to "coming events that
             cast their shadows before". In short, it responds to the upper level of the
             "shadow state" of a disease, still in the virtual state! (Hey, virtual particles
             are real, virtual photons are real, virtual ST curvatures are real —just
             very fleeting, only for another to immediately arise). The exchange of
       virtual particles is known to generate all forces in physics anyway!   .   .   .


       "So the cellular control system responds to "shadow state" disease
       patterns. Enter a QP weapon application. Place a quantum potential
       weapon "area" on the United States, so that the entire populace is in it.
       The slowly introduce and bring up in the shadow state, the necrotizing
       fasciitis disease engine. At some point, the cellular control systems will
       react, and order the immune system into action. In other words, immune
       system resources will be committed against this "immediately coming"
       enemy. Bring it on up a little, but still just in the shadow state. Voila!
       Humans form a bell-shaped distribution curve. And even if the structure
       of the QP fluctuates a little, fluctuating a bit stronger and a bit weaker,
       etc. A few of those targeted bodies will now actually develop
       necrotizing fasciitis. So far, just like the U.S. Embassy targeting, except
       a different "carrier".

       "But now there is an exact signature that this is what is doing it, and not
       normal vector carriers of disease and contact or exposure infection. The
       few cases of necrotizing fasciitis that break out will be most puzzling.
       They will be randomly scattered across the entire nation, and so few that
       the vector carrier and contact or exposure explanation completely fails."

       "And that one happened, right here in the U.S., not so long ago. Check it
       out.

       "So carefully adjust the patterns for, say, 12 major terrible diseases, to
       that "adjusted and desired shadow state level". Now add all 12 patterns
       into the internal structure of the quantum potential. Now it has 12
       shadow state disease engines in it.

       "Place that one on a populace. The cellular control systems order the
       immune systems into action, and they now have to commit their finite
       resources to 12 different areas. This greatly thins the response an immune
       system can make to any one of those 12 disease patterns! In short, it
       "spreads" the capabilities of the immune system, which can be
       galvanized to great effort, but only can perform a small bit against each
       area.

       "Suppose one of those "galvanized" areas in the targeted populace's
       immune systems is anthrax. And suppose the bad guys now hit one or
       more of those cities with a professional anthrax attack. A former OTA
       study showed that a professional anthrax aerial spray attack against
       Washington D.C., dispensing 100 kilograms of anthrax spores in the
       spray, will account for 1 to 3 million casualties. And that's in an
       "unthinned" set of immune systems. In the "thinned" set, one can at
       least double or triple, and even up to five tunes, that estimate. So
       conservatively, now there would be from 2 to 6 million casualties. And
       even mild anthrax spray attacks in other "thinned" cities would also be
       amplified.

       "That one is being set up, or already set up, right now. There are other
       such "augmentation" setups also under way.

       "So the weapons alluded to by the SecDef in 1997 are already being
       employed. WW III has already begun, and our populace (and our
       scientific community) is blissfully unaware of it."

       http://www.cheniere.org/corresvondence/021702a.htm
Most of us can remember the strange outbreaks of the so-called "flesh eating disease." It
seemed to break out here and there randomly with no known cause. Bearden believes
this was a test of the newer quantum potential weapons which go even beyond the
capabilities of the Tesla howitzers.

       "The Kaznacheyev "disease induction by novel electrodynamics" work is
       also the basis for the spacetime curvature engines (not EM signals!)
       carried by quantum potential EM biological weapons for distant induction
       of diseases etc. into the population of an entire nation or area, such as the
            U.S.

            "This quantum potential disease induction weapon — capable of attacking
            an entire population of a nation or area — has been tested several times in
            the U.S. at very low levels, in the shadow state only (we explain shortly)
            and it has a most peculiar signature. E.g., one test used necrotizing
            fasciitis (flesh-rotting disease) engines.

            "The disease "engine" was deliberately kept down in the "shadow state"
            (virtual state, just below the observable state) so that only a tiny bit of the
            populace with depressed thresholds would "breach the observable
            threshold" due to the population forming a bell-shaped curve as to the
            threshold level. The major signature of the test was that the cases of the
            disease broke out totally statistically and randomly, spread all over,
            without any "disease vector" in between.

            "In short, it was not spread in any manner required by normal
            deterministic disease vectoring, but was a totally random set of
            occurrences. Several other diseases were also tested this way in the
            American populace, with precisely the same signature."
            Bearden http://www.cheniere.org/correspondence/021401.htm

            "Apparently one planned use of such an augmented clandestine BW
            weapon will be smallpox, e.g. As you know, the Russians did develop
            smallpox for biological warfare, and even developed a new strain against
            which previous vaccination is ineffective.

            "The vast numbers of expected casualties, coupled with immune system
            spreading, are absolutely irresistible to the Russian mind. You can count
            on it that they have seen that the smallpox is already on site here, in the
            U.S. and in the hands of professional terrorist teams. Of course, the
            Russians/KGB will protest they have nothing to do with that! Yet likely
            the KGB will have flatly arranged it or at least assisted it. The capability
            for mass destruction of the nation is so lucrative and easy to achieve in
            advance, that they would never be able to resist doing it."
            Bearden http://www.cheniere.org/correapondence/021401.htm

     Bearden believes the Gulf War Syndrome involved the use of scalar technology to
     induce a disease state, as he stated in a 1997 interview:

            "I'll say this flatly, and I won't answer any further questions about it, the
            Gulf War Syndrome was induced... It was induced with this stuff. All
            the rest... was contributing factors that everybody's talking about... There
            are some deeper signatures, if you look into it very deeply, that show you
            exactly how it was done and the fact that it was induced. It was a test. It
            was a test of a very special kind of weapon I have not talked about yet.
            Anyway you can use it to create diseases."
            Bearden httpi/twm.co.nz/beard weapon.htm


Besides using the woodpecker grid to target a population, the entire electrical grids of nations
can be used as "channels" for disease patterns to be broadcast to all people near that grid. Your
own house wiring can become an antenna, broadcasting these "shadow" patterns of disease,
weakening your immune system.

And here one faces the frustrating fact that the same power grids could be set to channel patterns
which would keep the entire population healthy, rejuvenated, continously bathing in the
time-reversing old-age-defying energy of the spacetime vacuum. We have no idea yet of how
long the human life span could be increased with this new technology. People might be able to
live two centuries given full humane development of this technology.


 5. Psychoenergetics
 Mental entrainment, inducing hypnogogic trance, mind control, broadcasting thoughts and feelings, the Ant
 World, education via EM [LW] mental download, the "Feelies," revolution in spirituality, "enlightenment
machine?" Scalar churches?

Psychoenergtics is simply using the scalar interferometers to manipulate and engineer the
human psyche. To me it is the most mind boggling and frightening aspect of longitudinal
wave engineering.

The mind is electromagnetic in nature, and itself of the time-domain. It is not observable in
3-space. There is no thing you can point to that is the mind. As Bearden says, "The mind is
time-like." The longitudinal scalar EM waves are also of the time-domain. By overlaying
certain infolded patterns (occilations in time) on the longitudinal waves, a thought or feeling
may be made to arise in a person or persons who are in the interference zone (where the
wave beams cross).

The person will not notice anything, feeling that this thought or idea is his or her own idea.
The longitudinal wave pattern might be a wave of panic or fear that spontaneously sweeps
over you, perhaps inexplicably. It could even be in the form of a sudden intense patriotism. It
could be explicit words and phrases, which everyone would think they had thought of by
themselves. Or it could be rage and hatred, angry and violent. On the other hand It could also
be a continuous sense of docility and placidity. This is the brave new world of
psychoenergetics and the coming "Mind Wars."

Scalar Psychoenergetics in its most primitive form simply "entrains" all minds in the target
area into a deep hypnogogic trance. In this state of mind all people would be suddenly
extremely suggestible, and would likely believe anything they are told, and would obey any
orders given. Talk about winning the hearts and minds of the American People!

Tom Bearden makes me think of Paul Revere, who heroically conveyed important warnings
for the sake of the new nation. But the words of the famous phrase have now strangely and
curiously mutated into the once-inconceivable words: "One if by land, Two if by mind."

Indeed one strategy in a Mind War would be to simply take over the minds of the "leaders" of
the enemy nation. The targeted leader would not be aware that anything was amiss, although
he might begin to make unexpected changes in policy.

And are, in fact, any of our "leaders" already having secret thoughts that are not their own?
Who knows? Frighteningly, we can no longer be sure. The new sciences of scalar
electromagnetics and psychoenergetics are even now plunging humanity into a sudden
science-fiction-like world beyond anything in humanity's previous imaginings.

       "The Russians reached the point in the mid 1990s that they could take over
       control of a person's mind, with modified longitudinal EM waves including some
       time-polarized EM waves, and with a team of specialists (estimate 25-30 per
       transmitter, and one transmitter and team per controlled person)." Bearden

In a slide Bearden illustrates how a Scalar War would involve a psychoenergetic attack on the
operators of the enemy scalar installation, entraining their minds into hypnogogic trance and
getting them to shut down their systems.

And ultimately psychoenergetic warfare goes to the very heart of human identity itself. For if
my thoughts might no longer be "mine," then who and what am I? Can my very sense of being
"me" be hijacked by some nefarious psychoenergetic scheme? Will the secret government
eventually dictate directly into your mind how you feel about yourself? Or what you think you
are? Or what you should do?

                How Does Longitudinal EM Mind Control Work?
The physics of scalar psychoenergetics as expounded by Col. Bearden seems even more arcane
and over-my-head than that of extracting energy from the vacuum. I can't understand it, but I
look through it anyway. Each time another tiny understanding might occur, or a term might
fall into place. I know the mathematics is forever beyond me.
One paper to begin with is Mind Control and EM Wave Polarization Transductions This is
such serious stuff that Bearden includes a strong warning about misuse of this knowledge.
Psychoenergetics weapons can mentally maim and physically kill.

After the serious warning comes the description of the paper. This is heady stuff for the
layman.

       "Calling full attention to the special note above, in this paper we present a
       high-level overview of the novel electromagnetic nature of mind operations,
       mind and body coupling, and intent - the induction of physical 3-space EM
       energy changes into the brain and nervous system, and into every cell of the
       body, from the mind's time-like coherent operations. We summarize the
       time-polarized electrodynamics used to engineer and affect mind operations and
       the mind-body coupling loop. Transduction mechanisms whereby differing EM
       wave polarizations can be transformed one-into-the-other are presented." Bearden

I will leave it to the technically astute to try to understand the mechanisms of operation which
are described in scientific language. But there are tidbits for the layman. Here he speaks of the
difficulty Western scientists have in opening up to the "immaterial" (longitudinal wave) nature
of the human mind.

                     Western Science Remains Largely Materialistic

        "Ironically, most Western scientists are materialists and consider "mind" as a
        mystical and nonscientific concept. They tend to consider mind operations
        and functions either to be simply "meat computer" operations and functions,
        or at best to be very weak ordinary transverse-wave EM operations and
        functions in the brain and nervous system. This serious self-limitation exists
        because in the body we measure only weak TW [transverse wave] EM
        operations and functions correlated to biological behavior and brain
        operations.We simply do not know how to measure "mind operations"
        directly.

        "With no mind measurements possible and no instruments, it is
        understandable that Western science considers only the physical side of the
        mind-matter interface.

        "Presently our scientists do not measure the longitudinally-polarized EM
        wave operations and functions in the body and around it in nature. Few
        of them are aware that a maelstrom of such LW [longitudinal wavel
        functions exist in the bodyand in all of nature in generaL" F3earden


Western methods of influencing the mind with EM waves have only used transverse waves,
not the longitudinal waves of the vacuum. If only transverse waves are used one pretty well
has to hit the target mind with a sledgehammer of waves.

                 Western Science knows only transverse EM waves

                          Brute Forcing Time Functions versus
                                 Fine Control Methods

           "Ironically, Western mind control researchers using transverse EM waves
           for mind control research, are using a brute force method of evoking and
           using vacuum engines (spacetime curvature engines)
           "Ironically, Western mind control researchers using transverse EM waves
           for mind control research, are using a brute force method of evoking and
           using vacuum engines (spacetime curvature engines) and a special form
           of general relativity, although they do not appear to realize it.

           "While KGB scientists also use TW EM "brute force" TW waves when
           necessary, they do "imprint" or "activate" those waves with the
           desired internal LW and tune-polarized EM wave and photon
           structures required to directly perform the mind engineering desired...
           Bearden

           "These "fitted brute-force models" certainly can be very powerful, and
           certainly can produce the exact results shown in the experimental
           verifications of the fittings. However, they do not of themselves allow
           sophisticated design for example of the necessary time-polarized wave
           assemblies for engineering the entire human collective unconscious
           simultaneously, or for engineering the entire collective unconscious of all
           species on Earth (i.e., Gaia's collective unconscious), or even for precisely
           engineering the memory and knowledge base of an individual. Bearden


The seemingly magical operations of psychoenergetics, sometimes called "psychotronics,"
cannot be achieved with ordinary transverse EM wave energy. But they are possible with
longitudinal scalar waves because the mind itself is scalar in nature.

       "We note that all mind operations are time-like, i.e., they are comprised as
       scalar EM photon functions and scalar EM wave functions. Thus the mind is a
       very special kind of electromagnetic system, existing in the time domain..."
       Rearden

The engineering of the mind can only be accomplished with the waves of time.

The course of psychoenergetics development necessitates the building of a vast database of
settings and patterns which bring about given mental and/or emotional states. A kind of
"genome" of the psyche. Bearden describes the process of the decoding of this "genome."

       "Now the scientists would perfonm many phenomenology experiments, making
       one little change at a time and profusely recording the data. Each time, they
       would establish the physical change(s) that occur in the body and/or the mental
       and emotional changes that occur in the mind for each spectral reinsertion back
       through the "ship's portholes". They would simply but painstakingly (over some
       years) build up an extensive database of those individual correlates.

       "In these experiments, the experimenters will eventually be able to provoke any
       body or mind change they wish. Strong emotion. Intense pain. Intense
       pleasure. Painful thoughts. Images. Memories. Perceptions. Dreams. Visions.
       Memory losses. Memory changes. Personality changes. Etc. The "delta" in the
       emission spectrum (the changes from zero reference spectrum) represent the
       precise totality of all mental, physical, organic, chemical, etc.changes and
       interactions." Rearden

       "A second stage in the research would be to test the correlates and porthole
       insertions upon a statistically significant cross section of ordinary people, and/or
       specialized populations (such as toughened soldiers). The program would evolve
       a highly complex, very effective, ever-improving science and technology of mind
       and behavior control and engineering mechanisms, complete with finished
       database and developed applications equipment." Rearden

Summing up his paper Bearden speculates on what the actual situation the science of
psychoenergetics probably is. The intense secrecy with which this knowledge has been kept
from the public has led to the current fame of the "government" pretending it all does not exist,
and this secrecy may have now put us at great risk.

       "The implication is that in the West one or more highly classified, sustained,
       heavily funded developments in advanced mind control programs, probably
       exists and probably has existed for sometime. Due to loose formation of rogue
       groups inside such programs, they may have dual or triple purposes, may not
       operate under very much legitimate government control at all, and may
       operate specifically for the purposes of the rogue group or groups that have
       gained control.

       "In a nutshell, that's what may be going on in the clandestine mind control
       projects in several Western governments. The involvement of at least some
       rogue groups, some being "cowboys" who operate well outside all laws and
       ethics, could also result in such things as assassinations, clandestine testing on
       individuals without their consent, etc. In short, it could account for what seems
       to be actually occurring. As also is "usual" in such a mess, one or more of the
       rogue groups eventually may become very powerful because their secret
       weapons are very powerful. They may become confident, thinking they have the
       "best in the world."They may actually believe they are ahead of the Russians..."

       "Remember that, in every large and powerful human organization, the basis for
       rogue groups is power and secrecy. They are always seeking to increase their
       power, control, influence, prestige, etc. Nothing else. Patriotism and mission
       are—to rogue groups—often just idle words. They have their own agendas.And
       being rogue groups, they may well bring in unethical, immoral tricks:
       assassination, bribery, entrapment, disinformation, plausible deniability, etc. A
       certain percentage of a highly secret rogue group will wind up using all these
       things and more. It's a human characteristic, the old primate dominance game
       Only now disguised and hidden under deep classification."

       "The Russians, with their additional knowledge of the actual mechanisms in the
       transforms, will be much more advanced than the West, because their
       fundamental psychoenergetics science is far more advanced, so long as we
       continue to use the old U(1) electrodynamics. Further, the Russians have decades
       of use of longitudinal interferometry beams to reach right through the
       earth and ocean and produce stringent EM effects at a distance. So they will
       also be able to do the same things here in "mind control" with LW [longitudinal
       wave] interferometers, through intervening mass." L}s:, d r,

Bearden cites two examples where he believes the Russian KGB tested the psychoenergetics
capabilities of their scalar interferometers. One was the case of Captain Button in his A-10
"Warthog" aircraft on April 2, 1997.

       "Over Arizona, Captain Button was thrown into a hypnogogic state, and his
       perceptions instantly altered and controlled. In his instant "dream-waking" state,
       everything seemed perfectly normal. His sense of direction was altered a bit
       more than 90 degrees, so he simply corrected and turned and "flew toward the
       range", actually flying off course by more than 90 degrees and ignoring radio
       contacts. He flew right on out of Arizona."

       "At one point he circled, probably thinking he was over the range, and he
       probably dropped his ordnance there. Then he "flew on back toward home," as
       he thought in his waking dream state, until his fuel ran out and he crashed and
       died in the explosion—dream-thinking until he died that everything was
       normal. All the while, his sense of the passage of time was altered. To him, in
       his dream-thinking, dream-acting state, everything was normal and nothing
       untoward had happened. So the distant KGB transmitters and associated
       psychoenergetics team controlled him for over an hour.

       "Indeed, that was the exact purpose of the test: demonstrate control (at a great
       distance) of a skilled person performing highly skilled tasks."

The paper Mind Control and EM Wave Polarization Transductions ends with the most chilling
and frightening possibility of all: the psychoenergetic engineering of the human species as a
whole.


                                   The Ant World
             The Final Race for Direct Mind Control of he Entire Human
                                       Species

        "The KGB psychoenergetics weapons scientists—because of their direct
        measurements and detections (and use) oft-polarized waves and LWs
        [longitudinal waves] for decades—also understand that Jung's collective
        unconscious mind (of the entire human species) also has its own time-like
        operations and correlates, which one measures also when using t-polarization
        measurements and sorting it all out. The collective unconscious mind
        operations are buried several levels deeper inside the recursive
        Whittaker structuring inside the EM fields, waves, and potentials.

        "The KGB scientists also know that something very like Gaia — a collective
        unconscious mind for all species on earth — also exists, and they are
        striving to be able to sort out and measure that one as well. The Gaia
        operations are buried even deeper in the recursive structuring inside the EM
        fields, waves, and potentials."

        "Actually, from day one, the Russian mind control scientists have had their
        eventual goal set upon this "deeper area of mind and possible mind control"
        of the entire human species.

        "I am convinced that the KGB psychoenergetics scientists understand this
        deeper area. If they can learn to directly engineer the collective human
        species unconscious, they can then convert the human species easily into a
        sort of "ant" society, modeled along ideal Communism lines, except of
        course with an excluded "hierarchy at the top" running everything. The "ant
        society" — communist style — is still a variation of feudalism (all systems
        tend to feudalism or some form thereof).

        "The KGB psychoenergetics weapon scientists are seriously pressing on
        toward that very goal. In my opinion they are not very far from it right now...

        "Some versions of Russian mind control devices were used on Russian
        soldiers in the Afghan War to condition them for performance of merciless
        acts." 13
        httpilww.cheuere.org/explore%2Oarticlemrnd%20c0ntr013/pOl.htm

         More about "The Ant World"


Whether it is the Russians planning an "ant world" society or rogue U.S. black-ops groups
withholding a great boon from human race, the secrecy on all sides around has allowed
largely criminal elements to take over this technology while leaving the civilized elements in
the dark. Openness and the spreading of this knowledge among good and decent people is
essential, and for that we will have to overcome our frightened denial.

       "Meanwhile, rogue groups amongst Western clandestine mind control
       researchers will probably arise if they have not already done so. They will likely
       seek to increase their personal control and further isolate the programs from
       orthodox government review and from government and legislative control. They
       may even divert the research into highly illegal and unethical means, because it
       furthers their own rogue agendas. That is how clandestine U.S. government
       research can sometimes go sour, unless great care is exercised by the
       oversight committees in the House and the Senate.

       "Sometimes when rogue groups do gain control and total secrecy of a given new
       technological area, then what appears to be "U.S. government operations" do
       start to encompass a criminal and unethical operations, hidden usually beneath
       the deep veil of high classification. Also, if it's "scientific," no one is ever brought
       to justice, even if the "evil science actions" are uncovered and publicly revealed."
       Bearden

Like the huge energy of the Tesla howitzers, the abilitity to engineer the mind with
longitudinal waveforms is a seeming "magical" thing which can be used for good or ill.
Bearden envisions that further developments will allow something like the "downloading" of
knowledge via scalar interferometry. Everyone could be highly educated, and quickly and
easily.

In the conclusion of the paper "Mind Control and EM Wave Polarization Transductions"
Bearden makes a plea to the nations of the world regarding the use of psychoenergetic
engineering.

       "Let us hope this great new area, already off to a bad start, can be bridled and
       steered in the direction helping and healing people, rather than killing or abusing
       them. The excesses in its bad use are a potent threat to all nations on earth.

       "Yet it can revolutionize medical science, education, communication, and
       psychology. We foresee the day— perhaps 30 years hence -- when education
       will be accomplished by directly loading the software into the mind. Then in
       three weeks one will "load" a doctorate, say, in physics. In three more weeks on
       will also load a doctorate in chemistry. Another three weeks, in electrical
       engineering. Another three weeks, an M.D. And so on. When that happens then
       truly everyone on earth can be educated. Freedom from ignorance may well be
       another great freedom that is legally recognized. There will be no impoverished
       large groups lacking the education to find decent, productive jobs.

       "We urge all nations to use the principles involved: not for human abuse, but for
       healing, educating, uplifting, and life-expanding of every person on earth. If we
       do, we shall all have a far brighter future. Then we shall check what has started
       out to be the Sword of Damocles and turn it into the golden Millennium." a~clej,

       (Perhaps a slight break is in order here to consider the 112.hter side of
       psvchoener$etics. For example, what will be the ultimate impact on the
       entertainment industry?)


                                      The Feelies at Last!
      Psychoenergetics will be able to bring about at last, for better or for worse,
      Aldous Huxley's fanciful idea in his novel "Brave New World," an entertainment
      format which he called "The Feelies." Those were something you went to like
      going to the movies, but you would experience all the actual feelings themselves,
         as if the depicted events were actually happening to you. Although our "leaders"
         seem too dim to grasp what is going on in the world of scalar electromagnetics, it
         should not take some young Hollywood genius too long to understand that The
         Feelies are now possible, and that the immense megabucks of potential profit
         more than justify heavy investment in bringing it to market.

         One can imagine that first "Feelie" theater, "The Huxley" perhaps, a large
         comfortable area surrounded by nine giant screens (not just one screen!), which
         become 3D if you put on your headset. And The Huxley is fitted with the finest
         sound, and oh, by the way, a modest sized scalar interferometer with computer.
         And there are one or more new tracks now recorded on the film next to the
         sound track. These are the digital patterns of thoughts, feelings, and ideas to be
         fed into the theater's interferometer. And these thoughts and feelings and ideas
         will be felt by the audience as if they were their own thoughts and ideas. It is an
         entirely new art form. Psychevision.

         As important (and no doubt famous) as the actors would be the "feelers," those
         from whose minds the feelings were lifted in the original programming of the
         Feelie tracks. Because, for example, Brad Pitt might be a good and handsome
         actor, but can he really feel it? Like the dubbing of foreign language films, it
         might be necessary to dub the "emotional track" using a deeper and more
         profound person's feelings, thoughts and ideas.

         It might even be engineered so that if you sat on one side of the theater you
         would feel like the hero, and on the other side you would feel exactly like the bad
         guy! What would that lead to?

         We have all cried at a movie some time, most people have, though they might not
         want to admit it. But this would be deep sobbing and a flood of tears, if the
         director so desired it. You would feel it at your core. Or, take a big chase scene,
         you would be terrified. They are breathing down your neck! You would be
         gripped by panic.

         For that matter, the whole genre of Horror-Feelie would be too much for many
         people to take. Do I really want to feel that an actual vampire is tearing at my
         throat with his fangs?

         A Religious Feelie would make you feel the exaltation of a saint at his prayers, or
         give you the definite feeling that you are Christ suffering on the cross. All the
         pain could be there too. The stickiness of the blood. The very feeling itself:
         "Why hast thou forsaken me?" Who among us could come up that despair for
         scanning? Had this been developed a bit earlier we might watch a documentary
         of, say, Mother Theresa, containing her own actual deep sense of compassion,
         which we would feel arising in us as our own.

         Then again, a Psychedelic Feelie could induce an LSD-like state and simply blow
         the audience's minds.

         Even in its simplest most primitive mode, the hypnogogic trance induction with
         its increased suggestibility, would completely alter the experience of even
         ordinary current movie going.


                               6. As it Stands -2002
      "Anyway, it's presently a "Mexican stand-of' with the various parties
      maneuvering with check and countercheck. That is the real "balance of tenor" that is
      held by such a fragile balance."

      "You can see the implications if such weapons fall into the hands of the radical
      terrorists. Ordinary positive energy EMP shooters can be made fairly readily and
      cheaply from nearly just Radio Shack parts or surplus parts. It just takes some
      know-how... When and if the Yakuza [Japanese mafia] gets those (and they will, it's
      just a question of time), you can begin to appreciate some of the turns this presents
      terrorism and our war on it will take." Bearden

The very thought of the building of one of these howitzers by "some lone gunman" from Radio
Shack parts makes one realize how serious it is for humanity to face the crisis it has come to.

Once again, as at the dawn of the nuclear era, humanity finds itself at the crossroads of Heaven and
Hell. As a species, we must stop and consider. And there is at least one real difference between this
visit to the crossroads and the last. It is that this time there is a very real possibility of a true "earthly
heaven" on the Heaven side.

The poor nations could come to a good life. Disease could be largely eliminated. Fossile fuel
pollution could end. Global warming could be solved, and the weather could be managed in a
humane way, bringing water where there is drought, and sunny skies where there is flood. Scalar
interferometry would be there to avert any possible hits by asteroids or comets. Mars could be
colonized and terraformed. Everyone would be highly educated through psychoenergetic
downloading of knowledge. And the wisdom of the wise could be realized directly through scalar
connection to their minds and hearts.

These stunning sudden possibilities give me pause to think: if our species has reached this
crossroads in such a short span of centuries, then surely other species in this vast universe have
passed this way before and long ago. And of those who chose the path to "planetary heaven," what
is their life like now? It might be good if some of them were with us now, to guide us through this
last struggle over this pesky old good-and-evil problem. It is our last chance to choose the path
which benefits the whole species, and not just some elite group or faction.

                                              The Disclosure Project
One person working tirelessly to bring to bring these technologies into the open is Dr. Stephen Greer
of the Disclosure Project, which is calling for congressional hearings into the issues of UFOs and the
free energy technology that was, perhaps in part, reverse-engineered from them.

       "Once abundant and nearly free energy is available in impoverished areas for
       agriculture, transportation, construction, manufacturing and electrification, there is
       no limit to what humanity can achieve. It is ridiculous — obscene even — that
       mind-boggling poverty and famine exists in the world while we sit on classified
       technologies that could completely reverse this situation.

       "So why not release these technologies? Because the social, economic and
       geo-political order of the world would be greatly altered. Every deep insider with
       whom I have met has emphasized that this would be the greatest change in known
       human history. The matter is so highly classified not because it is so silly, but because
       its implications are so profound and far reaching. By nature, those who control such
       projects do not like change. And here we are talking about the biggest economic,
       technological, social and geo-political change in known human history. Hence, the
       status quo is maintained, even as our civilization hurtles towards oblivion...

       "With the types of weapons currently in the covert arsenal — weapons more
       fearsome even than thermonuclear devices — there is no possibility of a survivable
       conflict. Yet in the darkness of secrecy, actions have been taken on behalf of every
       human that may endanger our future. Only a full, honest disclosure will correct this
       situation. It is not possible for me to convey in words the urgency of this."

       Dr. Stephen Greer hrtp:_htititiw disclosureproject oru~ES-Disckxurelmplications-_2_htrn


Greet and his team have assembled hundreds of witnesses, many of whom are military or
ex-military, who are ready to testify to congressional hearings what they know about the covert
black projects which have kept free-energy and antigravity propulsion technology from the people.

Greer points out the need to regulate these technologies so they are limited to peaceful uses, but this
is of course difficult when the government simply chooses to pretend they do not exist. In the
meantime, as the President and the Defense Department continue the charade of war-as-usual, those
scalar (longitudinal wave) installations which DO exist continue to fall into ever more sinister hands.
And there is no reporter in the press brave enough to ask, "Mr. Secretary of Defense, what steps
are you taking to defend our MINDS from attack by the big Russian longitudinal
interferometers?"

                     Longitudinal Interferometers are Proliferating
In a later statement Bearden reveals that in fact the Yakuza [Japanese mafia] has already leased
some of the interferometers with a nearly $1 billion "down payment:"

       "After the collapse of the Soviet Union's economy, lots of things got available for lease
       or purchase that would never have been under the old system. That happened in the
       resulting economic chaos. The Russian Mafia rose to prominence, as did some
       wheeling and dealing entrepreneurs who played both ends against the middle.

       "In that atmosphere, and in the need for money, the KGB allowed leasing of the
       earlier longitudinal EM wave interferometers to a consortium of the Yakuza and
       Awn Shinrikyo. They did this only after they had tested and deployed their great new
       quantum potential weapons. That class of weapon is the dominant weapon on earth.
       Five nations now have it: Brazil, Russia (KGB), China, and two nations friendly to
       the U.S. The deal to lease many of the earlier LWIs [longitudinal wave
       interferometers] to the Japanese Yakuza and Aum Shinrikyo was consummated at the
       end of 1989, with a down payment of $900 million in gold bullion as "up front"
       money. I don't know what the lease per year was and is, but probably something like
       a billion dollars a year. So the rogue Japanese acquired longitudinal EM weapons
       and that technical know-how. In fact, the Yakuza is producing certain kinds of those
       in its own facilities in Japan now."
       http//www.cheniere.org(correspcndence'030202a.hrnl

Personally, I am a little uncomfortable with the knowledge that the Japanese mafia may now be able
to insert things into my mind. Fd like to sleep at night knowing that my dreams are my own, such as
they may be, and not some weird fantastic visions cooked up by a crimnal organization. This is a
world emergency.

And in Bearden's ananysis, it all comes back to the issue of energy. It is the energy crisis which is
now provoking the current "oil wars," since oil production has hit the "Hubbard Peak" and will
decline. And the electrical power grids must be replaced with scalar power as fast as possible, for
these grids are now totally vulnerable to any possessor of longitudinal interferometers. They can all
be wiped out in minutes.

       "Anyway, in my personal view, we should have a national Manhattan Project right
       now, to develop decentralized electrical power systems taking their energy from the
       vacuum. . . The MEG is real and so are several other systems invented by private
       inventors and colleagues. All these efforts should be massively funded and massively
       and quickly developed. The survival of this nation is going to depend upon it. . . .
       There are many other facets, but the major point is that our scientific apparatus and
       the public are still unaware of what a desperate struggle we have entered, since it was
       thrust upon us. 9-11 was a wake-up call. It was certainly bad enough, and one grieves
       for those lost American lives. But I fear the worst is yet to come, and it is coming at
       us like a runaway train hurtling right down the track at us."
       http:/fwww.cheniere.org/correspondenceiO2 1702a. htm

       "The electromagnetic weapons mentioned by the Secretary of Defense in April 1997
       are in terrorist hands also, including the Yakuza and Awn Shinrikyo. That rogue
       group leased those earlier weapons on site in Russia, from the KGB, at the end of
       1989. The SeeDef stated that such weapons were being used to initiate earthquakes,
       initiate volcanoes into eruption, and control and engineer the weather. Quite true. And
       presently there is a truly massive set of weather engineering operations going on over
       North America, from that rogue Japanese group manning the weapons in Russia.
       Some 10 nations of the world now have the type of longitudinal EM wave
       interferometer weapons (which are what the SecDef was most probably referring to).
       There are other even more fearsome weapons, possessed by five nations. So a great
       deal of the state of the world is not covered in the news at all, and will not be...

       "We have been in an undeclared war of an eerie kind for some decades. That war
       seems now to have started to heat up also. The destructive capability of some of these
       weapons is awesome, and far greater than nuclear."
       http:.'!w ww. chen i ere.org/correspondence/021702a. htm

       "In that sense, the first phase of WW III is already completed. Now we are only
       waiting for Phase II.

       "It is against that backdrop that I think one must "analyze" such things as how fast we
       will be replacing the power grid (it's going to go anyway, and catastrophically, the
       terrorists will see to that). And everything we have is critically dependent upon
       energy, from the economy to jobs to mobility, to the millions of trucks that transport
       our goods every day, etc.

       "As far as I am concerned, we are already late in declaring a great national emergency
       in energy, because of the coming destruction of the present energy infrastructure. The
       scientific community should lead, follow, or get out of the way. The emergency is not
       in seeking "alternative but conventional" systems. It is in developing "energy from the
      vacuum" on an emergency, crash basis.

      "Unfortunately, everywhere I look I just see business as usual. Most Americans (and
      news media) seem to think, hey, Afghanistan is finished except for a bit of cleanup,
      and it's just about over).

      "It isn't. It has only just begun"
       http://www.cheniere.orpfcorrespondence/021702a Mnn


                    Beyond the Howitzers: Quantum Potential
                                  Weapons
                            Do not use EM propagation through space
        As more and more nations acquire the scalar interferometers, Bearden speculates
        on the next generation of longitudinal weapons called "quantum potential" [QP]
        weapons.

                 "The quantum potential weapons are presently only held by three
                 nations: Russia (in the hands of the KGB, which is now know by its
                 new name), Brazil, and the "friendly little nation." Red China may be
                 working on them, but is just at the beginning...

                 "The QP weapons have been highly reserved by the Russians.
                 However, the complete extent of their capabilities is still being
                 figured out...

                 "The quantum potential weaponry (possessed by only three nations)
                 is supreme, because it uses multiply connected spacetime, and DOES
                 NOT involve propagation of EM energy through space as does the
                 longitudinal EM wave interferometers.
                 http: w w.cheniere.org mise.'gp.htm

                 "The operational deployment of full-scale strategic QP weapons on
                 site in Russia occurred at the end of 1989, which is when the formal
                 weapons first went operational. These weapons are not in the
                 inventory of the regular Russian armed forces, but all research and
                 development, manufacturing, deployment, an manning and
                 employment is under the ruthless control of the KGB. Shortly
                 thereafter (within weeks), the KGB leased many of their earlier
                 longitudinal EM wave interferometer (LW!) weapons to a rogue
                 Japanese group comprised of the Aum Shinrikyo and Yakuza."
                 Bearden http.//www.cheniere.orgfcolTespondence/021401.htm


In another paper, "Time Polarization - Significance and Weaponization," Bearden tells the story of
how a KGB longitudinal wave attack was averted by the longitudinal weapons of a "friendly small
nation."

So as it stands, it is precarious. Not until the people demand an end of what author Jim Marrs has
dubbed the "Rule by Secrecy," can the people's representatives tackle the big problems of a
worldwide ban on Scalar Wars and the shifting over to an oil-free economy.

                        Latest Update from Tom Bearden - March 2002
The whole situation is changing so fast that when I asked Tom to look over this article he mentioned
the seeming contradiction when some of the above statements are taken together. At different times
the information he has is updated so one has to keep a kind of running track. He was kind enough
to clear up the confusion here with the situation as it stands as of March, 2002.

       "We knew of three nations having the QP weapons for some time. Then we found out
       last year that five nations had it. So that explains my using the figure "three" first
       (which represented what I knew at the time). Later I found out about the other two
       nations. China, e.g., only deployed its QP weapon this past year. So that explains the
       apparent contradiction between me using "five" in later papers and "three" in earlier
         ones. It was the best information I had at that time. Might mention that so the reader
         will understand the apparent discrepancy." Tom Bearden


                                    Emptiness is Full of Energy
                               "The Tao is an empty vessel;
                               it is used, but never filled.
                               Oh, unfathomable source
                               often thousand things!

                               "Oh, hidden deep but ever present!
                               I do not know from whence it comes.
                               It is the forefather of the gods."

                               Lao Tzu -Tao to Ching


                                           Afterword
Because of the extreme seriousness of the topics brought forward in this article, I asked Tom Bearden to
look it over to make sure I had not gotten anything too terribly wrong or mixed up. I did not want to
pass on any misunderstanding of my own. I felt a little nervous writing to an eminent scientist, and
hoped I had not presumed upon his time.

But Tom was so kind as to answer immediately, and to my relief I had not gotten anything too terribly
wrong. Here is his letter, in which he clears up a misunderstanding, and reports on his current health
treatment, and gives a call to the young grad students to turn themselves loose in the whole new field of
scalar electromagnetics and free energy.


       Subject: RE: Article on Tom Bearden and "Scalar Wars"
       Date: Fri, 22 Mar 2002 22:54:01 -0600

       Bill,

       Well, I must say I'm astounded at your persistence and hard work in congealing all that
       together. My compliments on a hard job quite well done.

       Couple tiny things: In the area mentioning Kervran and Kaznacheyev: Kervran was
       French; Kaznacheyev was and is Russian. Little typo of "spredding" the immune system.
       Should be "spreading".

       We knew of three nations having the QP weapons for some time. Then we found out last
       year that five nations had it. So that explains my using the figure "three" first (which
       represented what I knew at the time). Later I found out about the other two nations.
       China, e.g., only deployed its QP weapon this past year. So that explains the apparent
       contradiction between me using "five" in later papers and "three" in earlier ones. It was the
       best information I had at that time. Might mention that so the reader will understand the
       apparent discrepancy.

       Otherwise, it's pretty accurate.
       Just now I'm letting the weapons take care of themselves; have to, as I will be recovering
       now for nearly a year from now after the heart attack last year and discovering that I had
       contracted mycoplasia (the BW modified kind) in Canada in 1968. Finally got a test
       which confirmed the chronic mycoplasia (which I had for 33 years!). The stuff burrows
       inside one's red corpuscles, then draws nutrients from the hemoglobin, hardening it and
       reducing its ability to take on oxygen (by as much as 50% or more). The resulting
       symptom is loss of endurance (which I had for that 33 years) — the so-called "chronic
       fatigue syndrome".

       Many of the Gulf War Veterans who are sick also have it, though they apparently have
             other complicating factors as well. A very high percentage of persons with chronic fatigue
             syndrome also have mycoplasia. The treatment for the long-standing mycoplasma
             infection of that nature is to stay on antibiotics for a year. The only time the mycoplasma
             is vulnerable is when one wears out a red cell in normal usage, and the body makes a new
             red cell to replace it. The mycoplasma comes out of the dying cell to infect the new
             replacement cell, so it is exposed and vulnerable at that specific time and that time only.
             The antibiotics kills it at that time. Hence the necessity to stay on antibiotics for such a
             long time so it is continuously in your bloodstream (I've already been on antibiotics for
             over two months, and have at least 10 more months to go). We also take a little medical
             oxygen every day.

             Another symptom of the mycoplasma infection is the association of runaway fibrillation of
             the heart. To stop that, there are pills one takes, and they stop it. But they also further
             reduce the volume of blood pumped by the heart, so that this projects one right back into
             the hypoxia, dizzy, loss of balance, etc. Catch 22 situation; the fibrillation will build and
             cause heart attack, stroke, etc. if not stopped, and if stopped it puts you back in the
             hypoxia which can cause many things! With the conventional treatment, you're damned if
             you do and damned if you don't. Hence the need for a little extra medical oxygen, so you
             can take the "heart clamp" pill and stop the fibrillation, but also augment the oxygen
             enough to continue to survive without a stroke or some such. Interestingly, it's very
             difficult to even obtain a mycoplasma test, and Medicare fights you tooth and nail over
             paying for the oxygen. Either they will pay for it or I'll pay for it myself; it is absolutely
             necessary.

             After a heart attack, one is treated in the heart clinic by specialists who are very caring
             and excellent practitioners, but know nothing of mycoplasma infection, so not consider it
             even a part of "heart disease", and who are rather puzzled when one has no clogging of the
             arteries, has the right count of red corpuscles (largely nonfunctional, of course, but there),
             pumps the right amount of blood, etc. So they identify and treat only the runaway
             fibrillation, do not prescribe the oxygen —and essentially place you on a regime as best
             they know, but one that is guaranteed to kill or maim you or turn you into a totally
             disabled person or human vegetable via stroke, paralysis, etc. Fortunately my family
             doctor will prescribe the oxygen anyway, though I may have to pay for it myself.
             Whatever works!

             However, I'm slowly improving little by little, working as much as I'm able to and trying to
             finish my book: Energy from the Vacuum: Concepts and Principles, and get it to the
             publisher for publication later this year. Hopefully the book will turn all the interested
             young grad students and post-does loose in the free-energy area. They will not have to
             spend 30 agonizing years to get to where I am, and where a few others are, but can simply
             start here and go forward. Since speed to develop energy from the vacuum is of the
             essence because of the world situation, I'm moving on it as fast as I am physically able to.

             Meanwhile, working with the AIAS (Alpha Foundation's Institute for Advanced Study),
             the AIAS (15 authors) has now gotten about 20 scientific papers published in leading
             journals (Foundations of Physics, Foundations of Physics Letters, Physica Scripta, Optik,
             etc.) dealing with electromagnetic energy from the vacuum. Several more are either
             approved for publication or in the review process also. So slowly we are getting it into the
             mainstream scientific literature. Hopefully it will be in time, but it's cutting it close.

              Very best wishes,

             Tom Bearden


                                                Late update
                      Massive display of longitudinal interferometers?
                                                 UFO Fleet Taped
                                             Over Bedhampton, England

Is this sighting a case of the testing of all the Russian (KGB) longitudinal interferometers at once? And coordinating
their targeting through the woodpecker grid to a common place, as an exercise in making a massive scalar attack upon
a given region? Was this a confluence of Russian Tesla howitzer marker-beacons?
Certainly for a massive all-out scalar attack you would want coodinated movements of the target areas of many
howitzers at once, for you could then just cut a bloody swath across a wide area, all the howitzer blasts marching
across the land in a kind of scalar version of the "scorched-earth policy." Or you could let loose with them all at the
same place. In that case, the devastation would go beyond anything the nuclear arsenal is capable of.


                                                        END


Revised: March 26, 2002
