{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T06:36:28Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 372088, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/120456-fundamentals-of-nuclear-flight-nuclear-flight-propulsion-1965.pdf", "source_sha256": "1ee6f9c044e02aefa7227d40e95c2571924a9a2b7c5d1dc240e7b0343d73c682"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 3340, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NUCLEAR RADIATIONS, RADIATION
LEAKAGE, AND SHIELDING
VA
Radiation Leakage, 263
B
Attenuation and Absorption,
274
VC Shield-design Considerations, 300
MATERIALS: REQUIREMENTS, PROPERȚIES,
AND PROBLEMS
A Reactor Materials, 331
B Propellants, 361
C Thermal Structural Effects,
377
D Radiation Damage, 389
REACTOR-DESIGN AND ENGINE-CYCLE
CONSIDERATIONS
A Reactor Configurations and General Design, 393
B Detailed Technical Aspects of Propulsion-reactor Design, 401
C Engine Cycles and Selection, 426
APPENDIX A Bessel Functions, 435
APPENDIX B Multigroup Reactor Calculations, 436
APPENDIX C Graph of First Exponential Function E() =). 5
APPENDIX D Conversion Factors and Physical Constaints, 441
Index 445
:
:
263
331
393
Fundamentals of Nuclear Flight
RWBussard@RDDelawer.NewsertcollGraw-htell.1465
CHAPTER 1
NUCLEAR FLIGHT PROPULSION
A Historical Background and Introduction
Nuclear reactors for central-station power production are a sound and
growing part of our modern technical world. This present globe-wide revo-.
lution in power-generation methods for a power-hungry mankind is only the
beginning of a nuclear-fueled invasion of heat-power machinery uses which
will eventually embrace the propulsion-heat-engine field, from merchant-ship
drives to interstellar flight. This revolution will not be completed overnight,
just as steam did not replace animal and hydro power for nearly a century;
after all, it has taken two decades from the first controllable fission reactor to
the central-station power mentioned above. The rate of advance of nuclear
energy into new heat-power areas will depend on the amount of support given
to engineering development of new nuclear devices and on the skill with which
this is carried out.
Support can be obtained and held only if the remarkable
possibilities inherent in the replacement of chemical by nuclear energy are
clearly understood, and their successful achievement is possible only if the
engineering problems of nuclear power systems are equally well understood
and solved in practical and reliable ways.
To illustrate these points it is instructive to examine the history of nuclear-
flight-propulsion programs in the United States. The use of nuclear-fission
energy for aircraft and rocket propulsion was proposed and discussed almost
from the time of achievement of the first fission chain reactor, in 1942, by
Enrico Fermi and his associates in the wartime Manhattan District project.
In the later and less hectic days of the Project's effort to develop the atomic
bomb, time was found by many people to speculate on the future nonbomb
applications of nuclear energy. The possibility of using a fission "pile" to
heat a working fluid to high temperatures for use as rocket propellant.was
discussed briefly as early as 1944 at both the Los Alamos Scientific Labora-
tory and the University of Chicago Metallurgical Laboratory. Outside the
laboratories one of the first unclassified publications on rocket propulsion
was a 1946 study by Dixon and Yockey, 't who made a preliminary analysis
of rocket propulsion using low-molecular-weight propellants heated in a
nuclear reactor. Another was a brief note? by Serber concerned with this
concept as well as with direct use of alpha and beta particles, fission frag-
† Superscript numbers are keyed to references at the end of the chapter.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 948, "chars": 6339, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FUNDAMENTALS OF NUCLAR FLIGHT
ments, etc. Also, at about this time, S. Ulam of the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratory first proposed the propulsion of rocket vehicles by atomic bombs,
using the blast pressures generated by their explosion to push on the back
end of missiles.
The first comprehensive and detailed study of potentialities and problems
of nuclear flight propulsion was made later in 1946 by a group of engineers
and physicists at the Applied Physics Laboratory of the John Hopkins
University. The secret document? summarizing this work dealt with the
propulsion of nuclear rockets, aircraft, and ramjets. It concluded that
hydrogen was the best nuclear-rocket propellant, and graphite and metallic
carbides the most likely materials for pile construction for rockets, and that
beryllium oxide was a prime contender for use in air-breathing nuclear sys-
tems. This study also pointed out the several principles involved and the
major problems requiring solution for the use of fission energy in flight-
propulsion systems. Foremost among these was the problem of insufficient
data on materials properties to allow design work to proceed. It is often
still true today, as was written then, that "the necessary data do not exist,
and their accumulation is the sine qua non for further progress in this field."
This report was followed in 1947 by a more voluminous and more specific
secret study' made by the staff of the North American Aviation Corpora-
tion, Aerophysics Laboratory. Nuclear-powered ramjets and rockets of
several specific sizes for military application were investigated. In the
absence of materials data, assumptions were made about the high-tempera-
ture strength and corrosion resistance of materials thought to be of interest;
these included uranium-loaded graphite and beryllium oxide for rocket and
ramjet use, respectively. An important result of this study was the
initiation of experimental work to study these properties.
Meanwhile, in May, 1946, the United States Air Force had established the
Nuclear Energy for Propulsion of Aircraft (NEPA) project, at Oak Ridge,
Tenn., for the purpose of exploring possibilities for nuclear flight. In 1947,
secret work on nuclear rockets was begun on a small scale as part of NEPA,
and this continued intermittently until 1949. However, NEPA's principal
concern was.with nuclear aircraft, which were studied extensively from 1946
to 1951, when the project was finally disbanded in favor of a joint AEC/
USAF Aircraft Nuclear Propulsion (ANP) program to carry out engineering
development of aircraft reactors and engine systems. This action was a
partial result of studies made by an ad hoc group convened in 1948 at MIT
by the AEC to provide an independent assessment of potentialities for nuclear
flight. This study group, known as the Lexington Project, came to the
conclusion that nuclear aircraft (manned) were likely less difficult than
nuclear ramjets, which, in turn, would be less difficult than nuclear rockets to
develop-an inversion of the proper order apparent from this vantage point
in time. Tsien's brief study of nuclear rockets using reactors of porous
graphite appeared as an outgrowth of this project.
NUCLEAR FLIGHT PROPULSION
Also in 1948, and early in 1949, Shepherd and Cleaver published a class
series of papers° on nuclear-powered rockets. These articles in the opr
literature surveyed in thorough fashion the general methods of applicatic
of fission energy to rocket propulsion and introduced new concepts such :
the gaseous-core reactor. Their papers discuss nearly all the basic forms.
nuclear-rocket systems considered since that time.
Interest in nuclear rockets then seemed to die almost completely until
detailed engineering study was made at the Oak Ridge National Laborator,
late in 1952, of the potentialities of nuclear heat-exchanger rockets for a wic
range of mission applications, based upon the then known state of reacti
technology. Emphasis was placed upon the use of graphite fuel-elemer
structures, and the study was parameterized to cover a wide range •
missions in order to identify regions of desirable performance.
Following this, attention in the United States returned once again to th
great advances possible by nuclear rockets, and more theoretical studies ‹
performance were undertaken, at the request öf the United States Air Forc
which was interested principally in military applications. Among other
the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory (Livermore) and the Los Alame
Scientific Laboratory were asked to look at the problem at this time an
report their conclusions to the Nuclear Missiles subcommittee of the USA
Scientific Advisory Board. Early in 1955 Los Alamos summarized il
investigations in a secret report concerning nuclear-powered ballist.
missiles.
The performance advantages shown for nuclear rockets led t
support for materials research in the field and to the initiation of serior:
nuclear-rocket reactor work at both laboratories. Activity continue
vigorously for about a year, at which time the Livermore Laboratory We
redirected to work on nuclear ramjets, the Pluto program, whereas Ic
Alamos continued with nuclear-rocket development which has led to th
current Rover program. The first nuclear-rocket reactor test (Kiwi-A) wa
carried out in July, 1959, and the first nuclear-ramjet reactor (Tory-II) wa
operated in spring, 1961, at the Nevada Test Site of the AEC. These ar
shown in Figs. 1-1 and i-2, respectively.
Meanwhile nuclear-aircraft work proceeded apace following establishmen
of the joint AEC/USAT development program in 1951, but did not fare a
well as the later rocket or ramjet programs.
ANP took two roads frot
among the great diversity and complexity of technical approaches:t on
the route of the direct cycle in which air was heated by passage through
reactor; the other indirect, transferring reactor heat to air from heated flui
(liquid metal) in a separate heat exchanger outside the reactor.
with continuing reviews and changes of requirements as well as wit
numerous real technical problems, neither course had yielded a successfi
development of flight prototype engines by the time the ANP program ta
† An excellent discussion and summary of the many possible engine cycles for nuclea
aircraft was riven in 1957 in a Russian publication on dear fishtanranulain customs

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 430, "chars": 2850, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FUNDAMENTALS OF NUCLEAR FLIGHT
canceled, after ten years, in 1961. However, much of the nuclear-reactor
technology gained in this program may yet bear successful fruit in applica-
tion to flight-propulsion and space power systems.
Several points stand out from this chronology. First, we see that the
order of ten years of development time is required to assess the ability of
engineering technology to achieve true poțentialities of a complex nuclear-
flight-propulsion system, e.g., ANP. The basic rcason that the ANP
FIG. 1-1
First test of a nuclear-rocket reactor: Kiwi-A reactor operating at full power, NTS,
July 1, 1959.
(Photo courlesy of Los Alamos Scientific Laboralory, Los Alamos, N.Mex.)
program was not continued to conclusion was the fact that this ten-year
assessment did not provide assurance of meeting requirements thought
desirable for advanced manned vehicles.
far from being the simplest of
the three-nuclear aircraft, rockets, and ramjets—R. C. Briant, the director
of the ANP Project at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, held in 1954 that
"manned nuclear aircraft pose the most difficult engineering development
job yet attempted within this century." The job was simply too hard for
the then available or attainable technology.
This brings us to the second point.
During this period power-reactor
Tomort mounder war in many nlaces. both in the United States and
NUCLEAR FLIGHT PROPULSION
5
abroad. This too had its setbacks, but has led to a practical nuclear power
industry. Why the success in one area and not the other?
The answer is
simple: vastly different requirements on system mass per unit power output.
There is very little incentive to minimize the mass of ground- or ship-based
power plants, and their design features are chosen with regard to other
problems, chiefly economic, such as ease of maintenance, simplification of
fuel processing, and cheapness of construction.
In contrast, for nuclear
he overriding need to minimize he mass puse rats concaten vito
Fra. 1-2 The first nuclear-ramjet reactor: Tory-Ila reactor tested at NTS, May, 1961.
(Photo courtesy of Lawrence Radialion Laboralory, Livermore, Calif.)
requirements of system reliability. High performance needs greater
knowledge, costs more, and is more difficult to attain than is low perform-
ance. Unless commanding advantages in performance and eventual con-
current real benefits in overall system use can be shown to be attainable,
nuclear-flight-propulsion systems will not be adopted.
The requirements of space flight are so demanding that they stretch
chemical-rocket technology to the utmost. For example, a multiple-stage
chemical-rocket system as massive as a small naval cruiser is presently
required to send two or three men to the Moon with safe return.
Such a
course is reasonable only if the job must be done and there is no other way
