{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T06:32:51Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 366981, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/120465-ufo-propulsion-system-described-fall-1950-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "5eb08d12fe2ba429df3cf6e5b82850428abbb7a080db2d45d3f56b0baa6026bf"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 262, "chars": 1986, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.F.O. ANALYSIS / Cumber / Page 16
1949 (Technical Report No. 102-AC-49/15-100), which stated, in part:
"The most numerous reports indicate daytime observation of
metallic disc-like objects
roughly in diameter ten times their
thickness. 32 Some suggest
the cross-section is assymetrical and
rather like a turtle shell. Reports agree that the objects are
capable of high acceleration and velocity. They are often sighted
in groups, sometimes in formation. "33
Accurate models of flying saucers could be, and have been, made from
these detailed descriptions.
LESSONS: The physical configuration of UFO as flying disks of a 10-to-1
diameter-to-thickness ratio were Known long ago. In fact, NICAP published a
very good and detailed study on UFO which included a detailed chart of UFO
configuration types and comparative configurations with known aircraft. 34
UFO Propulsion System Described! {Fall of 1950)
In the Fall of 1950, Wilbert Brockhouse Smith, mentioned earlier in
this treatise as the head of the Canadian PROJECT MAGNET investigation of
UFO, gave very persuasive evidence of the use of magnetic fields for UFO
propulsion, based on the available descriptions from eyewitnesses. Because
his theory
explains so many physical characteristics observable by
intercepting pilots, I will quote him verbatim and at length:
32 Hal!!
Richard H. (Editor)
The UFO Evidence, 1964, The National
Investigations
Committee
Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), Washington, DC, page
143;
Keyhoe, Donald E.
‹Major, USMC-Retired), Flying Saucers from Outer
Space, 1953,
Henry Holt and Company, NY, page 138; Keyhoe, Donald E.
‹Major,
USMC-Retired), Eying saucers: Top Secret, 1960, G. P. Putnam's
Sons, NY, page 157.
33 Keyhoe, Donald E. (Major,
USMC-Retired), Elying Saucers from Outer
Space, 1953, Henry Holt and Company, NY, page 138.
34 Hall, Richard H. {Editor), Ihe UFO Evidence, 1964, The National
Investigations
Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), Washington, DC, pages
143 - 156.
9 May 1992 / 11:34

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1752, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.F.O. ANALYSIS / Cumber / Page 17
"...our experiments indicate that the true discs, which are
probably launched from
large parent ships, utilize magnetic
fields of force. And it's possible that the parent ships also use
the same source of power...
"Certainly the theory's been ridiculed... So were plans for
the aeropiane, the helicopter, jets, the A bomb - practically all
our modern
developments. I'd have doubted it myself before our
experiments.
...We've gone back to the fundamentals of electromagnetism
and examined all the old laws. We Know now it is possible to
create current by a collapse of the earth's magnetic field.
Eventually, I think, we can achieve enough current to power a
flying disc. And we plan to build such a disc.
*...These investigations appear to point the way to a new
technology in magnetics, and if the initial conclusions are
correct they offer a ready-made explanation for many of the
striking features which have been reported in connection with the
sightings of flying saucers.
"The basic premise is that it is possible to produce a
magnetic 'sink' within the earth's field; that is, a region into
which the magnetic flux will flow at a controlled rate, giving up
some of its potential energy in the process. Such a 'sink' would
have many interesting properties, such as the following:
"1. Electrical power could be obtained from the
collapse of the earth's magnetic field into the 'sink.'
"2. Powerful reaction forces could be developed in
a conducting ring surrounding the sink and offset from
it, sufficient to support a suitably designed ship and
to propel it.
"3. If the rate of flow of magnetic flux is
modulated, the resulting magnetic disturbances could be
used for communication purposes.
9 May 1992 / 11:34

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 1991, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.F.O. ANALYSIS / Cumber / Page 18
"It is curious to note that most of the descriptions of
flying saucers are in accordance with the design which would be
necessary to exploit the properties of a magnetic sink. For
example,
the
saucers are described as consisting of a large
circular disc, with a small central cabin. In this case, the sink
would
be located
in the upper central part of the cabin. The
collapsing field in cutting through the surrounding metallic ring
would induce
in it an electric current which would react with the
magnetic field which induced it, producing a force that would
a substantial vertical component. Support and propulsion of
the ship would then be a combination of this resultant force, the
airfoil action of the disc, and the interaction between eddy
currents induced in the disc by its rotation and the main fields.
"Rotation of the disc may be either deliberate, for the
induction of eddy currents, or may be incidentally caused by the
electron drag of the very large current circulating around the
disc. In any case, there is good observational evidence that the
disc appears to rotate.
"Since the lift on the saucer will be proportionate to the
product of the earth's magnetic field and the field produced by
the current induced in the disc, it follows that when the saucer
is accelerating upwards a greater force is required, and hence a
greater circulating current.
"If the circulating current is sufficiently large and the
cooling of the disc is inadequate, it may become red or even
white hot, which is in line with several reported observations.
Also, under certain conditions of operation, a very high voltage
may be built up between the center and the rim of the disc, which
could result in a corona discharge through the surrounding air,
if the saucer were at a sufficiently high altitude. Such a
discharge would resemble the Northern Lights but would be very
much more intense. This also seems to be confirmed by
observations.
9 May 1992 / 11:34

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 2006, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.F.O. ANALYSIS / Cumber / Page 19
"Navigation of such a flying saucer would be a very complex
process indeed. In the first place, the earth's magnetic field
makes all
sorts of angles with the horizontal, depending upon
geographical latitude and peculiar local conditions. Thus the
direction of the force which results from the interaction of the
earth's field and the field of the disc may be in almost any
direction.
"Furthermore, the tilt of the saucer to get the reaction
force in the wanted direction most probably will result in
aerodynamic forces in some other direction, Navigation therefore
will resolve
into a determination of the field direction,
comparison with the direction in which it is desired to move, and
analysis of the aerodynamic forces which would result from such a
motion - and, finally, a suitable correction in the initial tilt
of the saucer and flow of magnetic flux.
"It is doubtful if a human pilot could manage to do all this
at the speed which would be necessary to maneuver a saucer at the
speeds and
through the intricate motions which have been
observed, It is therefore highly probable that the saucer control
systems are semi- if not fully automatic. There are many reports
of saucers hovering in one spot for some time. For a saucer
designed to operate as described, this would probably be its
easiest maneuver. It would be necessary merely to adjust the flux
flow and the tilt until the resultant force exactly balanced the
weight of the saucer. There would be little or no aerodynamic
problem in this case.
"There is no indication that the accelerations to which a
saucer crew would be subjected would be any different from the
accelerations experienced in any other type of aireraft going
through the same maneuvers, Those authorities who have been
consulted say that even Einstein's Unified Field Theory does not
indicate that gravity can be neutralized or the inertia of matter
overcome. Where saucers have been observed to execute close turns
9 May 1992 / 11:34

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 1989, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.F.O. ANALYSIS / Cumber / Page 20
and other maneuvers which would result in large accelerations,
it is
most probable that such saucers are remotely controiled and
do not contain living matter as we know it.
*...Most of
the effects are caused by the disc's rotation,
though sometimes a corona discharge is the cause. In the first
place,
probabiy
many discs aren't seen at all, especially at
night. If they're not heating up from rotation, and there's no
corona discharge, you wouldn't see one unless it was caught in a
searchlight beam or you saw its metal surface shining in the
moonlight.
"...Now let's assume a rotating ring begins to speed up, so
that it overheats from its movement through the magnetic field.
At first, out of the darkness, you'd see a pale pink - if the
speed-up was not too rapid. Then the color would brighten to red,
orange-red, through yellow to the glow of white-hot metal. If you
slowly heat any metal you 11 see the same changes...
"Now if the ring's rotation was very swiftly accelerated,
the human eye couldn't catch the rapid changes. It would go from
red to white too quickly. The same holds true when the rotation
is reduced. If the slowing is gradual, you '11 see the various
stages as the saucer turns yellow, orange, red, pink, and finally
becomes dark. But
if the rotation were abruptly slowed or
stopped, the cooling effect of the air, especially at high speed,
would be very swift. You could get the impression that the light
had actually been turned off.
"...Under certain atmospheric conditions you'll get the
Northern Light
colors. At different heights a certain shade would
predoninate. For instance, at relatively low altitudes, any
corona discharge would be very short in length and you'd see more
of a blue-white color. Somewhat higher, it would be green, or
bluish green. Higher still, you might see all the normal corona
colors - red, yellow, blue, and green.
*If the ring were overheating, could you still see a corona
9 May 1992 / 11:34

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 312, "chars": 1891, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.F.D. ANALYSIS / Cumber / Page 21
discharge?...
*Ordinarily, a bright red or white glow would nullify it.
But if the
rotation speed was only moderate, you might get a
reddish color tinged with blue. Higher up, you'd be more likely
to see
a red
shade, from heating, tinged with green or bluish
green. It would most likely be a rather hazy effect instead of
precise
colors. In the majority of cases, however, you could
expect just
the red-orange white range, and the reports bear that
out...
"It explains the daytime variations, too. It's fairly
clear, from the reports, that the discs are
made of some
silvery-colored metal, In sunshine they gleam like conventional
aircraft. But there are color changes in daytime, when the
saucers maneuyer or suddenly speed up. Many of them have been
described as turning red or getting white-hot - also the reverse.
However, in bright sunlight it's harder to detect the changes -
and to recognize the disc shape, too...
"There is an area of possible danger. ..With a disc 100 feet
in diameter, for instance, there will be two fairly large fields
of magnetic force around
it while it's in operation. If it were
to fly low over this city - let's say at 500 feet - eddy currents
would be induced in power lines and metal surfaces. It could blow
fuses, perhaps even burn out wires. The danger zone might even be
larger; possibly it would extend for a thousand feet. I believe
it's the main reason discs have avoided flying low over inhabited
areas.
"...if a pilot did fly into a region where a magnetic field
was collapsing, it would produce eddy currents in his plane.
"At a moderate distance it would merely throw off his
direction finder and compass. If he were fairly close, it could
affect his ignition and set up strong vibrations in his plane. It
might even cause a fire, But the plane would have to be well
inside the danger zone.
9 May 1992 / 11:34

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 294, "chars": 1872, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.F.D. ANALYSIS / Cumber / Page 22
"Could the vibrations cause a plane to disintegrate?...
"Possibly...But it would have to be extremely close with a
100-foot disc. A larger one, rotating at high speed, would have a
greater danger zone, of course.
•..Ün a
sunny day a disc could be bright red from rotation,
but seen
close to the sun it would appear as just a brilliant
object. Also, any corona effect would be much dimmer in daylight.
The farther from the sun, the more of the true color you'd see.
"On a cloudy day, people have seen the actual color changes.
At first a dist which isn't heating up will look silvery - or
gray, on a very dark day. Then increased rotation will give it a
reddish tint, and on through orange to white. And of course the
reverse, as rotation decreases.
"...oscillation would be caused by the disc's adjustment to
changing magnetic fields. In a formation, you '1l sometimes see
individual saucers wobble in succession as they pass through
different fields...
"A few
people have reported hearing ther...But most
sightings, I think, have been at altitudes higher than witnesses
thought - so high
that you wouldn't hear anything. In two or
three cases, when
discs passed overhead at a moderately low
altitude, people have said they heard a swish. And of course if
you were very near a saucer on the ground, or if it was hovering
close to the earth, you'd undoubtedly hear a humming sound from
the rotation. That is, unless other sounds - like a train passing
by - drowned it out. *35
Here is a fairly complete "layman's description" of the power source
and propulsion system of the flying saucer! It lay buried in the library
for decades, but now it gives a lead on where to find the information on
35 Keyhoe, Donald E. (Major, USM-Retired), Flying Saucers from Outer
Space, 1953, Henry Holt and Company, NY, pages 131 - 144.
9 May 1992 / 11:34

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 344, "chars": 2286, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.F.D. ANALYSIS / Cumber / Page 23
the subject. Now, just
imagine how much hob a rip-snorting thunderstorm
could do to such a magnetically propelled vehicle, and remember that the
previously
described
Roswell
crash
occurred during a very severe
thunderstorm! Also,
the prospects of duplicating UFO performance in a
manmade
vehicle would have been impossible until the development of modern
computer
technology. Remember, also, that the Roswell wreckage included
much
evidence of
fiberoptics, possibly indicating that the strong magnetic
fields generated by the
power system preclude the use of regular control
circuitry and computer wiring. The Canadian project did do some laboratory
tests with a rotating disc in late 1951, but the work was classified and it
is unlikely that any results were ever published.36 It would be of
inestimable value to be able to obtain copies of the internal, Canadian
Government reports of these tests, including the complete and detailed
scientific explanations of the theory, the detailed designs of the test
vehicles and the detailed results of the tests! Consider, also, how this
same technology could possibly be applied to revolutionize the stationary
power generation industry: we are speaking here of a possible non-polluting
source of essentially inexhaustible electrical energy! Also consider what
effects this unique power/propulsion system may have on radars trying to
track it.
LESSONS: Enough data existed, even back then, to understand at least
the theory of how the UFO operated. Could the "old laws" examined have had
anything to do with the work of Tesla, who is known to have done some very
strange
things involving ground-based power generation that had effects
similar to what we know of UFO phenomena? The only reason we've been fooling
around with expensive and wasteful, "reaction engine" vehicles for so long
probably is because we have been heretofore unable to duplicate the power
and control
systems, and probably the materials used in the manufacture of
a "saucer" ship. When you look at all the areas that this type of
electromagnetic
"sink"
power system will affect, once it becomes
36 Keyhoe, Donald E. (Major, USMC-Retired), Flying Saucers from Outer
Space, 1953, Henry Holt and Company, NY, page 144.
9 May 1992 / 11:34

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 314, "chars": 2193, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.F.D. ANALYSIS / Cumber / Page 24
commercially viable, it is "Katy bar the door": such a revolution may be
delayed in
order to reduce the economic impact on the society! It may also
explain
, some strange anomalies which have been observed by those trying to
track UFO
on radar. In addition, Wilbert Brockhouse Smith will undoubtedly
go down in history alongside Sir Isaac Newton, Albert Einstein, et al.
The Washington National Sightings (19 & 26 Jul. 1952)
On 19 and 26 Jul 1952, flying saucers swarmed through the airspace of
Washington, DC, in what became known as the Washington National Sightings,
after Washington National Airport, on whose radar they first appeared. This
series of sightings all involved multiple witnesses and multiple radar
trackings. Radars at Washington National, Bolling AFB, and Andrews AFB all
tracked the UFO, some flying in formation and others, alone, Speeds ranged
from hovering to over 8,000 miles per hour. On several occasions, more than
one of
these radars
including both ground and airborne radars) were
tracking the same objects, which does not occur with temperature inversion
targets, Intercepts
were
tried, but without notable success: the targets
real, but they were of such superior performance that they could avoid
the
interceptors at will, The Air Force tried to brush them off as
temperature inversions, but the inversions on the nights in question were
по more
than a degree and a half Fahrenheit, or about one-sixth the amount
required to produce even the most rudimentary false targets.37
LESSONS: Even
if you disregard the Roswell Recovery, the Washington
National Sightings clearly demonstrate the reality of technologically
superior aerospace vehicles, and disproves claims of "temperature
inversion" as the cause for otherwise unexplainable sightings.
Limited Declassification of UFO Wreakage to Civilians (1952 - 1954)
At several points along the way, consideration was given to the
37 Keyhoe, Donald E. ‹Major, USMC-Retired), Elying Saucers trom uuter
Space, 1953, Henry Holt and Company, NY, pages
62 - 89; Randle, Kevin D.
‹Captain, USAF-Retired), Ihe UFO Casebook, 1989, Warner Books, Inc., NY,
pages 69 - 74.
9 May 1992 / 11:34

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2308, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.F.O. ANALYSIS / Cumber / Page 25
possibility of "coming clean" about the entire UFO situation. According to
all
reports, at least two of these reassessments included the limited
declassification of the vehicle remains to a carefully selected group of
civilians, so that their reactions could be appraised. 38 It was from a
reassessment such as this that sporadic "leaks", over the years, may have
come to pass: a Joseph Rohrer, President of Pike's Peak Broadcasting
Company in Pueblo, Colorado claimed to have been allowed (prior to 19 Aug
1952) into one
of several disks which the US Government had in its
possession. 39 Another such leak, from a later and similar experiment,
revealed
more about who was being chosen for these "reaction" tests: a
Gerald Light of Los Angeles was taken to Muroc (Edwards Air Force Base)
sometime just prior to 16 Apr 1954, along with Franklin Allen of the
Hearst papers, Eduin Nourse of the Brookings Institute, and Catholic Bishop
(later Cardinal) James F. A. McIntyre of Los Angeles. Light claimed to have
been
at Muroc for some 48 hours, and to have seen no less than five
distinct types of UFO under investigation by US Air Force personnel,
supposedly with the permission of their builders!40 It is both astounding
and
unfortunate
that
none of the early civilian UFO investigators ever
followed up
on these leads! By the time later investigators rediscovered
the early leaks and picked up the trail, all the principal witnesses had
long since expired.
LESSONS: There were many "leaks" in the supposedly "air tight" security
surrounding governmental UFO investigations. These glimpses "behind the
curtain" indicate far more Knowledge than the government has ever admitted
in public. It also
argues that there were some very serious internal
38 Berlitz, Charles and Moore, William L., Ihe Roswel! Incident: The
Classic Study
UFO. Contact,
originally
published
in 1980, reprinted
(paperback) in 1988, Berkley Books, NY, pages 131 - 135.
39 Keyhoe,
Donald E. (Major, USMC-Retired), Flying Saucers from Outer
Space, 1953, Henry Holt and Company, NY, pages 111 - 112.
Classic Study
all Berlitz, Charlo and Moore, wittan Le The Boswell Aneidents The
Contact,
originally published
in 1980, reprinted
(paperback) in 1988, Berkley Books, NY, pages 131 - 135.
9 May 1992 / 11:34

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 319, "chars": 2190, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.F.D. ANALYSIS / Cumber / Page 2ó
disputes about "going public" about UFO matters, during which those
favoring continued secrecy managed to "load the dice" in their favor by
insisting
on "cold" disclosure:
none of these witnesses underwent any
careful preparation for the revelations which they received, so it is no
wonder that severe reactions occurred, which would only reinforce the hand
of what NICAP members used to call the "Silence Group" in government
circles. It is unfortunate that this is also an indictment of the apathy
and indolence of the early civilian UFO investigatory organizations, in
that these "golden opportunities" were never adequately pursued! I ardently
hope and pray that
this last lesson has thoroughly "sunk in" to the modern
civilian investigators.
Ihe CIA Report of UFO Size and Flight Characteristics (14 Aug 1952)
A CIA Special Study on UFO conducted regular briefings in the early
1950s. The briefing document of 14 Aug 1952, classified "secret" at the
time, revealed that some of these vehicles were obuiously remote control
devices only 2 or 3 feet across, with most of the ones thought to be
"manned" vehicles estimated at 100 feet in diameter, but with a whole range
of sizes up to as much as 1,000 feet in diameter. Velocities ranged from
hovering up to 18,000 miles per hour, and altitudes from ground level on up
to cislunar space. In high speed maneuvers, the "manned" craft exhibited 20g
turns. 41
Top
speeds, at altitudes as low as 18,000 feet, were solidiy
pegged by radar tracking of visually confirmed UFD at a minimum of 9,000
miles per hour!42 This CIA briefing was apparently prepared before the
data from
the Pan American-Norfolk (Nash-Fortenberry) Sighting (14 Jul
1952) had been thoroughly analyzed; a formation of apparently manned UFO
traversed a distance of some 50 miles in no more than 15 seconds, at an
altitude of approximately 2,000
feet, executing a violent 150 degree turn
41 Good, Timothy,
Above Top Secret: The Worldwide UFo Cover-up, 1989,
Quill Books, NY, pages 331 - 332.
42 Keyhoe, Donald E. ‹Major,
USMC-Retired). Elying Saucers from Outer
Space, 1953, Henry Holt and Company, NY, pages 161 - 165.
9 May 1992 / 11:34
