{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T03:24:12Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 265166, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/120502-flying-saucers-superconducting-whirls-of-plazma.pdf", "source_sha256": "c6a71cdd7416c29f3320569d03ce6f14156cdfdde21e4b1995ab86bf8ca62ef3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 787, "chars": 5097, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Flying Saucers-Superconducting
Whirls Of Plasma
Hans Lauritzen
In the following article you will find one of the best-kept secrets of modern times - and with
its publication, it no longer remains o secret. This secret is the answer to the question
most asked of the editors of FLYING SAUCERS: "What are the flying saucers?'' Here is
the answer, but only in part. The reader is warned that what he is about to read may be
technical in its languoge, but the editors believe it is stoted simply enough to be under-
standable to the readers of FLYING SAUCERS. To physicists (who are referred to the bib-
liography), she facts contained in this article will be obvious and unchallengable. In future
¿ issues, FLYING SAUCERS intends to continué this "definition" of flying saucers, and
prove that the editors have been correct from the beginning in insisting the UFO is native
to this planet, and not from interplonetary space. 'The editors invite scientists the world
over to examine the focts presented here, to engoge in further research, and to aid us in
placing the riddle of the UFO where it belongs - in the realm of scientific reality, backed
up by the scientific method: The editors of FLYING SAUCERS believe they are making
history with this article, and with future enlargement of the demonstrable facts and theories
contained therein. After nineteen years of mystery, a break-through has been made!
During recent years research on two important qualitles: the number prisoned in their own magnetic fields
magnetohydrodynamics
- has of revolutions per plasma density is
(and those of the other neighboring
provided humanity with a great num- so high that the number of distant-
ber, of discoveries of new physical, encounter collisions per second ex-
whirls). That is why a ring-shaped
current can remain stable indefin-
phenomeną. It has not been possible
ceeds the gyro-frequency, the cork-
itely and at the same time emit"
e to predict these phenomena. We find
cut takes place, so to speak, trans-
powerful hydrodynamic shock waves
ourselves at the beginning of a start-
forming the extremely tight spirals
ling"
without a 'supply of energy. These.
_development,
whose
conse-
into a great number of ring-shaped
ring currents of superconducting
quences are, of immense, Importance.
plasma whirls. These ring-shaped
plasma present certain analogies
¡ for, the future of humanity on planet
Earth.
plasma whirls are superconducting.
with the ring currents created In
As the electrical potential in them
superfluid helium (below 2.2 degrees
•When 'a plasma is compressed by
is enormous and now does not en-
K) when bombarded with alpha par-
very strong magnetic fields, it has a
counter any resistance, very power-
ticles, and with smoke rings.
tendency to form special shapes
ful hydromagnetic shock waves are
Because of these dramatic ma-
(plasmoids). The shapes assumed by
emitted.
croscopic quantum effects exhibited
plasmoids are, unexpectedly rich and
For many years superconductors
have provided information consider-
were thought of simply as substances
by
the superconducting
Ting
currents, they can under certain
*tably in advance of the ability of theory
whose electrical resistance vanishes
conditions pave their way through the
to predict. A commonly observed
below a certain temperature. This
containers and escape from the
* hydromagnetic property of plasma
concept met with a number of minor
laboratories without interruption of
is the tendency of the plasma spon-
but «significant difficulties, which
their coherent state of motion:, They
taneously to form shreds or. thin
filaments.
These filaments often
eventually led to the realization that
will then follow magnetic lines of
superconductivity represents a state
force.
form spirals in the container or mag-
of matter in which a large number
In a separate paper I have mens
netic "bottles in which the plasma
of electrons are in a coherent state tioned that such ring currents
are
is accelerated.
of motion. Such a state can persist
When a plasma with high electri-
created in the magnetosphere due ti
indefinitely in flagrant violation of
to the interaction of ionized parti-
cal potential la conpressed byavery
the clasaical law that a circulating
cle waves from the sun and the geo-
strong magnetic field, and when at relectron must lose energy by radla-
magnetic fleld. Earth's inagnetic
the Bame time'a very
strong magi
tion.
lines' of force trap the waves of
¿ netic field, is created' inside and a-
' A typical property of supercon- charged particles and cause them to ?
H long the axis of the column of plasma,
ductors is their impenetrability for
move in spirals. Under certain con-"
the particles of the plasma will move'
magnetism.
As the ring-shaped ditions the spirals become so tight "s
in tight spirals around and along the whirls of plasma are super-conduct- that huge stable superconducting ring
magnetic lines of force. Associated
ing, magnetic fields cannot penetrate currents
are created. Whentthe
with this corkscrew movement are them, and they are actually im- superconducting ring currents con-
10 +

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 920, "chars": 6449, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sist, of trapped low-energy protons,
able of giving rise to compression
latent universal porential hasicon-
: they cause electromagnetic radiation
and rarefaction of particles. The free
siderable conceptual
merit, intast
at frequencies of about one cycle
electrons
in' a current will thus, much as it also conforms to cosmoss
per second. And ring currents of
change their density. Now, the be-
logic concepts and to universal con-
• trapped electrons give frequencies
havior of electrons in a metal
stants.
in the audible range, which is from
follows the rules of Fermi statistics,
The following literature is re-
20. cycles
to
15,000 cycles per
according to which the energy of
commended:,
second.
The luminous phenomena
electrons is always related to their
Malcolm
MeChesney:: "Shocky
are , aiso
called
"HASER"!
an
density. Thus when the density of the
Waves and High Temperatures"
*'acronym standing for Hydromagnętic
electrons in a metal is disturbed,
Scientific American, February 1963;
Amplification
by
Stimulated
E- the distribution of their energies is
(415. Madison Avenue, New York
'mission of Radiation. It is to be also disturbed.
Electric currents
N. Y: 10017, USA).
* remembered that the particles are
will be stopped causing black-out
Henry H. Kolm and Arthus J,
in a coherent state of motion in of electric powered machines and
Freeman:
'Intense
Magnetic
"the ring currents.
instruments. To re-establish the e-
Fields", Scientific American, April
1, A great number of ring currents
quilibrium distribution a certainre- 11965.
* are often combined in huge luminous.
laxation time is required. Then the
"Outer
Atmosphere, Emits
cigar-shaped fields, but they can
electric powered devices will reas-
‹ i also separate and appear as smaller sume their function as if nothing had
Laser-Like Light", Science Newa,
September 17, 1966, (Scientific Ser-
my oval shapes or quite small luminous
*4, balls. Due to perturbations of the
happened, Such black-outs are some
vice, inc., 1719 N St., N. W., Wash-
of the most reported effects during
ington, D. C. 20036, USA).
¡ magnetic, lines of force they can move
close approach of UFO s.
Harold W...Lewis: 'Ball Light-
'nearer to the surface of Earth. Such
Two theories have been put for-
ning", Scientific American, 'March
strange bright lights (Unidentified
ward in order to explain the enor-
* Flying Objects) have been seen by
mous amounts of energies released
1963.
Richard D. Mattuck: "Supraled-
"re millions of people. The shapes Ie-
by hydrodynamic plasma. The first
"hing", Ingeniøren-Forskning,
15,
*y ported correspond very well to the
one says that there are hidden or
August 1966, Teknisk Forlag A/S,
• shapes of superconducting ring cur- uncounted extra positive and negative
(Skelbaekgade 4, Copenhagen V; Den-
rents" As they are very sensitive charges and hidden or uncounted
mark).
* to magnetic lines of force, they have magnetic movement in the plasma,
*y sotten been reported hovering over
Frederick H. Mueller: 'Magne-:
The second theory says that the ener-
tohydrodynamics", Selective Bib:
' of moving along powerful electric
gies are released when the hydro-
liography of 124 reports during the
* current wires. When following the
magnetic whirls of plasma assume
period of 1950 to September 1960;
* i magnetic lines of force of Earth, the
the same geometric dimensions as
U. S. Department of Commerce, (Na-
path will look like a zigzag line.
the electrohydromagneric threads
tional Bureau of Standards, Insti-
*. They will: also tend to move along
appropriate for an elementary par-
tute for Applied Technology, Clear-
i certain geographic lines
because
ticle.
The Mach principle taken into
inghouse for Federal Scientific.and
of deviations of the geomagnetic
consideration, the self energy of any
Technical Information, Springfield,
field due to deposits of magnetic
elementary
particle
must
be
Virginia, 22151, USA).
material in the Earth (orthotheny).
described within the framework of
Luther H. Hodges: "Magnetohy-
i * UFO s are often changing, color
the universe as a whole: The universe
drodynamics", Selective Bibliogra-
when changing speed. In the super- is considered as a transient stage
phy of 185 reports during the period
ficonducting ring currents the light in which a translent fatent universal
of August 1960 to January 1962,.
Luis emitted by electrons that exhibit potential
transformed
U. S, Department of Commerce. +
•, coherent wave properties over ma- quanticized active local energies by
"Plasma Study of Lockheed Air-
croscopic
dimensions,
And
a processes inside elementary par-
craft Corporation", Science News-
yu magnetic. field is capable of varying
ticles. Now when we know that the
letter, November 6, 1965, (Science
the energy of quantum levels and
energies are released during a su-
Service, Inc.).
" hence the frequency of the emitted
perconducting state of plasma, the
Klaus Dransfeld: "Kllomegacy-
light, as well as reducing drastic-
first theory can be 'ruled out defin- ¡cle Ultrasonics'
, Scientific Ameri-
ally the threshold for the onser of
itely. The second theory is still valid.
can, June 1963.
" laser action.
The superconducting state of elec-
Pietro Banna: 'Il Princilio di
• * Many other strange phenomena
trohydromagnetic threads in par-
Scambio (Banna) e 1 Suci Rapporti,
accompany the UFO s. The strong
ticles and of coherent whiris of ele-
con la Relativita Finale di: Fantap-
hydromagnerism
gives magneto- mentary particles present us only
pie-Arcidiacono", Centre Européen
'optic, reflection and absorption, so with the information on how infinite
pour les Recherches sur la Gravię
that the ring currents can look solid
amounts of energies can be released,
ration, (Via Borghesano Lucches :24,
and metallic: Also magneto-acoustic but it does not provide us with any
Rome, Italy). Supplement au, Cahier
4 " effects are common. In the super- information on why and from where
"G"'n, 15, 1965.
conducting ring currents the elec- the energies are coming.. Any hypo-
Winston H. Bostick: *The Gravi
trons
are in. a"coherent
state of
thesis
saying that the superconduc-
tationally-Stąbilized Hydromagnețic
i symotion thus producing coherent elec- tivity in itself possesses self-energy
Model of the Elementary Particle!!
/', tromagnetic waves as well as hy- infinites must be considered as ir-
Gravity Research Foundation, (New
drodynamic shock waves are cap- relevant, The theory on a transient
Boston, Noill., 03070, USA, gift
