{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T14:25:34Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 521771, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/120536-hercules-interoffice-memo-from-bacchus-works-magna-ut-12-1989-re-dia-zpe-6th-meeting-with-ref-to-japanese-soviet-joint-exploration-of-space-and-zpe-technologies.pdf", "source_sha256": "f8919257dfc1e9e6c3cd41f8a707a80a2d2eb2bd62bca76d94cb624bdd995f8e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1588, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* 4 ' 7:7
HERCULES
Interoffice Men
Bacchus Works
"Magna,
utah
L Decenber 1989.
*7.
SUBJECI:
.71
KEY WORDS:
Zero Point Enersy,
Defense Intelligence Agency Meeting l Decenbor !
1989+ washington, D.C.
Radar; Medical x-rays; Tesla coils; cold fusion; Propulsion,
Satellite Jaunch agreements; Japanese - soviet joint exploration of " 1%
space.
SULKARY
states, interest 1s 64e to the rest once of tavest to gotte soviet not
and their ability to apply the results of Tesla's experiments to this area:
¡The whole area is considered a fundamental enabling technology.
i resolution, flat displays exhibiting no degradation with age and able to be
in seen in high light situations, is a result of the application of condensed
charged technology which is nothing more than another name for zero point
resistant to electromagnețic propagation.
not limited by charge carrier density which means perhaps a hundred fold
*apsrease in the opeed of presant day computers.
A new algebra referred to
as
"Clifford"' algebra is necessary to calculate what is referred to as the "A
"fields' and polarization modulation.
The gauge group is SU-2, which means
¡ charges do not repel.
Ihe "A potential' is a gauge field and has not
the
affected any of our present day electrical engineering.
It is not a
mathematical convenience, as is the choice of Heaviside vector notation to
describe Maxwell's equations.
Verifying the existence of 'A vector fields'. fa
¿curl-free vector potential) is difficult. in experiment using a forroidal s
"coit shielded against the 'B fields' was described.
A Josephson detector has .;

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 520, "chars": 3339, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Zero Point Energy, Defense Intelligence Agency Meeting I December, 1989,
Washington, D.C.
Page -2-
it is i
been designed to verify the existence of the "A field'. The application of
zero point energy. in scaler fields to devices employing cathodes means the
cathodes last almost 20 years.
Ihe so-called "Kraysnoiars* Radar", the
subject of recent concern to the United States, is not a radar but is a scaler
transmitter to transfer SU-z power to satellites and then on to Moscow.
We in
; this country tend to look at laser technology; the soviets are more involved
.. with
electromagnetic radiation effects. Ihere is an error in the information.!:
originally transmitted describing input power and output power. The input
power is 700 watts, not 100 watts, as originally described. The output power
is not 3,000 kilowatts. But rather 3,000 watts. The power levels are still
: impressive, regardless of the misinforation originally given.
The tube:.
involved in the generation of this power was originally described by Tesia and
used by him in his Colorado Springs experinents.
An agreement was álso
¡ described between the Soviets and: Japan, where the soviets would furnish the
heavy launch capability țo place a joint soviet-Japanese space station in low
earth orbit, with subsequent, bases on the moon
Soviets would provide the beavy 1ft espablity and he puree yote as.2 on
¡zero point energy for the joint space station.
The Japanese will supply all
the technology for the moon base, the space station, and the trip to Mars
program.
The feeling is the soviets want to tie all of furope togethers The
soviets will get manufacturing technology with everyone else involved getting
i technology from the Soviet Union.
DId projects the French space company.
Ariane, will tie up 100 commercial launches over the next decade. Ihey
»presently have 75 launches.
The concern on the part of the DIA is this leaves
15 military launches for the United States. The general consensus of opinion
of the attendees at the meeting was that due to our being too security.
conscious regarding our space launch complexes, it simply takes us too lont to
'launch a conmercial satellite.
DETAILS:
BACKGROUND IO MEETINGS.
This neeting was the ith meeting in a series. The
other meeting dates were i
[February 1988; | July 1988; November 1988; March
1989; and June 1989.
Dr.
•of the DIA transferred all responsibility for
future meetings to Dr.i
Will be retiring in December,
***
but will be retained by the DIA to advisel
I on this area, The
Intelligence Research and Development Council (IRDC), a government
organization composed of DIA, Joint Chiefs of Staff and other organizations;
has identified zero point energy/scaler wave technology as an "up and coming"
i area.
The DIA would like to classify the entire area; the research community
feels classification at this time is premature. Ihe concept is based on
Tesla's material presently in the hands of both the United States and the
Yugoslaves; the latter having passed it on to the Soviet Union. Iesla felt
. there was energy to be tapped in the cosmos. Jero point energy is kinețię
* energy. The question which needs an answer is simply:. Is zero point energy
¿real or virtual?
If it is virtual, then the energy will de difficult to tap
"into. Fields drive particle ""iEBles" and the "riggles" generate

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 499, "chars": 3382, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
zero Point Energy. Defense Intelligence Agency Meeting l December 1689,
Washington, D.C.
Page =3-
electromagnetic fielde: The amount of energy of the cosmos, if it can ber:
tapped!
should be
enormous.' Ihe Undersecretary of Defense has been briefed on
tres area.: Because ofythe potential, the office of the Secretary of Defense
reordered research prlorities and placed zero point energy/scaler waves into
second place...
This would be a good time for Hercules to become involved in an
up and coming technology.
not necessarily related to either materials or
propulsion, but which could form a fallback position, should either of our
pròminent strategies fail.
ZERO ENERGY/SCALER HAVE APPLICATIONS: The whole area of zero point
venergy/scaler waves can be classified as condensed charge technology (CÇT).
The general feeling is CCT represents a fundamental enabling technolosy. !
Sevebal organizations are doing the theoretical work on this area.. These
studies indicate radars can be developed having 'frequencies steatér than or:
¿equal to 90 Giz, enersy storage devices very similar to capacitors or
superconductivity; medical devices, high frequency connunication techniques
Mien are virtually secure without any further, encryption, and electromagnetic
propagation-free devices»" Present limitations to electronic devices result
because charge carrier densitles build up and 1imit the speed of these.
devices. Both high charge and high power densities can be obtained from s
electron droplet condensed charge beads - 1012 electrons in about i mieron
diameter (called "E" beads). If more electrons are involved, then a beaded
chain is: obtained containing 1012 electrons; 100 beads to the chain contain
1075 electrons.
The physical evidence for these chains.
is found in electron
beans, which arrive in spots of about I micson in diameter. Low voltage vacuun
‚also show cathode spot phenonenon (Laferty's book entitled "Vacuum hres"
illustrates many of these phenomenon). Similar results are obtained in air as
Sin vacuun. The charge arrives in discreet bundles.: Any extra beads tend to
hit in the center of the ring. Ihe charge density determines the ring size.
¡These discreet bundles are also seen in cosnic effects where elementary
particles are made from quarks. The feeling was also expressed that the
•Casimier effect generates żero point enerzy.
The Casimier effect is a driving
« force which forces two plätes of a capacitor together with tremendous force
"over extremely short distances which are on the order of microns.
Ihese":
forces can also be seen as quantum noise in an oscillator,
The universe as
a
whole is a cavity with enerzy equivalent of 1094 grams/em, a value
calculated for this effect.
Zero point energy is completely homogenous and isotropic. Spontaneous
„emission is caused by zero point energy and the Lamb shift of I GHz is readily
explained from theories regarding zero point energy. Gravitational effects
Nare considered residual effects fron zero point enerty.
and therefore not a!
Strue force.
This statement alone, if proven, will rewrite the physics books.
The proverbial question why, doesn't the electron blow itself up" can se
answered using zero point energy concepts.
The radiation pressure fron zero
point energy holds it together.
Zero point energy is scalable and instead of
being modeled as a sphere, should be modeled as a Taurus.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 497, "chars": 3235, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(
Zero Point Energy,
Defense Intelligence Agency Meeting I December 1989.
Washington, D.C.
Page - 4-
SOURCES OF ZERO POINT ENERGY.
, Zero point energy deyices use a cathode and
an anode at opposite
: ends of a tube. The signal is taken off the anode side
• with a load resistor to ground. : Along one side of the tube (which, car be
glass or plastic), a plate or a half cylinder 1s placed and grounded.
cathode is a point of material resting against another plate which l's wetted
' with mercury:
In addition, a separator Is employed to hold back ions so just
‹ the zero point energy flows through. Wave guides are manufactured by cutting
a groove in a plastic and the charge follows the contour of the grove. Flat
panel displays can be manufactured this way using very fine lines to enhance
resolution. The charge literally flows through the cut grooves in the
screen.
Electron bean machining apparatus is a good source of
zero point...
епетву.
• Japanese, for instançe, have used electron bear machining for
turbo pump impelleis on their liquid rocket engines. The French used a
sinilar machining operatioo The generation of the various ring structures
created craters nd in each crater a crack was formed which was nothing more
than a stress riser.
When the part was used several times.
both for. testing
and flights, the part.
disintegrated. Low technology nachining techniques do
well however, because no craters are forged. er 407719
An x-ray device using zero point anerty was also described.
Very
similar to the cathode device, described above, 10 KeV accelerated electrons
yielded greater than 10 MeV radlation. However, an input of 3 KV yielded only
3 KeV X-rays.
The EV velocity is 0.I e; the charge is 10°g.
The pulse
" length was 1.4 ma at 1.1 nano seconds (100 cycles) peak power radiated.
For flat panel displays, 20 micron channels give 8,000 lines per inch.
DARPA presently is under contract to one of the companies for a device using
zero point energy and flat panels. Bob Forward has proposed extracting energy
from the vacuum using the Casinier effect.
Basically, 2 plates are allowed to
explosively come together due to zero point energy forcing then together.
After the plates come together explosively and generate their heat, they
are
discarded. Another use would be as a traveling wave tube where the cathode
and anode
and the joining glass tube are surrounded by a helix. This is the
type of a tube used by Iesla/Colorado Springs to generate an uncontrolled
tapping of zero point energy. Regrettably, Jesla could not control the zero
point energy he tapped into and it fed back through his apparatus into the :
central power station and caused the generators to cateh fire.
THEORETICAL CONSIDERATIONS OF ZERO POINT ENERGY. The field caused by zero
point energy is referred to as an "A field".
The symmetry group is su-? which
implies that charge does not repel . Ihe A fields are Abellan groups, which
means 1 X 2 equals
2X1, which equals zero.
(Non-abelian groups, 2 X 1 is
inot equal to 1% X 'The A field is referred to as a potential gauge field of
"SU-2 symnetry.
Present day electrical engineering books either omit or just
briefly mention the existence of the A fields. Heaviside interpretation of
= "o

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 560, "chars": 3718, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Zero Point Energy, Defense Intelligence Agency Meeting A Décember 1989,
Washington, D.C.
page 5-
Maxwell's equationstis used as a mathematical convenience in present
electrical, engineering courses.
In
order to solve Maxwell's equations withouț:
loosing the information contained in the A fields, CLIFFORD algebra, which
¿includes parts of Hamilton's quaternion theory, is necessary. " The entire
¡field of quantum physics is based on the physical significance of the A
field. No longer is
"It possible to talk in terns of 3 dimensions - 4
dinensions are necessary to describe the A fields.
Ihis is because the
matrices describing the
Stokes parameters are 2 * 2; there are two of these
matrices which means 4 dimensions.. Al1 the transients involved are su-2
symnetry.
Both. the amplitude and the frequencies do vary. A mathenatical way
to visualize the amplitude and frequency variations is to use a Poincaire..
'sphere with the amplitude changing rotation along the latitudes and!..
polarization changing along the longitudes.
solitons (a non-linear vive
¡traveling through a mediun) are also SU-2 symnetry. In su-z form, charge does
not repel: (see Gilmore's book on 'Group Theory' for further information). An
interesting point is that magnetic
charge does not exist in su-2 symetry and
when su-2 symnetsy is broken, the magnetic charge doesn't come with it. The
transformations necessary in CLIFFORD algebra are refegred to as Loxodronic
transformațions.: This basically means tow do you convert geonetric inages
pertaining to scaling on a noral course into algebrajo expressions.
: Quaternions aje the mathematies of SU-? group. but quaternions conserve...
everything and never seem to converge.
CLIFFORD's algebra Is best and leads
to the more faniliar smith charts with which electrical engineers are
familiar. The original Tesla coils, for instance,
were able to generate
¡flelds of SU-2 symmetry. "However, the coils described in Jesla's papers do
not senerate A fields of SU-2 symmetry as do those he personally built:
We
are attempting to obțain an original Iesla wound coil which we will y-ray to
isee if the windings are counter wound.
Counter winding the coll windings
would allow A flelds to be generated.
VERIPICATION OF "A" VECIOR FIBLDS. Ihe "A" Vector field is referred to as a
curl free vector potential. A Tortoidal coil which is shielded to reduce any
"go field interference has
• been designed.
Stainless steel wave guides are
used in conjunction with this torroidal coil and its detector to cut down on
heat transfer,
both from and to liquid helium.
A Josephson detector lis ușed
to detect the "'" field Interaction with scaler fields.
Because the lA"
vector is a scaler wave potential, the comnon electromagnetic antenna may not
bé used. The Soviet literature describes such a device and apparently is in
• every day use in their communications.
The "A" field effects only phase
shifty: Because of this, an "A" field vector can get through metals and could
be used as a bomb detection device.
Another opportunity would be to design
non-nuclear rods for existing nuclear power stations to generate heat using..
wai fields. A device Is also under development to sterilize and renove the
dead bacteria from medical instruments.
viruses are also destroyed by the "A"
4%,
fields.
heating, however, does not destroy viruses but only bacteria!
aside, the topic of the AIDS virus came
up and the individual doing this work
indicated the pore size of the rubber used to manufacture condoms is large
» enough to allow the AIDS virus to flow through.
A brief discussion ensued
as
to how you could use the "A" field in conjunction with a condom to destroy the
AIDS virus.
A quick coffee break followed.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 551, "chars": 3536, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(
Zero Foint Energy: Defense Intelligence Agency Heeting I December 1989;
Washington, D.C.
Page -6-
•SOVIET APPLICATIONS OF TESLA TECHNOLOGY IO ZERO POINT ENERGY.
The
Kraysnoiarsk radar is not a sadar.
when secretary of Defense Chaney took a
" tour through this facility, he was always looking for radar scopes which
'nonexistent.
Ihe Russians
told him it was a scaler wave transitter to e
• transfer Su-z power to a satellite and then to Moscow. Because we have no
" such knowledge of devices such as this in our country, we continue to talk as
though this transmitter is a radar, We all belleve the Russians will probably
dismantle this facility and figure out a way to redesign the outward.
appearance to obviate our concerns.
We have experience in lasers (1ight"
" transmission); the soviets use electronagnetie radiation and transmitted
‚electromagnetic radiation in most of their studles. Jesla, for instance, was
convinced he had tapped the energy of the ether (cosnos) at Colorado Springs.
The Soviets have been doing work on beta decay and have found beta decay slows
›by 6 percent due to the existence and presence of "f" fields. The Soviets are
'extremely interested in parapsychology and have sisters which do &
teleportation display.
when they do this display in the presence of a
" self-discharge tube; the tube dins 80 percent. 'The Ruşsians fool man was able
to tap zero potential energy fields for thought.
Man, as a society, has lost
the ability to tap zero potential enersy for thought over the eons.
The
Soviets also use optical computers to moniter SU 2 symetries: they have
determined what eneriy levels are emitted Iron VariOus orzans in a Person'S
body, and can monitor these various erergy levels using optical computers.
Before treating anyone, the person simply lies in a normal
hospital bed
equipped with the optical sensors and his body Is scanned.
• From the output of
the optical computer, the soviets know the specific organ and the treatment.
¡The greatest problem the Russians are faced with is they cannot wake more than
¿ a few devices and need our technology to nass produce iters.
They would like
" to give the United States theis techriology on sealer waves and zero point
"energy in return for our technology on how to produce and manufacture goods.
: The soviets also presently use plasma jet technology for microwave energy
transmission. Both beaned and reflective power systens are employed in the
soviet Union. A major problem for both the soviets and us in interpreting
Jesla's writings is that much of it is hand written in 5 different languages
within the same document.
Arother interesting fact is that Poincaire was
d ostracized by the west in the 1850's.
A soviet mathenatician, Lipanou..
i believed in him and because of this belief, soviet mathenaties is extremely
"powerful. A for instance was given regarding the solution of complex vector
„equations which we need a CRAY computer to solve. The Soviets can solve
• problems of this magnitude by hand calculators.
RUSSIAN - JAPANESE SPACE LAUNCH AGREEMENT. As our meeting was coming to a
close, mention was made of an agreement signed between Japan and the soviet
Union regarding space.
The Soviets will transfer to Japan all their rocket;
technology and Japan in turn will supply all technolosy for the moon base, a
joint Japanese Soviet space station, and a joint Mars program.
The Japanese
and Soviets have also agreed to share in developing space manufacturing.: The
general goal of the soviets is to tie all of Europe together.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2312, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Zero Point Energy: Defense Intelligence Agency Meeting i December 1989,
Washington, D.C.
Page =1-
Russia gets the manufacturing technology and everyone else gets high
'technology developed by the soviets.
What is needed to establish space bases
is energy. The ability to tap into zero point energy opens the door for
remendous advances
in space manufacturing. It also offers an environnentally
benign source of terreștrial power.
FRENCH COMERCIAL SATELLITE LAUNCHES. The DIA, supported by others in the
Foom, indicated the French have tied up 75 connercial satellite launches.
There remain an additional 25 connercial launches and the probability is the
French will receive contracts to launch a majority of these 25., Should the
'French ție up 100 connercial launches, it leaves us 15 launches for the
'military. •It takes about 9 months for all the clearances to so through in
order to launch a commercial satellite from the Cape or Vandenberg. Our
technology at the launch complexes is at least 30 years old. And yet we'
protect it like we've just discovered it yesterday. We are so security
conscious it just takes too long for people to use our launch vehicles.
¿dence, the success of the French, of at least this is the reason given for the
• French success by DIA.
RUSSIAN TRIP. The Soviets are interested in having a group of western
seientists cone to Novosibrisk and verify theis results on zero point eners?.
The rexes the Soots pay be me the trip is tentatively planned tor
¿their experiments on zero point enerty.
March 1990. Should the Soviets elect not to support us, the DIA has indicated
"their, willingness to send us. No Ionger are the Soviets closing. their.
facilities to u.s. people.
Dr. S.d. B. Murthy/Purdue University was one of:
5 the first westerners to be invited by the soviets to see their hypersonie
'engine test facilities at the Moscow Aviation Institute outside of Moscow,
• Russia. This facility was considered top secret, and off limits to any
•Avesterner prior to Glasnost.
Whether the Russian trip happens or not, zero
point energy is a reality and it's application to today's problems unique.
Harnessing zero point enersy for propulsion, while not considered in this
i:
meeting, may be possible through the use of
either the Biefield-Brown or
: Casimier effects.
... 1
= "
