{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T15:29:07Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1612011, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/120716-international-journal-of-paleopathology-garry-nolan-atacama.pdf", "source_sha256": "c52a49734a29134bd99045fe72c3a0b0754a80cdce9cb3e9facb92ac456fb481"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 603, "chars": 4487, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
International Journal of Paleopathology 22(2018) 97-100
Contents lists available at ScienceDirect
ELSEVIER
International Journal of Paleopathology
journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ijpp
Brief Communication
On engagement with anthropology: A critical evaluation of skeletal and
developmental abnormalities in the Atacama preterm baby and issues of
forensic and bioarchaeological research ethics. Response to Bhattacharya
et al. "Whole-genome sequencing of Atacama skeleton shows novel
mutations linked with dysplasia" in Genome Research, 2018, 28: 423-431.
Doi: 10.1101/gr.223693.117
Siân E. Halcrow®*, Kristina Killgrove", Gwen Robbins Schug, Michael Knapp*, Damien Hufferd,
Bernardo Arriaza®,
; William Jungers", Jennifer Gunter®
* Department of Anatomy, Otago School of Biomedical Sciences, University of Otago, New Zealand
® Department of Anthropology, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, United States
* Department of Anthropology, Appalachian State University, United States
d Department of Archaeology and Classical Studies, Stockholm University, Sweden
* Instituto de Alta Investigación, Universidad de Tarapacá, Arica, Chile
*Department of Anatomical Sciences, Stony Brook School of Medicine, United States
8 Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Kaiser San Francisco, United States
ARTICLE INFO
Keywords:
Ata
Genomic analyses
Foetal skeletal development
Skeletal dysplasia
Research ethics
Chile
ABSTRACT
Here we evaluate Bhattacharya et al's (2018) recent paper "Whole-genome sequencing of Atacama skeleton
shows novel mutations linked with dysplasia" published in Genome Research. In this short report, we examine the
hypothesis that the so-called "Atacama skeleton" has skeletal abnormalities indicative of dysplasia, critique the
validity of the interpretations of disease based on genomic analyses, and comment on the ethics of research on
this partially mummified human foetus. The current paper acts as a case study of the importance of using an
anthropological approach for aDNA research on human remains. A critical evaluation of the ethically con-
troversial paper by Bhattacharya et al. highlights how an understanding of skeletal biological processes, in-
cluding normal and abnormal growth and development, taphonomic processes, environmental context, and close
attention to ethical issues of dealing with human remains, is vital to scientific interpretations. To this end, close
collaboration with palaeopathologists and local archaeologists through appropriate peer-reviewed journals will
add to the rigour of scientific interpretation and circumvent misinterpretation.
1. Introduction
Judging by the sheer amount of press that human skeletons have
received in recent years, it is clear that skeletal analysis speaks to many
people, easily capturing the public's attention with its potential to help
us understand individual lives in the past. Although educating the
public about ancient life courses is a goal that we share, the media blitz
in early 2018 following the publication of Bhattacharya et al.'s article in
Genome Research is a prime example of how research that is not ri-
gourous, analytically sound, or performed by appropriately trained
researchers can spread misinformation. Further, studies such as these
that do not address ethical considerations of the deceased and their
descendant communities threaten to undo the decades of work an-
thropologists and others have put in to correct past colonialist ten-
dencies. When human skeletal studies that flout standard conventions
of science are published, it is imperative for us to demonstrate how
collaborative efforts in the analysis and interpretation of remains can
counteract incorrect and problematic scientific narratives.
In this brief commentary, we use the Bhattacharaya et al. article as
an example of the kind of problematic research from which we can
learn the importance of taking a holistic perspective in science.
Drawing
on
scientific
analytical techniques
using
human
* Corresponding author at: Department of Anatomy, School of Biomedical Sciences University of Otago, Great King Street, Dunedin 9054, New Zealand.
E-mail address: sian.halcrow@otago.ac.nz. (S.E. Halcrow).
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijpp.2018.06.007
Received 30 March 2018; Received in revised form 28 June 2018; Accepted 28 June 2018
1879-9817/ © 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY license
(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/BY/4.0/).

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1144, "chars": 7942, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S.E. Halcrow et al.
evelopmental osteology standards, comparative foetal osteologica
aterial. and Daediatric genetic svndrome iterature we degın D
outlining our concerns with the analysis of the age-at-death and 'ab-
normalities' in Ata's skeletal remains and with the flawed scientific
rationale to conduct genomic analysis. We then bring attention to es-
sential ethical concerns and conclude with suggestions for how to en-
gage in rigorous scientific research using human remains.
2. Critical commentary
2.1. Ata's skeletal morphology
hattacharya and colleagues (2018: 1) state in their abstract that
the Atacama "specimen carried a strange phenotype - 6-in[ch] stature,
fewer than expected ribs, elongated cranium, and acelerated bone
age." The original assessment of the skeleton, however, was never
published in a peer-reviewed jurnal, finding a public audience in
Science Magazine (Stone, 2013). In their Supplemental Note to their
2018 article, hattacharya and colleagues say that the "morphologic
features include that the specimen has only 10 ribs, mild mid-face hy-
poplasia, and shows abnormalities of the skull. [...] As represented by a
specialist in pediatric human bone and growth disorders, the 6-inch
specimen is a human that was likely 6-8 years of age at the time of
death (age based on epiphyseal plate X-ray density standards). [...] The
specimen was concluded by the medical specialist to be a human child
with an apparently severe form of dwarfism and other anomalies."
As experts in human anatomy and skeletal development, we find no
evidence for any of the skeletal anomalies claimed by the authors. Their
observations of 'anomalies' represent normal skeletal development in
the foetus, cranial moulding from delivery, and potential post-mortem
taphonomic effects. Specifically:
1 Bhattacharya et al. claim the skeleton demonstrates "precocious
epiphyseal ossification" (2018: 1) and "was possibly 6-8 yr at the
time of demise" (2018: 6). They provide no evidence in the paper to
support this claim. Based on the long bone (diaphyseal) lengths
published in Gabilondo (2007) of a femur (20 mm) and clavicle
(15 mm), we can estimate that this baby died at approximately 15
weeks gestational age (Cunningham et al., 2016). Further, if we
accept the 6-inch crown-heel length reported for the Ata specimen
as acurate, this also allows us to estimate gestational age at 15
weeks (Archie et al., 2006); however, there may be some reduction
of length of the skeleton from desiccation.
2 Oblique reference is also made to the Science Magazine article
(Stone, 2013) in which Nolan noted that Ata was 6-8 years of age-
ie th die m ho t ht a e e in a ae
at-death based on an epiphyseal plate density test, a claim repeated
in hattacharya and colleagues' (2018) Supplemental Note. The
actual methods for reaching this conclusion are not specified, nor is
the applicability of the method on desiccated tissue explained. Based
on Bhattacharya and colleagues' (2018) Figure 1, there is no evi-
dence for phenotypic anormalities in any of the long bones (Baker
3 The authors note (2018: 1) that "after examining the X-ray images,
it is concluded that Ata had only 10 pairs of ribs instead of the
normal 12 in humans." The 11th and 12th ribs may not be ob-
servable as they are smaller, shorter, 'floating' ribs that do not ar-
ticulate anteriorly at the sternum and are not as robust. There is
little information about the formation of ribs in utero, but Scheuer
and Black (2000: 238) state that "by the eleventh and twelfth weeks
of intrauterine life, each rib (often with the exception of the
twelfth)" has started to form, which implies that the lower ribs are
later forming. All ribs that are visible in the Ata specimen have
normal morphology. Interestingly, the clinical literature (e.g.,
Calder and Offiah, 2015: 539) acknowledges the potential for mis-
diagnosis of skeletal dysplasia due to normal lack of ossification in
early gestation foetuses. This misdiagnosis seems to be the case in
Intemational Joumal of Paleopathology 22 (2018) 97-100
the paper in question.
4 hattacharya et al. (2018: 1) also argue that the baby has an
"longated cranium." Although the cranium does appear to be
longer than it is wide, this can be better explained in terms of both
taphonomic and birth processes. It is common for a process called
plastic deformation to alter the shape of cranial remains that have
been interred in the ground, where heat and pressure can slowly
affect their shape (McPherson and Kriewall, 1980). Additionally, a
fetus of this age does not have the same cranial proportions of a
full-term foetus (Calder and Offiah, 2015; Campbell and Newman,
1971). Furthermore, during delivery, the relationships between the
cranial bones may be altered from compression of the bones in the
cervix in a process referred to as moulding. Such moulding can re-
duce the skull diameter, resulting in an longated appearance; this
has been shown to be more severe in preterm foetuses (McPherson
and Kriewall, 1980). Based on the photos provided, the frontal and
parietal bones of the Atacama
baby indeed
show significant
moulding; the parietals are compressed, and the superior part of the
left parietal bone is passing over the right parietal at the midsagittal
suture. Lifting of the parietal bones is often reported in obstetric and
padiatric literature (McPherson and Kriewall, 1980; Lapeer and
Prager, 2001). The "longated cranium" of Ata is therefore pheno-
typically normal for a preterm foetus that has been delivered.
5 The authors state that they have identified known mutations in
genes associated with cranioectodermal dysplasia and Greenberg
skeletal dysplasia (hattacharya et al., 2018: 5), both of which they
assert may have produced Ata's supposed phenotype: the inferred
cranial dysplasia, the claim that the foetus demonstrates "ac-
celerated bone age" (2018: 1), a "premature ossification phenotype"
(2018: 6), and "was possibly 6-8 yr at the time of demise" (2018:1).
Cranioectodermal dysplasia (Sensenbrenner syndrome) is a rare
multiple anomaly syndrome with distinctive skeletal changes in-
cluding craniofacial findings (e.g., forehead bossing, dolichoce-
phaly), and metaphyseal dysplasia (e.g., short limbs, small thorax)
(Lin et al., 2013), and Greenberg skeletal dysplasia causes punctate
calcification of cartilage and asymmetrical shortening of long bones
(Offiah et al., 2003). Given that there is no skeletal evidence for any
of these conditions in the Atacama foetus,
clusion is questionable.
Taken together, none of the methods or findings regarding Ata's
skeletal age presented by hattacharya and colleagues meet the ac-
cepted standards for age estimation using bioarchaeological, forensic,
or padiatric/obstetric techniques. One of us (WJ) raised these concerns
some years ago, saying that "genetic anomalies aren't evident, probably
because there aren't any" (quoted in Stone, 2013).
2.2. Genomic data interpretation
We also want to comment on the
genomic results in the
Bhattacharya paper, as we are sceptical that the genomic results sup-
port morphological anomalies that are not actually present. Although
we concede that only one of us (MK) is a specialist in human genomics,
we have serious misgivings about the interpretation of the genomic
analysis. Specifically:
1 According to the authors (2018: 6), the specific variants they have
identified are "associated with scoliosis (COLIA1, FLNB, COL2A1,
PMP22), Ehlers-Danlos syndrome (COLIA1, FLNB, COL2A1,
PMP22), and musculoskeletal anormalities (COL2A1, WDR65,
ASPM, PMP22, FLNB)." We question why the authors have used
missense variants in the COL1A1 and COL2A1 genes (rs575285203
and rs768451951) as evidence of a predisposition to dysplasia.
These genes provide instructions for making type I collagen; the
specific variant found in the COL1A1 gene could possibly influence
the development of Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, Caffey's disease

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1282, "chars": 8701, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S.E. Halcrow et al.
(infantile cortical hyperostosis, or osteogenesis imperfecta because
there are variants in this gene that do cause these diseases. However,
the specific variant they found is of uncertain significance in terms
of the role it plays in any of these conditions according to a search
for rs575285203 in the NCBI search engine under ClinVar. A search
of ClinVar for rs768451951 returned no results. In addition, even if
the mutation found in the COL1A1 gene did result in Ehlers-Danlos
syndrome, it would most likely be the arthrochalasia type, which is
associated with hypermobility of joints and potentially encourages
the development of hip dysplasia. Neither of these conditions was
cited in the osteological evidence for "abnormalities" that prompted
this analysis. Furthermore, none of these conditions-Ehler's-Danlos,
Caffey's, or Osteogenesis Imperfecta-would result in observable
phenotypic changes in a foetus of this age.
2 The variants the authors found in FLNB, KMT2D, TRIP11, and ATR
are novel, and thus their role in the development of skeletal dys-
plasias is unknown. The rs2070426 variant in PCNT has no de-
monstrated clinical significance and is classed as a "benign allele"
(again, according to a search of NCBI's search engine under ClinVar
for rs2070426). The authors admit that their speculation that the
variants would be deleterious is based on a prediction algorithm;
however, they immediately follow that statement with a discussion
in their paper about how other dominant mutations in these genes
can cause dysplastic disorders (Bhattacharya et al., 2018: 5). This
discussion is not clearly related to the specific genetic variations
reported for the Atacama skeleton. Given there are no skeletal ab-
normalities and the vast majority of protein substitutions are neu-
tral, the presence of these mutations in the Atacama skeleton's
genome may be genuine, but it is unlikely they had phenotypic
consequences, and it is possible they were coincidental.
3 The authors use a "negative control," in which they selected at
random a South American individual and looked for deleterious or
disease-causing mutations. Their intention, we presume, is to show
that the specific mutations in the Atacama foetus are not normal for
the South American population. Unsurprisingly, the negative control
individual does not show the mutations found in Ata. This in-
dividual had other mutations in genes that could potentially pre-
dispose them to medical conditions including: amnesia; glandular
and epithelial neoplasms; malnutrition; sleep disorders; heart dis-
eases; nonsyndromic deafness; renal diabetes; nerve degeneration;
and neurodegenerative diseases (Supplementary Table S7). Rather
than bolstering their interpretation of the genetic data, this result
demonstrates it is possible to find a similar number of variants as
identified in the Atacama foetus in any given human and that these
may be associated with a variety of disorders that will never be
expressed in the phenotype. Given there is no evidence for skeletal
dysplasia, the genomic data do not provide conclusive results that
warrant the destructive analysis.
4 Bhattacharya and colleagues (2018: 6) write that "although we can
only speculate as to the cause for multiple mutations in Ata's
genome, the specimen was found in La Noria, one of the Atacama
Desert's many abandoned nitrate mining towns, which suggests a
possible role for prenatal nitrate exposure leading to DNA damage
(Andreassi et al. 2001)." We do not know the date of the specimen
and therefore cannot speculate whether the authors' argument that
exposure to toxins from nitrate mining was a root cause of genetic
mutation. Furthermore, this claim was not tested by this analysis.
The authors draw the following major conclusions (2018: 6): "Taken
together, it is entirely plausible that the chance combination of multiple
known mutations and novel SNVs identified here may explain Ata's
small stature, inappropriate rib count, abnormal cranial features, and
perceived advanced bone age. Given the size of the specimen and the
severity of the mutations described above, it seems likely the specimen
was a preterm birth." In our view, it is most likely a coincidence that the
authors found this individual had some mutations in genes that are
Intemational Joumal of Paleopathology 22(2018) 97-100
associated with a predisposition toward dysplasia because: 1) the im-
petus for their analysis was based on a misinterpretation of the skeletal
morphology; 2) the specific variants they discovered have no known
functional effect on skeletal morphology at this age; and 3) other var-
iants they found are novel with unknown significance.
3. Archaeological legislation and research ethics
The antiquity of this preterm baby remains unclear. Bhattacharya
and colleagues (2018: 2) write that "taken together with the DNA da-
mage results above, this indicates that the Ata DNA was relatively free
of DNA damage and contaminants. Moreover, the average DNA frag
ment size for Ata is ~ 300 bp which, based on a DNA-decay model
(Allentoft et al. 2012), is consistent with a sample younger than
500 yr." Elsewhere, one of the researchers, Garry Nolan, suggested that
Ata was only a few decades old (Stone, 2013). Scientific study of this
human is therefore bound by either archaeological or forensic ethics.
Further, the context in which it was found is unclear, apart from reports
that it was discovered in a grave next to a church in the abandoned
town of La Noria in the Atacama Desert in Northern Chile (Dorador and
Harrod, 2018). Dorador and Harrod (2018) aptly lay out the legal and
ethical issues with respect to analysis of this relatively recent human
foetus from Chile. They note that, "like many other countries, human
remains and historical objects are protected by law in Chile, including
the girl from La Noria. This protection comes from legislation passed in
1970 (N°17288) that protects National Monuments." Further, Dorador
and Harrod (2018) explain that "the DNA used for genome sequencing
came from destructive sampling of some of the girl's bones. As such, her
body was damaged, illegal under Article N°38 of the law. Moreover, this
regulation states that any study by foreign research groups using Chi-
lean materials covered under this law must include Chilean researchers;
no Chilean authors are included in the article (Law N°17288: Articles 22
Irrespective of the time period, the research and publication of data
from this specimen does not follow current ethical standards in an-
thropology (e.g., Kintigh, 1996; COPE, 1997; AAPA, 2003; Turner,
2004; Bardill et al., 2018). There are no human ethical consents, nor
archaeological permits cited by Bhattacharya and colleagues, despite
the fact that one or both of these are necessary. Further, this mummi-
fied human foetus was sold to the current "owner," which is also illegal
under Chilean Law No. 17288. This aspect of its ownership history by
itself places Ata within a global, complex trade in numerous categories
of human remains, conducted both on- and off-line (Huffer and
Chappell, 2014; Huffer and Graham, 2017). Additional human ethics
issues therefore occur with the trade of these human remains on the
"red market" (sensu Carney, 2011). Genome Research does not currently
require an ethical statement of research with submission of research
manuscripts, according to the journal editor (Zimmer, 2018). Whether
or not a required ethics statement would have flagged the issues with
the Bhattacharya paper prior to publication, however, is unclear.
Finally, there is an ethical question of whether the ends justify the
means; that is, whether a study undertaken without appropriate ethical
or legal considerations substantially addressed an important anthro-
pological, medical, or genomics research question. We have shown that
there is nothing to suggest that Ata had any skeletal abnormalities. On
the basis of incorrectly perceived phenotypic anomalies and an in-
correct age-at-death estimate, Nolan and colleagues undertook a DNA
analysis in 2013 and unsurprisingly confirmed the mummy was human.
Although this testing was not sensu stricto necessary, once her humanity
was confirmed, analysis should have stopped and her body should have
been repatriated to Chile. Had these researchers involved, from the
beginning, a biological anthropologist who specialises in human re-
mains, we are certain that ethical concerns would have been raised
regarding the potentially living relatives of Ata (Dorador and Harrod,
2018) and the illegal removal of the mummy from Chile. We therefore
cannot conclude that the ends justify the means. In the end, even the

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 663, "chars": 5617, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S.E. Halcrow et al.
novel genetic variations discovered in Ata's genome are of uncertain
significance.
4. Conclusion
Close collaboration with archaeologists and/or palaeopathologists is
a vital part of informed scientific research on human remains from the
past. A nuanced understanding of skeletal biological processes and
environmental context is essential for accurate scientific interpretation
and for acting as a check on the ethics and legality of such research.
Unfortunately, there was no scientific rationale to undertake genomic
analyses of Ata because the skeleton is normal, the identified genetic
mutations are possibly coincidental, and none of them are known to be
strongly associated with skeletal dysplasias that would affect the phe-
notype at this young age. We caution DNA researchers about getting
involved in cases that lack clear context and legality, or where the re-
mains have resided in private collections. In the case of Ata, costly and
time-consuming scientific testing using whole genome techniques was
unnecessary and unethical.
Legislation
Chilean Government Law N° 17.288 of National Monuments. 1925
(1970). https://www.leychile.cl/Navegar?idNorma =28892
Notes
Two of us (SH and KK) contacted the editor of Genome Research to
ask about submitting a response to the article and research in question.
We were both told that Genome Research does not publish letters to the
editor, only original research papers, despite senior authors Nolan and
Butte's (2018) later response statement in which they attempt to justify
the ethics of their analyses. For the scientific process to advance it is
essential to have open debate through peer-reviewed journals.
Acknowledgement
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding
agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.
References
American Association of Physical Anthropologists, 2003. Code of Ethics. Retrieved on 29
Interational Joumal of Paleopathology 22(2018) 97-100
March 2018. http://physanth.org/about/position-statements/aapa-code-ethics-
sexual-harrassment/aapa-code-ethics/
Archie, J.G., Collins, J.S., Lebel, R.R., 2006. Quantitative standards for fetal and neonatal
autopsy. Am. J. Clin. Pathol. 126 (2), 256-265.
Baker, B.J., Dupras, T.L., Tocheri, M., 2005. The Osteology of Infants and Children. Texas
A&M University Press, College Station, Texas.
Bardill, J., Bader, A.C., Garrison, N.A., Bolnick, D.A., Raff, J.A., Walker, A., Malhi, R.S.,
2018. Advancing the ethics of paleogenomics. Science 360, 384-385.
Calder, A., Offiah, A., 2015. Foetal radiography for suspected skeletal dysplasia: tech-
nique, normal appearances, diagnostic approach. Paediatric Radiogr. 45, 536-548.
Campbell, S., Newman, G.B., 1971. Growth of the fetal biparietal diameter during normal
pregnancy. J. Obstetr. Gynaecol. Br. Commonwealth 78, 513-519.
Carney, S., 2011. The Red Market: On the Trail of the World's Organ Brokers, Bone
Thieves, Blood Farmers, and Child Traffickers. Harper Collins, New York.
Cunningham, C., Scheuer, L., Black, S., 2016. Developmental Juvenile Osteology, second
edition. Academic Press, London.
Dorador, C., Harrod, C., 2018. The Girl from La Noria. Etilmercurio. Retrieved 26 March
2018.
https://www.etilmercurio.com/em/the-girl-from-la-noria/.
Gabilondo, F.E., 2007. Medical Doctor Report [in Spanish].. https://www.csicop.org/
uploads/images/si/InformeMomiaFEG.pdf.
Huffer, D., Chappell, D., 2014. The mainly nameless and faceless dead: an exploratory
study of the illicit traffic in archaeological and ethnographic human remains. Crime
Law Soc. Change 62, 131-153.
Huffer, D., Graham, S., 2017. The insta-dead: the rhetoric of the human remains trade on
instagram. Internet Archaeol. http://intarch.ac.uk/journal/issue45/5/index.html.
Kintigh, K.W., 1996. Society for American anthropology principles of archaeological
ethics. Soc. Am. Archaeol. 14(3) Retrieved 27 March 2018. http://www.saa.org/
AbouttheSociety/PrinciplesofArchaeologicalEthics/tabid/203/Default.aspx.
Lapeer, R.J., Prager, R.W., 2001. Fetal head moulding: finite element analysis of a fetal
skull subjected to uterine pressures during the first stage of labour. J. Biomech. 34
(9), 1125-1133.
Lin, A.E., Traum, A.Z., Sahai, I., Keppler-Noreuil, K., Kukolich, M.K., Adam, M.P., Westra,
S.J., Arts, H.H., 2013. Sensenbrenner syndrome (cranioectodermal dysplasia): clinical
and molecular analyses of 39 patients including two new patients. Am. J. Med. Genet.
161A, 2762-2776.
McPherson, G.K., Kriewall, T.J., 1980. Fetal head molding: an investigation utilizing a
finite element model of the fetal parietal bone. J. Biomech. 13, 17-26.
Nolan, G., Butte, A., 2018. The Atacama skeleton. Genome Res. 28, 607-608.
Offiah, A.C., Mansour, S., Jeffrey, I., Nash, R., Whittock, N., Pyper, R., Bewley, S.,
Clayton, P.T., Hall, C.M., 2003. Greenberg dysplasia (HEM) and lethal X linked
dominant Conradi-Hünermann chondrodysplasia punctata (CDPX2): presentation of
two cases with overlapping phenotype. J. Med. Genet. 40, e129.
Scheuer, J.L., Black, S., 2000. Developmental Juvenile Osteology. Academic Press,
California.
Stone, R., 2013. Bizarre 6-Inch Skeleton Shown to Be Human. Science Magazine Retrieved
27 March 2018. http://www.sciencemag.org/news/2013/05/bizarre-6-inch-
skeleton-shown-be-human.
Turner, T.R. (Ed.), 2004. Biological Anthropology and Ethics: From Repatriation to
Genetic Identity. SUNY Press, Albany, New York.
Zimmer, C., 2018. Chile and Its Scientists Protest Research on Tiny Mummy. New York
Times Retrieved 29 March 2018. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/28/science/
atacama-mummy-chile.html.
100
