{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-10T00:04:40Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4883999, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/120708-garry-nolan-carbon-dating-and-intake-questions-jan-30-2013.pdf", "source_sha256": "ccb0a5288fddfd12cdd276bdd430bf62e13f688205f3ba20e4d196cfc2a0f3f0"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 312, "chars": 1799, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Steve Greer.
Wednesday, January 30, 2013 9:14 PM
Fwd: FW: additional thoughts about your specimen
pand s
-- Forwarded message --
From: Steve Greer
Date: Wed, Jan 30, 2013 at 9:14 PM
Subject: Re: FW: additional thoughts about your specimen
To:
Thanks
for the update...
First of all, there is no evidence that the specimen is "ancient" and therefore would not necessarily fall under
regs related to antiquities and the like.
This is a unique case and to my knowledge no issues that govern it...The specimen was acquired by the current
Institute in Spain in 2004. There is no known history dating before that time.
As for carbon dating: if the material we have left would allow for that (I have some here in addition to what you
have) that would be great. We could not get more material to do the carbon dating independent of the DNA
work and triaged the work as 1) DNA and 2) IF there is adequate material after DNA work, allowing the
remainder to be used for the carbon dating.
Also, the film guys say they need to have the results by mid- or late Feb if at all possible as the folks doing the
final cut on the sound etc. for the work will be leaving the US March 5 for over a month. Hopefully we can
keep all this on track:-)
Thank you again!
Steve
On Wed, Jan 30, 2013 at 8:48 PM,
Steve,
wrote:
Spent a fair amount of time with this Professor and her grad students yesterday. They have a clean room they
are willing to let me use for the experiments. I am still "negotiating" with them. What I like about their clean
room is that she ONLY does non-human and non-primate mammals right now, so the room will not be awash in
amplified human DNA. There's another clean room on campus but they do Neanderthal DNA and we don't
want to get contaminated with that—or vice versa.
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1383, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* She's asking some questions about provenance and what export licenses there are around the specimen. If this
becomes a sticking point I will just proceed without them. I don't "need" them, I am just trying to do the best
thing for the science of this.
Long note below and her original email. Note my highlight below. Obviously I didn't want to get into this with
them at this point. I don't want to give them the impression anyone and their brother can just contact the owner.
She's so far willing to let me use the room to extract the DNA and do some of the first steps. After that, I really
don't need them as I can do the rest. The first step (getting the DNA out of the bone) is the most crucial. From
there... standard.
From:
To:
Sent: Wednesday, January 30, 2013 5:04 PM
Subject: RE: additional thoughts about your specimen
Thanks for the time yesterday and that of your students!
Answers:
1. First, I wondered if you know any more about who collected it
a.
No, but I know it came from a collector in Spain. There are some politics around connecting
with the owner directly and I am trying to be respectful of that. Should things get interesting that
will allow me to supersede the politics.
2. when it was collected and where it came from.
I only am told it came from the Atacama Desert area. Time/date/specifics not known
yet. See below for what I plan to do about that.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 505, "chars": 2960, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3. It would also be great to know whether the specimen was radiocarbon dated.
Surprisingly no. With material remaining after the DNA is extracted I will do this if there is
enough. Do you have a suggestion as to where you would have it done?
4. All of this is relevant because provenance is one of the most important factors in ancient DNA
analysis and publication. Is there a publication about it?
None so far. But if there's something interesting about it I intend to publish. Much of what
I spent time on with Ralph Lachman were potential mutations. He pointed me towards a variety
of transcription factors and proteins involved in bone disorders that could be considered.
5. Radiocarbon dating.
a. It has not been done (see above).
6. The second, very critical question is whether there is a permit for removing the specimen from
the Atacama and for your possession of it in the US.
a. The original specimen is in Spain. I do NOT have the actual specimen here... only the bit I
have is the bone.
7. Iam particularly sensitive to this because of the kind of work we do around the
world: almost all countries have stringent collection and permitting requirements and many do
not allow any type of biological specimen to be removed from their boundaries.
a. Again, I do not know anything about this and every time I asked the question, all I get is
Atacama Desert. The manner in which it arrived in the collection are unknown. Should it get to
the point of publication I plan to track down every aspect of this including traveling to the
region where it was acquired if I can sleuth it out. Including the claim that there are more
specimens of it down there. Again, hearsay, but that's what I am told.
8. The third issue relates to our ability to rapidly do the kind of genomic work you are interested
in. I think we could easily do an experiment to determine whether the specimen is human, and
whether it falls within one of the Native American haplotypes, but the rest of the genomic work is
not yet standard in our lab and I wonder if you would be better served to use a lab facility that
does this more routinely.
Could be. Even if you just help me with the DNA extraction that will move me ahead
significantly. I as much as anything need people I can counsel with on this. For instance, it
never occurred to me to look at the haplotype of the specimen and that much could be discerned
just from there.
9. Iam not saying we won't do it, I just was thinking that from your perspective you might have
better luck with a lab more experienced with genomic work. I do enjoy helping other Stanford
colleagues and I hope that this goes smoothly forward.
a. Again, for me just getting the DNA out is stage one. From "the olden days" I was a gene-
jock... so I am pretty good with my hands. I just need to get started as the DNA extraction for
me is the most important stage. With the remaining bone I can do protein sequencing and
hopefully some carbon dating.
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 487, "chars": 2989, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
b. If you can help me with some targeted genetics (haplotype, certain genes) that would be
great.
c. If it turns out it is better for me to do the whole genome elsewhere I will certainly do it.
10. And finally, on a more personal note, I was wondering if you could tell me why you are so
eager to learn about this specimen? I can imagine it captures your imagination and you certainly
were enthusiastic about it, plus it is a real curiosity, but I wondered what you have at stake
here? Are you interested in publishing the results? Is it the unique morphology that interests
you?
a. A complex answer coming below. Why does anyone get interested in anything?
b. First, publication—should it have interesting mutations it would be worthy of
publication. The bone density and the absolute certainty of the age (according to Dr. Lachman,
and as I verified with the picture standards that we analyzed together). If it's human—it's
between 6-9 years old. No mutations known allow for that so it's a puzzle. Frankly, I love
puzzles.
c. My interest level kicked up several levels after getting the estimate of age. It's a
puzzle. The shape of the eyes, the head structure, the neck, the fact it only has ten
ribs. Fascinating.
d. Second this is a favor for a group of good friends whom I respect greatly. Some of them
think this is a new primate, others have a couple of wilder ideas (unknown race of humans, or
farther afield). I do not subscribe to the wilder ideas. At most I think it's a strange primate OR
it's a human with the strangest form of progeria going. Part of this is also a "bet" with some of
my friends that there's a very conventional explanation. My stake is in suppressing needless
conjecture and maintaining my own reputation.
e. Other than that, who knows why people get interested in things? It's just different enough
from my standard area of research that it's a breath of fresh air for me.
f. Certainly this is not just curiosity. I would not waste the opportunity to publish if there's a
fascinating mutation or a new primate. Should I do so, and you and your lab wish co-attribution,
I would welcome you to the authorship. As you can see from my publication record I am freely
sharing of authorship and I know how to publish in the best places.
One of my interests for some time has been the genomic-phenotype relationship. As my own career has moved
from genetics to biochemistry to development and now back to systems biology I plan to move my lab BACK
into genetics in a much bigger way. I got into programming by learning to write "bots" for video
games. Training in new areas is always beneficial there's very little wasted "learning" in my book.
The companies I have been involved in starting (www.rigel.com, www.nodality.com, www.dvssciences.com,
www.binatechnologies, www.cytobank.org, among others) are a good reflection of my varied interests. Once l
have decided to "get into" something I don't do it halfway. For instance, There might be something useful
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 1646, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
about a mutation that "ages" bone quickly... and while I think it's farfetched, maybe something medically
beneficial can come of understanding how a little thing like this survived to an apparent age of 8 years or so...
This "foray" for me I guess is my way of saying I don't start anything conventionally. I am not afraid of
"unusual". But I am trusting my well-honed instinct there is something interesting here. I am not afraid of
people telling me I am wasting my time because time and again often enough I am proven right. And, to get
super personal (since you asked!), after 7 separate fights with cancer (3 melanomas, 3 basal cells - one that took
off a major chunk of my face and required reconstructive surgery, and kidney cancer) I am at the point of "I will
do what I think I want, as long as it hurts no one, and what I think is right-damn the torpedoes. Second, I have
worked hard enough to get to my position where I'd like to do something fun again, and I while my time could
possibly be better spent editing papers or writing grants... this is something that intrigues me! ©
So there you have it! Bared my soul. Happy to answer any more questions. I am going to send the other
information Lily wanted next.
Best regards,
Rachford and Carlota A. Harris Professor
"Without DEVIATION from the norm there can be no Evolution"
"Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence"
| Director, NHLBI Proteomics Center for Systems Immunology
| Department of Microbiology and Immunology
| Stanford School of Medicine
| Medical School Web Profile for Dr. Nolan
| Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology
| Center for Clinical Science Research
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 2471, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-----Original Message.
From:
Sent: Wednesday. January 30, 2013 3:12 PM
To:
Cc.
Subject: additional thoughts about your specimen
Hi
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. What an interesting specimen you have! I have a few more questions
about your primate specimen that occurred to me. First, I wondered if you know any more about who collected
it, when it was collected and where it came from. It would also be great to know whether the specimen was
radiocarbon dated. All of this is relevant because provenance is one of the most important factors in ancient
DNA analysis and publication. Is there a publication about it?
The second, very critical question is whether there is a permit for removing the specimen from the Atacama and
for your possession of it in the US. I am particularly sensitive to this because of the kind of work we do around
the world: almost all countries have stringent collection and permitting requirements and many do not allow
any type of biological specimen to be removed from their boundaries. Even more rigid laws surround
antiquities, which a buried human certainly is... We routinely deal with these legal international (and national)
issues around specimens when we excavate fossils or trap animals! Sometimes the permitting takes years, and
sometimes it is not possible at all.
The third issue relates to our ability to rapidly do the kind of genomic work you are interested in. I think we
could easily do an experiment to determine whether the specimen is human, and whether it falls within one of
the Native American haplotypes, but the rest of the genomic work is not yet standard in our lab and I wonder if
you would be better served to use a lab facility that does this more routinely. I am not saying we won't do it, I
just was thinking that from your perspective you might have better luck with a lab more experienced with
genomic work. I do enjoy helping other Stanford colleagues and I hope that this goes smoothly forward.
And finally, on a more personal note, I was wondering if you could tell me why you are so eager to learn about
this specimen? I can imagine it captures your imagination and you certainly were enthusiastic about it, plus it is
a real curiosity, but I wondered what you have at stake here? Are you interested in publishing the results? Is it
the unique morphology that interests you? Anyway, it was fun to meet you and think about this little
guy/gal. Here's looking forward to the next steps!
Best
6
