{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T02:01:33Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3282000, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/120826-dennis-lee-and-dutchman-against-ftc.pdf", "source_sha256": "0def5d35ea5ae5cfa3aeddbe1a5ef1ff3cf9e80dd82977e16f735e1c51c14d3d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 594, "chars": 3287, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ferry suppren an
Hello, This is your customer service rep again. We have been busy!
WE WON OUR RIGHT TO DO BUSINESS IN A LEGAL
CONTEST WITH THE FTC IN A BATTLE OF THE
EXPERTS...
This has been a really rocky road. It is so amazing that President Obama has ordered all
the American car makers to get another 10 miles per gallon out of their cars, and we
typically increase the mileage just with the HAFC kit by at least that with just about
anything we do when it is done right. In other words, right now there is only ONE entity
in this country that can take just about any make and model of car and exceed the
Presidents orders RIGHT NOW! That is incredible, because in January the FTC tried to
shut our main company the supplier of the HAFC kits down. In a one of a kind expert
report, the FTC has an expert physicist that claimed that it is IMPOSSIBLE for anyone
(not just us) to get more than a 4% improvement in the fuel economy of any American
made car! Because of that purported FACT, it made all our representations of getting
over 50% improvement the majority of the time impossible! This expert claimed that
about 96% of the gasoline in a vehicles is burned (leaving only 4% to leave the tailpipe.)
While this is not untrue, that does not mean that the burned fuel is making any power on
the wheels, instead most of it is being burning in the catalytic converter UNDER the
vehicle for NO mechanical benefit to the owner of the car. This report, while technically
true, was irrelevant to the nature of the internal combustion engine process and the
overall fuel economy of a vehicle. The FT's expert report became the justification to
put us out of business. Imagine the President of the United States and all his expert
advisors ordering the car makers to do what this FTC expert claims is impossible.
Imagine the FTC of this administration trying to shut down the company that can give the
President what he wants.
The FTC came in and on the strength of this expert got a judge, exparte (means they
ONLY heard ONE side of the story to order that all of Dutchman Enterprises' bank
accounts be frozen and the company's assets be confiscated and the company be
restricted from making any claims or doing any business. They froze the accounts with
hundreds of thousands of dollars in them on Thursday, would not even allow the
paychecks for the employees to be paid on Friday. All the employees went home and the
business was shut down based upon no complaints at all to the FTC... ONLY this report
from the expert that stated that what we were claiming (and what the President was
ordering to happen by 2011) was impossible. It was a disaster for us!
We tried to get the judge to at least give us access to a portion of our funds to be able to
hire a lawyer, but the FTC refused to grant us even that one small right to counsel. So, the
leader of our project tried to mount a defense without any legal counsel. They even froze
his personal accounts and the company had nothing to operate on or use to defend itself.
Our guys went to court and the judge soon realized the injustice of it all and allowed us to
have money for our defense. We also asked if we could use some of our own money to
hire our own expert physicist to rebut their Doctor of physics. The judge allowed us to

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 517, "chars": 3000, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
spend $5,000 for that purpose. That turned out to be enough, because a Harvard engineer
that had been following this project volunteered to help out for free, and it turned out, his
father has a double doctorate in materials and in physical engineering with a master's
degree in internal combustion engine design, and is world renown with almost 100
scientific abstracts published and books translated into most languages of the world. The
father was overseas and volunteered to come to the USA to give his opinion if we would
just pay his expenses. We also got the ex Vice President of the Society of Automotive
Engineers who designs internal combustion engines for GM, Volvo and Saab give us a
report on his opinion as well. The cost for both of these experts came to $5,000.
So, on February 5th
", after a month of no activity and frozen accounts that almost
destroyed our business, we finally were ready to be heard in opposition to the FTC's
heavy handed and totally unjustified attack on us. We had a hearing before judge Shipp in
Federal District Court. In the morning they put on their expert who stood by his report.
The judge was originally shocked to discover that the FTC had not ever gotten even on
complaint to justify this action. Our lawyer cross examined their expert and actually got
him to agree with every single point our experts were going to prove that day. He showed
him a report from the department of Energy showing that it was possible for the fuel
efficiency of cars to be increased by 50% by just injecting hydrogen into the combustion
chamber to help the gasoline burn better. Our lawyer asked the expert if he thought the
DOE was also lying about that fact. Our lawyer pointed out government web sites that
state that vehicles are only 15%-20% efficient while this expert was saying that vehicles
are 96% efficient. Our lawyer showed their expert facts and reports from car makers,
NASA, MIT, and even the encyclopedia to prove the folly of his assumptions. It was not
a very good day for their physicist. He was caught in defending physical principles that
are, on their face, true, but not relevant.
Then our experts explained to the judge why the report of their expert was not relevant to
the issue of fuel economy, and it became clear to the judge that their cryogenics expert
(even by his own admissions) was a poor selection on the part of the FTC for an expert to
give an opinion on internal combustion engines. The long and short of it is that we
PROVED in that courtroom on the 5 of February that our HAFC technology could
actually increase the efficiency of vehicles (in the unanimous opinions of all our experts)
by at least as much as 200% without violating even one of the laws of physics. The judge
was convinced, and ruled that our bank accounts be unfrozen and that we not be
restrained from doing any activity that we are currently doing and that we do not, in his
opinion, pose a danger to consumers.
If you want to read the whole story, read below.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 289, "chars": 1935, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dennis Lee and Dutchman Defeat FTC
file:///local/InnovativeTechGroup/HAFC/DennisLeeAndD..
http://pesn.com/2009/02/13/9501523_Dennis_Lee_victorious_against_FTC/
and Dutchman Win Round
Against FTC
In a major victory for the science of hydrogen-boost related systems, Dennis Lee
and Dutchman Enterprises were exonerated after a month of being shut down by
an FTC temporary restraining order for their super-mileage claims.
byXXXXXX
Pure Energy Systems News
Copyright © 2009
After a month of having their assets and
website frozen by a US Federal Trade
Commission (FTC) injunction, Dennis
Lee and Dutchman Enterprises were
exonerated Wednesday by NJ Federal
Judge, Michael Shipp who ruled in favor
of Lee and Dutchman, who have been
selling a "Hydrogen Assist Fuel Cell"
(HAFC) that they "guarantee" to improve
mileage by at least 50%. Lee is free of all
encumbrances.
In a thirteen page statement meticulously
explaining his reasons, the judge
apparently pointed out that the FTC's
The HAFC Fuel Call
charge was inadequate, and that the
expert witness opinion by FTC's
physicist, Dr. Halperin, was trumped by
the internal combustion expert witness
who spoke in defense of Dutchman. The
physicist who the FTC produced as a key
witness, was not an expert in internal
combustion engines, and had given his
opinion that the claims being made by
Lee's group were "impossible" to
The Hydro Assist Fuel Cell kit combines three
fuel saving technologies along with a
sophisticated computerized emission system
optimizer. It includes 1) an electrolysis unit for
on-board hydrogen injection; 2) a
vaporizer/ionizer using magnets; and 3)
additives that include acetone and xylene.
achieve. The judge pointed out that
Halperin never had gotten a HAFC kit,
never put it together, never tested it, never
ran data. The defense, on the other
hand, had produced a great deal of evidence in support of their claim, with an expert
1 of 4
02/18/2009 10:23 AM

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 498, "chars": 3049, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dennis Lee and Dutchman Defeat FTC
file:///local/InnovativeTechGroup/HAFC/DennisLeeAndD...
witness who specializes in internal combustion engines.
The overwhelming number of positive testimonies, the "Orange Test" before-and-after
documentation and the ironclad affidavit swayed the judge to quickly decide that
Dutchman Enterprises was indeed being unjustly railroaded. Kurt Anaheim, a dealer
of the HAFC kit, says that they have seen "hundreds if not thousands of gasoline
powered cars and trucks getting 50% or more mileage gain". (Ref.)
Dr. Halperin admitted to Dutchman's attorney that he does not have a Ph.D. in engine
technology, and acknowledged that his expertise and his report was based on his
background in Cryogenics. In continued cross examination, the attorney asked
Halperin other questions revealing that Halperin knew very little about how an internal
combustion engine worked, and in particular had no knowledge of the very short
period of time there is to get energy out of the fuel while it's burning in the piston
chamber during the power stroke of the engine, or that this is the only time the burn
puts any power to the wheels. (Ref.)
Regarding the "expert" testimony that such mileage improvements were "impossible,"
one of the points that Lee's defense argued to the judge was something to the effect:
"Do you think the President of the United States and his advisors don't know what
theyre talking about when they call for an increase in the mileage of the nation's
vehicles, expecting at least a 10 mpg improvement?"
Anaheim says: "Our Hydro Assist Fuel Cell technology prepares and volatizes the fuel
prior to burning so that it burns more completely during that short duration of the
power stroke, producing more power, which we are able to convert to economy, while
reducing pollution." (Ref.)
In a conference call last night with his extensive network, Lee took three hours to
describe the situation: what led up to it, how it unfolded, the ramifications for himself
and the company, then taking questions from his listeners.
"We tore him up on the stand," he said, regarding the "expert" physicist witness.
This is only the second time in New Jersey's history that the FTC has lost a case.
What makes this more astonishing is the extent to which they tied Lee and
Dutchman's hands behind their backs, even going so far as freezing Lee's personal
bank account. In the process of interviewing lawyers for his defense, Lee recounted
how one after another would cower in fear, telling him there is no way he could win
against the FTC -- that the FTC always gets their way, even if theyre wrong. "All you
had to do was say'FTC', and lawyers were shaking in their boots."
Lee, who has been in court twelve times now, but who has never had a trial by jury,
remarked that finally he had experienced justice being served, not miscarried.
Since at least the early 1990s, Lee has been having one run-in after another with
government agencies who accuse him of some kind of fraud, yet who have never
2 of 4
02/18/2009 10:23 AM

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 2853, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dennis Lee and Dutchman Defeat FTC
file:///local/InnovativeTechGroup/HAFC/DennisLeeAndD...
proven the same in a court of law. He views these actions as being inspired by the
good ol' boys club, in bed with big oil and the auto makers to suppress the
emergence of technologies that move us toward kicking our addiction to oil. So with
this case victory, he said, "It's always nice to win against the DC Mafia"
Lee expects that the FTC will try to appeal this, to save face; and he said he is
prepared to go the distance. He told those on the call: "You and I should be
unrelenting. The truth for me is worth dying for. There is nothing they can threaten me
with that will cause me to bend my knee to injustice."
At the same time, he said he is prepared to offer the FTC a graceful way to back out,
admitting that they had made a mistake - in which case Lee would stand down. "The
smartest thing they could do is say, 'We made a mistake, we got a guy.... he screwed
up, we're going to back down."
But if they persist, he is prepared to file a class action suit on behalf of all his dealers
and himself who have been seriously financially impaired by the temporary injunction,
as well as maligned.
Dutchmann took a major hit in the process, losing $750,000 USD in an inventory fire
sale. They now have nothing. However, that will not keep the dealers from being able
to move forward, due to the way the company was set up, thanks to a sister company
that is able to keep things rolling.
Lee is willing to forgive the $750k loss if the FTC will admit its mistake and go away
so they can get on with their business. "Dutchman isn't in this for the money. It won't
go after the money if we can just get on with life." He said he actually looks forward to
getting out among the car dealerships and mechanic training classes to help promote
the technology on the ground.
Lee emphasized the many inconveniences caused by the month-long injunction, with
employees not being paid, dealers almost losing their livelihood, suppliers not being
paid, manufacturers not being paid - and everyone being treated with suspicion as if
they were part of some scam. "We have a strong case for slander ... and possibly
malfeasance." Lee reported that in the process of this action, agents had taken
proprietary documents not related to this case.
"They accuse us of misrepresentation, yet they themselves are guilty of
misrepresentation."
Assets were frozen and all sales had to be stopped, and the company was virtually
decimated. Yesterday, with the funds being unfrozen, Lee immediately paid his
employees, and sales are commencing. The PICC website was taken down, but it
will be back up today, paradoxically Friday the 13th
, with the details of this judgment.
There are around 100 manufactures who have "plenty" of HAFC kits for distribution.
3 of 4
02/18/2009 10:23 AM

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 36, "chars": 265, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
•
Dennis Lee and Dutchman Defat FTC
###
age composed by Sl
ast updated February 14, 200$
Feb. 12, 2009
file:///local/InnovativeT echGroup/HAFC/DennisLeeAndD
The "Genesis Project", which will be carrying the torch, is owned by the dealers.
4 of4
02/18/2009 10:23 AM

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 649, "chars": 3594, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Isn't it Time for the Government that Claims to Want Energy
Independence and To Stop Pollution To Hear from The
American People?
Why is it that for us to try to bring our answers to the energy problems we are constantly
being harassed by the very people who claim to be looking for them? Look at the history
of our struggle in a world that is looking for what we have. In our formative stages we
developed the PICC breakthrough. The Bush administration was so impressed that they
sent an advisor to the president to see what we were doing. He got so excited about what
we showed him that he went back to the President and supposedly was going to host a
demonstration with the Chief of Staff at the White House to get us with the DOE and the
EPA and sort of force them to test our pollution free device. That ended up wasting a year
on promises (all of which are on tape) none of which were ever delivered. Then the
advisor became part of a department to find alternative energy sources and their top
advisor had to confirm the interest of the President's man who came here, originally.
ACORE's expert reluctantly came from DC and when we showed him what we could do
he got very excited. He wanted to set us up with the Pentagon and we refused to deal with
them. His excitement, and phone calls, were also caught on tape. That became another
series of promises and then we were suddenly dropped like a hot potato. It was clear that
we were on our own. We then announced the PICC project and our research revealed that
it had far more potential than even we had ever imagined. You got involved from ads to
encourage you to give us the public support base we needed since it was obvious that
conservation talk was just that... talk. We had a major breakthrough and so we went to
DC on our own without an invitation and at the ACORE Renewable Energy Expo, we
rallied some excitement from the people, and did our best to embarrass the government
phonies who insist on finding solutions that big business will be able to use to control the
people. We are developing the PICC now to actually be able to run any vehicle at well
over ten times the current mileage even on unrefined crude oil with near zero pollution!
In the meantime we could take our HAFC and provide double mileage on the average by
just getting car makers to stop their planned obsolescence program in which, through
unburned fuel, they make carbon build up and sludge to wear down their engines thereby
destroying the fuel economy of their cars with their computer controls. We made major
inroads with Ford. They really wanted a relationship with us on the PICC, but we insisted
that they get involved in the HAFC to earn the bigger relationship. We even provided
them with 50 HAFC units to test over a 60 day test period. It was going great until one of
our dealers misused the Ford Logo and that brought the ford family into the program.
With the car makers trying to get bail out money from the government a relationship with
Ford was not possible. Ford denies they ever tested the units we sent to them and all the
talks and meetings we tape recorded. They did not want to upset the government by
actually working with us to deliver what all of them SAY they want. Now, along comes
President Obama (a new President from the other aisle.) He has ordered the car makers
they are bailing out that within three years, they MUST increase mileage by less than we
have demonstrated time after time we can deliver now. His administration's own agency
(the FTC) is trying to kill us. Will you please help us now? We have been struggling

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 361, "chars": 2058, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
against everyone who claims to want what we are doing that is in your best interests for
close to a decade now. How much longer must we fight the officials who claim to be
looking out for you? I ask who we can get to protect us from the people we the people
have elected to protect us? Will you please at least write a letter to Rahm Emmanuel, the
White House Chief of Staff, and ask him why the administration's FTC is trying to put a
company out of business that is trying to provide the answer to President Obama's
directive to the auto industry? This is a technology that can exceed the President's
expectations by even retrofitting not only new cars, but also includes an answer for every
car on the road. The FTC has attempted to stop it on the basis of an expert report with a
firm stance that what President Obama has ordered is technically impossible to do,
making it look like President Obama and his advisors are also misrepresenting what is
possible to the public. So far it has resulted in evidence offered in a court of law that
impressed the judge that this company really may have the answer. The judge ruled
against the FTC and in favor of this little company, Dutchman Enterprises, LLC, in New
Jersey. So, why would the government be trying to stop them rather than looking into
what they have and giving them every opportunity to prove they really can deliver?
Something is not right here! PLEASE, IMMEDIATELY, WRITE THAT LETTER
TO THE WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF AND SEND A COPY TO
PRESIDENT OBAMA. WHETHER YOU VOTED FOR THEM OR NOT THEY
ARE YOUR ADMINISTRATION! The address for both letters is 1600 Pennsylvania
Avenue, Washington D.C. 20502. Please get everyone you know to read this letter and
write their own letter to the Chief of Staff, Rahm Emmanuel, and the Commander in
Chief, President Obama! Let's get some answers before it is too late! We only want a fair
chance to prove what we can do for the American people! We can, and will, provide the
White House with expert opinions and scientific evidence that we are the real deal.
