{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T03:06:15Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 13, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2326960, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121339-floyd-sweet-reference-information.pdf", "source_sha256": "5bea2173a263450ae1e9dbecb8a861e01bb20dcb6b1e6e7a8920291617d0fbca"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2235, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
First, please read the message "IUFO: (Ewd) What UFOs REALLY are"
posted by XXXXXxe. There you will learn why the Secret Government
message. It she e about one scient to balf Here in to u
might wonder when you read the message above why public scientists
didn't share about them when there is really a basis about Free
Energy. The fact is that they do. But they are harassed never endingly
by different sectors of society especially elements of the Secret
in a united effort to prevent the introduction of Free
Energy to the public.
my on the part and pot a to me ale or are en
mailing lists.
A New Physics for a New Energy Source
by XX
"Today the vacuum [of space]
is not regarded as empty.... It is a sea
of dynamic energy .
.. like the spray of foam near a turbulent
waterfall." -
XX Physicist
XXg, a graduate student at the University of Pennsylvania,
Ilsked upsetting a conmittee of engineering professors in 1978 with
his
proposal for a doctoral thesis topicl that energy could be tapped
from space. The personable, good humored King had not set out to
shock. In fact, as a dutiful systems engineering student, he had at
first accepted
the standard view that the vacuum of space is useless
as an energy source.
However, X
X had become intrigued with a new idea a couple of summers
before, after reading a book about UFOs. In his search through the
physics literature for principles that would allow for antigravity, he
ran across a concept that interested him even morel something called
"zero-point energy." It not only allowed for anti- gravity, it also
allowed for an abundant source of energy.
WHAT DO THE TEXTBOOKS SAY?
Most scientists and engineers have been taught that the vacuum of
space is completely empty and still in the absence of heat, light, and
textbo. never mentionst zero-tudyi enguantum mechanies, his or her
The quantum mechanics student does learn that the fabric of space
consists of random fluctuations of electricity. He or she also Learns
that these fluctuations are collectively called zero-point energy
because they represent the energy that is present even at a
temperature of absolute zero, the temperature at which everything is
completely cold. It is the energy that exists when all other sources

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 474, "chars": 2961, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This energy is difficult to detect because it is everywhere. Expecting
someone to sense it is like asking a fish to detect the ocean; the
fish has no concept of a world that isn't an ocean. Similarly, the
fluctuations of electricity that make up space energy are too
microscopic and too quick for us to sense them, either with our bodies
or with standard detection equipment.
Why did
Is engineering professors fail to teach him about
zero-point energylwhat we refer to in this book as space energy? The
reason is that scientists assume that these vacuum fluctuations simply
even out. They call this the second law of thermodynamics, also known
as the law of entropy. Under this law, everything is doomed to
increasing disorder, until all comes to a dead rest. This means that,
according to traditional science, space energy cannot be put to any
practical purpose because its ran domness cannot be made into an
organized system. It would be as if a pile of threads suddenly
organized themselves into a shirt.
A NEW ENERGY PHYSICS: MAKING THE IMPOSSIBLE POSSIBLE?
had found the most impressive reference to zero-point or space
energy in a book called Geometrodynamics. The author, noted physicist
John Archibald Wheeler, said that this energy foaming within the
fabric of space is enormously powerfullif formed into an object, It
would put out more energy than a bright star. That's a lot of power.
Does this source of incredible power really interact with our world?
King found that there, too, the physics literature held good news.
Quantum mechanicsOthe branch of
science that deals with protons,
electrons, and other basic particles of matterteaches that
superhigh-frequency energy does interact with physical matter all the
time. It says that these basic particles are mixed with space energy.
rhe difference between standard quantum mechanics and the ideas of
Wheeler and other scientists is that they believed basic particles
such as protons and elections were not only mixed with space energy,
they were actually made out of space energy. As XX continued to read
thrush books on the subject, he began to see energy as a flow, a river
Exom another dimension of space, and basic particles as tiny
whirlpools in that river. If the river ceased to flow, the basic
particlesOthe building blocks of all matt erlwould disappear. So would
everyone and everything.
Filled with a sense of awe, King began to see beyond the standard view
of space energy as a random jittering of basic particles. He found his
newfound ideas confirmed by the work of XXXXXXXXXXXX.. a
physicist and teacher. Boyer saidlcontrary to traditional scientific
elieflthat space energy did influence matter, the physical worl
¡round us, and that it wasn't random and meaninoless.
ventually, X realized that if engineers could get only a small
art of those random energetic movements in space to line up with each
other, they could tap into a tremendous source of power for our
everyday world.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 430, "chars": 2726, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COMING UP WITH A NEW COMBINATION OF THEORIES
XX wondered: Why was no one asking if all that power could be
harnessed and put to work? The answer seemed to lie in specialization.
The people who make machinery and generators to move and heat and
power thingslthe engineersidon't necessarily study quantum mechanics.
The people who do study quantum mechanics, the ones who come up with
the equations and the formulasthe physicistsOdon't build machinery.
Even if the majority of neither the engineers nor the physicists were
interested in this topic, XXX was. He still wanted to find out if
there was a way to allow
for the use of space energy. So the young
student set a task for himself. He would stick to the standard physics
literature and 100k for concepts that could be put together to form a
body of knowledge a combined theorylabout the fea sibility of tapping
into that abundant energy. He searched through the respected journals
and found articles that, taken together, made a case for doing what
his professors had said was impossible.
Academia was not particularly interested in space energy at the time,
but a growing audience, mostly outside of the ivy walls, snapped up
the book that King eventually wrote. Tapping the Zero-Point Energy,
first published in 1989, brought together published theories about
space energy and theories about the way that natural systems organize
themselves. This book laid the groundwork for the development of a
coherent theory behind
a new source of energy.
›From Chaos To Order
Russian-born scientist
XXXXX won a Nobel Prize in 1977 for
showing how certain systems can evolve from random behavior to orderly
behavior. This means that entropy, which assumes that all systems
ecome more and more disordered,
in space, instead of disorganized chaos. This behavior, the opposite
of entropy, has since been called negentropy.
In the 1970s,
before and after graduation, Moray King started keeping
a foot in two worlds, one in the world of theoretical physics and one
in the world of the practical tinkerers who were trying to capture
3).
New-energy ideas hit XXX from all sides after that. At first, he
wondered if he was being introduced to a bunch of kooks, but he soon
came to appreciate these concepts. He kept asking questions,
networking and presenting papers at conferences on new-energy
technologies, and encouraging inventors to come up with a reproducible
experiment to prove that space energy could be tapped.
By 1994, XXX had further refined his space-energy ideas. At
conferences, he explained to eager audiences how vortices-whirlpool-
or tornado-like spirals found everywhere in nature - held a key to the
energy lock. Give a sudden twist to the nucleus of an aton, and all

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2848, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
its neighbors, and keep spinning them, XXXsaid, and you may pull
some space energy into your electric-generating system. Rotate the
spinning materialsla spin upon a spinland you have a better chance of
picking up some extra energy. Then build pairs of counter-rotating
vortices into your system, and you would really have something.
To partially visualize this concept, you can take two yo-yos, twist
their strings, and let go so that both yo-yos start spinning. You can
then swing the yo-yos in full circles, one forward and one backward.
This is the type of motion that might give an inventor a chance to hit
the space-energy jackpot.
An Ancient Idea is Reexamined
To more fully understand XXXs ideas, it is helpful to go back to a
ery old concept. Another way of speaking about the background sea o
nergy is the ancient term prana, later known as the anther. In th
eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, the nether was considered to be a
substance filling all space, and through which light travelled.
In 1887, two AmericansOX
XX
XX=
XXX›Itried to detect the aether experimentally. They could not, and
concluded that the aether did not exist. About thirty years later, the
concept was totally discarded when Albert Einstein put forth his
theory of relativity. It says that there is no background structure to
the universe, such as an aether. Instead, all objects in the universe,
such as stars and planets, affect each other. This means that nothing
in space is
absolute.
But, as with all theories, there were things that Einstein's theory
could not account for. So in 1954, distinguished English physicist
P.A.M. Dirac asked science to take another 100k for the aether: "The
aetherless basis of physical theory may have reached the end of its
capabilities, and we see in the aether a new hope for the future."
XXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX of Washington state,
responded to Dirac's call. In 1986, Silvertooth performed an
experiment using laser equipment and his knowledge of advanced optics.
By measuring earth's motion in space, he calculated that our solar
system is moving toward the constellation of Leo at nearly 400
kilometers a secondlor about 892,800 miles an hour. Silvertooth had
succeeded where XXXXXXXXXXXXX had failed. The fact that earth's
motion in space could be detected meant that ther e had to be a stable
point of reference such as the aetherlfor this motion to be measured
against.
In order for a scientific experiment to be considered valid, it must
be successfully repeated. However, Silvertooth used some very
expensive equipment, and his research was sponsored in part by the
United States Air Force and another defense agency that handles
advanced research. To my knowledge, XXXXXXXXX experiment has not
been repeated, although an Austrian physicist has claimed to have also
detected the aether.
A Fast-Spinning Vortex?

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 516, "chars": 3081, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Today's aether theorists do not see the aether as an invisible fluid
filling all of space. Rather, they say it is a spiralling foundation
for the universe that cannot be detected by current measuring
instruments because its movements are too quick.
‹ is not the only space-energy scientist who thinks that the
aether moves in a spiral motion. XXXXXXXXXXi, Ph.D., Of India
is another. He says that the idea of there being enormous levels of
power for every square inch of space would be wrong unless that space
rotates at a fantastic speed, "like a vortex." He sees the universe as
being in motion according to its basic design, with just a
concentration of matter here and there a galaxy, a solar system, a
planet, an electron.
What makes this movement difficult to detect is the fact that we are
moving along with it, and thus have nothing to compare it with. It is
like trying to sense the spinning of the earth on its axis because
everything is spinning, including us, we do not feel the motion. One
scientist describes space energy as two giant, invisible elephants'
pushing on both sides of a door. As long as they push with equal
force, the door does not move one way or the other.
The aether not only exists, the space energy it produces energizes the
earth. Io understand how it works, think of a microwave oven. If you
put a potato in a microwave, you do not see it cooking, nor do you
feel any heat coming from the oven. That's because the microwave cooks
the food from the inside out. The oven remains cool, but the inside of
the potato becomes very hot. In the same manner, space energy "cooks"
the earth's core, which is
very hot, while the earth's surface remains
relatively cool.
The big difference is that the energy in a microwave
comes from outward-moving forces of decay, explosion, or combustion,
while space energy takes the form of an inward-moving spirallas
explained in "Spirals of Energy" on page 13.
Despite a theory that supports
a universal abundance of space energy,
engineers cannot let go of their belief in a world ruled by a
finite amount of energy. To be fair to the engineers, they don't want
to give up that belief because it has worked well as a basis for
practical engineering. It is the idea at the heart of the Industrial
Age.
However, the new-energy theorists say that space energy does not
violate
the laws of conservation of energy, which state that energy
can be neither created nor destroyed. According to these theorists,
this energy has always existed, and thus is not being created out of
nothing. It can simply be put to human use. "People are having trouble
deciding whether they want to believe it or not," King says.
MAGNETS AND ENERGY
The key to many of the devices that you will be reading about is the
magnet. The earth's own magnetic fieldlthe one that makes a compass
point northlmay interact somehow with space energy. And new-energy
researchers find that the smaller magnetic fields which surround
manufactured magnets play a key role in getting their
energy-generating hardware to work. Some inventors use super-powerful

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 310, "chars": 2007, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
magnets made of rare materials, while others use the sorts of ordinary
magnets that are found in stereo sound systens.
BETTE
chat magnite could be deed to produce elet etey colate anoned
capture space energy, even through we don't fu lly understand how.
MAVERICKS IN HIGH PLACES
In the past decade,
XXXXXXX has been joined by scientists around
the world in space-energy research, and their results have caused
great excitement in the new-energy world. Former astronaut Edgar D.
Mitchell, Ph.D., predicted this excitement in 1980 when he said:
"There are types of energy which lie outside the electromagnetic
spectrun. Unfortunately, these research efforts have not been given
recognition. For the most part, they have been performed by
individuals . . . without any support, whose work lies at the
threshold of present-day science, and who are years ahead of science
which is already established."
The fact that many of space energy's newer proponents are people who
have been part of the science establishment means that space energy,
long thought of as an oddball idea, will have to be taken seriously.
XXXXXXXXX Ph.D., of the Institute for Advanced Studies in
Austin,
thought it lacked. XXXXX is a scientist whose low-key personality
fits into a variety of settings, from security-clearance laboratories
to meetings of environmentalists. His background includes corporate
work, several years with the United States Department of Defense, and
a stint with Stanford Research Institute International. He gives
briefings to top goverment officials and oil industry executives, and
to other audiences worldwide.
Puthoff was named Theorist of the Year in 1994 by New Energy News, for
a paper that News editor XXXX*, Ph.D., called the century's most
important theoretical paper. Puthoff and two coauthors say that
inertialthe tendency of a body in motion to remain in motion, or a
body at rest to remain at restican be explained by the presence of
space energy. XXXXX explains by saying it is space energy that

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 318, "chars": 1999, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
knocks you down if you are standing on a train and the train
accelerates quickly from a full stop.
Fox says, "The way the various institutions of science are structured,
it is important to work within the system to successfully introduce
new scientific theories and facts. This is what XXXXXXXXXXXX has
XXXXXXXXX» a retired United States Army lieutenant colonel, is a
more controversial theorist who is considered to be almost
a guru by some in the space-energy field. Bearden believes that
present-day mechanical and electrical engineering concepts and
mathematics are based on the manipulation of effects, and not of
underlying causes, in the same way that a driver can accelerate and
deaccelerate a car without understanding how an engine works. The
devices made by mainstream engineers do the work they are intended
for, he notes, but are crude compared to the hardware that could be
made if the deeper causes were understood.
Bearden's quest parallels XXX sito learn how to create order in a
small part of the seething vacuum of space and put that tremendous
energy to work: "We can dip our paddlewheel into that river."
XXXXX and XXXXX are only two of the many conventionally trained
scientists who have found in space-energy theory a new way of seeing
the world. And their ideas of theoretical physics are not only
important to the world of science. Their ideas form the basis for a
technology that will ultinately affect everyone.
In the next chapter we meet inventors who have tried to turn
space-energy theory into space-energy devices.
Get Your Private,
Free
Email atXX>
-> Send "subscribe jufo " to X
→ Posted by: X
XXXXXXX
XXX
XXX
→> IUFO Mailing List
(Hi, this 2nd message is more interesting than the first one.
However, the first is important since it gives the intro about the
science of Free Energy.
- XXX
XXXX
• - Solid-State Magnet Pioneer
by X
"There is suppression launched against any free energy inventor who
succeeds or is very close to succeeding." - Ret. XXXXXXXXXX
xxXXX

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 435, "chars": 2833, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
= *
XXX
XXXX created a breakthrough magnetic
solid-state
energy generator. For complex reasons, he did not develop
his device into a commercially viable product. However, as a magnetics
specialist with a distinguished industrial career, Sweet was not a man
whose technical claims could be easily dismissed by critics.
tory is important for three reasons. First, creditable
ritnesses saw his invention convert the invisible energy of space into
useable amounts of electric powerlwithout fuel, batteries, or
connection to
an outlet. Second, he was subjected to the same kinds of
harassment that the inventors we met in Part I had to face, including
threats on his life. Third, and most important, Sweet's research has
inspired the work of other space-energy inventors, some of whom may
well produce a useful stationary-magn et device.
AND MAGNETS
XXXXXXX (1912-1995) grew up in Connecticut, in an era when radios
were home-built crystal sets. At the age of nine, his intense interest
in how things work was directed into building and disassembling radios
and other electrical apparatus,
such as a small Tesla coil (see
Chapter 2) energized by a Model I spark plug.
Xt was eighteen, a family friend helped him find work at the
nearby General Electric plant while he went to college. He got the
nickname "Sparky" after he Disconnected some wires one day, which
resulted in an instrument exploding in a spectacular spray of sparks.
Despite this incident,
his employers were pleased with his work
especially his intuitive gift for coming up with answers to electrical
problems.
Sweet stayed with GE after completing his education. He worked in the
company's Schenectady, New York, research and development center from
1957 to 19620a dream job in which he could use a well equipped
laboratory to follow his hunches on intriguing magnetics projects.
That line of research fascinated him. In 1969, he obtained a master's
degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
By the mid-1970s, Sweet and his wife, Rose, had moved to the Los
Angeles area to enjoy semiretirement. Besides serving as one Of GE's
referred consultants, Sweet designed electric equipment for other
customers.
XXXXXXX was more than a professional scientist who worked with
nagnets. He had a passion for magnetism, and for the concept that the
entire universe is permeated with a magnetic field. Once he fully
retiredy buding a dice hatcold tap hate cent tar
magnetic field. But XXX fell 111, and was an Invalid for the last
seven years of her life. This demanded Floyd's attention and forced
him to dip into their savings. He also ha d to cope with his own ill
health, including a period of near blindness. Despite these problems,
he worked on his device when not preparing meals and tending to his
wife's needs.
SWEET'S VACUUM TRIODE AMPLIFIER: DEFYING CONVENTION

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 516, "chars": 3094, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
For decades, new-energy researchers talked about the possibility of
treating a magnet so that its magnetic field would continuously shake
or vibrate. On rare occasions, Sweet saw this effect, called
self-oscillation, occur in electric transformers. He felt it could be
coaxed into doing something useful, such as producing energy. XXX
thought that if he could find the precise way to shake or disturb a
magnet's force field, the field would continue to shake by itself. It
would be similar to striking a bell a nd having the bell keep on
ringing.
As usual, XXXt-who said his ideas came to him in dreams turned for
inspiration to his expertise in magnets. He knew magnets could be used
to produce electricity, as we learned in Chapter 4, and wanted to see
if he could get power out of a magnet by something other than the
standard induction process. That process involves either moving a
magnet past a wire coil a coil of conductive wire, such as copperlor
moving a coil through the field of a magnet. This changing magnetic
field causes an electric current to flow in
the copper wire.
What
wanted to do was to keep the magnet still and just shake
its magnetic field. This shaking, in turn, would create an electric
current. One new-energy researcher compares self-oscillation to a leaf
on a tree waving in a gentle breeze. While the breeze itself isn't
moving back
and forth, it sets the leaf into that kind of motion.
Sweet thought that if space energy, discussed in Chapter 4, could be
captured to
serve as the breeze, then the magnetic field would
serve as the leaf. Sweet would just have to supply a small amount of
energy to set the magnetic field in motion, and space energy would
keep it moving.
By 1985, he had come up with a set of specially conditioned magnets,
wound with wires. To test his device, XXX* discharged a current into
the wire coil around the magnet. As a
result, the coll disturbed the
magnet's field. It was as if XXXt had snapped the magnet's Held out
of position to
set it in motion. XXXt then connected a twelve-volt
lightbulbithe size used in flashlightsUto the coil. If the device was
producing electricity, the bulb would light.
The results were more than XXX expected. A surge of power came out
of the coil and there was a bright flash from the bulb which had
received so much power that it melted. Years later, Sweet remembered
that Rose had seen the flash and called out, "What did you blow up
The inventor was baffled by the dazzling flash of lightlwhy so much
energy? He returned to his workbench to make further models. Needing a
theory to explain his startling discovery, he remembered hearing about
Thomas Bearden, retired Army officer and nuclear physicist, and John
Bedini, an electronics expert, on a local radio show. XXXt called
Bedini, who arranged for Bearden to visit XXX›.
Bearden saw the curious device pull nearly six watts of electric power
out of the air with only a tiny fraction of a watt going into the
machine. Bearden ran tests to his heart's content, and was delighted
to see a little unit embodying the unorthodox concepts that he had

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2565, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
written about over the years, the concepts behind space energy. He
called Sweet's assembly of magnets and wire coils the Vacuum Triode
Amplifier (VTA). Bearden decided that the device was serving as a gate
a A Bear on docked that.
through which energy from space w as being herded into a electric
circuit.
The most amazing aspect of XXXX device was that it put out so much
more power than it took in. How much more? In a 1988 model, Sweet
found that 330 microwatts0330 one-millionths of a wattlof input power
made it possible for the VTA's wire coils to put out more than 500
watts of usable energy, or about one and a half million times the
input power.
The VTA's Special Effects and Difficult Development
The VTA turned out to have some very odd effects, but XXXXX
research background prepared him for that. So in 1987,
Bearden asked
XXX to perform an antigravity experiment. Bearden calculated that
the six-pound machine would levitate when about 1,500 watts of power
were drawn out of it, but that the magnets might explode at about the
same power level. He warned Sweet to limit the output to no more than
1, 000 watts. A VTA would be placed on a scale so that its weight could
be carefully monitored while it was hooked up to a box of lighibulb
sockets. Screwing bulbs int o the sockets would draw off the power.
bulbs, one at a time. The device gradually lost weight until It was
down to 90 percent of its original weight. For safety reasons, Sweet
and Bearden stopped the experiment before the device could begin to
hover or fly.
Why did the VTA lose weight? According to Bearden's theory, gravity
becomes a pushing force rather than a pulling force under certain
conditions. Bearden also says that space energy has a pressure,
referred to as energy density. If the pressure above an object is
decreased while the pressure under the object is increased, the object
will be drawn upwards. The VIA may have changed the energy density by
drawing on space energy.
The technology could sometimes do spooky things. XXXXXXX OF
California, a test engineer who has helped many struggling inventors
test their devices, recalls an incident that Sweet had told him about.
The incident occurred while Sweet was trying to document his
antigravity experiment:
"The machine's weight was observed [to bel decreasing with an increased
load [of lighibulbs], in a quiet orderly fashion, until a point was
others outside the apartment."
this experience has been confirmed by a Canadian space-energy
cesearcher, who heard a similar whirlwind sound during one of his
experiments.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 461, "chars": 2786, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Another unusual effect of Sweet's VTA was the fact that it produced
cold, instead of the heat usually generated by electric equipment. The
inside of the VIA was as much as twenty degrees cooler than the
surrounding air. The greater the load put on the device, the cooler it
became. When VIA wires were accidentally shorted out, they flashed
with
a brilliant burst of light, and were found to be covered with
frost.
One time, a brief contact with the equipment froze some of
Sweet's flesh, causing him pain for ab out two weeks afterward.
Sweet discovered other interesting effects. But development of the VIA
was slowed by trouble with materials and processes, and by financial
entanglements. Sweet had to find magnets that could hold the
self-oscillation effect. That required magnets with force fields that
didn't vary much across the face of the magnet.
Also, standard mathematical calculations didn't work with the VIA. In
the coils affected the device's behavior. Producing this theory was an
important step. Without it, other researchers would not reproduce
Sweet's work.
Sometimes it was difficult for XXX to reproduce his own work. As
working for no apparent reason. But when the VIA worked, the power it
put out for its size was unprecedented.
Sweet Challenges the Laws of Physics
contributed to the theory that explained XXXX invention.
Much
oI the theory that XXXX used to explain how the VTA worked
came from advances in the field of phase conjugate optics, a
specialized study of light used by laser scientists and weapons
researchers. Using intormation from this field, Bearden said that the
VTA was able to amplify the space energy it took in.
ecared ablate photo dan ecose do that.
the science establishment requires that an invention be explained by
accepted laws of physics, and so much output from so little input
seems to violate those laws, which do not allow for such a thing.
However, Sweet and bearden recognized that these laws apply to
ordinary, or closed, systemsisystems in which you cannot get more
energy out than what you put in. Because the VTA allowed energy to
flow in from the vacuum of space, it was not operating in a closed
system, but in an open one. (See Chapter 1 for a discussion of closed
versus open systens.) A VTA operating in the flow of space energy is
like a windmill operating in the wind. Both receive excess energy from
an outside source. But since neither operates m a closed system,
neither violates the laws of physics.
In 1991, a paper by XXXXXX
XX was read at a formal gathering
of conventional engineers and physicists in Boston. X
nor Sweet were able to attendIBearden was called away on business, and
Sweet was recuperating from heart surgery. XXXXXXXXX went
instead. The paper said that the VTA had the signs of being a true

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 470, "chars": 2779, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
negentropy device, or a device that was able to turn random space
energy into usable electricity (see Chapter 4).
How did this work? It helps to think of a handful of marbles on a
reflector, the reflector will roll them back to you in an orderly
electors the rolloctor MAn roil them Sack to you an
fashion. Although the language they used was quite technical, what
Sweet and Bearden basically said is that the VTA was able to take
energy "marbles" and keep rolling them back and forth, building energy
as they went along.
After XXXXXX paper was read, XXXXXXXXX stood up and startled
the audience of skeptical engineers: "I have personally seen XXX
XXXXs machine operating. It was running . .
saw in the video. It was jump-started with a ninevolt battery. There
was no other electrical input required.... There was no connection to
the power line whatsoever." And, no, there were no moving parts.
Although most of the audience listened politely, it was too much for
one engineering professor. He stalked out of the room, saying,
present such a remark at an engineering conference is the height of
irresponsibility! It violates virtually every conceivable concept
known to engineers."
SWEET IS HREATENED
Could activity at the Sweet home been secretly watched by strangers?
Sweet told the story of a time in the late 1980s when a man accosted
him as Sweet was leaving a supermarket. Sweet remembered the man's
expensive-looking shoes, and the fact that he was immaculately
aressed. But in the stress of the moment, Sweet couldn't focus on much
eise.
What made the inventor nervous was the photograph that the man held, a
photograph showing XXX› at work on his tabletop-model VTARin the
supposed privacy of XXXX own home. In what Sweet said was a
remarkably clear photo, he was sitting in the dining room on the
second story of the apartment building where he lived with Rose.
"He walked me all the way to my building, telling me what would happen
to me if I didn't stop my research, " Sweet recalled. "How they took
that picture through my window, I'll never know." As Sweet remembered
it, the man claimed to be connected with a conglomerate that did not
want the VTA to come onto the market at that time. He told Sweet, "It
is not beyond possibilities to take you out of the way."
Sweet said that afterward he called the FBI in Los Angeles. He
believed that two agents staked out his house for a couple of weeks,
but that nothing came of it.
Around the time of the photo incident, XXXX was getting telephone
calls and death threats from strangers. He said there were "people
calling at all hours. The police put a tap on my line and over a
six-month period, over 480 calls came in from all parts of the United
States. But they were from pay stations." Thus, the police could never

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2256, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
find the callers.
Early in the VIA's development, someone broke into XXXXX apartment
and stole his notes. He then began to code his notes.
Sweet temporarily stopped work on his invention, out of concern foI
his ill wife.
"They must have known I stopped; they didn't torment me
any more."
FOLLOWING IN XXX
FOOTSTEPS
On July 5, 1995,
XXXXXXX suffered a fatal heart attack at the age
dealing with people at General Motors, but no one has been able to
confirm Sweet's claims.
The VIA itself is bogged down in legal problems. But XXXXXXXX, who
put much of his own time and money into the project, hopes that the
VTA can be resurrected so that the world will realize what a pioneer
XXXXXXXt was. And despite the confusion surrounding Sweet's affairs
at the time of his death, other researchers are continuing this line
of research.
Confusion and Secrecy
The automotive industry may not have been the only potential investor
that XXX› was dealing with. At the time of his death, there was some
confusion concerning the rights to Sweet's hardware and papers, held
by Sweet's second wife, Violet. Bearden says that Sweet signed a
number of agreements with a number of backers, and that some of these
people have claimed rights to the invention. At least two of these
investors say they want XXXXX laboratory equipment, inventions, and
technical papers to go into a proposed X
XXXXXX Museum so that
other researchers could study the technology. XXXXXXXXXXX is
trying to help all parties work towards an agreement.
XXX
XXXXs urging, XXX) never had the VTA certified by
independent testing. "He feared that his life would be snuffed out
immediately if he even attempted such a thing, " Bearden says.
weet also frustrated his fellow researchers by keeping secret hi.
lost important processhow he conditioned the magnets that are at th
heart of the VTA. Did he pump the magnets with powerful
electromagnetic pulses to shake up their internal structure? He
refused to give details, and said it wasn't likely that other
researchers would learn his secrets: "The odds against them finding
out is like trying to open a safe with 100 dials set from zero to a
hundred, without knowing the combination."
not only feared for his life, but once said he feared that if he
2450323
