{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T22:38:43Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2039655, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121353-gathering-of-eagles-2004-out-of-the-black-into-the-blue.pdf", "source_sha256": "5a57af6d843124ebbc021217233515a76dbe9745ecf90087a9778f0590e500b7"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 30, "chars": 235, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
| FLIGHT TEST HISTORICAL FOUNDATION
| Gathering of Lagles IOOA

reso ES ote

... Into the Blue

.

+e

*

Y yte

Drv rp

wg

“

Paper Designs
) to
Flying Prototypes

Te 2 eget aaters Me E

._ =.

Of Ate

*

|

=a*4

- October 1, 2004

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 705, "chars": 4438, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The 2004 Eagles
XXX›
XX
X
XXX grew up in La Crosse Wisc., and graduated
From the U.S. Air Force Academy in 1978 and completed pilot
training at Williams AFB, Ariz.
Benjamin stayed on at Williams as a T-38 instructor pilot, and
then flew operationally in the F-106 at K.L. Sawyer AFB, Mich., and
then the F-16 at Homestead AFB, Fla.
He attended EPNER, the French Test Pilot School, in Istres,
France, and then returned to Edwards APB, Calif., to first instruct in
the test management branch at the USAF Test Pilot School and then
managed the flying qualities branch. Benjamin then moved to the F-
16 Combined Test Force, testing avionics upgrades on all F-16
models and kicking off testing on Digital Flight Control System
improvements for the F-16 Block 40 and 50.
After Air Command and Staff College at Maxwell AFB,
Alabama, and Defense Systems Management College at Fort
Belvoir, Virginia, Benjamin served a tour of duty at the F-16
Systems Program Office at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, as first
chief of multinational test for 21 different foreign military sales test
programs and then served as deputy director of the F-16 flight test
division.
Benjamin then moved to the black world where he flew on and
commanded a variety of classified programs. He was the second of
only three pilots to fly the Boeing Bird of Prey and flew 21 of its 38
flights, including envelope expansion, mission utility and tactical
annlientians
retired from the Air Force in 2000 and became an
engineering test pilot with Boeing Commercial Airplanes in Seattle,
XXXXX
XXXXX began his aviation career at
the age of 14 when he used paper route
earnings to pay for his first flight in an
Aeronca 7AC. That flight was enough to
kick off the start of a forty plus year journey
that is continuing today.
XXXreceived a B.S. degree in Aircraft
Maintenance Engineering from
Parks College of St, Louis University
in 1963. He chose Parks College in part
because it offered Air Force ROTC, a big
consideration due to the fact that the draft
was active and he knew the route to a
professional pilot career could be assured
with Air Force experience.
He was then was commissioned in the
U. S. Air Force and served six years in the
USAF before joining McDonnell Douglas
as a Flight Safety Engineer. He later earned
a MS in Engineering.Management from the
University of Missouri-St. Louis.
In May 1976, Haug became a
production test pilot with McDonnell, flying
Wash. Since arriving at Boeing, he has flown on the 737-900 and
777-300ER development and certification programs, as well as the
757 F-22 Flying Test Bed. He was project pilot for development
and certification testing on the 737 of a new digital auto flight
system, a GPS landing system, new elevator tab hinges and the
Rudder System Enhancement Program. He's most recently been
flying on Project Wedgetail, an Airborne Early Warning and Control
version of the 737-700. He is currently the 737 senior project pilot.
He has more than 6,750 hours of flying time in 89 aircraft and is
current on all Boeing models, as well as the T-33 and the T-38.
He's been a member of the Society of Experimental Test Pilots
since 1996 and an Associate Fellow since 2001.
the F-4 Phantom and the F-15 Eagle. He
was the primary pilot in the development of
an Instrument Landing System for the F4
series aircraft. He was active in
experimental testing of the F-15 including
overload warning system, radar
development, and several programs in the
Phantom Works.
He also participated in the Full Scale
Development program testing of the F-18
Hornet, including increased roll
performance, G-limiter system, and flutter
with external stores.
. A great deal of his flight hours were
accumulated in the Missouri Air National
Guard, where he flew the F-100 and the F-4
until 1989, when his 26 years of military
service came to an end as the 110th Tactical
Fighter Squadron Operations Officer.
He became Chief Test Pilot in 1986
and was responsible for Boeing's Military
Aircraft and Missile Systems flight
operations of the AV-8; F-18, F-15, T-45 and
King Air Test Bed aircraft. Haug was the
primary and first flight pilot of the Bird of
Prey technology demonstrator aircraft, until
retirement this year.
XX has been a member of SETP
since 1985 and is active in general aviation
as a CFI; A&P mechanic, aviation
consultant, aircraft owner, and regularly
• flies a Baron for travel and a 450 Stearman
for fun.
20 Gathering of Eagles 2004

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 3166, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The 2004 Eagles
XXXXXX
XXXXXX was born and spent his
formative years in in New York. He earned
a B.S. degree in aeronautical engineering
at Parks College of Aeronautical Technol-
ogy of St. Louis University in 1952. Later,
he graduated in the class of 31 from the
ITS Naval Tast Pilot School.
spent five years in the
Kansas Air National Guard concurrently
with his Beech and Boeing employment.
His flying career began with the
USAF in 1952 where he graduated
primary flight training class 53D at
Marana, Ariz., flying T-6's and
transitioned to T-33s at James Conley Air
Base, Waco, Texas. In all, Thomas spent
four years as an All Weather Fighter Pilot.
He attended combat training at
Tindel AFB in Florida, flying F-86Ds and
was later assigned to an F-86D squadron
at McCord AFB, Wash.
XXXXbegan his test pilot career
with Beech Aircraft as production accep-
tance and demonstration pilot in Beech
Bonanzas and Travelairs.
In 1958 he joined the Boeing Co. in
Wichita, KS, as an experimental test pilot
working on ERB-47s and B-52s. Thomas
also did production flight testing and
participated in the design proposal of the
TFX.
In 1963 XXX began his career
with Northrop as an engineering test pilot
flying a vast variety of aircraft. He was
supervisor of engineering test pilots at
Northrop's Norair facility at Edwards
AFB, Calif, and has done extensive testing
with the F-5 program.
XXXXworked on the development
of Tacit Blue and was the first pilot the
aircraft.
XXXXleft Northrop in 1970 and
opened his own aerospace consultancy
business shortly thereafter.
Thomas has flown over 35 types of
aircraft in his career, including the F-SA/
B, B-52E/F/G.H and the X-21.
Now retired, Thomas makes his
home in Lancaster, Calif. and remains an
active member of the Society of Experi-
mental Test Pilots, the American Institute
of Aeronautics and Astronauts and the
Quiet Birdmen. .
XXXX
X has been the
lead pilot on seven classified aircraft to
date. His has been a career filled with few
honors and many private successes.
In his career, many of his flights
have been conducted in one-of-a-kind
technology demonstrator aircraft. He has
flown first flights with modified landing
gear, first flight with internal bays
installed, first flight where bay doors were
opened, and initial separation tests. He
holds the altitude record in this aircraft.
He is one of the five pilots who flew
Northrop Grumman's Tacit Blue. Since
XXXXX has made his career in the
cockpit of so many classified aircraft,
there is not much that we can say about
him, on the record. In letters of recom-:
mendation, it is noted by his superior
officers that his work has been outstanding.
and will probably never be recognized by
the general public.
XXXXX* is a graduate from the
University of Idaho and is a member of
the Society of Experimental Test Pilots.
He is currently working at Edwards
AFB on a classified program
fine, is
#'z.
KAY-NET INTERNET SERViCE PROVidER
nlimited Direct Local Access Nationwide O 24/7 Technical Support Toll Fr
ial-up O Web hosting O Email O Web Accelerate
O Starting at $8.95 per month O
www.kay-net.com
22 Gathering of Eagles 2004
661/723-0266
sales@kay-net.com

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 3192, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Flight Test Historical Foundation
Welcome to the 2004 Gathering of Eagles
: Directors and Trustees of the Flight Test Historical Foundation
e great pleasure in welcoming you to the 12" annual Gathering of
¿les. Thank you for joining us tonight to celebrate the achieyements
he flight testers associated with three technology demonstrator
totypes; code named Have Blue, Tacit Blue and Bird of Prey.
st year we celebrated the 100M anniversary of the first controlled,
wered, heavier than air flight. The Wright's careful, measured,
entific method approach to prototyping the Wright Flyer airplane
ulted in the outstanding achievements in proving and developing
sir concept of powered flight. The Wrights set the engineering
ndard for experimental flight test that is still used today.
I three of the prototype aircraft programs we are recognizing
present an interesting balance of performance, stability and control
d low observable "stealthiness." Often, the "mix" of stealth and
rformance and flying qualities (P&FO) requirements presents a
emendous engineering challenge in reaching both the low observable
als and acceptable P&FQ. Despite the use of very powerful
alytical design tools the only way to truly prove an advanced
incept is to build and test a prototype 'first of a kind' aircrafl. The
ave Blue prototype proved that the full scale development 'faceted'
•117 Stealth Fighter was a sound and practical possibility, and the
icit Blue prototype proved that the 'smooth' stealth concepts used on
e B-2 could be implemented. All three of these outstanding
ototype technology demonstrator aircraft and their flight test crews
we dramatically advanced the state of the art of aviation!
he Flight Test Historical Foundation has had considerable success in fundraising to benefit the Air Force Flight Test Center
AFFIC) Museum. We funded the construction of the 12,000 square foot AFFTC Museum, and the recovery and restoration of
tany priceless and historical flight test aircraft. In addition, we supported improvements to and restoration of many exhibits at both
le BlackBird Airpark and AFFTC Museum. This year, the FTHF funded the construction of a brand new gift shop and office
icility at the BlackBird Airpark. We owe all of you heartfelt thanks for your continued support and contributions that have helped
ind the facilities and many outstanding exhibits and interpretive displays at the museum.
'alifornia State Senator "Pete' Knight conceived the FTHF idea while he was serving at Edwards AFB as a Colonel in the US Air
orce, specifically, as Vice Commander of the AFFTC. We would like for you to keep our recently departed friend and FTHF
rustee Pete Knight in your thoughts tonight.
Ve would be remiss if we did not recognize the hardworking FTHF GOE Committee members, FTHF Board members and Trustees,
APFTC staff members and most especially our Corporate Sponsors. Finally, special recognition is due AFFTC Museum Curator
Joug Nelson and his wife Ilah for their outstanding spirit of cooperation and unceasing work at the Museum.
Thanks again for your outstanding support and we hope you enjoy the 2004 Gathering of Eagles.
Warmest Regards
:
Gathering of Eagles 2004 1
-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 592, "chars": 3856, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Black World Trailblazers
Out of the Black Into the Blue
XX
Director, Flight Test Historical Foundation
The 1970's led to many changes in Ameri-
track targets, there were two questions to be answered: a)
what level of reduction in the radar and infra red signa-
suits, and platform shoes, a more lasting
tures of an attacking aircraft would be necessary to
revolution in aerospace technology appeared on the
achieve a significant tactical advantage over the air
scene; but it was initially only known to a select few. The
defenses; and b) could an airplane be built to achieve the
revolution was what is known commonly as " stealth
required low signature levels? The concept would lead to
technology", and it resulted from collaboration between
what became known as low-observability (LO) designs,
the American defense department and the aerospace
popularly known as " stealth" designs.
industry. It has affected the way wars were fought and
will be fought into the future. Much of the pioneering
work in this field is only becoming declassified today,
and some still remains secret due to its importatice. We
salute all the people who made this happen by choosing
three programs that laid the foundation for a technology
that has such a major influence on aerospace designs as
we enter the second century of flight. For years they
Northrop and McDonnell Douglas were given study
contracts to answer the questions. Lockheed was initially
not included since they had not built tactical aircraft in
over 10 years, but they were also invited after they
revealed they had been investigating stealth features for
the CIA-initiated U-2 and Blackbird reconnaissance
planes since the late 1950s.
could not tell even their families what they were doing..
This is part of their stories.
Stealth: The Background
Aerial combat experience in Vietnam and in the
Middle East signaled to the Defense Department and the
Air Force that things were changing. The 1950's vintage
Russian SA-2 surface to air missile system (SAM),
although having a success rate of less than 5%, had
significantly inhibited aerial operations over North
Vietnam. The loss of 40 Israeli combat aircraft to more
modern SA-6 SAM and ZSU 23-4 radar guided antiair-
craft guns in the first 2 days of the 1973 October War-
showed the problem of operating against an integrated air
defense system would get only worse. As a result of these
concerns, the Defense Advanced Research Agency
(DARPA) in 1974 requested studies from aircraft manu-
facturers. Since the air defense systems generally relied
on radar or infrared heat detecting sensors to acquire and
THE
GATHERING
Whale
OF
EAGLES
The studies revealed that a large reduction in
signatures over contemporary designs would be neces-
sary to make a significant difference. The longest range
sensor was radar; and the radar cross section (RCS), as
the measurement was commonly known, of an attacker
would have to be reduced by orders of magnitude to have
an appreciable effect. Ever since radar was invented in
World War 2 methods of measuring the RCS of an
airplane had been developed, but few attempts had been
made to reduce it in the aircraft design process. A reduc-
tion of over a hundred fold seemed unachievable. Never-
theless, Northrop and Lockheed believed there was a
possibility. In 1975 the 2 companies were funded to
produce competing designs for an Experimental Surviv-
able Testbed (XST) stealth demonstrator. Initially full"
• scale models of the designs were produced, mounted on
poles, and tested on outdoor RCS measuring ranges. The
Lockheed design produced the better results, so they
Vitamins • Herbs • Organic Produce • Groceries
Low Carb Foods • Bulk Foods • Baby Foods • Coffee/Teas
Books • Household Items • Gifts • Organic Wines • Much More!
44264 N. 10th St. West • Lancaster, CA • 661-945-0773
Gathering of Eagles 2004 5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 587, "chars": 3716, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
13
The 2004 Eagles
nails from Albany, New York, and received
his Bachelor's of Aeronautical Engineering from Rensselaer
Polytechnic Institute, Troy, New York in 1955. He later earned a
MBA from Pepperdine College in 1970.
XXXX began his professional career at the Lockheed
Aircraft Company's Flight Test Division, where he was assigned to
work with propulsion and fuel lab technology.
Just a year later, he joined the USAF as an Aviation Cadet and
took his flight training at Malden Air Base, Missouri.
In 1957, he to Lockheed to join Kelly Johnson's Skunk Works
Flight Test organization, and was assigned to the U-2 test program
at Edwards AFB, where he worked until 1960 when he was
reassigned to Burbank, to begin test & development planning for
the A-12 aircraft, (forerunner of the SR-71).
In 1962, Beswick found himself transferred to begin work on
the A-12 flight test program. He also flew on many flights as an
engineering observer and launch control officer on the MD-21
in October of 1966 he returned to Burbank once again and
joined Lockheed Flight Test's Advanced Programs Dept. to begin
test planning for the Navy's VSX test program, (which later became
thè S-3A).
After completion of a one-year Inter-branch Rotational
Management Training Program, XXXX found himself promoted
to Department. Manager, in Lockheed's L-1011 Flight Test organi-
zation in 1970 where he worked as the Assistant Director of L-1011
Quality Assurance, and later was promoted to Director of L-1011
Quality Assurance.
In. 1915XX
X was assigned as Manager of Plight Test and
Rye Canyon's Administrative Organization, Valencia, Cálifornia.
Followed closely by a stint as the Director of Engineering at the
Lockheed Aircraft Service Co. in Ontario, Califomia.
XXXX returned to Lockheed's Skunk Works organization in
1976 to begin test planning for the "Have Blue" Stealth Demonstra-
In. 1978 he was promoted to Director of Flight Test at
Lockheed and became responsible for the U-2, SR-71, F-117A, F-
22 and several other classified programs.
In March 1991, XXX) retired after 36 years with Lockheed
Martin where he left a legacy that began at Kelly Johnson's side,
and continues with the F/A-22 as it makes its mark as a premier
fighter plane of the future.
USAF
esting of top
secret aircraft put him on the ground floor
of stealth technology, flying Have Blue,
the prototype for the F-117A Stealth
Fighter, and Tacit Blue, which demon-
strated radically different stealth tech-
nologies from Have Blue.
After four years as a fighter pilot,
XXXXXtended the USAF Aerospace
Research Pilot School prior to testing
weapons in the F-100, F-101 and F-4
aircraft. He flew the F-100 and F-4
aircraft in the Vietnam War before
returning to Edwards AFB as an instructor
at the USAF Test Pilot School and later as
an F-15 test pilot and Director of the F-15
Joint Test Force. He began classified
work in 1976, where he flight tested Have
Blue and Tacit Blue until 1982.
After Air Force retirement, ZXn
joined Rockwell and flew throughout the
B-1B test program. He flew the first flight
of the X-31 Post Stall Aircraft in 1990
and flew the X-31 through its early
testing. He retired from Rockwell as
Chief Test Pilot and Director of Flight
Test in 1993.
EXx was awarded the Kincheloe
Award in 1989 for test flying Have Blue
and in 1996 for Tacit Blue after these
programs were declassified. He has also
received the Legion of Merit, two Distin-
guished Flying Crosses, nine Air Medals
and Aviation Week & Space Technology's
Aerospace Laurels. Dyson is an Engi-
neering Fellow of the University of
Alabama, a Distinguished Alumnus of the
USAF Test Pilot School and was named to
the Aerospace Walk of Honor in 1997.
Gathering of Eagles 2004 21

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 651, "chars": 4146, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* g
were awarded the contract to produce 2 actual aircraft to
consisting of numerous flat planes. Although intended to
validate the pole model results. In addition, as it was
reflect reflected radar pulses back in different directions
realized it might be possible to actually produce a combat from the location of the transmitting radar, the faceting
airplane, the entire idea of stealth aircraft moved into the
also meant the airplanes did not have any smooth curves
"black world" of covert programs with information
that aerodynamicists strive for to allow good perfor-
limited to those with a demonstrated " need to know. The
mance. Although a twin-engined jet aircraft, the airplane
XST flyable demonstrator was to be code-named Have
at first glance did not seem to have the inlets or exhausts
Blue.
that are so obvious on most designs. Fine-meshed screens
to conceal the rotating engine compressor blades from
Have Blue;
hostile radar pulses covered the inlets. The exhaust,
Lockheed's Hopeless Diamond Takes Wing
•rather than the traditional round nozzle, was a less
obvious" letterbox slot" rectangular orifice, intended to
he designs produced by the competitors
hide the rotating engine turbine from radars behind the
were similar in many features, but differ-
aircraft, as well as reduce the heat signature of the ex-
ent in the details. Studies had shown that
haust gas stream. The highly swept wing necessary to
the important feature was to reduce the signature when
retain the diamond planform meant the aircraft would
viewed from the front or from the rear, with the front
being most important for an aircraft penetrating the
have a high stall speed, with a high landing speed, mak-
ing it a " hot ship" in the landing pattern. The inward-bent
hostile air defense system. Northrop had used prior
vertical tails meant that if the airplane did slow to the
experience to develop ideas, then test them with small
point it achieved high angles of attack, the tails would
models on indoor RCS ranges. Lockheed, on the other
hand, had discovered a paper written by a Russian
mathematician (and translated by the USAF Foreign
Technology Division and republished in the United
States) that developed equations to approximately predict
the RCS of simple shapes. The same computers that
solved the equations could be used to optimize (actually
minimize) the RCS of a collection of simple shapes that
constituted the aircraft design. The optimization process,
coupled with the designers refinements, produced a
design with unparalleled low signatures from certain
look angles— but a design that looked at first glance like
it would never fly, figuratively and literally. The computer
design didn't have any wings. The Lockheed acronautical
engineers dubbed the configuration the "Hopeless
probably be blanked by the disturbed air from the wing
Diamond"- they didn't think there was any way to tum it
wake, leading to poor directional control. All in all, the
into a practical airplane. But with modifications, maybe it
design had a number of compromises thanks to low-RCS
was possible.
design; the question was would it all work?
Two Have Blue airplanes were built. One concen-
trated mainly on the flying qualities of the design; the
second was intend to confirm the extraordinarily low
signatures of the pole model with an actual airplane in
flight. The flying qualities were especially important,
because the RCS -driven design had produced an air-
plane that seemed to violate all laws of aerodynamics: It
had a "faceted" look (the diamond planform wasn't the
only reason for the " Hopeless Diamond" nickname).
. The Have Blue aircraft were intended strictly to
prove the concept of stealth. Too small (only 38 feet
long) to carry a weapon payload, they saved costs by "
borrowing" parts from other airplanes. The landing gear
was from an A-10, the ejection seat from an F-5, and the
flight controls computer (FCC) from an F-16. The latter
was significant; in 1977 the F-16 fly-by-wire concept
was still new. The F-16 FCC was fitted to an airplane that
looked completely unlike the " parent" aircraft, not even
6 Gathering of Eagles 2004 .

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 762, "chars": 4775, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=
having a separate horizontal tail.
Reprogramming was necessary to
account for the differences. Never-
theless, a small team of engineers
and technicians built the two vehicles
at Burbank in a matter of months. A
machinists strike during the construc-
tion phase was an additional chat-
lenge; it meant that much of the
hands-on work was actually per-
formed by the managers and supervi-
sors such as XXXXXXX
XXXX the latter was actually head
of the flight test effort.. The need for
absolute secrecy was also a chal-
lenge; it required nighttime opera-
tions and masking of the aircraft
whenever it was outside its construc-
tion building. A unique camouflage
paint scheme was initially used,
designed to deceive the eye so the
faceted aspect of the design was not
obvious. Once built, the small
vehicles were loaded into a C-5
Galaxy cargo plane and flown out
(late at night, which is normally
verboten at the Burbank airport) to
the desert flight test location.
The first Have Blue was flown
by veteran Lockheed test pilot, Bill
Park on Dec. 1, 1977. The takeoff
run was long, and the rate of climb
was low. The non-afterburning J-58
engines did not provide an excess of
thrust; nevertheless, the airplane's
limited performance envelope was
adequate to confirm. the basic design
was flyable. The low RCS of a
stealth aircraft meant the radar
reflections produced by a normal
pitot-static system with its airspeed
measuring pitot boom had to be
reduced. The success of the new
pitot-static system design had to be
verified on ship one, which had a
conventional pitot boom, installed
for the first flights as a back up. The
flight envelope exploration continued was in the details" for maintaining
through May of 1978, with Air Force
the low RCS, but the flight test
test pilot XXXXX sharing the
technicians showed it was possible, if
piloting duties. The program stopped
laborious.
abruptly on 4 May 1978, when a
flight control system-induced
But the results were worth the
pitchdown occurred as XXXX was
effort. Flown against many radars,
performing a low-speed landing. The
including Soviet-style systems, the
airplane slammed onto the runway.
overall design was shown to produce
Park performed a touch and go and
a significant reduction in detection
climbed out to evaluate possible
range. This in turn showed that a
damage. The impact had damaged
tactical advantage could be achieved
the landing gear resulting in the right
by exploiting the gaps opened up in
nain landing gear being jammed up
an air defense system designed to
neaning a safe landing was nov
detect non-stealth aircraft. The Have
impossible. Atter numerous attempts
Blue was allegedly even flown in
to extend the jammed gear, running
close proximity to an E-3 AWACS
low on fuel to the point that one of
radar plane whose screens barely
the engines flamed out, >
«ejected
showed its presence.
and Have Blue 1 crashed into the
desert. Park himself was injured
during the ejection to the extent that
he never flew as a company test pilot
again.
Based upon the results, the
Senior Trend program was initiated
to produce a weapon system based
upon the Have Blue design. Consid-
erably larger and with an internal
Have Blue 2 first flew in July
weapons bay designed to carry two
1978. It has all the features designed
laser-guided 2000Ib. bombs, the
to reduce the signature. It demon-
resulting aircraft became the F-117.
strated that an airplane in flight could
The success of the concept was
replicate the pole model results,
proven in the Desert Storm opening
despite being stretched and deformed
night attack, when the F-117s were
by the lift and drag forces to which it
assigned to attack the most heavily
was exposed. Practical flight test
defended targets, including down-
experience also demonstrated the
town Baghdad. Pilots admitted
difficulties in maintaining the many
afterward as they watched the AAA
features besides the shape that
guns firing and the missiles launched
contributed to the extremely low
over the city, that they had misgivings
RCS. Sheets of Radar Absorbent
over whether " this stealth really
Material (RAM), similar to linoleum,
worked". The answer was: it did. The
covered much of the aluminum
guns and missiles were all launched
• airplane replacing those when
blindly. Throughout the entire air
maintenance panels were opened
campaign, no F-117s were ever hit
required special attention. Filling in
despite being in the thick of the battle
the tiny gaps and seams around the
night after night. Stealth was now a
access panels and even the canopy
combat-proven concept.
also was time consuming. Even a
loose screw could show up on radar,
requiring reflying the test. The "devil
Have Blue 2 was not around to
bask in the success. On a test mission
Gathering of Eagles 2004 7

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 784, "chars": 4880, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
.
one year after its first flight, a duct containing the hot jet
exhaust within the fuselage failed, releasing the hot
gasses into the aircraft and initially destroying one of the
two hydraulic systems. Pilot XXXXX attempted to
return to base and land, but soon the second hydraulic
system went the way of the first, leaving him without
flight controls in his fly-by-wire airplane. He ejected
safely, and the second aircraft followed the first into the
desert sands. But the test program was almost over
ariyway, and the Have Blue mission had been accom-
plished. Only a few photos, short films and memories
remain of a trailblazer in every sense of the word.
(noW Raytheon) on development of the radar and solving
the problems associated with making its transmissions
low observable.
The airplane configuration was largely driven by the
need to mount the large flat radar antenna looking out the
side of the fuselage. This produced a boxy fuselage, with
initially flat sides. Model tests showed this produced a
large RCS. Sloping the sides reduced the RCS consider-
ably, similar to the faceted flat plates of the Have Blue.
But the real problem was how to reduce the RCS when
the threat radars were illuminating the vehicle in 3
dimensions, rather than from only one direction at a time
TACIT BLUE:
"Got a Whale of a Tale to Tell Ya' Lads-
as the Have Blue approach was optimized for. The flat
_"
plates of the Have Blue would not do; curved Gaussian
surfaces were another approach to redistributing the
he above line, sung by Kirk Douglas in
the 1950's Disney movie production of
20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, could not
have been more appropriate-especially considering the
Disney connection that will be described later. For well
over a decade "the whale" served as an unofficial symbol
to commemorate another chapter in the history of the
revolutionary concept of low stealth. The official name of
the program was Tacit Blue; and like Have Blue, it was
intended to demonstrate concepts that were revolutionary
as well as untried when the idea was conceived.
reflected radar pulses away from the radar transmitter.
The computers of the late 1970s were not yet able to
optimize a design in 3 dimensions, so more experimenta-
tion was required to evaluate and modify proposed
designs. The RCS engineers were in the habit of using
modeling clay to visualize proposed configurations in 3
dimensions to help them think out their ideas. One
engineer, Fred Oshira, who was working on the forward
fuselage design, took his children to Disneyland one
weekend, and while waiting for them to finish a ride, he
was struck by a possible solution, which he quickly
modeled using the clay he happened to still be carrying
Although Northrop had lost to Lockheed in the
with him. Allegedly the ride was the Mad Hatter's
competition for the XST, many valuable lessons had been
Teacup ride. For those who remember Disneyland in the
learned. DARPA had been impressed by their entry for
70's, recall what was across the street from that ride, the
the XST, and awarded them a contract for a study for a
Storybook Land Ride, with the huge Monstro the Whale
project known as BSAX, for Battlefield Surveillance
tunnel through which the boats traveled. The whale's
Assault- Experimental. The concept was to evaluate the
head is a complex curved shape, equivalent to a 3-
feasibility of building a stealthy radar-equipped aircraft to
dimensional surface that would produce radar reflections
loiter in the projected World War II high threat battlefield
in all 3 dimensions. Subsequent model tests of Oshira's
of Central Europe. It was to detect and track Soviet tank
Jump of clay design showed this shape was the beginning
columns for prosecution by missiles launched byallied
of minimizing the RCS from all directions; furthermore,
ground and air forces. This proposed concept of opera-
it allowed use of curved surfaces which the aerodynami-
tions would require the airframe to be stealthy, but not
cists desperately wanted if stealth airplanes were ever to
just from the front, as the Have Blue / F-117 design, but
also be efficient airplanes. If ever there was an engineer-
from all directions, since the aircraft would be in a
ing "Eureka" moment in modern times, this may have
racetrack-shaped orbit near the battle-lines so it could use been it.
its high-powered SLAR (Sideways Looking Airborne
Radar). The challenge of stealthy radar was another
problem, since ordinary radar antennas can have a huge
RCS, as well as radar transmissions being detectable by
sensors on the ground. Northrop teamed with Hughes
The single Tacit Blue airplane was built in
Hawthorne, California. It was rolled out in 1982 and
immediately drew as many stares as the Tacit Blue had
when people first saw it. At 55 feet long and weighing
30,000 pounds it was not exactly petite; and the final
8 Gathering of Eagles 2004
