{"created_utc": "2026-08-12T02:27:36Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 6061201, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121415-request-for-proposal-for-investigation-into-new-advanced-propulsion-and-alternative-energy-technologies.pdf", "source_sha256": "2b1097ef00a247555f310144fe33454835027406f0d551638792d634233440f7"}

Request for Proposal for Investigation into New Advanced
           Propulsion and Alternative Energy Technologies
                                         Background
Significant improvements are needed in covert flight systems that must perform intelligence
gathering or clandestine, disruptive operations against threats that are continually improving their
passive and active defenses against such intrusions. The airspace these flight systems must
penetrate are similar to those currently used by aeronautical surveillance and reconnaissance
systems. But, even advanced. versions of such aeronautical systems cannot perform the covert,
clandestine operations that are envisioned — operations that require more stealth, quietness and
evasiveness than can be provided by winged vehicles using propellers or jet engines. Thus, these
future covert flight systems must propel and maneuver themselves by powerful, silent actions of
fields - not by weaker, yet noisier, actions of generating aerodynamic forces or use products of
combustion for the expulsion of matter.
This Request for Proposal (RFP) invites qualified Offerors to propose exploratory development
efforts of such critical field propulsion and power technologies that are maturated to a Technical
Readiness Level (TRL) of 5-6, which will be needed for subsequent vehicle development and
potentially discover a new means of alternative energy generation. The next section describes the
general capabilities that an Offeror's field propulsion and field power concept must provide.
Finally, the remaining sections of the RFP describe the information to be provided in the
Offeror's proposal.

               Flight System Field Power and Propulsion Capabilities
This section describes 3 general capabilities needed by the covert flight system's field propulsion
and power system. Potential for achieving these 3 capabilities must be demonstrated by ground
or laboratory testing that advances the offeror's field power and propulsion technologies to a
TRL of 5-6.
Successful intrusion into highly defended airspace by the covert flight system requires significant
acoustic and electromagnetic (EM) signature reduction. Acoustic signature reduction implies that
the relatively silent actions and reactions by the vehicle field propulsion, power systems as well
as reduction of subsequent aerodynamic noise is achieved by using strong airflow-ionizing field
emissions to reduce air frictional drag and ameliorate shock waves. The EM signature is
suppressed by absorption of incident EM radiation by an ambient ionized airflow and refraction
of incident radiation around the vehicle as a consequence of changes in refractive index
(electrical permittivity and magnetic permeability) within the vehicle vicinity. The flight system
will use its low signature to avoid detection. But, if lock-on is achieved by an adversary's
tracking systems, agility and swiftness of the flight system must be sufficient to evade missile or
other types of interception by using field propulsion and control interactions that enable swift,
sudden, sideward, upward or downward vehicle displacements over very long distances during
extremely short time durations.

Although the covert flight system can embody special sensor systems, it would also be desirable
that the EM waveforms emitted by its field power and propulsion systems also are used to detect
or discriminate hard-to-find targets. For disruptive missions, EMI from these emitted waveforms

                                                 1
should suppress and disable threat vehicle engine spark ignition systems and disrupt the circuitry
of threat surface or airborne fire control radar systems at reasonably long ranges.

                  General Proposal Requirements and Instructions
The Offeror's proposal document for this procurement will be no longer than 50 single-spaced
pages with a majority of the proposal written in 12 point Times New Roman font. Substantiating
information may be provided in a separate volume of no more than 150 pages in length. The
proposal document shall consist of: (1) An "Executive Summary" that shows highlights of the
technical and management approach to be taken; (2) A "Technical Approach Section" that
delineates the methodology to be used in identifying attractive field power and propulsion
concepts and a means in selecting and advancing the most attractive ones to TRL 5-6; (3) A
"Management Approach Section" that describes the Offeror's technical and management
organization and the means by which this organization will efficiently direct, manage and
perform all work; (4) A "Security Approach Section" that describes the Offeror's approach to the
safeguarding of all sensitive or proprietary information, data or hardware that is received or
generated during this program and how physical security at proposed facilities and test sites will
be maintained; and (5) a "Cost Breakdown" of estimated costs for all major program phases and
tasks, and hardware.
                                    Technical Approach
A major portion of the Offeror's Proposal will be spent in evolving and describing its technical
approach in the identification, creation and test of field propulsion and power concepts that show
promise of meeting the needs cited in this RFP — with this followed by selection of the most
promising concepts for more detailed design and testing at the realistic environments needed to
advance these concept's critical technologies to a TRL of 6-7. This approach is expected to
involve: (a) science-oriented activity by an exploratory development-like organization that
defines and creates candidate field propulsion concepts as well as performs preliminary testing at
the power levels and duty cycles of existing facilities that are available to the Offerror; and (b)
an engineering-oriented activity by an advanced development organization that defines the
needed test facility, test rig and test articles to carry development of the most promising field
propulsion candidates through TRL 6-7 testing. The Offerror will delineate technical
responsibilities, tasks and interfacing between these organizations in the concept selections,
designs and evaluations.

Success of these endeavors will depend to, a significant extent upon how well the candidate field
power and propulsion concepts are selected and evaluated by the science team. The proposal
must describe the candidate concepts and the criteria and rationale used ih reducing test results to
support the expected selection. Criteria and rationale to be used in reducing the many field
propulsion concepts to, as few as one or more promising concept(s), must also be provided.
Candidates can be based on advanced electromagnetic or electrostatic theories and on plausible
extrapolations of current physics. But, each candidate must have a plausible theoretical basis that
is generally agreed-upon by scientific consensus within the Offerror's team. If needed, scaling
relationships must extrapolate each concept's test results to. the environments of TRL 6-7 testing.

Generating alternative energy is of a secondary emphasis in this procurement. But, it is desirable
that field interactions that enable propulsion would also enable electrical power generation. if not
possible, a separate electrical power generation system would be required to energize and sustain
                                                 2
field propulsion system operation. The Offeror will thus categorize each field propulsion
candidate as to its potential for both field propulsion and field power or field propulsion alone. If
separate electric power systems are required, these can consider batteries, fuel cells, zero-point
vacuum energy generators, and/or aneutronic fusion systems that emit no neutrons and cause no
radioactivity. .Not to be considered are nuclear power systems that generate signatures due to
considerable radioactivity or solar power systems that would obviate night operations.
 It's expected that successful development will also depend on thorough planning and definition
by the advanced development organization of any needed facilities for final field propulsion
testing to TRL 5-6. Thus, the proposal will describe any test facility, test rig and test article
definition activity to compile hardware descriptions and hardware performance requirements for
all electrical and structural and mechanical systems. This activity would include: (a)
instrumentation definition for test article force and moment measurement and for measuring
EM/ES field strength inside and outside the test article; (b) power system activity to compile rig
power needs (volts, amps, pulse widths, pulse energies, pulse repetition frequencies, switching
(rise and fall times); (c) architecture layout and safety perimeters of any needed test facility; (d)
procurement and construction of any needed test facility or test rig or test article; and (e)
integration and operation of any needed test rigs and test articles in existing or new test facilities
- including "hardware-in-the-loop" simulation activity before every important rig test.

                                   Management Approach

The envisioned procurement is expected to require a "Skunk-Works — like activity by a team of
individuals possessing diverse science and engineering skills and belonging to organizations that
range from academia, industrial institutions to small research institutes or individual contractors.
The Offeror will show how such diverse organizations and diverse individuals can be integrated
into efficient organization of co-operating science-oriented and engineering-oriented teams.

The Offeror (The Prime Contractor) shall provide appropriate organization charts, program plans
and schedules and flow diagrams that show how each major task of the proposed science and
engineering work will be accomplished by the Prime Contractor, its Subcontractors and its
individual Consultants as its field propulsion technology is advanced to TRL 6-7. Brief Prime
Contractor and Subcontractor monthly progress reports must be provided, and Longer Reports at
completion of the major program milestones must be provided. Progress reviews for invited
attendees will also take place at the completion of program milestones that will occur 6-8 times
during this two-year contract. Preliminary scheduling of program milestones and associated
reviews will be identified on the program plan and schedule that is submitted with the proposal.

The Offeror will identify needed initial funding from the customer for capital expenditures such
as computers and laboratory test equipment and recommend its preferred scheduling of funds
from the customer in terms of how soon and how much initial funding is needed and the desired
scheduling of funding as the program progresses. The Offeror, as Prime Contractor shall also
describe the financial procedures and controls it intends to use to assure proper stewardship of
received funds and to properly distribute them to its own and other participating organizations.

The Offeror shall provide resumes/biographies of not less than less than 200 words for each of
the key persons that will be assigned to the program. Each resume/biography shall include major
accomplishments during his/her career. Also included are the person's program title and a
description of tasks he/she will be perforating.
                                                  3
The Offeror will identify all already-existing Intellectual Property (IP) that is being supplied to
the program by Prime Contractor, Subcontractors, and Consultants at the start of this
procurement. This IP can be outlined in the proposal document and elaborated on as necessary in
the Proposal Substantiation Volume. The Offeror will also describe how IP generated by groups
and individuals during this research-oriented program will be handled by the Prime Contractor
and its subcontractors. This will include what kinds of royalty/licensing and patent rights are
retained by the inventing or creating organizations or individuals that originate the IP and what
kinds of licensing rights to the IP are available to all others — including the U.S. Government.

                                        Security Plan

This procurement will not involve the receipt or transfer of classified information or materials
that affects the security of the United States of America. However, the Offeror, as Prime
Contractor, will describe how sensitive or proprietary materials that are received or generated
during .this procurement will be safeguarded and disseminated to only those with appropriate
"need-to-know". The Offeror will describe what existing Prime and/or Subcontractor facilities
will be used for sensitive or proprietary work and what, if any, facilities must be developed for
such work. The Offerror will indicate if any special measures needed to assure that new or
existing facilities are reasonably secure against theft or physical damage-causing intrusions.

The proposal will describe the span of authority and the approach to security to be taken by the
program participants and selected Chief of Security. A Security Check List will not be required
for this procurement. But it is assumed that a sensitivity classification may be assigned to: each
proposed concept and each proposed experiment. The highest security classification for this
program will be "NOFORN" and no information generated under this procurement at this
security level is to be divulged to foreign nationals without government approval. The Offeror
can use International Traffic in Arms (ITAR) Munitions Lists as a guide to information and
materials that require an export license or similar approval by the government.

                                        Cost Proposal

Due to this procurement's high development risk and payoff, it will be a Cost plus Fixed Fee
Contract,(CPFF) with a maximum not-to-exceed value. However, such a CPFF contract requires
the Offerror to submit a reasonably comprehensive estimate of this procurement's cost. In this
respect, the Offeror's cost estimates for this field propulsion and power development should be
traceable to the tasks described in the Technical and Management Sections of the Offeror's
proposal that portray the general organization and scheduling of project work and itemize the
major tasks to be performed by Prime Contractor, Subcontractors, and individual Consultants.
Such costing should, therefore, capture all financial expenditures that are associated with the
program and its various individual work packages - as a function of calendar time.

In particular, the Offerror's proposal will present a cost breakdown for accomplishing each of its
proposed experiments as a function of time. A cost breakdown for each experiment shall include:
labor hours and person costs; material costs for test hardware and instrumentation; operational
costs — including those associated with pre-test simulation and any facility rental or development.

The Offerror will provide information on hourly labor costs for the various labor grades that will
be utilized in work to be done by the Prime Contractor, Subcontractors and any Consultants.
                                               4
Information shall also be provided on the overhead rates that will be applied to the quoted labor
costs. The Offerror shall also provide information on any fees for management services that will
be applied to costs of work performed by its Subcontractors and its Consultants. In this respect, if
there are any special limits or constraints on labor rates or overhead rates or subcontract fees for
this particular procurement, such information will be included in an accompanying enclosure.

              Optional Information for Guiding Proposal Preparation
                                               I
There is no firm cost goal or cost requirement for this Cost Plus Fixed Fee procurement, nor will
acceptance or rejection of a proposal be necessarily influenced by the particular cost quoted by
an Offerror. However, for purposes of assisting Offerors in gauging and planning the general
level of effort and scope of their proposed work, a Cost Plus Fixed Fee contract of the order of
$20 million can be assumed — with a Maximum Not-to-Exceed Cost of the order of $25 million.


                                                 5
              RAM Company Proprietary Information

                                                    January 20, 2009


Volume I: An Investigation into New Advanced Space-Based
     Propulsion and Alternative Energy Technologies
          --- A Proposal


                        Submitted by RAM POWER & TRANSPORT INC.


             RAM Company Proprietary Information
                            1
                              RAM Company Proprietary Information
            Volume I: An Investigation into New Advanced Space-Based
                 Propulsion and Alternative Energy Technologies
                       ---A Proposal

Summary

        RAM POWER & TRANSPORT INC. herein referred to as RAM, is pleased to submit
this $20.680 Million dollar cost plus fixed fee proposal to Dr. Ron Pandolfi in response to its
request for a science and technology program to identify and begin maturation of critical
technologies. These technologies will be used to meet some of this organization's very unique
and critical mission needs. Specifically, the proposed activity will focus efforts of several
outstanding corporate and academic investigators as well as individual consultants in developing
a propellant-less field propulsion flight system and initiate developing a commercial alternative
energy field power generator for producing electricity.
        RAM proposes to accomplish the proposed work using two integrated organizations. One
of these is a scientific Advanced Physics Foundation that creates and performs preliminary
experiments on promising propulsion concepts and technologies. The Advanced Physics
Foundation will create and maturate emerging, evolving or existing technologies from a
low Technology Readiness Level (TRL) to a TRL level of 3 to 4 in two years. The other, an
engineering organization or Prototype Production Capability will transform the most promising
concepts evolved by Advanced Physics Foundation investigations, further to a TRL of 5 to 6
during two more years of work that involves full-scale hardware development and full-
scale ground/environmental testing; this and actual spacecraft construction will occur in Phase II.
        This proposal will cover Phase I activities and consists of two documents. The first will
identify the technology exploration proposals and methodology while the second would contain
supporting back-up technical information. The exploratory phase or Phase I will cost $xx
million over a period of two years. Phase II focuses upon continued development of an
operational flight vehicle using the technologies and methodologies investigated during Phase I.
If there is success in creating an alternative means for efficiently generating electrical energy or a
new mode of ground transportation, this will also be included as a result of the Phase I activities
and an additional RFP will be submitted to treat these activities as a separate entity.

Motivations
        We now face a new world -- a world of transformation and change. The thrust into outer
space using exploratory satellites and missiles mark the beginning of another epoch in the long
history of mankind. In the five or more billion years scientists tell us that was taken to form the
earth, in the three or more billion years of development of the human race, there has never been a
more abrupt or staggering evolution in mankind's development forced by new technology. We
now need to deal with things not of this world alone, but with the limitless distances between
stars and as yet unfathomed mysteries of the cosmos. We are reaching out toward a new and
boundless frontier.
        We speak in strange terms: of harnessing cosmic energy; of making winds and tides work
for us; of creating unheard of synthetic materials to supplement or even replace our old standard
basics; to purify sea water for our drink; of mining ocean floors for new fields of wealth and
food; of disease preventatives to expand life into the hundreds of years; of controlling the

                             RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                            2
                                                                                               ~a
                                                                                               RAM
                             RAM Company Proprietary Infonnation
weather for a more equitable distribution of heat and cold, of rain and shine; of space ships to the
moon and stars; of such dreams and fantasies as to make life the most exciting of all time. In
other words emerging and evolving technologies may be available that would revolutionize the
importance of national security while changing and improving our economic system in
unexpected ways as we currently know it. Do we have the courage to face this transformational
change, accept it and manage these challenges for the betterment of our nation and mankind?

         Einstein once said: "Imagination is more important than knowledge." The proposal
RAM is submitting is imaginative and creative with the objective of increasing our knowledge of
space-based propulsion systems. This considers the current limitations in the U.S. Space
Program to explore the cosmos. The proposal is in direct response to a request for a science and
technology program that would identify and begin maturation several critical technologies. These
will be used to meet some of this particular organization's very unique and critical mission
needs. These missions will include developing a vehicle for: close in remote sensing and
surveillance, testing local air defense networks, stalling ground vehicles, creating confusion in
local lines of communications, inspecting satellites, space situational awareness, placing small
satellites into orbit, and inducing distractions for denial and deception operations. Another reason
for this proposal is to create alternative means of energy sources. This would offset the pressing
geopolitical requirements for the American population to gain access to new sources of energy. .
The proposed activity obviously has both military and commercial implications that represent a
game-changing philosophy that will allow the U. S. to still maintain technology leadership across
a spectrum of national security and economic interests, the latter of which can transform society
and our economic system, as we know it.
         This proposal will demonstrate our understanding of the problem, identify the worldwide
competition, provide a specific solution set, and explain our business model with supporting cost
information for your review and consideration. We are not fooling ourselves in suggesting that
this will not be a high-risk approach to a discipline that is shrouded in controversy and
mythology regarding alien technology. Furthermore, it is not our intention to provide convincing
evidence that alien technology and capabilities exist nor is it our responsibility to address other
questions such as:

   • What if small crafts (UFOs) are interplanetary shuttlecraft operating from interstellar
     starships parked in various Lagrangian points throughout the solar system or hidden in
     unobservable orbits or the far side of the Moon?
   • What if in 1947 and 1949 two of these solar excursion shuttlecraft deliberately crashed
     under highly suspicious circumstances?
   • What if the remains of those saucer shaped spaceships- along with extraterrestrial
     occupants- were to this day deliberately concealed from the world where the contribution
     of anti-gravity technology could alter the energy and transportation economies of the
     world?
   • What if these crafts are capable of exceeding the speed of light?
   • What if we could commercially produce such a craft?
   • What if this was provable and true- will anyone on the Earth have the vision and courage
     to invest in such a high-technology endeavor- with its game-changing technology and
     commercial implications?


                            RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                           3
                             RAM Company Proprietary Information
        Instead of attempting to prove or disprove these notions, it is our responsibility, however,
as curious scientists and engineers to consider, based upon the body of photographic and other
evidence, if such capabilities may exist, then how can they be achieved? Obviously the
conventional wisdom using current liquid, solid, hybrid, or even nuclear rocket engine
propulsion falls far short of the goals of providing mankind with a realistic avenue for exploring
the stars. Moreover, different propulsion schemes need to be found and identified that would
mostly rely upon field propulsion where a device generates its own electric or magnetic field that
controls or interacts with gravity. This is not a `new' law of physics but clearly this device will
have to operate without relying upon expending large amounts of propellants with their
subsequent weight penalties that leave mankind forever marooned on the planet Earth.
        RAM technology is essential not only to sustain, but also to dramatically increase the
quality of human life far into the future. The availability of propellantless propulsion technology
alone will be a great boon to mankind, but the truly significant product of the RAM Project is the
zero-point energy technology. The term "free energy" refers to the fact that no fuel of any kind,
whether chemical or nuclear in nature, is consumed during the energy production process. This
makes zero-point energy the only truly unlimited, renewable energy source known to man.
        All life on Earth will benefit from the clean energy and pollution-free transportation
systems that the RAM technology portends. In addition, the drastically reduced consumption of
our irreplaceable fossil fuels will ensure that humanity will have a more than adequate supply of
petrochemicals for tens of thousands of years to come.
        The owners of the RAM technology have the power to reshape our planet's future. One
cubic foot of space contains more than enough zero-point energy to boil dry all of the oceans on
Earth, and although the energy itself is "free", the equipment to extract it is not. The enormous
worldwide macroeconomic consequences of developing this technology are clearly illustrated in
a recent Brazilian military white paper, Socio-Economical Effects of the Introduction of
Gravitational Control. Within one decade, revolutionary changes in the energy and
transportation industries will result in a complete reordering of the world's economic system.
While no definitive white world meganomics report has been prepared to date, the total world
GDP is projected to increase from forty-four trillion dollars to as much as one quadrillion dollars
annually. During the last century, the wealth of the world increased some fifty times; properly
deployed and managed, this technology could increase the wealth of the average human being
more than one hundredfold. A conservative estimate is that, during a ten-year phased technology
transition period, the RAM investors and sponsors can expect to earn several trillion dollars from
manufacturing and utility license fees and the global equity markets.
        Thus there are additional questions we must ask: "Is it feasible to reverse-engineer alien
technology based upon available information or evidence concerning this purported different and
new technology?" And "Can a program be put together that may offer some level of risk
mitigation to produce a successful outcome in creating a trans-stellar spacecraft?" It is one thing
for the U.S. to proceed on such a project; however, also as important is to discover if there is any
relevant foreign competition. Such effective foreign efforts may create a technology gap and
ultimately produce technology surprise that impacts U.S. security concerns. These are all
important questions that we will attempt to answer in a forthright manner.

Foreign Capabilities
       There are many foreign activities that are related directly or indirectly to this. activity
regarding spacecraft propulsion or creating an alternative form of energy generation. This section

                            RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                           4
                                                                                                                lt~jG
                                                                                                                 RAM
                                   RAM Company Proprietary Information
will cover some of these technologies to demonstrate these foreign interests related to
gravitational research. It is difficult to provide a straightforward one-to-one comparison that is
directly applicable to the RAM technologies that will be discussed later in this document.
Additionally, it may be useful to attempt a replication of some of these foreign efforts, in terms
of reverse technology transfer, to mitigate risk in this particular activity.
        Regarding foreign efforts, a Conference was held in 2003 covering High Frequency
Gravity Waves (HFGW)t. The objective of this international meeting was to assess foreign
aspects/efforts and to evaluate the need for the U.S. to pursue this technology. Results indicated
that although the U.S. was heavily involved in Low Frequency Gravity Waves (LFGW) with the
LIGO project, no activities were investigating other portions of the gravitational wave frequency
spectrum where HFGWs would be more germane, compared to LFGWs, toward their use in
communications, imagery, or propulsion.
        At this conference, many foreign scientists provided very sophisticated analysis. For
example, Spain and Italy presented designs for gravitational resonators while the Russians
discussed their history in HFGWs that went back to the sixties. Their motivation was a paper
originally written by Gertsenshtein, a physicist, who suggested in 1962 that if gravity and
electromagnetic waves move .at the speed of light, then through the use of Einstein's field
equations, a coupling should exist between these fieldsz. The Russian efforts relied heavily upon
this effect and other subsequent contributions by Gertsenshtein to include investigating the use of
a laser-induced implosion to generate HFGWs. The Chinese were looking at several detector
concepts before developing a transmitter, which was clearly the key to using this technology.
Needless to say, efforts by the U.S. scientific community fell far short of these foreign efforts
and this was clearly a discipline where the U.S. was lagging.
        Since that time period, activities in gravitational research by the Russians indicate on-
going programs with the following experimental activities:

    •    The               spinning disk experiment incorporates a 13-inch superconducting
         annulus disk in an RF field. Early experiments indicated that when rotated, an object
         suspended above the disk might experience a 2% loss in weight. The experiment is
         shrouded in uncertainty due to the lack of photographic evidence of the experimental
         apparatus and technical details. Although western scientists tried to replicate the Russian
         experiment, they could not reproduce the same results because they used smaller disks (3
         or 4 inches in diameter) and lower disk rotation rates (900-.1500 RPM in lieu of 3300
         RPM used b              v). Several years later the Russian claimed that as much as a 9%


  Einstein indicated that gravitational waves exist. Gravitational waves differ from waves of gravity or tidal gravity
effects and represent a disturbance in the space-time continuum. They are synonymous with other waves in that they
need a mechanism to cause the waves and a means to detect the waves. They vary across the frequency spectrum.
Planetary bodies produce low frequency waves based upon inertia, spin rate, mass and other parameters. HFGWs
may be produced by artificial mechanisms. Landau and Lifshits, famous Russian physicists, have provided a
formula for the power produced by such waves. Power varies from the fourth power of frequency, which means that
HFGWs would easily generate more power and are more likely detected than LFGWs. However, the denominator of
this expression includes the speed of light to the fourth power. This is a huge number attesting to the fact that
gravitational waves are extremely weak compared to electric or magnetic fields.

2 Interestingly                   , a U.S. scientist of renown, published a paper in 1963 suggesting that gravity
may be controlled by electromagnetic means.
                                 RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                                5
                                                                                           lt~jG
                                                                                            nem
                          RAM Company Proprietary Information
    weight loss occurred using a much higher rotation rate. This was supposedly to be
    reported in a technical publication but this never occurred.
•   Podkletnov developed a gravity beam experiment. Here a large diameter superconductor
    within a 0.9 Tesla magnetic field is placed inside of a vacuum chamber. The
    superconductor is charged from 0.5 to 1 million volts and discharged. Podkletnov
    claimed the resulting gravitational pulse is capable of moving a pendulum 0.8 km away
    from the device. He further claimed that the pendulum motion depended upon the shape
    of the superconductor and voltage level. He placed a cement wall between the device and
    the pendulum with similar results. Although not reported in the literature, he later
    claimed chunks of the cement wall were removed when the superconductor was charged
    up to 5 million volts. Podkletnov also claimed that when he used a thick metal plate, as a
    target- the material was not identified- the device's effects were similar to hitting thefl
    plate with a large sledgehammer. In fact he suggested that there existed at least a force of
    several hundred pounds within the gravitational impulse.

                                             Figure (1) Using three ground-stations and one
                                             in orbit, Podkletnov's gravity beam device
                                             could be used to place a satellite into any
                                             orbital inclination as well as used for satellite
                                             station-keeping. National security implication
                                             imply that such a device may be capable of
                                             moving existing uncooperative satellites
                                             thereby raising uncertainty about sensor
                                             accuracy and timing data to support GPS and
                                             other capabilities. Finally, this device on a
                                             spacecraft may be used for propelling the craft
                                             to other planets.


•   The Godin and Rosehin experiment is a replication of the British Scientist Searl's device
    involving magnetized rollers that rotate about a large ring. At low speeds Searl connected
    the device to a generator to generate electricity for his household. At higher speeds, he
    claimed the device literally takes off. Searl's house with all of his evidence burned down
    while he spent time in prison accused of stealing current from the municipal power
    supplier. The Russians cleverly altered some of Searl's parameters and used an electric
    motor to start the device. Although Seanl suggested that there were problems to start the
    mechanism, the Russians used a cage-like structure mounted on an armature to align and
    maintain the rollers at a given distance from the ring. They claimed that after reaching a
    certain rpm, they turned off the electrical power to the drive motor. However, the
    armature continued to rotate to a higher speed and a mechanical disk brake was required
    to regulate the rotational speed. Clearly the system would be capable of generating
    electricity if connected to an electrical generator in this self-excited mode. Results imply
    that the device generates several but separate walls of magnetic fields that definitely
    deserve further scientific investigation. They also found that the armature-weighing 375


                        RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                       6
                             RAM Company Proprietary Information                             R4M


        kg -would lose 30% of its weight if rotated at 560 RPM in one direction and the same
        weight fraction if rotated at 600 RPM in the opposite direction.


                  Figure (2) The Godin and Roshin Device and weight reduction data.

        All of these Russian experiments currently reside in a closed military institute that
restricts western observers from either seeing the experimental apparatus or taking part in any
experimental procedure. This adds some mystery and possible credibility to earlier claims and
achievements. However, there is considerable uncertainty about what other Russian experiments.
are currently underway or what further successes are achieved with these devices. Moreover, we
can only speculate about what next generational experiments exist within these facilities and
what new theories are under evaluation that could potentially lead to a technology surprise. The
Russians are also very familiar with related technologies that involve extremely high voltages
and large currents similar to efforts that may be used in the RAM investigations. They are the
forerunners of such technologies as magnetohydrodynamics (MHD), plasma aerodynamics as
well as weakly ionized gas activities, which use high levels of voltages and currents beyond
normal expectations that may also be relevant to this proposed task.


Figure (3) The original device (left) was destroyed because of dire economic reasons during the
late nineties. A newer version (right) currently exists at a Russian Institute. To date, no
information is available concerning performance parameters and test results have yet to be
reported. This device may be directly applicable to allow the Russians to levitate a craft.

                           RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                          7
                                   RAM Company Proprietary Information
       The Chinese who have studied gravitational research under the Russians for many
decades, outlined a 20-year program several years ago using HFGWs3. To date they have
performed extensive theoretical analysis in HFGWs and are devising preliminary experiments.
Once they have reached a modicum of success, they will proceed on a long-term program that is
well-funded having the following priorities:

•   Develop a reference HFGW detector using a high strength magnetic field and femto-second
    lasers. This will be a reference capability extended to test new theories and concepts.
•   Develop a HFGW transmitter.
•   Create a HFGW communications network that will not require relay satellites. The Chinese
    are interested in finding niche technologies where they have a lead and are ahead of other
    nations. This requires using this technology to develop handheld gravitational-wave cell
    phones where the Chinese intend to develop a monopoly in this commercial market.
•   Map the oceans and the Earth (most likely to support military activities used to detect
    submarines and underground facilities).
•   Devise schemes for using HFGWs for weather control, and
•   Use HFGWs for space propulsion and developing weapons.

The Competitive Threat
        These activities are mentioned in the open-source literature. The Russians are pushing
very heavily on other advanced but more standard propulsion technologies, some of which are
space flight related. For example, they were funded to provide information on two rocket
engines, the RD-170 and RD-180, to U.S. rocket engine manufacturers. In one case this involved
shipping to the U.S. contractor four pallets of blueprints and 70 CDs of information to include
supporting analysis and experimental test information. After, four years of evaluation, one U.S.
contractor indicated that despite the wealth of available information, the design was too complex
that it could not be reverse-engineered. Basically these engines operate at a higher chamber
pressure as well as incorporate a pre-burning process that ensures higher combustion efficiency
than comparable U.S. liquid rocket engine technology.
        There are other technologies that are directly relevant to this program. The Russians, for
the past decade, have also examined using magnetohydrodynamics (MHD)4 to augment
hypersonic scramjet engine performance as part of the Mach 12-14 AJAX hypersonic "space
plane project. Concerning electronics, the Russians did not rapidly convert from vacuum tube
technology to transistors; hence they were able to gain technical insights into working with
higher voltages, amperages, and high-power switching requirements than using far lower voltage
semiconductor circuitry. With these developments, it is difficult to predict what they are
currently evaluating.


s There is a recent report
                             published by the JASONs, which claims that based upon the evidence that they saw, the
technical problems behind the Chinese gravity wave detector announced in 2006, were too hard. Although they were
also provided information regarding the Chinese 20-year HFGW Program, their conclusions were that the threat to
U.S. national security interests was not a concern. From a personal view, one has to remember that where one may
fail at a specific effort, others may succeed due to a different dynamic. Moreover, consider comments about man
being capable of flying. In other words, if God wanted man to fly, he would have given him wings!
a MHD is the control of
                           an ionized fluid using electric or magnetic fields. In some cases, the application could be
used to create either propulsion or to directly generate electricity.

                                 RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                                8
                                                                                                RAM
                             RAM Company Proprietary Information
        Similarly the Chinese are making considerable headway in propulsion where they once
heavily, relied upon available technical consultation capabilities provided by the Russians.
Recently they have rejected Russian assistance in scramjet technologies because they feel,
supported by a very generous budget, they are capable of advancing the technology without
outside assistance. They also are upgrading other propulsion technologies as well. They have
considerable efforts in magnetohydrodynamics for use in both propulsion and electrical energy
production that look very promising. They will most likely pursue advanced propulsion
technology for advanced space missions.
        It should be mentioned that the current U.S. efforts in MHD by NASA no longer exist
due to other priorities, leaves us vulnerable to technology surprise. These are the simple facts
from a technology perspective. Russian efforts appear to focus upon transportation and could
easily provide a sea-state change concerning creating motor vehicles, aircraft, placing satellites
into orbit, flight to the Moon as well as journeys to Mars and the other planets thereby making
Russia a true space-faring nation. The Chinese, with supporting budgets, are not far behind. All
of these effects will impact military capabilities and create a huge stimulus for the commercial
sector changing the complexion for energy consumption and creating/developing new forms of
alternative energy.

Proposed Activities
        During the latter half of the twentieth century, the United States government supposedly
back-engineered an extraterrestrial spacecraft. The information already in the public domain
regarding the Alien Reproduction Vehicle (ARV), when combined with eyewitness testimony
and photographic evidence, allows that a strong scientific case can be made for the very
existence of ARV. Similarly but more importantly,, information is available for the actual circuit
design and power for the configuration. The quantity and quality of the available information
makes it very feasible to back-engineer this Mien Reproduction Vehicle and, in turn, construct a
working Replication ARV Machine (RAM).
        Modern Stochastic Electrodynamic (SED) physics theory indicates that gravity and
inertia are a result of matter interacting with the zero-point radiation of the vacuum. This implies
that, since gravity, inertia, and zero-point energy are all aspects of the same physical
phenomenon, an electrodynamic circuit that can control gravity will also allow the energy of the
zero-point to be tapped. In other words, once you have antigravity, you also have "free" zero-
point energy (ZPE). The indications are that it is this link—between zero-point energy and
antigravity—that is responsible to develop an antigravity program.
        The physics community recognizes the existence of zero-point energy as a proven fact.
Experiments, such as those involving the Casimir effect, demonstrate the physical nature and
power of zero-point energy. The problem is not to prove that zero-point energy exists (this is
easily achieved), but rather to develop practical technologies that can tap this energy in an
economical fashion. Certain well-known and respected physicists who are members of the RAM
Project team are at.the forefront of the theoretical work being performed in this area.

        Many different technical disciplines require mastery to develop either such a spacecraft
or a new generation alternative energy approach. Some of these disciplines and technologies are
straightforward while others require significant investigation. The concern is how to manage
these issues in a low-risk program to generate a concept design.


                            RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                           9
                                                                                              D~G
                                                                                               RdM
                             RAM Company Proprietary Information
         RAM will use a methodology for guiding activities by creating an infrastructure within
both •the Advanced Physics Foundation and a Prototype Production Capability organization.
The former will be used to test and maturate the required technologies, either for the spacecraft
itself or to provide a back-up approach with small laboratory demonstrators and/or prototypes.
These may involve evolving, emerging, or newly developing technologies. The latter
organization is a means to apply these successfully maturated technologies to a larger device.
Here, the problem is to successfully scale-up the technology to perform in an integrated fashion
with other technologies in a low-risk design. For example for electrical elements, fall-outs of
these investigations may result in designs that would be capable of creating and maintaining
high-power energy levels for spacecraft operation. These will be further examined to define their
applicability toward commercial applications. Comparisons and tests of these new energy
generation applications will be based upon input requirements, efficiency and the ability to
convert energy into the needed form necessary for systems operation.
        Program management responsibilities will prevail through both organizations to actively
communicate progress and other technical issues to the RAM team and its subcontractors. In
each, there will be a requirement to develop detailed plans for experiments or hardware design.
If necessary, periodic updates may also be considered based upon progress and reporting of
results, intellectual property rights, safety requirements and other concerns. The program
management will continually be involved with evaluating the science that results from these
efforts, particularly the efforts within the Advanced Physics Foundation. Here, progress may
require rethinking of experiments and evaluating alternatives to ensure project success.
Moreover, the primary issues within the Advanced Physics Foundation that warrants
development will be laboratory demonstrators that may lead to prototypical hardware. This will
require support from the engineer development personnel in the Prototype Production
Capability organization that are basically more knowledgeable about systems engineering issues
and integrating diverse technologies to produce a workable design.

        The methodology will operate using two separate conscious streams of thought. This will
involve direct efforts to support understanding the technology and reverse engineering the
concept shown in Figure (4) and a secondary effort that will perform related propulsion research
to develop other technologies thereby mitigating some technical risk involved in this project.
Moreover, an emphasis will also be placed upon developing and engineering an alternative form
of renewable energy as well as a propulsor.
        There are common observables for these types of flying devices. This includes the
appearance of vortices when these craft are in the atmosphere suggesting some form of either
rotational device or rapid circulation of an electromagnetic field. Other information implies that
these devices are capable of generating large electromagnetic fields that are detectable within
close distances. Whenever feasible, this information and other data will be used to test the design
and, whenever practical, will force experiments to match such qualitative test data. Although
some vehicles have been observed flying sideways, none has ever seen upside down. This
indicates that the propulsion system has a preferred direction to operate. Moreover, these
vehicles may travel in a specific direction by using bank-to turn maneuvers. This may require a
secondary control system or a means to control the major thrust force generated by the device.


                            RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                           10
                                                                                                         D~G
                                                                                                         RAM
                                 RAM Company Proprietary Information


        The primary approach will be toward replicating technology to be used by a spacecraft
that consists of.a sphere with an electromagnetic field propulsor shown in the following figure:


        Figure (4) A                  ype of spacecraft that employs an electromagnetic propulsor.

        The sphere in this figure will act as a structural support framework, a Faraday cage and
act as an environmental shelter to protect the crew quarters and/or instrumentation. Power is
generated within the central control column that may use a motor-generator coupled with a
flywheel for smooth and continuous operation. Electricity generated from this unit creates an
electrostatic field in the mid-body ring and a rotating magnetic field used within the capacitors
located at the bottom of the spacecraft. One plausible explanation suggests that the build-up of
electrical charges in each of these segmented capacitor elements and the subsequent discharge
will create a rapidly rotating high-intensity electromagnetic field at the bottom of the spacecraft.
This transient field interacts with the steady-state field generated by the mid-body ring that
creates upward lift. Moreover, the rotating current and field in the capacitors may create an
electromagnetic vortex. By an inverse Gertsenshtein's effect, this may induce a gravitational
vortex that generates the levitation forces. The ring could be comparable to an antenna that
controls this vortex. Another views would suggest that using alternating charges in a capacitor
creates a dipole electric field.. Such a dipole in a uniform gravitational field would induce a self-
sustained acceleration where the self-force acts to oppose weight and creates levitation. These
are only some of many possible explanations that require investigation and involve many
daunting technology problems considering the required power levels. Foremost amongst the
technical problems is the fabrication of the McCandlish device is the control or central column
and achieving the required power levels.

       These and other system related issues are the purview of the Prototype Production
Capability, which will also include integrating the technologies, testing the integrated
capabilities, and ensuring the vehicle would survive specific environmental conditions. For

s V. Petkov: "Propulsion Through Electromagnetic Self-Sustained Acceleration", AIAA Paper 99-2144,
                                                                                                   presented
at the 35ih AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, 20-24 June 1999, Los Angeles,
California.
                               RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                              11
                                                                                                       RdM
                             RAM Company Proprietary Information
example; the capacitor banks need to be electrically isolated from each other and other
components. These will be bench tested to high current and voltage inputs. The switching
circuitry used to charge and discharge these components at a very fast rate will also require
significant testing. If sparks are created during these multiple switching operations, significant
amounts of electrical power would be wastefully dissipated. When dealing with high voltages
and large current levels, the EMF may cause problems with other spacecraft components or
electrical circuits. These need to be better understood by tests in an experimental environment.
Although these tests and requirements will be defined under this effort, and some hardware may
be either designed or produced, the majority of these tasks will be performed under the next
phase of this contract. This will also include identifying instrumentation, performing, and
analyzing test data from a flight test program.


                                                                                 ety UrfveC     tgta


                                                          ~HP,D- OO®retDC           CtCCMotor
                                                        aPenOaiirn trat~loGi        It M0oo
                                                       7orquetarverter
                                                    7)_ flmomaik.Poerergtdo
                                                   ey t000NP,2,,J0 pno Dq
                                                    g}. a,ngtde(Cott
                                                   tU} ~~VOK9g,Dvtd.r                   }
                                                     :i
                                                   11}r$1~ aquepe rWnn rtwse ZPF Damping
                                                   12. aFr0We0N $on-cchote,WonipJy5
                                                         Maaier Corte Switch Cbnwlaen&.
                                                   14 800(SVDC MtpIW rSargwS~ic (
                                                   14) JMSInr Control SndU,r.Y
                                                        pdnorlhrRWwm$aba5


       Figure (5) A candidate electrical scheme for providing electrical power to the craft for
propulsion. This scheme will be one of several to be developed under the Prototype Production
Capability.

             Management and a brief Description of Proposed Activities

        The RAM Project is an elite team of prominent physicists, engineers, researchers, and
entrepreneurs who are committed to designing, building, operating, and marketing air and
spacecraft using propellantless propulsion systems based on zero-point energy gravitational field
control and nullification. While the general public, relying upon the mainstream media for news,
is largely unfamiliar with progress in this area, landmark papers published in various major
scientific journals in recent years show that this cutting edge technology is entirely practical. In
the white world, this is borne out, not only by the ongoing antigravity projects within Boeing,
British Aerospace, Lockheed, and others, but also by working models of propellantless thrusters,
such as those based on the 2001 NASA patent number 6,317,310.

                            RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                           12
                             RAM Company Proprietary Information
         RAM has also brought together several extremely competent subcontractors as well as
individual experts in a program designed that has the necessary expertise and is results oriented.
The Advanced Physics Foundation will be involved in early technology discovery and
maturation. It represents a confederation of expertise from government, industry and academia.
The RAM program Manager, assisted by an Advisory Group, will manage these activities. Final
authority and responsibility will rest with the Program Manager and the purpose of the Advisory
Group will be to assess the validity and technical competence of the ideas that will be examined.
They will also allocate funding, monitor progress, define schedules and identify milestone
requirements for each activity. These activities will validate predictions as well as provide
additional options that may be integrated into an overall program plan to produce the vehicle
during the next phase. They will also be responsible for tracking cost expenditures to ensure that
individual projects stay on track in terms of technical progress and costs. If there are troublesome
issues or it looks like progress will not be forthcoming, they will have the authority to cancel
these tasks with the sponsor's consensus, and redirect funding toward more proven and more
promising tasks.
         Some of these tasks are straightforward. For example, most ideas focus upon using
Gertsenshtein's principle, either directly or indirectly, concerning the conversion of
electromagnetic energy into gravity waves. Dr. Robert Forward suggested that a possible means
might exist for controlling gravity using electromagnetic means. It would be of value to have a
task that is oriented toward validating this notion. Basically the signal to noise ratio may be too
low to design and perform an unambiguous experiment; however, one experiment is identified
for your consideration.
         Concepts to validate the McCandlish's notions, especially the functioning of the craft's
central control column, possibly related to reverse engineering of some components, will be
examined. This will support replicating these capabilities and establishing a meaningful scientific
theory to demonstrate that there is a technical understanding of the ideas involved. Another part
of this activity will determine if the idea/technology could be reasonably scaled up from a bench
test in a laboratory to a piece of flight hardware.
         In support of examining other promising propulsion capabilities, we are also proposing a
replication, albeit with significant improvements, of Podkletnov's gravity beam experiment.
Here we are first looking at providing experimental data using a single-pulsed system and then
altering this to operate in a more continuous capability. If successful, this could be employed as
either a ground-based beam propelled system or go on-board the craft for directly generating
primary or control thrust for orienting.the spacecraft.
         Some of the proposed activities involve generating electromagnetic vortices, which may
also create a gravitational vortex. This could result in a singularity in the space-time continuum
and have propulsion implications. Another approach would investigate creating a repulsive
gravitational source. Such sources have been previously attributed to Dark Matter; however,
there may be other means to create similar effects.
         Another proposed activity will examine generating an electromagnetic singularity that
has been theoretically isolated. Here, the issue is to create an experiment to validate the theory
and if real, this could provide insights into the operational conditions in a spacecraft flight.
         At this point, one should realize that these are all portions of a logical process and
sequence of ideas for exploring, developing, and exploiting new technologies. Similarly, these
activities may consume considerable amounts of electrical power. For example the Podkletnov
Beam Experiment uses voltages that vary from 0.5 to 5 million volts. Here, the activity of


                            RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                           13
                              RAM Company Proprietary Information
developing the necessary circuitry and technical equipment would not be considered as part of
the Advanced Physics Foundation but rather support prototype developments. The craft and
laboratory needed to perform these tests will have to operate under such conditions without
creating a harmful environment to biological life forms. High-voltage switching capabilities,
either mechanical or electrical, and supporting electrical circuits require investigation as well, as
procurement of laboratory equipment. Because of this requirement, it is requested that the
sponsor should furnish RAM with at least $1 million up front to purchase such long-lead items,
laboratory equipment and maintain continuity of effort.
       The following sections present the proposed activities that will basically be carried out in
the functions of the Advanced Physics Foundation and the Prototype Production Capability.

           Mini-Proposal Tasks to be executed by the Advanced Physics Foundation

Priority                              Task Title                             Estimated Costs

   1       The GEM Tesla Vortex Areole Experiment                                      $975 K
   2       EM Conditioned Toroidal Fields                                              $625K
   3       Higher Symmetry Fields for Sensors and Power Generation                     $680 K
   4       Creating a Levitation Device based upon an Electrical Singularity           $550 K
   5       Producing Repulsive Gravitational Sources                                   $600 K
   6       Detecting and Measuring Gravitational Vortex Strength                       $650 K

                                                                     Total           $4,080 K

            Proposed Tasks to be Executed by the Prototype Production Capability

Priority                              Task Title                             Estimated Costs

   1       LSU Podkletnov Force Beam Experiment                             $1,050 K
   2       The Godin & Roschin (Searl) Experiment Replication/Modification   $600 K
   3       ARV Replication                                                 $14,950 K

                                                                   Total           $16,600 K
                                                      Total Program Costs          $20,680 K

        The values shown here are estimates. If the mini-program is not successful, it will be
stopped and, base upon sponsor's concurrence, the funds and manpower will be shifted to more
successful efforts. The following pages provide more details about each of these issues. Some
are straightforward while others are highly theoretical. Where there is a replication of, say a
Russian experiment, the goal is to validate the claimed effects within some margin and then
provide value-added changes that are designed to improve overall performance and provide
applicability directly to this task.


                            RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                           14
                              RAM Company Proprietary Information
                          Experimental Instrumentation Augmentation
        Several words are necessary regarding the proposed activities that will soon be described.
Some of these are theoretical activities while others may both involve defining theory that is
backed-up with experiments to validate the anticipated theoretical findings. The issue is that
instrumentation is required to not only validate expected results but also to insure that associated
hardware as well as support structure or rigs involved in the experiment will safely survive the
test. For example, some experiments will employ rotating masses at high speeds or large
structural loads. When dealing with high current and high voltage electromagnets, the
electromagnetic forces created could be so large that the device may suffer structural failure and
be destroyed. Thus force-free magnets will have to be considered in some of these experimental
apparatuses. In these situations, strain gauges will be used in regions of anticipated high stress
and strain to measure expansions that occur during the tests and ensure that structural limits, with
ultimate structural failure, do not occur.
        Thermal considerations in terms of high heat-rates and high heat-loads will also be
considered to prevent excessive thermal expansion and either thermal material failure or thermal
structural failure to include delamination of plastic composites, unexpected thermal expansion,
thermal mismatch using different materials, or other situations. Here, IR sensors augmented with
some thermocouples will be used to map the temperature distributions. If excessive temperatures
are found, then means to provide adequate cooling, using radiative, conductive, or convective,
will have to be included in the design.
        For either the propulsion system or in developing an alternative energy source, high
voltages and large amperages may be required. Ammeters and voltmeters will be used at critical
nodes in electrical systems to identify problems at the sub-system level either in circuitry,
magnets, or inductances. Where magnetic fields are expected, magnetometers will be used to
map the subsequent fields and this information will be used in conjunction with temperature and
stress distributions to uncover any anomalie's that could result in damage to either the hardware
itself or the supporting rig. Moreover, these instruments will be required to ensure there is no
unexpected build-up of either electrical power or electrical charges that can be detrimental.
        Finally, lasers are required to define specific activities within the field propulsion system
such as determining thrust. These will be characterized by power level, frequency, beam quality,
polarization and input power requirements. Beam target regions will also be instrumented to
ensure there is no unexpected beam reflection or other effects.


       The following section provides the mini-proposal tasks to be performed....


                            RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                           15
                              RAM Company Proprietary Information                            new

       The GEM TVA (Tesla Vortex Areole) Experiment
Concept
This concept involves a demonstration of the Vacuum Bernoulli Effect, seen in several
experiments where gyroscope weight loss was seen in Tesla-type rotating EM fields. The device
termed a TVA (Tesla Vortex Areole), involves confining a Tesla vortex inside a conducting skirt
or areole. This experiment creates strong rotating EM fields using three-phase power acting
against an ordinary or superconducting material to confine the Tesla Vortex field. This would
create lifting forces suitable for designing a flying vehicle with on-board. power.

History
Tesla invented the concept of a rotating EM field or "Tesla Vortex" in 1883 to create a poly-
phase induction motor. His invention led to 3-phase AC as the standard for electric power that
powers our civilization. Tesla also claimed to have developed a "dynamical theory of gravity"
based on his vortex, and demonstrated this effect for flight. Kozyrev, a Russian physicist, first
reported slight weight losses in aviation gyroscopes driven by Tesla 3-phase power. Weight loss
occurred only for clockwise rotations. These results were duplicated by Hayasaka and Takeguchi
and by Brandenburg and Kline. Tajmar using spinning superconductors also reported rotation
asymmetry effects. Faller reported that gyros driven by compressed air showed no such effects,
meaning the weight loss effect was related to the Tesla fields. Brandenburg and Kline however
found weight loss increased when the metal rotor was removed, suggesting that practical flight
technology might be possible. Scaling of the metal rotor weight loss effect to flight technology
appeared impossible. However, a. new rotor-less effect scaled strongly with frequency and field
strength agreed with predictions from the GEM theory (Brandenburg 1986, 2007). This GEM
theory predicted a VBE (Vacuum Bernoulli Effect) that is analogous to the aerodynamic
Bernoulli effect that allows human flight. This was seen in neutral buoyancy experiments, using
devices suspended by small balloons and excited by 3-phase power. Coils rose when excited and
sank when power was shut off, with weight losses of the order of 1 part in a thousand.
        The GEM theory was first formulated based on two key postulates: 1. Gravity fields are
arrays of ExB (Poynting flux) drifts found in plasma physics that affects all particles the same
regardless of charge or mass as an extension of the theory of Sakharov; 2. Gravity and EM
forces, protons, and electrons are unified at the Planck Length and separate into distinct
phenomena with the appearance of the fifth-dimension of Kaluza-Klein theory. The first
postulate leads to the Vacuum Bernoulli Equation (details explained in Volume In:
                                    _ R + E 2 _B 2
                                                                s2
                       (16nGy'K                           g2+       =0
                                fed - 16xG     8n       2xG u o c 2

                    rnrtoil


             Figure (1) A. Nikola Tesla, B. TVA, C. TVA device and umbilical.

Gravity fields can support waves that should be predictable, and of equal importance to flight

                              RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                             16
                                                                                                            RAM
                                 RAM Company Proprietary Information
technology, the GEM theory predicts EM production and allows detection of High Frequency
gravity waves for communication and surveillance as proposed by Gertsenshtein (1962). This
latter phenomenon will also be explored.

Description ofprogram
        The project will create a program of experiments and analysis to produce a TVA "flying
hubcap" laboratory-scale demonstrator that levitates using a power umbilical. High Frequency
gravity waves will also be generated and detected in a separate experimental effort. The TVA
will involve a 3-phase power supply to create a rotating magnetic field under a conducting skirt,
which may use superconductor to achieve maximum performance. The demonstrator will
validate the working principal of the concept as well as test different materials and
configurations used for the field coils and the areole skirt. The system will require an electrical
umbilical to supply power and perhaps a separate enclosure or room to screen out air currents
and EM fields. Experiments will initially assess neutral buoyancy using balloons to suspend a
TVA using wires to excite it. The lifting force will be demonstrated and optimized, in a program
of analysis and theory. Final Experiments will create a fully levitated "hubcap" with a power
umbilical.
        Instrumentation will determine thermal effects and measure the EM fields surrounding
the device during operation. Success will be measured by determining the lifting force as a
function of EM frequency, rotation direction, applied power, and field strength.

Proposer
                               will be the program manager assisted by Orbital Technologies
Corp. Staff including                 ,           h.D., and Martin Chiavarini Ph.D. Orbital
Technologies has significant experience in the space technology development arena and has
extensive machine and electrical shop operations.
                  ,

Estimated costs
Costs are estimated at $600 K for the main experimental effort to demonstrate the TVA.
Theoretical efforts are $200K and an additional '$175K for developing a high frequency gravity
wave generator and detector experiment. Costs include the design of a subscale/full-scale robotic
flight demonstrator to be proposed for a follow-on program

References
Brandenburg, J. E., (1986) "The GEM (Gravity and Electro-Magnetism) Theory of Field Unification", APS Bull. 20,
     6, pp. 944
Brandenburg J.E. and Kline J., Joint Propulsion Conf. AAIA-98-3137, (1998).
Faller J.E. et al. "Gyroscope-Weighing Experiment with a Null Result" , Phys Rev. Letters, 64, 8, 825, (1990).
Gertsenshtein, M.E. (1962)."Wave Resonance of Light and Gravity Waves" Soviet Physics JEW, 14, 1, pp.84-85.
Hayasaka, Hideo, and Takeuchi, Sakae, Phys. Rev. Letters, 63, 25, 1989, pp. 2701.
Kozyrev, N., A., Joint Publications Research Service #45238, (1968).
Tajmar, M. ; Plesescu, F. ; Seifert, B. ; and Marhold, K. (2006). Measurement of Gravitomagnetic and Acceleration
Fields Around Rotating Superconductors. arxiv:gr-qc/0610015v3.


                                RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                               17
                                                                                                                     RAM
                                   RAM Company Proprietary Information
        Higher Symmetry Fields by Toroids for Enhanced EM Performance
Concept
Theoretical and experimental work (Barrett, 1998, 2008; Froning and Hathaway, 2002) show
that enhanced electromagnetic fields and, possibly, enhanced propulsive fields may be formed
about a flight vehicle by toroidal coils with appropriate: geometry; windings; and frequencies.

Approach: The desire is to create magnetic and electric fields of ordinary electromagnetism, but
also A vector fields as well. Here, at resonant conditions, A potential field patterns of equal
magnitude and opposite direction form about a toroid in a single encircling A vector field that
can significantly increase the strength of the toroid's surrounding magnetic field. Thus, objects
are detected at longer range for a given RF, microwave, or laser power. Tests with caduceus-
wound coils indicate that toroid radiation could propagate through magnetically shielded "mu-
metal" enclosures and can focus in preferred directions. Moreover, operating at varying resonant
frequencies might keep toroid waveforms imperceptible to the frequencies and modulations that
are employed by adversary EM search and track systems. Thus, such modulation of toroid EM
radiation could make it very difficult for an adversary to detect a vehicle.
        It is feasible that a toroid can be used to enhance the propulsive field about a flight
vehicle. Russian research shows significant drag reduction when electrostatic pulse discharges
are augmented by EM fields. Thus, adding toroidal A field energy may significantly increase
vehicle propulsive performance. Further, we have derived a unique toroid printed circuit board
design (Fig 1) that allows toroid transmission systems to operate at very high microwave
frequencies that is embedded (like thin conformal antennas) within a flight vehicle's outer skin.
Such toroid systems can also be mounted on internal surfaces like engine walls to accelerate
ionized propulsive flows by A-field amplified Lorentz forces that are greater than those of
ordinary EM fields. Here, the unique magnetic and A field properties of a circularly wound torus,
with its unique "donut" topology, have been replicated by a printed circuit board having a
primary circuit and a secondary radial circuit equivalent to those of a circularly wound torus.

                     Direction of A field                                   Direction of A field
                                                                                          +
                      1                                                                   1


                                            I
Fig 1 Printed circuit board of a toroid radiator. Two flattened radial circuit components joined by two overlapping
wires that preserve the topology (the "hole in the donut" of a conventional circular torus. The circuit consists of a
primary circuit and a secondary radial circuit around the primary. This toroid radiator retains both the magnetic and
the A field properties of a conventional circular tows, but its fields have a directionality lacking in the circular torus.


                                   RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                                  18
                                  RAM Company Proprietary Information
Experiment Program Description:
        The first phase of the toroid development program consist of more comprehensive testing
of existing circular toroids that have already been briefly tested. This will include: (a) more field
pattern measurements at both resonant and non-resonant frequencies in the general radio
frequency spectrum of 400 KHz to 110 MHz — to confirm the significant increase in signal
strength and range as resonant frequency is reached; (b) more toroid propagation testing through
magnetically shielded enclosures with special precautions to minimize stray voltage leaking from
power leads that affect received signal strength; and (c) more precise range testing at resonant
toroid frequencies and "current-opposing" modes of operation where anomalous toroid signal
strengths (that did not vary with increase in range) were measured during initial testing.
        The second phase of the toroid development program will develop and test circuit board
radiator designs that allow toroid transmission frequencies as high as those of millimeter wave
radars. To develop needed control of A beam directionality and frequency, a number of circuit
board radiators will be fabricated of varying dimensions and geometry. Although EM field
topology determines the generation of their A fields, it is the radiator geometry that directs the
fields. Calibration and testing the radiators will take place on a suitable range with three kinds of
antennas: (a) toroid circuit board radiators used as antennas; (b) A variety of conventional E-field
antennas; and (c) A variety of B field antennas. Transmitted signals will be amplified and
displayed by CRT methods and transmit and receive power levels            be carefully compared.

Principle Investigator:                           currently is the principal at BSEI. He received
the M.A. Honors, summa cum laude, from Edinburgh University, Scotland and the Ph.D. degree
from Stanford University, California. He was awarded a NATO Studentship from the Science
Research Council of Great Britain and has held Oak Ridge Associated Universities S-Contracts.
He has worked in academia as a tenured professor of biophysics at the University of Tennessee,
and as a visiting professor of chemistry, University of Oregon and a Visiting Fellow, Princeton
University; an Intergovernmental Act Appointee (WA) Research Physicist and Applied
Mathematician at the Naval Research Laboratory; and a Naval Air Systems Command program
manager in materials science. He has a multidisciplinary research and systems integration
background and authored over 135 research papers and 10 patents. He is also presently adjunct
professor of computational sciences at George Mason University.


Estimated Toroid Development costs
Phase 1; Testing of Existing Toroids ($125k).
Phase 2: Radiator circuit board: design ($125k); fabrication ($150k); Tests ($225k).
Total Cost: $625,000

References:
Barrett, T.W., The toroid antenna as a conditioner of electromagnetic fields into (low energy) gauge fields.
    Speculationsin Science & Technology 21(4),291-320,1998.
Barrett, T.W., The toroid antenna as a conditioner of electromagnetic fields into (low energy) gauge fields. V.V.
     Dvoeglazov (Ed.) Advances in Physics, Nova Science, New York, 2000.
Barrett, T.W., Topological approaches to electromagnetism. Pp. 699-734 in M. Evans (Ed.) Modern Nonlinear
    Optics, 2"d edition, Wiley Interscience, NY, 2001.
Barrett, T.W., Topological Foundations of Electromagnetism, World Scientific, 2008.
Froning, H.D., and Hathaway, G.W., Specially Conditioned EM Radiation Research with Transmitting Toroid
    Antennas, AIM 2001-3658, 37`h AIAA/ASME?SAE?ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, Salt
    Lake City, UT, 2001

                                 RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                                19
                             RAM Company Proprietary Information
    Higher Symmetry Fields of EM Beams for Sensors and Power Generation
Summary
Barrett (1997-2008) has shown: that modulating both the polarization and the rotation of an
ordinary electromagnetic (EM) beam will transform its fields from simple U field symmetry to
a higher SU2 form; and that rate of this polarization modulated and rotation modulated SU2
beam energy can be faster than the electronic, vibrational or dipole relaxation times for atoms
and molecules that pass through the beam. This fast rate of polarization and rotation modulation
can thus reduce EM beam propagation losses in the atmosphere and ionosphere. Similarly, fast
polarization and rotation of the beam's internal wave energy can be faster than the sampling rates
of passive or active search and track systems — thus, making the internal EM wave energy within
polarization/rotation modulated SU2 beams imperceptible to detection systems. SU2 beams also
contain A fields as well as E and B fields, providing possible enhancing magnetohydrodynamic
force and power generation because A fields amplify the Lorentz forces of SU2 fields.
Proposed Experiments:
Three types of experiments will be performed, using existing CW CO2 lasers and existing laser
laboratory and laser range facilities that are available at the Directorate for Applied Technology
and Simulation (DATTS) at the U.S. Army White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico. Two
existing 30W CW carbon dioxide (CO2) lasers will be modified for polarization and rotation
modulation by aligning their beams at right angles to each other and by increasing or decreasing
the wavelength of one laser by as much as 3 % and increasing the wavelength of the other as
much as 15%. Power of the 2 laser's will be focused into a single beam with a maximum beam
density of — 300W/ m2. And rates of rotation and polarization modulation of beam wave energy
will be made faster than the 10 10 s relaxation rates of air molecules along the laser beam path.

Range Experiments: DATTS laser range instrumentation will be used to measure deposition of
laser energy within paper-thin targets at various distances along the path of a laser beam. The
combined CW, CO2 laser system will operate in both ordinary and rotation/polarization
modulation modes to determine the influence of rotation/polarization modulation on loss of EM
wave energy during atmospheric propagation. These tests should provide direct comparison of
energy loss by oidinary and specially modulated laser beams during atmospheric propagation.

Interferometer Experiments: An existing low power helium-neon (HeNe) laser, beam splitters
and mirrors, the laser interferometer circuit as shown in Fig .1A will be used to measure the
difference in phase of clockwise and counterclockwise HeNe beam paths. Phase differences will
manifest as fringe shifts upon a screen. The fringes will be photographed using a variety of
cameras to achieve spatial accuracies that are between 0.3 to 1.4 % of the wavelength of the
HeNe laser light. The output of the 2 orthogonally polarized CO2 lasers will be aligned to
overlap one of the HeNe interferometer beams over about 10 m of its length. Thus, one beam of
HeNe radiation will traverse a 10 m long and 5 mm wide cylindrical region of air and space that
is perturbed by EM fields of the polarization and rotation modulated CO2 laser beam. If such
perturbation of air or space causes a HeNe laser propagation speed change as small as 10 %,
this change can be detected by the interferometry. About 15 different rates of CO2 laser. rotation/
polarization will be examined during 15 runs — with each preceded by a run with no CO2 laser
modulation at all.


                            RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                           20
                                                                                                                lt~y'G
                                                                                                                 nem
                                  RAM Company Proprietary Information
Polarization Modulation and Rotation (PRIZM) Cavity Experiments: In these experiments, the
orthogonally polarized CO2 CW lasers at White Sands are used in conjunction with spheres that
are fabricated with internally reflecting surfaces. Here, as shown in Fig1B, the CO2 laser beam
entering the cavity will change polarization and rotation at every reflectance. Such multiple
reflections, which vary with initial entry angle and numbers of cavity traversals, maximize the A
field content of polarization and rotation modulated EM beams. Maximizing A field content can
maximize internal beam energy such that the beam possess "self-induced transparency" (STT),
which enables the beam to penetrate through dense media that normally absorb or scatter EM
beams of radiation. Ability of A field radiation from the polarization and rotation modulated CO2
CW laser beam at White Sands to penetrate media such as the Earth's surface and to pass
undetected through sensing and receiver systems will be explored with these cavity experiments.

   White Sands Interferometer Experiment                   POLMOD & ROTATE (PRIZM) CAVITIES

                                                          2Beam Input
                                    1: Calibration                                   A: One Traversal
                                                          Orthogonally
                                       C                  Polarized
      source
                                                                 4~
                                                                  J
                                                                    O/

   A Field Perturbation                                   2 Beam Input               B: Multiple
                                      2: Test             Orthogonally               Traversals
                                                          Polarised
      source                           C


                         A                                                     B
Fig lA Interferometer experiments: In the calibration phase, two beams from a HeNe laser are sent around the two
arms, A and B, and are overlapped at C. In the test, an A field generated by a polarization and rotation modulated
CO2 laser beam at White Sands is applied to one of the HeNe arms, and an expected phase change observed at C.
Fig 1B. Polarization Modulation & Rotation (PRIZM) Cavity experiments: Two beams from two orthogonally
polarized lasers enter a cavity within a sphere with internally reflecting surfaces change polarization and rotation at
every reflectance as a function of angle of incidence. An exit is provided which can be reached after a number of
reflections. After exit the 2 orthogonal beams have become fused into 1 polarization modulated and rotated beam.
Principle Investigator:
T.W. Barrett, BSEI; barrett506@aol.com (Phone) 703-759-4518 (Fax) 703-757-5313

Estimated costs: $680,000
Range Experiment: $80,000
Interferometer Experiment: $100,000
PRIZM Cavity Experiment: Design $80,000; Fabrication $300,000; Test $120,000
References:
Barrett, T.W., A Polarization-Rotation Modulated, Spread Polarization-Rotation, Wide-Bandwidth Communication
  System. U.S. Patent 5,592,177 dated January 7th, 1997.
Barrett, T.W, Topological approaches to electromagnetism. Pp. 699-734 in M. Evans (Ed.) Modern Nonlinear
  Optics, 2nd edition, Wiley Interscience, NY, 2001.
Barrett, T.W., Topology and the physical properties of the electromagnetic field. Apeiron 7,3-11,2000.
Barrett, T.W., Topological foundations of electromagnetism. Annales de la Fondation Louis de Broglie, special
   edition: en hommage k George Lochak pour son 70eme anniversaire, 26, 55-79, 2001.
Barrett, T.W., Topological Foundations of Electromagnetism, World Scientific, 2008.


                                  RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                                 21
                                                                                               DEG
                                                                                               RAM
                              RAM Company Proprietary Infonnation
         Creating a Levitation Device based upon an Electrical Singularity
Concept
This effort proposes to create an antigravity machine that provides levitation capabilities.
                                                    V r2tnsin2 BdO
The effect is provided by the equation: ve =             I       Ti                              (1)
                                               c 511kVI I             Idt°
                                                              Sjjk V
       The gravitational cancellation is given by ve = c dt/dt°, where: ve is the impulse/m of the
antigravity effect, wis the angular velocity, the Voltage is V, the square of the radius of electron
rotation?, with optimal 8-90 ° with rapid oscillation d0a'dt°. There is a singularity given at V = '
511 kV so that this levitation effect is very large at that voltage. Such a machine could be mass-
produced similar to today's family car.

Problem: This is a vision of new theories in physics that are beyond the standard model based
on a generally covariant generalization of the Dirac equation. This is found by substituting
general covariance (in the form of a ~tc,,)into the standard Dirac equation:
                           2~(~tc yt`ayAdxt.) - to yr= 0 with tso°=1/r.=1- rn/r                 (2)
 (with ic,0 = 1-2eZ/rmec2 =1- rn/r). (See: http://davidmaker.com for more details). This equation
is generally covariant by construction with general covariance being the most natural next step
beyond the special covariance of the usual Dirac equation. Baryons can be readily explained as
half integer spherical harmonics near rc'tH. We thereby dispense with that long list of free
parameters and assumptions associated with gauge derivatives that have plagued theoretical
physics for the past 30 years and we are still able to get the standard model physics core results.
Note it is not the standard gravity rH = 2GM/c2 of general relativity. We can derive this gravity
rH by doing a radial coordinate transformation of this rH to the metric comoving with the
cosmological expansion. There is a dt/dt° in the resulting coordinate transformation term of that
equation that in fact gives the gravity contribution.
         Since this new E&M rH works to give us the physics we should be able to plug it into the
classical metric equation such as the Schwarzchild or even the Kerr metric thereby replacing rH
= 2GM/c2 with 2eZ/nn c2. Given a Kerr metric use
                      z
        dsZ=pZ         +d9Z +~rZ +aZ)sinZ 9dcb —cZdtZ +—Zr jasin2 9d0—cdt)2 ,
                  0                                          p                                   (3)
to find the time differential dt with respect to rotating electrons in the magnetic field for
example, where:
                            p2 (r,B)=—rz +az cos2 9; A(r)=—r2 -2mr+a2 ,
with the angular momentum given by: a = (v/c) r. Solving equation 3 as a quadratic equation in
dt gives us:
                        e2     v     z
   dt _       B       m c 2 r—sia B dB                             Vr 2 (m/c)      sin 2 B    dB
  dto         A)         r              dto                          511 kV             V 1 dto
                                                                              I\ll 511 kV)
This dt cancels the dt in the gravitational field derivation (mentioned above) to annul gravity.


                            RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                          22
                                                                                                                  RAM
                                   RAM Company Proprietary Information
Proposed Approach/Solution: A 1 MV Marx pulse generator is used to create a large V impulse
originating from a superconducting disk and moving to the anode. If the experimental results
satisfy equation (4) we should proceed with the next step of building a prototype.
        Note from equation 4 the impulse/in = ve = k IV?(w/c 511 kV) sine B (dB/dt )/(1-V/511
kV) , we need a rapidly rotating charge (0) near a voltage of 511 kV with large dO'dt with BO so
that sin B I. The integrand must be phased however or it will average to zero over time. This
requires using x band microwaves to create d&dt parallel to the angular momentum vector. At
dG'dt =1 billion, equation (4) gives a large effect. Similarly, the voltage has to oscillate above
and below 511 kV in phase with this dofdt so that the sign on the integrand remains a constant.
Also the 511 kV charge must be maintained on a rotator, oscillator and below the opposite
charge on a nonrotator. This results in a net charge of zero. The charge might be maintained in a
Teflon cover so that it does not leak out.

Anticipated Results: Two disks of opposite charge, each encased in Teflon, would be used. One
disk is rotating and the other stationary. The rotating disk would exhibit all of the behaviors of
equation (4) and yet the net charge would be zero for an outside observer making this
transportation method safe. These vehicles could be manufactured as cheaply as cars are today.
We could take vacations in orbit as well as hover to and from work. We could live in the sky.
Transportation would be revolutionized like it never has been before.

Resources: Dr.                  eceived his Ph.D. in physics from the Oregon Graduate Center has
been involved with supporting space-related activities at NASA Marshall Space Flight Center
and will perform this effort. The schedule implies that he will design the necessary experiments
in the first three months after contract start, build the required experimental hardware during the
next three months to include measuring instrumentation, perform the supporting experiments
during the next three months, and document results and conclusions. If the laboratory
demonstration is successful, he will spend the next three months identifying scaling factors and
other parameters, to predict performance and requirements, for a full-scale demonstrator. Costs
are estimated at $550 K where $200 K involves purchasing a generator.

References
Maker, D., Electrostatic 512kV Rotator/Oscillator Propulsion System, STAIF 2004.
Maker, D., Quantum Physics and Fractal Space Time, Chaos, Solitons, Fmctals,10, No.l, (1999), pp.32
Maker, D., "Propulsion Implications of a New Source for the Einstein Equations", in proceedings of Space Technology and
   International Forum (STALE 2001), edited by M. El-Genk, AIP Proceeding Melville, NY,2001, pp.618-629.
Maker, D., "Very Large Propulsive Effects Predicted for a 512 kV Rotator", IAC-04-S.P.10, 55th International
   Astronautical Congress of the International Astronautical Federation, the International Foundation of
   Astronautics, and the International Institute of Space Law, Vancouver, Canada, Oct. 4-8, 2004


                                 RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                                23
                                                                                                                    O~G
                                                                                                                    RAM
                                 RAM Company Proprietary Information
                          Producing Repulsive Gravitational Sources
Concept
In developing gravitational models, they may have produced unusual enigmatic results that
warrant investigation that may lead to insights regarding levitation. Some of these are an
outgrowth of examining basic phenomenon that relates to motion of a gyroscope, that according
to the U.K. Dr. Eric Laithwaite, the Russian physicists Professor Kosyrev and Dr. Shipov and
American Dr. Robert Forward, may not obey Newtonian mechanics. Some of this enigma may
be resolved based upon a model for a Magnetar by Prof. Winterberg at the University of Nevada.

Description of the Problem: Jefimenko formulated his gravity model by identifying several
inconsistencies that could not be satisfied by the conventional wisdom. Newtonian gravity is
based upon:
                      g=-0¢and: OZ O=4rvGp; where: g=7/r 2.                              (Z)

The distance between the two bodies is r, G is the Newtonian gravitational constant, g is the
gravitational field, ¢ is the gravitational potential, and p is the mass source density. The solution
for g depends upon boundary conditions where gravity disappears at infinity. This model does
not include time and is unable to predict phenomenon that would be related to gravitational
waves, which are a disturbance in the space-time continuum. These inconsistencies included
effects due to frame-dragging or other notions that could not be evaluated. For example:
A fast-moving point mass passing a spherically-symmetric body causes the latter to rotate,
A mass moving with rapidly decreasing velocity exerts an attractive and repulsive force on neighboring bodies,
A fast-moving mass passing a stationary mass exerts an explosion-like force on the latter,
—A rotating mass that is suddenly stopped causes neighboring bodies to rotate, and
—The period of revolution of a planet or satellite is affected by the rotation of the central body.

Jefimenko's vector gravitational law uses tow fields—a gravitational field and a weaker
cogravitational field---suggests that the gravitational force between two bodies is an attraction as
well as an induced angular momentum effect. One could extend this to explain such effects of
why the basic moons show the same face to an observer on a major planet's surface. The
conventional wisdom suggests that this is a tidal effect and not due to angular momentum.
Briefly, Jefimenko's definition of gravity between two bodies is:
              G      m                                  r\ a11
         g=                  )3 frr   rv~l    Vz ii       -r y Ix-lJ                       Z o    3c       vo        (2)
               r( l-r•v/rc       l     c      c JJJ         c/ c             rLll
                                                                          -G m          2C ) r
                                                                                         v             ?        j

The vector terms represent an attractive-force considering relativistic effects while the vector cross- '
product is representative of the angular momentum effect. Note that the attractive force is not only
a function of distance but also of the relative velocities between the two bodies.
Jefimenko also suggests that Generalized Newtonian theory is based on the idea that the
gravitational-cogravitational field is the seat for momentum and energy. Einstein's equivalence
principle forbids gravitational energy as a source of a gravitational field. Jefimenko claims this is
not a convincing or compelling argument since gravitational energy is hardly prominent. A
nonlinear gravitational field can admit both gravity and anti-gravity. This assumes a finite field
at the origin that results in:
                                          O•S = —4zGp+2cZz .                                                         (3)

Jefimenko derived the above equation based purely upon Newtonian gravity considerations

                                RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                              24
                                  RAM Company Proprietary Information
alone. The second source term is of interest. Note that this field is a function of itself and the
issue is to create such a nonlinear field within the spacecraft propulsion system. The squared
source term allows for both (+) gravity and (-) anti-gravity effects. Interestingly such a gravity
model was very troublesome to Einstein because it represents a field that feeds upon itself.
Although Einstein. initially developed a similar model, he ignored it and went on to develop his
•theory on space-time curvature.
Winterberg looks at a laboratory analogue of a geodynamo or Magnestar that involves a rapidly
rotating liquid metal. A Magnestar is a neutron star with an extremely strong magnetic field
generated by the convection of hot nuclear matter that is a consequence of nuclear reactions.
                                                                        m2
                       p -g = -4nGp =2w 2 , where p—
                                                                       2 zG                         (4)
The source term p is negative indicating a repulsive mass density. If a gyroscope is placed at 450
on a table and let go, the gyroscope falls. However, if the rotor is spinning, it stays at this angular
alignment and rotates in a circumferential direction where the conventional wisdom suggests
angular momentum explains this effect. An alternative solution is that the rotation induces a
repulsive gravitational source that levitates the gyroscope according to equation (4)

Proposed Approach/Solution: The problem will be one where we investigate and define an
experiment that will induce the second source term in equation (3) and the repulsive gravitational
source term in equation (4). This will be achieved by rotating at extremely high RPM, a vessel
containing a liquid metal within a magnetic field. The vessel and its rotation mechanism will be
suspended and weighed at different speeds and magnetic field strengths.

Anticipated Results: If §uccessful, this concept would represent a back-up approach to support
the ARV design in case the main effort runs into technical difficulties.

Resources: The principal investigator is P. A. Murad. The first version of this device will be a
small laboratory model that will cost $300 K to include detectors, experimental equipment,
machining costs and personnel costs. If successful, the equipment will be scaled up to produce
flight.rated hardware, which would cost an additional $300 K.
P. A. Murad, Ufoguvpaul@yahoo.com, (703)759-2028.

References
Jefimenko, O. D.: Gravitation and Cogravitation, Electret Scientific Company Star City, ISBN 0-917406-15-X, 2006.
Jefimenko, O. D.: Causality Electromagnetic Induction and Gravitation, Electret Scientific Company, Star City, 1992.
Jefimenko, O. D.: Electromagnetic Retardation and Theory of Relativity, Electret Scientific Company, Star City, 1997.
Murad, P. A.: "An Ansatz Regarding Relativistic Space Travel: Part II- Propulsion Realities", in Proceedings of Space
     Technology and Applications International Forum (STAIF-2008), edited by M. S. El-Genk, AIP Conference Proceedings
     746, Melville, New York, 2008.
Mu[ad, P. A.: "Exploring Gravity and Gravitational Wave Dynamics, Part I: Gravitational Anomalies and Part II: Gravity
     Models", STAIF-2007, Albuquerque, New Mexico, February 2007.
Murad, P. A.: "New Frontiers and Future Concepts: Leave No Inquisitive Mind Behind!" co-authored with Glen Robertson,
     STAIF-2004, Albuquerque, New Mexico, February 2004,
Murad, P. A.: "A Proposed Model for Capturing Gravitational Spin Anomalies", STAIF-2004, Albuquerque, New Mexico,
     February 2004. Published in American Physics Journal.
Murad, P. A.:. "Understanding Anomalies to Extract Vacuum Energy", STAIF-2004, Albuquerque, New Mexico, February 2004.
     Published in American Physics Journal.
Winterberg, F.: "Thermonuclear Dynamo inside an Alfven Black Hole", University of Nevada, Reno.


                                 RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                               25
                                                                                                D~G
                                                                                                 RdM
                              RAM Compaizy Proprietary Information
   A Methodology for Detecting and Measuring Gravitational Vortex Strength
                 and Validating the Gertsenshtein Principle.
Concept
        Most of the notions for this field propulsion concept will involve rotating mechanisms or
rotating electromagnetic fields. These will most likely entrap air within the atmosphere due to
ionization and create a fluid dynamic vortex. Gertsenshtein's principle suggests that there is a
coupling between large E-M fields and gravity. It is feasible that this E-M vortex will induce a
gravitational vortex. The idea is to detect and characterize this vortex.

Description of Program: Murad has developed many gravitational law models that evolve from
Newton to Jefimenko. Alt of these models have some commonality in that they require using the
`del' mathematical operator. For two-dimensions, this suggests that complex variables are usable
which suggests that the domain of interest may possess gravitational sources or sinks as well as
vortices. Sources represent celestial bodies. Sinks are something yet to be discovered. However,
vortices can be used to determine lift, just like in simple aerodynamic theory. The issue is how
do we measure a gravitational source?
        In fluid flow problems, irrotational flows are flows that do not have vortices. If a cork .
with an arrow painted on top of it, floats in such a flow the arrow would always point in the same
general direction. If a vortex exists, the flow is irrotational and the cork will not only rotate about
the vortex axis but also rotate about its own axis. This will be demonstrated by the rotation of the
arrow. This idea is needed to identify the existence and strength of a gravitational vortex. The
approach requires the use of a marker to describe the vortex characteristics. Gravity attracts
mass. However, an electromagnetic vortex could be strong enough to strip electrons from atoms
and ionize a medium to attract such ions, or mass as well:
        A gravitational vortex would have the same capability. Light interacts with gravity. For
example, strong direct current magnetic or electrical fields may not bend light in either a vacuum
or a linear medium. There is some question about this being feasible in an environment with
alternating current high-strength electrical and magnetic field where some speculate that there
may be some electron-photon or photon-photon scattering. This phenomenon governing high-
strength fields and their affects needs to be investigated as well. Light is, however, bent by
gravity as demonstrated by Einstein early during his career when observing an eclipse.


             Figure (1) Photographic evidence of vortices created by these devices...


                             RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                            26
                                                                                                                      DAM
                                    RAM Company Proprietary Information


                                                                      Figure (2)Based upon a sighting at
                                                                      Wanaque, New Jersey Jan-1966,
                                                                      there was a rising of water by a foot
                                                                      or so directly under the UFO. (See
                                                                      Website WaterUFO.net by Carl
                                                                      Feindt, compiled by putting together
                                                                      elements from 100s of reports).


        The experiment would require a device to evaluate a system capable of generating an
electromagnetic vortex operating in a horizontal fashion. The vortex plume, or region around the
vortex, will be interrogated using a stream of marker particles that are detected at a given
frequency possibly illuminated by a laser. The presence of the vortex will envelope the marker
particles and shows the swirl pattern. A second laser that uses visible light will also illuminate
the region where the vortex is assumed to reside. The light emitted from the second laser will be
used to see if there is any departure in the beam from a straight line as it is initially shines against
a background target board from the outer edge of the vortex toward the center. The degree of
departure is an indication of the vortex existence and its strength. It is not yet obvious if
maximum deflection occurs at the outer edge or in the central core region.

Experimental Apparatus: This will involve several multiple colored visible laser beams as well
as gas cylinders containing marker particles that can be illuminated by these lasers or another
type of laser using an undetected optical beam. The device will be on a rail that very slowly
translates up and down pausing for specific measurements. These will be calibrated for bend
angle and swirl pattern as a function of vortex operating conditions such as electrical power or
other observable parameters.

Resources: The principle investigator will be P. A. Murad. Several lasers will be required as well
as laboratory support equipment. Estimated costs are $650 K.
P. A. Murad, Ufoguvpaul@vahoo.com, (703)759-2028.

References
Murad, P. A.: "Revisiting Gravitational Anomalies and a Potential Solution", to be presented in February 2009 at Huntsville,
    Ala.
Murad, P. A.: "An Ansatz Regarding Relativistic Space Travel: Part II- Propulsion Realities", in Proceedings of Space
    Technology and Applications International Forum (STAIF-2008), edited by M. S. El-Genk, AIP Conference Proceedings
    746, Melville, New York, 2008.
Murad, P. A.: "Exploring Gravity and Gravitational Wave Dynamics, Pan I: Gravitational Anomalies and Pan II: Gravity
    Models", STAIF-2007, Albuquerque, New Mexico, February 2007.


                                   RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                                  27
                                                                                                                  RAM
                                    RAM.Company Proprietary Information
                           Podkletnov force beam experiments at LSU
Concept
A completely novel aerospace propulsion system arises from experimental results published in a peer-
reviewed research journal by Podkletnov and Modanese [1]. This paper describes the results from a
single-pulsed high-voltage discharge through a superconductor, which produces a significant force acting
at a distance. The claim is that a pendulum is set in motion 0.8 km away from the device. If true, the
device could be used to ground-launch space craft as well as propel a vehicle in space. However, the
absence of any independent verification of these claims is currently an important impediment to further
progress in this field. In fact claims are so startling that the Western technical community easily dismissed
them. An unbiased test needs to be completed before any further sensible development can take place to
see if this technology is valid.
Description of program
The proposal is in two parts. The first part is to replicate the Podkletnov high-voltage beam
experiment as closely as possible within the budget and time available. Previous assessments have
confirmed that the high-voltage testing can be performed in collaboration with the High Voltage
Laboratory available at Mississippi State University, one of the foremost high-voltage facilities in the
world, and the superconducting sample in the device can be fabricated by specialists at Gravi Atomic
Research, Madison, AL. The second part is to undertake a novel experiment where the device is modified
using a high-voltage pulse technique to produce a quasi-continuous effect. This           require a unique
custom-designed pulse-transformer to      generate the necessary  repetitive high voltage  pulses within a
laboratory. A leading high-power electrical contractor, Northrop Grumman (Albuquerque, NM), can
produce a transformer with the required performance.. This approach allows portability and the possibility
of generating the effect repetitively up to 100Hz. The possibility of producing a quasi-continuous effect,
rather than the claimed single pulse effect reported thus far, would immensely increase the utility of the
device if it could be verified unambiguously.
Unique features of the proposed program include an inexpensive method of obtaining temperatures
significantly reduced below 77K for superconductivity, eliminating using expensive liquid helium or
closed-cycle cryostat, and developing a novel method of improving the utility of the effect.
                                         Discharge            Inner coil
                                        to Collector                       YBCO Emitter
                    ////    Collector                  1
                                                                                           Conducting Tube
                       Pendulum                                                           containing liquid gas


                      Gravity Impulse
                          Beam


                Up to 5 Pendulums in
                    a row tested                                                 High voltage in
                              Vacuum chamber               Outer coil
                       FIGURE 1. Original gravitational impulse apparatus due to Podkletnov [1].

A simplified diagram of the basic experimental equipment is shown in Fig. 1. The original vacuum
chamber [1] was --1.5m long and —lm diameter. The residual pressure required is 1Pa (= 0.0lmbar =-
7.5x10-3torr) that may be obtained in a reasonable time by using a high-performance rotary pump with a
booster. The high-power force beam device requires a high voltage discharge between an YBCO emitter
disk and a metal collector inside a vacuum chamber. Details regarding the superconducting target
fabrication underwent a number of iterations in the documented history of the experiment [1]. A magnetic

                                   RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                                  28
                                  RAM Company Proprietary Information
field B - 0.9T is produced by a NdFeB magnet fixed between the cryostat and the YBCO disk, and/or the
current through the inner coil. It has been suggested [1] that this discharge must occur within helium gas
at the specified pressure, so facilities for back filling with helium will also be incorporated.
The high voltage discharge is initially produced by a capacitor bank (Marx generator) charged to 0.5 —
2MV and then discharged through the emitter disk giving a current of —104A peak at 2MV. (The facility
at Mississippi State University can operate up to 3MV.) A repulsive force beam impulse generated by the
discharge is ejected from the collector end of the apparatus. A number of test pendulums in line with the
direction of the discharge moved immediately after the electrical discharge [1]. The emitter must be
cooled to 50 - 70K so that it is superconducting in the applied magnetic field. This is challenging both for
a conventional small closed-cycle cryostat and for expensive liquid refrigerant because of the emitter size
(>4" diameter, several mm thick) and its consequent large thermal capacity, and it must be insulated to 2
or 3MV or more. To solve these problems the cryostat will be constructed so that the refrigerant space can
be evacuated using a small rotary pump. This is a standard cryogenic procedure that, with all-glass
construction and using inexpensive liquid NZ refrigerant, rapidly achieves temperatures down to —55K
even with a large thermal capacity load, precisely within the range of temperatures required [I]. This
technique would enable considerable economy, ease of operation, and access to the required temperature
not achieved by previous researchers.
The YBCO disk must contain two phases, one a normal conductor and the other•a superconductor below
its critical temperature TO = 92K [2]. These can be fabricated either as two layers [1] or as multidomain
material [2]. The details of the superconducting target fabrication have undergone a number of iterations
in the documented history of the experiment [1].
To improve upon single-pulse demonstration of this effect, a fast repetitive effect, even if smaller at lower
voltage, may be more useful. In the second part of this program a high-power air-cored pulse transformer
driven by a high-power thyratron will replace the Marx bank. Asymmetric secondary voltages of up to
500kV will be produced by the transformer and applied to the discharge apparatus, which will therefore
produce one force beam impulse for each cycle of the high-voltage drive. The achievable PRF is
estimated to be up to —100Hz [3], effectively giving continuous mechanical effects. No particular
deleterious effects are expected during the opposite polarity excursion of the applied voltage, since the
amplitude of the opposite excursion can be made much smaller than the required polarity peak value and
the collector electrode is typically fabricated of copper metal. Therefore, the opposite voltage polarity
cannot involve the superconductive properties of the emitter electrode in the same manner.
Proposer
                  s currently is the Department Chairman and            Distinguished Professor at the Department of
 Electrical and Computer    Engineering,  Louisiana State University, Baton  Rouge. He holds Master's and Doctor's
 degrees  in Physics from  the  University of Oxford, UK. He  has worked  as a postdoctoral Research Assistant in the
 Engineering Science Department, University of Oxford; Senior Scientist at Plessey Research (Caswell) Ltd.;
 Lecturer (subsequently Senior Lecturer) in Electronic and Electrical Engineering at the University of Sheffield; full
'Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Iowa State University. He has authored more than 90 research
 publications. In 2005 he was awarded the D.Sc. Higher Doctorate by the University of Oxford, and in 2006 he was
 elected a Fellow of the JET (formerly the WE). He is also a Senior Member of IEEE.


Estimated costs
Part 1: replication, 4650k; part 2: repetitive operation, 4400k; final documentation and concept test.
References
[1] E. Podklemov & G. Modanese, J. Low Temp. Phys.132, 239 (2003)
[2] R.C. Woods, S.G. Cooke, J. Helme & C.H. Caldwell, Proc. 37th AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion
    Con£, Salt Lake City, Utah, U.S.A. (2001)
[3] J. Wells (Northrop Grumman), private communication, 2005

                                  RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                                 29
                                                                                                lt A
                              RAM Company Proprietary Information                                RAM


              The Godin & Roschin (Sean) Experiment Replication and
                                  Modification
Concept
The concept of interest involves a modification of the Godin & Roschin device. This will involve
modifications to initially consider a double ring affair as well as dimensions that are larger than
current research experiments suitable for a flying vehicle.

History
Searl, an inventor from the U.K. developed what he claimed was a magnetic diode device used to
both creating electrical power at low speed and a propulsive force to induce levitation when
operated at a higher speed. One view is that an atom with its electrons could be considered
similar to a gyroscope where the net.product is that the gyroscopic force results in inertia. This is
comparable to the notion of a Searl device where rollers rotate about their axis while revolving
around a magnetized ring. Each roller is analogous to an electron orbiting a nucleus. Searl
mentions specific manufacturing processes to produce the rollers and ring. In this design, he uses
a ferromagnetic core that is insulated by a Teflon sleeve that separates an outside aluminum
sleeve per roller. In a pre-magnetization process, the roller maintains a voltage drop of up to 50
volts. Thus the rollers are strong magnets as well as contain an electrical surface charge that
revolves about a similar ring. Thus the device contains moving 3-dimensional magnetic fields as
well as electrical charges resident in each roller comparable to ideas mentioned by Petkov.


   Figure (1) Sketches of the Searl device, photographs of a model and use in a large craft...

Although his device is shrouded in controversy since very little technical information is
available, the replication by the Russian scientists Godin & Roschin has provided data indicating
that weight reductions of the order of 30% may have occurred. Similar difficulties exist with the

                            RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                           30
                                  RAM Company Proprietary Information
Russian experimental data since the original device was destroyed. However, the Russians are
creating a newer version of this system that was recently constructed and shown elsewhere in
this proposal. If the initial indications of this experiment suggested the Searl or the first Godin &
Roschin device did not work, why would the Russians construct a second device?

Description ofprogram
        The project will first create a replication of this experiment to produce a laboratory-scale
demonstrator. This will involve a mechanism that will use a single and modified latter to include
variants such as double ring system using the cage approach by the Russians and other unique
designs. The demonstrator will validate the working principal of the concept as well as test
different materials used for either the rollers and/or rings. The system will require an electric
motor to reach operational speeds, a mechanical brake to maintain speeds at a desired rotation
rate (some data suggests that the device tends to speed up without the electric motor drive which
is disconnected, and may go too fast creating structural problems), and a weight scale to measure
the overall weight of the armature that contains the cage used to support and align the rollers.
Each roller in the cage will be made of various elements to include a rare earth element and a
ferromagnetic metal. The rollers will be mounted on ball bearings and fixed to the interior of the
cage.
        Instrumentation will determine thermal effects and measure the device's surrounding
magnetic field during operation. Success will be measured by determining the weight reduction
as a function of both rotation speed and rotation direction.

Proposer
                    will be the program manager and will be assisted by
has significant experience in the automotive arena and machine shop operations. He is currently
involved in designing high-speed cars and motorcycles. In one case, he will test a car capable of
reaching 500 mph that uses automotive engines where tire traction will help attain this speed.
 P. A. Murad,

Estimated costs
Costs are estimated at $300 to $600 K depending upon initial success. The lower cost involves
manpower and materials to produce a laboratory demonstrator. The second figure will include
funds to design a flight hardware system and start preliminary fabrication.
References
Ehlers, H. J.: raum&zeit-interview mit Roy Robert Sear!, in Raum&Zeit special, H. J. Ehlers, editor. 1994, Ehlers-
Verlag: Sauerlach. P. 148-149.
Sandberg, S. G.: Der Seanl-Effect and der Sear! Generator, in Raum&Zeit special 7 Wunschtraum der Menschreit:
Freie Energie, H. J. Ehlers, editor. 1994, Ehlers-Verlag: Sauerlach. P. 149-157. See also
URL:http://www.rexresearch.corn.
Roschin, V. V. and Godin, S. M.: "An Experimental Investigation of the Physical Effects in a Dynamic Magnetic
System." AIAA Paper 2001-3660, 2001 AIAA Joint Propulsion Conference, Salt Lake City, July 9-11, 2001 and
also: Technical Physics Letters, 2000.26(12): p. 1105,1107. See URL:
http://www.rexresearch.com/roschin/rosehin.htm.
Roschin, V. V. and Godin, S. M.: "Experimental Research of the Magnetic-Gravity Effects." 2000. See,URL:
http://alaxfrolov.narod.ru/russearl.html.


                                 RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                                31
                                                                                                       RAM
                               RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                 Resumes of Key RAM Personnel

                    has studied Aeronautical Engineering at the Northrop Aeronautical Institute of
Technology, telecommunications at the University of Southern California, and Business Management at
the Louisiana State University. He is the majority owner of RAM Inc. In the sixties, he set the SCTA
world land speed record for AA Unlimited Sports Cars at 241.57 mph. At 22, he was the Executive
Director for developing the State of Louisiana's Pavilion and Exhibits at the 1964/65 World's Fair. As a
Director at the International Dynamics Corporation, he developed and patented several. Federal
Intelligence Systems using exotic cutting edge technologies for electronic audio/visual intelligence
countermeasures. His checkered background includes involvement with the New Orleans's District
Attorney's investigation of the JFK assassination, he has also served as a Chief Investigator to the law
firm of the former Attorney General of the United States, the                            k, and the FBI
activities at Waco Texas against the Davidians.                  has worked at various executive level
responsibilities for corporations that spanned military and commercial activities.
                 g has a Bachelor and Master of Science degrees in Aeronautical Engineering from
Universities of Illinois and Michigan. With over 40 years of aerospace science, engineering and test
experience with Boeing and McDonnell Douglas Corporation, as well as served as a pilot in the USAF.
He performed and managed research and development of advanced aerospace vehicle systems and
technologies for: the U.S. Army, Navy, Air Force and the German Ministry of Defense. Dave was the
Manager of Advanced Systems for the McDonnell Douglas National Aero-space Plane (NASP) program
to develop critical technologies for reusable earth-to-orbit vehicles. He was also the originator of the
aerodynamic configuration and flight control concept of the U.S. Army Nike Zeus/Safeguard anti-missile
(the first missile to intercept an intercontinental ballistic missile).
Author of first scientific journal article (JBIS, 1980) on using the Vacuum "zero-point" energies of space
for propellant-less propulsion and power; pioneering scientific journal articles on requirements for faster-
than-light travel and modeling of `warp-drive' propulsion systems for future flight.
Founder of "Flight Unlimited" in 1988 to provide aerospace research, and development services in
propulsion and power for the NASA; ESA; the National Science Foundation; Air Force Research
Laboratory; the Ballistic Missile Defense Organization; the ANSER Corporation; General Dynamics;
Morton Thiokol; and Hercules Inc.
             g is A Fellow (Emeritus) of The British Interplanetary Society, Associate Fellow of the
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA), past Scientific Committee Member of the
International Foundation of Astronautics, member of AIAA Nuclear and Future Flight Technical
Committee and ATAA Hypersonics Systems and Technologies Program Committee. He is also a member
of past working groups and panels set up by NASA in the areas of aeronautics, combined-cycle,
hypersonic, air-breathing propulsion and breakthrough propulsion physics.

                has a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the Polytechnic Institute, of Brooklyn and an
M.S. in  Aeronautical  Engineering & Astronautics from the New York University School of Engineering.
He has over 44 years of experience to include 26 years of government service working for NASA
Houston on the Apollo and Space Shuttle programs, and more recently the National Space Security Office
working on the next generation satellite constellation, and the Defense Intelligence Agency working on
developing the methodology for the DoD IHPHTET jet engine effort, safeguarding technology for the
National Aerospace Plane (NASP) Program and exploiting foreign technology. He has worked 18 as a
contractor with: Aerojet working on the NERVA nuclear rocket engine; Martin Marietta on
strategic/tactical missile systems and the Shuttle External Tank; General Electric designing ballistic and
maneuvering reentry vehicles; SAI supporting vulnerability and lethality studies for the Navy's High
Energy Laser Project; Bendix Corporation for second-source production for the HARM missile designing
guided artillery shells; and AAI Corporation designing guided and unguided artillery shells. Mr. Murad
performed engineering executive responsibilities while working at Bendix and AAI.

                               RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                              37
                                                                                                  lt~'jG
                                                                                                  RAM
                              RAM Company Proprietary Information
            is a senior member of the AIAA and has been the Chairman of conferences to include: Using
Magnetohydrodynamics to enhance Scramjet Propulsion, the V International High Frequency Gravity
Wave Conference and was session chairman for 5 years of the New Frontiers and Advanced Space
Propulsion Conference of STAIF. He has participated n numerous intelligence community working
groups covering advanced technology, MASINT, collection priorities, to defeating terrorism. He has also
served on the USAF Science Advisory Board on Hypersonics in 2000 as well as interacted with Law
Enforcement Agencies concerning sensors and TAGINTs. He has over 100 publications to include 40
technical papers presented at numerous conferences of which 10 have been published in peer reviewed
journals; 15 of these involved formulating new gravity laws. He has also published several chapters for
books and a 300 page classified document concerning propulsion.

                     received his degrees in physical, synthetic organic chemistry, and general
chemistry from the University of Utah (Ph.D.), Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT-
M.S.), and Virginia Military Institute (B.S.) respectively. He has served in the United States Air
Force as a military officer for 23 years beginning at the Air Force Materials Laboratory, Wright
Patterson AFB (WPAFB), OH, with service at the Avionics Laboratory and the Aerospace
Research Laboratory (ARL); also at WPAFB, OH, and ending at the Air Force Aeropropulsion
Laboratory, again at Wright-Patterson AFB, OH, where he headed the Technical Facilities
Division and had responsibility for almost $50 MM of new military construction and a $330 MM
physical plant doing research in airbreathing propulsion, fuels and lubricants, aerospace power
and ramjets. While at the Air Force Aeropropulsion Laboratory, as an officer in the USAF, Dr.
Uhlig was instrumental in laying the groundwork that resulted in flying an Air Force business jet
from WPAFB to Andrews AFB, DC, on jet fuel made from oil shale kerogen. A unique
assignment while in the Air Force was to London, England where he traveled all over
Scandinavia, Europe, Turkey, and the Middle East in search of novel research in airbreathing,
rocket and ramjet propulsion, fire protection, fuels and lubricants, and aerospace power (MHD,
solar cells and batteries). He also has experience in performing research and development work
for the government when he headed the Research and Development Department for Hercules
Aerospace at their Bacchus Works, Magna, UT. Dr. Uhlig has taught at the USAF Academy
(chemistry); Air Force Institute of Technology (adjunct professor); Clark Technical College; the
University of Utah and retired from the College of Eastern Utah where he taught courses in
engineering, mathematics and chemistry. He holds three patents in fire extinguishing agents to
extinguish metal, tire and petroleum fires along with a number of articles in the open literature
and presentations internal to Hercules and the Air Force. Dr. Uhlig is a member of the Board of
Directors and Vice President, Research and Development, Thermic Laboratories Inc., New
Hampshire.


Subcontractors and consultant services that will be involved in this task that include:


                             RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                            38
                                                                                           RdM
                            RAM Company Proprietary Information
        In conclusion we believe that we have put together an effective team from several
different regions of the country, that possess diverse technical and management expertise that
will be used to satisfy the issues and challenges related to this proposal. This challenge
represents creating and maturating game-changing technologies that will alter the military,
economic, and commercial capabilities of this country and make us once again competitive in the
global worldwide market. These are some of the primary reasons why we are dedicated to this
program. If there are any questions, the individual identified below will e more than happy to
provide an answer.


                          RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                         39
                                                                                                  ~t
                                                                                                   PAM
                                                                                                   nem
                              RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                        ARV Replication
Concept
       ARV is used to describe the Alien Reproduction Vehicle. Several views indicate that the
concept is based upon exploited hardware using advanced technology. This effort will use all
available information to duplicate this technology resulting in a flying demonstrator.

History
        There has been much information and speculation regarding Area 51 activities of flying
vehicles. This also includes reports from eyewitnesses that claimed they have seen such vehicles
and in some cases, some of these tales go back to World War II. The modes for levitation are as
numerous as reports and, until today, these were inconclusive because of the lack of supporting
theories. However, much research has forwarded ideas regarding these capabilities and this is a
good juncture in lime to test theories with so-called known information.

Experimental Device
       This proposal has already presented several pieces of information regarding the
spacecraft and its technology. A sketch of the device with some notations is provided in Figure
(1). Along side of this sketch is a breakdown of the electrical system that is used to
charge/discharge capacitors to produce two effects. This will produce two effects that include the
Petkov dipole effect as well as a means of generating an electromagnetic vortex. The dipole
should accelerate in a uniform gravitational field and the E-M vortex should produce a coupling,
per Gertsenshtein's principle, that results in a gravitational vortex. In either case there should be
motion that depends upon the strength of the electrical field in terms of current and voltage, and
switching that controls the frequency.


                        Figure (1) The ARV and a schematic of the circuit.

Up to this point, all of the mini-proposals are designed to investigate, either directly or indirectly,
these effects as well as provide a methodology to better understand the phenomenon. The
experiments within the mini-proposals also provide insights regarding how to predict flight
performance and identify the requirements for scaling laboratory demonstrators up to flight-class
vehicles.
                             RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                           32
                                                                                                         l1
                                                                                                          RAM
                                                                                                          PAM
                                RAM Company Proprietary Information

Proposer/Resources
        The Principal investigators are Mr. Gordon Novel and Mr. Mark McCandlish. The cost of
this effort, to include fabrication of hardware, purchase of test equipment, and documentation is
$14.950 million dollars.

References
Gertsenshtein, M.E. (1962) "Wave Resonance of Light and Gravity Waves" Soviet Physics JETP, 14, 1, pp.84-85.
Petkov V.: "Propulsion Through Electromagnetic Self-Sustained Acceleration", AIAA Paper 99-2144, presented at
    the 35'" AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, 20-24 June 1999, Los Angeles,
    California.


                               RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                              33
                             RAM Company Proprietary Information
          Criteria for Selection of Successful Field Propulsion Concept(s)
         This effort is a high-risk technical venture; however, we have considerably mitigated risk
to ensure program success by the dual path of consciousness approach that we have selected. The
technical model primary goal would be to make the ARV technology work. If there are problems
with this technology, other efforts will concurrently be underway that are at various TRL, some
of which inventors have claimed success, that will also be pursued. In the latter situations, the
objective would be to provide experimental evidence and even if these are not directly applicable
to the flight vehicle, they may be key to creating an alternative energy approach that has
commercial implications.
        In some discussions, individuals wanted to address the aerodynamics of this vehicle.
However, like many large rocket boosters, most of these concepts have poor aerodynamics or are
aerodynamically unstable. This device will require thrust to be at least an order of magnitude
larger compared to aerodynamic forces. Thus, one metric for measuring success is that the
approaches under investigation will have to generate considerable amount of force to be of value.
This will require thrust to weight ratios that will be far greater than 1.0. How much greater
without any real experimental data is premature to mention at this time? Moreover, we may have
to settle for lower than expected values considering the maturation of these technologies, then
would be expected for a space mission.
        With these other concepts, each will be measured on the basis of their own merits. In
some cases, we will be comparing apples to oranges. However, this task will have to provide a
uniform standard or metrics that would compare all of these different concepts on a common
scale. Another metric would examine the scalability of each concept to be suitable for flight
hardware. In other words, we may have maturated a concept that really performs well on a
laboratory demonstrator scale but cannot be increased in size or improved in performance due to,
say extensive electrical power requirements. We would have to look at this particular situation as
a possible `beam' propulsion concept that may be deployed as a ground station. Other options
exist but these will require further evaluation in the course of this effort.


                            RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                           34
                                                                                             lt~'jG
                                                                                             R4M
                            RAM Company Proprietary Information
                     Business Model and Management Approach
        As previously mentioned, The RAM Project consists of an elite team of prominent
physicists, engineers, researchers, and. entrepreneurs who are committed to designing, building,
operating, and marketing air and spacecraft using propellantless propulsion systems. This
concept will be based on zero-point energy gravitational field control and nullification. In
addition, RAM will investigate the possibility of using these similar technologies to develop an
alternative form of energy and ground transportation as a contribution to the commercial sector.
RAM will act as the Prime Contractor in this cost plus fixed-fee contract.

      The business model requires that RAM personnel as well as members from other
subcontracting organizations will perform activities with the following understandings:

   • Intellectual Property:
         • Ram may use data from existing patents as proprietary information in this
             activity. Such information will be provided to the initial provider but that provider
             must allow RAM unrestricted licensure and deployment for which the design will
             be used in RAM projects.
         • If a RAM employed or contracted developer/scientist creates a new patent while
             associated with this RAM development project, they would be designated as the
             patent holder and for perhaps a 5% royalty, would deliver exclusive marketing
             rights to RAM for use in this endeavor.
   • Responsibilities: RAM will be responsible for monitoring subcontractors requiring
     monthly updates outlining program progress. RAM will have the authority to continue or
     cancel projects if the progress appears insignificant. This decision will be based upon
     information concerning subcontractor progress furnished to the program manager and
     after receiving advice from a committee that includes RAM and leading personnel from
     the subcontracting organizations. Such decisions will require sponsor concurrence.
   • New Activities: In the course of these investigations, a new task may be identified. The
     same procedure as the above will be used to validate the need for a new project. This
     issue will be brought to the sponsor's attention and work will be approved once the
     sponsor agrees to the activities, milestones, expected results and funding level.
   • Progress Reporting: Milestone reviews will be provided to the customer every three
     months. This will include:
         • A description of the task,
         • A report outlining the task progress,
         • A financial funding line showing expenditures for equipment, personnel, and
             other expenditures related to the task,
         • An expected progress report for the next period, and
         • In the event that problems are identified, either technical or financial, a `get well'
             program will be identified and provided for the sponsor's approval.
   • Dispositioii of Property: Unless specified in writing by the sponsor prior to the end of the
     contractual period, all equipment, sensors, measuring equipment and hardware generated
     in support of or by this contract will become the property and responsibility of RAM.


                           RAM Company Proprietary Infornation
                                          35
                                                                                           RAM
                         RAM Company Proprietary Information
       •    If the property, etc. resides at a sub-contractor, it will remain at that location.
            However, RAM maintains firs1. rights to claim and remove the property as
            required.
        • RAM will ship and store the equipment as required for possible later use or for
            other purposes.
•   Customer Financial Responsibilities: Based upon activities, some activities will require
    some funding upfront to purchase laboratory or other equipment. The customer will
    provide allowances for these expenditures and provide funding one month after contract
    start. This amount of funding will up to a maximum of 10% of the entire contract
    amount. This will be based upon the need identified by RAM in negotiations. Thereafter,
    the funding draw (3) will be 25% after each milestone review previously described. The
    last 5%. Or remainder will be delivered after the sponsor receives the final report.
•   Final Reporting: At the completion of the contracting period, RAM will require final
    reports from all of the subcontractors at 22 months after program start.
        • RAM will iterate with the subcontractors to develop a final report for each
            activity as a separate entity. This final report may be in the form of a formal
            document and/or as an accepted technical paper to be presented in an acceptable
            technical forum depending upon the discretion of the program manager and/or
            sponsor.
        • RAM will be responsible to supply the sponsor with a rough draft of the final
            report after 23 months from contract start and a final version, based upon the
            sponsor's recommendations at contract completion or at 24 months after contract
            start.

    All parties involved have signed a non-disclosure agreement as shown in Volume II.


                        RAM Company Proprietary Information
                                       36
