{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T19:49:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 706674, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121568-extraordinary-science-advanced-new-energy.pdf", "source_sha256": "8bf10e796896b33dfa43bb887d05470b8cc6eeb64b82f63872d99ab1ebbd41ef"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 385, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
$8.95 • ISSN 1043-3716 Volume VI • Issue 4 • Oct. Nov. Dec. 1994
XRAORDINIK
Science
FROM HENDERSHOT TO BRANDT...
Hidden Energy Technologies Unveiled
VACCINATION...
The Shot that Keeps on Shooting
THE SPRING OF TOMORROW
SPRING
EXPERIMENTAL ANALYSIS
ELECTROMAGNETIC ENERGY
Welcome to the Extraordinary Science Zone!
The Official Magazine of the International Tesla Society
7447082352"
0

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 383, "chars": 2449, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ron Brandt began building motors and radios in the
Third Grade. A few years later, he began making
trips to the junk yards to collect all the cobalt
magnets, coils, ball bearings, rotors, and steering
columns from wrecked Model T's. His father called
him "The Scavenger." This was back in the early
30's in Trout Lake, Washington, near the base of
Mt. Adams. From these parts, he made even more
sophisticated motors and many unusual electrical
devices.
Hejoined the Navy at an early age and soon became
an instructor in Math and Electronics. He taught
students and co-mingled with Navy personnel who
were involved with the Philadelphia Experiment.
This experience really sparked his electronic curi-
osity. He spent 35 years working forthe International
Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, and on every
new job site, he would bring along his 20' truck van
with all his experimental motors, switching devices
and controllers and work on them in the off hours.
With the advent of the gas wars of the early 70's,
Ron built his first electric car, converting a '66
Dodge Dart to electric. The motor was a 24-volt,
32 HIP starter generator off of a B52 bomber. He
designed and built a 2-tank, 24-volt resonant cir-
cuit, each side, or tank, had 3 batteries. He drew
sequential power off each tank with an oscillating
resonant current using Navy surplus transistors and
diodes. (See Diagram 1.) This circuit was present-
ed to the International Tesla Conference in Colorado
Springs by John Bedini, in 1984.
RON BRANDT'S
PERM-MAG MOTOR
by
Bruce Meland
Editor/Publisher
Electrifying Time
3600 Deschutes Market Roa
Bend, OR 97701
He drew positive power out of the negative posts of
each side. By taking only 24 volts sequentially off
the two a 36-volt battery tank by sequentially
drawing power off each side, AC current was
produced and hence converted back to DC with a
Germanium rectifier. He stated, "Ifyou can achieve
resonance (about 900 Hz) with the controller and
the metal alloy in the battery (which he did with his
first set of batteries), it takes a long time to run the
batteries down." He demonstrated this technology
in the Dodge Dart at an Eastern Washington site by
driving over 400 miles on a single charge. Some
Allis Chalmers engineers observed the featand said
it was not possible, and that he was cheating. But
зен.
B2
83
*
87
B5
ever beer
Figure 1. Brandt's 24-volt output resonant circuits.
EXTRAORDINARY SCIENCE - OCT/NOV/DEC 1994 11

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 457, "chars": 3073, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
triggered by a peripheral coil activator to provide
+ 0
-0 +
the proper magnetic phase relationship. With this
12 v
BATTERY
10
BATTERY
unique design, there is no need for commutators or
brushes which cause arching and sparking, com-
mon in most electric motor designs. The magnetic
flux path is reduced by the low iron mass of the
I OHM LORD
stator, allowing faster switching times, guarantee-
Figure 2. The Brandt-Tesla Switch Diagram BEFORE
Resonance. Toraise the voltage from 11.51 to 12.45V took
ing the highest efficiency.
5 seconds. NOTE: 1-ohm resister remained cold after 15
The Power Commutator has 3 elements:
minutes of runtime! CREDIT: Experiments with Kromrey and .
Brandt-Tesla Converter
1. The magnetic band supports neo-magnets which
transmit their rotational power to the commutator
24 V
BATTERY
AD0 HZ SHITCH
- 0 +
12 v
BATTERY
plate.
2. The commutator plate serves as a mounting surface
for Perm-mag actuators for "Hall Effects" trigger-
ing as well as a mounting surface for an air cooling
system.
3. The insulated shaft drive collar is made of non
conductive plastic.
Most elements of the motor design are non-mag-
netic, which tends to shunt all the magnetic energy
into the desired use of motion conversion. The
exterior housing is made of materials of high mag-
netic resistance (high temperature aluminur or
non-magnetic stainless steel).
The Perm-Mag motor is one of the most flexible
electromotive devices developed, light in weight.
$ OHM LOAD
Figure 3. The Brandt-Tesla Switch AFTER Resonance
is achieved. To raise the voltage from 1.7V to 10.24V took
1 minute 5 seconds. NOTE: 1-ohm resister remained cold
after 15 minutes of runtimel CREDIT: Experiments with
Kromrey and Brandt-Tesla Converter
Ron knew better. A few years later, he tried the
same technology in his car, only different batteries,
but was unable to achieve resonance and hence got
only twice the expected distance out of his car,
about 100 miles. He thinks the batteries made later
were not uniform to achieve resonance.
In the 1980's, Ron started perfecting an advanced
magnetic motor and controller from the experience
he obtained in constructing an (Ecklin) Variable
Reluctance Motor Generator from the ground up
with the assistance of Dr. John Jacobs, using the
theory from Ecklin's Patent #4,567,407. This
particular motor achieved overunity of about 105%,
but Ron wasn't satisfied and thought a more effi-
cient motor could be built.
He learned that in a magnetic field, the strength of
the field and how fast it collapses determines the
amount of energy that can be recovered. The faster
the magnetic field collapses, (back EMF) the more
energy can be recovered for reuse.
In the Perm-Mag Motor, he isolated the rotor from
the magnetic field for a more efficient collection of
back EMF. The multi-statorring is supported by six
non-magnetic mounting studs attached to the alu-
minum housing back plate. The stator is selectively
12 EXTRAORDINARY SCIENCE - OCT/NOV/DEC 1994
Ron Brandt and the main frame of his Ecklin Variable
Reluctance Generator. Credit: Bruce Maland

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 222, "chars": 1547, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10-HP Perm-Mag Motor
Prototype. This miraculous
machine only weighs 101bs!
Credit: JW McGinnis
and small in size with wide ranges of power, speed,
and direction which allows for easy construction,
interchangeability, and repair.
In conclusion, the high efficiency of the Per-Mag
motor exhibits one of the most efficient walt per
horse power unit conversion ratings in the industry.
The fact that Ron Brandt's Perm-Mag Motor does
not create torque with electricity, but instead allows
the motor magnets to create the torque by efficient-
ly directing the magnetic flux makes the following
features possible:
1. Complete variable speed control at rated horsepower.
2. Complete variable horsepower output at rated speed.
3. Complete variable braking capability from a dead stop
to slow retardation.
4. Complete variable reversing from instantaneous to a
slow, gradual direction change.
S. A wide range of input DC Voltages: from .5v (small
designs) to application as high as 4160v.
6. Either manual or computer control.
7. Local or remote operation.
8. Can be used in high-risk environments where other
types spark.
9. Has small physical size per unit horsepower.
More specific details of the Perm-Mag Motor will
be forthcoming when the patents and market nego-
tiations are completed. Ron will be at the upcoming
ExtraOrdinary Science Conference '95 in July._BM
Ron Brandtholding a six-pole rotor of an Ecklin variable
reluctance motor-generator. There's a two-pole rotor in
the box. Credit: Bruca Meland
EXTRAORDINARY SCIENCE - OCT/NOV/DEC 1994 13
