{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T15:56:20Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1666747, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121669-cold-fusion-times-fall-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "c112532694ff3747ea800e715ca65d6ca95776005c80a195ce9a003e7c9fd3d2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 651, "chars": 4778, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IN THIS ISSUE
ANOMALOUS RADIOACTIVITY
CAVITATION FUSION
COLD FUSION UPDATES
COLD FUSION PROGRESS
COLD FUSION COMMENTARY
ENGINEERING AND MATERIALS VIEW
FOR THE WORLD..
Volume 4 Number 4
News and Developments from Arkansas, California, Georgia, Illinois, Massachusetts, Maine, Minnesota, New Mexico, New Hampshire, New York, Ohio, Hawaii,
Rhode Island, Texas, Utah, Washington, D.C., China, England, France, India, Japan, Netherlands, Russia, Sri Lanka, United Kingdom
5.10
1,6,7
. 1,3,5,6,9
1,3,5,6,7,9
2,9
ICCF-6
OP-ED COLUMN
ILENR2 SUMMARIES
ILENR2 REPORTS
ISOTOPIC SHIFTS
MORE INFORMATION
NUCLEAR PRODUCTS
2, 3, 8
NUCLEOSYNTHESIS
2,3,9
1,2, 3,9
1, 5, 7, 8
2,3.4,8
1,5,7,9
1,5
PATENT PAGE
PEOPLE IN THE NEWS.
3.9
PLASMOIDS
POSITIVE FEEDBACK
REVIEWS: FORBIDDEN SCIENCE
TOWARD THE FUTURE
FALL 1996
) ISSN # 1072-2874
COLD FUSION TIMES
2ND INTERNATIONAL TRANSMUTATION
CONFERENCE - ADDITIONAL EVIDENCE
CONSISTENT WITH NUCLEOSYNTHESIS
de novo NUCLEOSYNTHESIS
JOINS EXCESS HEAT
Mitchell Swartz
College Station, Texas -- This issue of the
COLD FUSION TIMES features several articles
reporting evidence consistent with nucleosynthe-
sis. Most compelling is the appearance of new
isotopic distributions not previously reported.
These accounts are included along with detailed
reviews of The Second International Low Energy
Nuclear Reactions Conference (ILENR2) which
was held on September 13-14, 1996 at College
Leaders in transmutation and nucleosynthesis research from left (Drs. John Bockris, Hal Fox,
Station. Some of the transmutations, which was
Tadahiko Mizuno, George Miley). More photographs and information on pages 2, 6, 7, and 9.
the predominant topic of the meeting, appear to
occur in certain fully loaded Group VIII transition
Anomalous Isotopic Distribution in
metals. Others, purportedly occur in explosive in-
organic mixtures. Several of the presentations have
Palladium Cathodes after Electrolysis
again confirmed developing evidence that the sim-
Tadahiko Mizuno, Tadayoshi Ohmori, Michio Enyo
plicities
of Michael Faraday (1791-1867)
and
Sapporo, JAPAN - Nuclear reactions in a
terms of the nuclear mechanisms. In this
Walther Nernst (1864-1941), although true in
solid electrode at ordinary temperatures
work, evidence which indicates the oc-
many ways, do not fully define the reactions or the
have been reported by many experiment-
currence of some nuclear reactions is
new physics/chemistry/material-science involved
ers since 1989. However, this phenome-
presented, in the form of transmuted ele-
when certain metals are loaded to high densities.
non is still not well accepted
among
ments within the cathode and on the cath-
Today, science rests on the shoulders of these ear-
researchers because of poor reproduc-
ode surface.
The anomalous isotopic
ly researchers, but they may have underestimated
ibility and control. What is urgently ne-
distribution of these elements shows they
Cont. page 2
eded now is to
obtain precise and
do not come from contamination. Cont. page 5
quantitative rela-
Heat and Nuclear Products by
tionships
be-
Cavitation Induced Fusion
tween potential
nuclear reactions
IE+G6
Russ George
and their corre-
Mountain View, California - E-Quest Sciences
sponding
reac-
has developed a new energy technology using ul- tion products. If
18+05
trasound induced cavitation in heavy water upon nuclear reactions
specified metal target foils which results in energy
induced by elec-
(heat) production from a here-to-fore unknown trochemical
1E+04
class of nuclear reactions. E-Quest's micro-fusion reaction occur in
Before
employs the use of ultrasound (20 khz) induced ca- solid electrodes,
vitation to provide an environment where hydro- there must
be
1E:03
20
gen isotopes might combine with a target lattice clear
evidence
and produce a similar nuclear reaction.
as
the
Experiments using this technology have pro- evolution of ra-
10
EDX Spectra From A Palladium Rod Before And After Electrolysis
Energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDX)
The evolution of Pt, Cr, Fe, Cu and other elements are seen (after Mizuno)
duced robust excess heat (resultant power up to dioisotopes and
60+% greater than the input power) and nuclear radiation. More-
products (principally but not exclusively "He). over, the evolu-
Monitoring of similar previous experiments with tion
the
various gamma and neutron sensitive equipment
reaction
prod-
revealed no energetic emissions above ambient ucts should be
All Rights Reserved. © JET Technology 1996
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in an electronic or retrieval
system, transmitted, copied in any form or by any means including electronic.
mechanical, photocopy, recording, or storage without the prior permission of the
COLD FUSION TIMES
background levels.
Cont. page 6
explained
in

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 970, "chars": 6624, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOWARD THE FUTURE
*One of the most interesting de-
tailed and precise book available
which
extensively examines
the
GRAVITATIONAL FORCE
very origins of gravitational sci-
Due to information-dense coverage of the ILENR2 Conference, the COLD FUSION TIMES's "TOWARD THE FUTURE" will reap-
ence. Very highly recommended."
pear next issue. These are important excerpts of Jed Rothweil's complete article on ILENR2, which is available in Infinite Inergy #9.
COLD FUSION TIMES
Summary on ILENR2
ever seen.
Miley began by describing his pre-
Jed Rothwell
vious multilayer thin film flat plate reported on at
ICCF3. As he said it was a great success insofar
College Station, Texas - This as the thin film heated up anomalously and
conference was held on Sep- peeled off. He described this as a good example
tember 13-14, 1996 at the Holi- of what Edison called "learning 700 things that
day
Inn,
College
Station.
don't work."
Miley personifies the good hu-
"Gravitational Force
of the Sun"
by Pari Spoulter
available at Orb Publishing
11862 Balboa Bivd. #182
Granada Hills. CA 91344
(818)-363-2003
(for orders 1-800-879 4214)
Texas, adjacent to Texas A&M mored, dogged persistence required to solve big
University,
because
it
was problems like cold fusion. As he said, he started
banned by the
university. It was chaired by Dis- out a plasma physicist in 1989 and he has learned
tinguished Professor J. O'M Bockris of Texas every instrument and technique in cold fusion.
A&M and G. Miley, University of Illinois. The
He is working CETI-style thin film beads
LA
PIERRE
PHILOSOPHALE
conference was organized by Dr. G. H. Lin. The packed in 3 to 5 layers. The beads are fabricated
focus was transmutations of elements in the cath- by the Material Science Department at the uni-
ode (so-called "host metal transmutations"), rath- versity. They have devised a new type of sputter-
er than
excess heat.
neutrons
and
othering machine that shakes the beads, levitating and
well-known attributes of the cold fusion effect.
rotating them to produce less than 10% deviation
Most papers described transmutations in conven-
in coating thickness. Miley says the sputtering
tional electrolysis cold fuwon experiments, but
technique simplifies the problem because it does
other approaches were discussed, including ultra-
away with the need for a copper flashing, reduc-
sound loading: arc discharge synthesis: and some
ing the number of elements at the start. In con-
variations of ancient alchemical techniques
versations he has also told me that he thinks the
consider this one of the most important meetings
coating is tougher and the beads will generate
in the history of cold fusion. These results consti-
heat more readily than Patterson's electrodepos-
tute a major turning point in the search for nu-
ited beads.
Miley's has made a great effort to
POUVOIR NUCLEARE
A83OUH
ISBN 2-9503346-7-9
Available through
Albert Cau
18 Boulevard Arago
75013 PARIS France
Nuclear
Synthesis
of Super-
heavy
Elements
clear ash and a mechanism. I consider it now
prevent contamination in the closed, flow calo-
proven beyond doubt that the Pons-Fleischmann
rimeter. He describes contamination as his great-
effect often (perhaps always) causes both fission
est worry. He has performed 20 runs to date. He
and fusion of heavy elements in the cathode. It is
has performed the most extensive analysis on run
nothing like a light element plasma fusion
#8. done in March 1996. The analysis is "very te-
reaction
dious" taking weeks of hard work. He presented
voluminous comparative charts comparing data
Miley [1] This was the most outstanding
from different runs. He uses four techniques to
paper. and one of the best presentations I have
measure elements and
isotopes: NAA, SIMS,
EDS and AES
Cont. page 9
Cold Fusion Calorimetry Technical
Reports Now Available
Reexamination of the Phase-// Calorimerry Experiment.
Dr. M. Swartz, 5 color pp. $49.50
Selected Papers in Calorimetric Analysis, Dr. M. Swartz
8 color pages. $99.50
© JET Technology 1992-1996
de novo NUCLEOSYNTHESIS
followed by a careful spatial examination of the
c/o COLD FUSION TIMES
Continued from page 1
isotopic element analysis, indicates that there
PO Box 81135
the full nature of conduction processes and the
appears to be very low level nucleosynthesis in
Wellesley Hills. MA USA 02181
potential absence of an equilibrium condition
such samples. They have utilized several meth-
A century and a half later. we now know that
ods of analysis which have indicated the pres-
the structure of water. hydrided electrodes and
ence of reaction products with mass numbers
even their interfaces are a much more compli-
ranging from 39 to 81. 104 to 136, and 177 to
cated matter. Nucleosynthesis joins excess heat
208 following electrolysis upon palladium cath-
(enthalpy) as two more proven, but difficult to
odes in a heavy water solution at high pressure,
accept. intraelectrode phenomena occuring only
high temperature, and high current density for
when active samples are loaded to very high
one months duration. Perhaps the most remark-
loading levels. Several excellent reportsinclude
able feature is that the isotopic distributions
those by Drs. Mizuno and Bockris.
were radically different from the natural ones.
Dr. T. Mizuno and his coworkers at the
Drs. Lin and Bockris, from Texas A&M
Photo Credits >>>>>
Cover Page: Drs. Bockris. Fos. Mizuno. Miley - JET Technology
Page 2: Jed Rothwell - JET Technologs
Page 3 Barry Merman (his web page tk)
Page o/ Russ George - JET Technology
Page 9: ILENR2 Meeting - JET Technolog»
Back Cover Palladium microcrystal
Cold Fusion Times LOGO - Palladium must be fully filled with deuterons
to generate the reactions In the logo. the face-centered cubic fully loaded
metallic structure is shown on the left, totally filled with deuterons obtained
from ine new water on the nem nand sidc
Dept. of Nuclear Eng. at Hokkaido Univ.. Sap-
University's Department of Chemistry, have
DUTU
Japan, studied
cathodic electrolysis
conducted
novel
investigations
involving
Cont. page 5
COLD FUSION TIMES
Editor: Mitchell Swartz Associate Editor: Gayle Vemer
Technical and Photographic Contributors and Consultants Worldwide
Annual subscription rate $120.00 Single issues $40.00
Postage and handling charge of S5.00 per order outside of the United States.
The Journal Of The Scientific Aspects Of
Loading Isotopic Fuels Into Materials
Volume 4
Number 4 -- Fall 1996
ISSN# 1072-2874 published quarterly ® 1996 JET Technology
Cold Fusion Times' Address:
Cold Fusion Times'
P.O. Box 81135
Web Home Page:
Wellesley Hills. MA USA 02181
http://world.std.com/~mica/cft.html

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1135, "chars": 7456, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PEOPLE IN THE NEWS
A Critical Report on ILENR
Barry Merriman
good blank (because they see effects with all metals
and both heavy and light water (?!?), and they have
done only limited controls as well at this point.
I too was at the
Also, for example, Miley's setup was run without a
conference. 1 am too
peristaltic pump (!), so there was some metallic
contact with the electrolyte. (It is inconceivable to
busy to give a de-
me why they would do this, but it seems o have
tailed account, but
been a historical artifact and a budgetary limitation
Jed has done a good
according to Miley).
Rather than dismiss the re-
job of
recounting
most of the interest-
sults as Jed claims Natowitz is prone to do, all 1
would say is that they are extremely interesting,
and at this point what is needed is to establish rig-
orous, detailed control experiments -- not blanks,
First, the organizers allowed a
since they seem to not exist -- so that one can
several people to speak who had no business pres-
quantify the background effects. I spent a great
enting at any sort of scientific meeting. Anyone
deal of time discussing possible controls
present can readily identify those folks, ho particu-
larly dominated the entire afternoon session. That
Miley, and I feel there are controis that would be
adequate to prove the reality of the effect.
they were allowed to speak is an act of charity that
possibilities to watch out for are unanticipated con-
denigrates the serious work of Miley, Mizuno, etc.
tamination, and perhaps some form of anomalous
-- not to mention that these researchers could have
diffusion of isotopes through metals. (Not as bi-
used much more than 25 minutes to present their
zarre as it may seem: one Russian fellow in the au-
quite interesting results. In future meetings, they
dience mentioned that in plasma ion implantation,
really need to exercise quality control.
one does see huge anomalous transport of ions
Second, I think that I and Dr. Natowitz, head
through the lattice, since the resulting lattice de-
of the university Synchrotron Department, were the
fects act as carriers, and defects are mobile. Also,
only non-believers present. At times, we both vo-
in the hot fusion world, if it were not for the
iced the obvious objections about contamination,
anomalous diffusion of deuterium through the plas-
isotope separation via diffusion through the metal
ma material, we would have had cheap, working
lattice, etc. I don't know if Natowitz used these ob-
hot fusion reactors 30 years ago. The possibility of
jections to dismiss he results or not (i was out of
some form of greatiy enhanced diffusion cannot be
the room for 20 minutes during the final 2 hour
discussion period having my own discussion, so
lightly dismissed.)
Bottom line is: very interesting, but I want
tighter controls. I have a lot of respect for Miley in
Personally, I feel these objections do not _ob-
viously_ explain the results. They are simply possi-
particular, since I have known him for years from
his hot fusion research, where he has consistently
bilities that must be addressed. On the face of it, done innovative, quality work. I am confident the
they would appear inadequate, since Miley, Mizu-
necessary controis will be done; and we will know
no and Ohmori were attempting to take great care
whether it is transmutation or contamination +
to prevent contamination, and since the distribu-
tion of elements is too deep inside the metal lattice
to get their by classical diffusion. BUT, on the oth-
Barry Merriman is a Research Scientist with UCSD Fusion
Energy Research Program, and Asst. Prof., UCLA Dept. of
er hand, none of the researchers has yet found a
Math and offers construclive criticism about the conference.
Production of Elements and
or grain-shaped voids that may be lined with new elements
and crystals that are due to the clumping or conversion of
plasmoid atoms. Liaw and Silver (4) have photographed such
Plasmoids Edward Lewis
seemingly anomalous micrometer size round pits or produced
Plasmoid research goes back decades. W. Bos- SEM pictures of them. Silver and Matsumoto (5) have shown
tick produced things he called "plasmoids" by dis- photographs or SEM pictures of micrometer size ditches or
charging through
and in 1957 he
trails in their electrodes that are similar to the trails on the nu-
clear emulsions that Maisumoto has shown. K. Shoulders has
speculated (1) about the identity of galaxies and par-
reported both pits and tunnels, and ditches or grooves (6) in
ticles as "plasmoids." According to A. Peratt (2), materials produced by the plasmoids he uses. interestingly.
Bostick coined the term "plasmoid." From Bostick's the new element filled voids in the electrode that Matsumoto
early work, and Alfven's early work with plasmas, a used seein to be "near the surface" or opening on the surface,
whole school of plasma astrophysical research also alinost entirely within about 20 micrometers of the surface,
has developed. E. Lerner published (3) about the de-
most within 10 micrometers. But the voids are quite large,
velopment of astrophysical plasmoid theories. The
sometimes greater than 8 micrometers in width. In the same
way, the voids in Numata el al's (7) electrode seein to be on
plasmoid research also led to some ball lightning re-
and near the surface, in a layer of grains at the surface distinct
search and modeling. Recently, Lewis resolved the
from the two huge crystals that make up the bulk.
phenomena of ball lightning and the tiny objects
emitted during the cold fusion phenomena as plas- I. W. Bostick, "Plasmoids," Scien- S. T. Matsumoro, "Experiments of
One-Point Cold Fusion," Fusion
moid phenomena, and developed a general theory 1957)!
Techaology, 24, 332 (Nov. 1993).
about phenomena as plasmoid phenomena. The vari- 2. A. Peralt, email nole. Jamuary
ous kinds of plasmoids emitted by the electrolysis 27, 1995.
sion Using High Charge Density."
and discharge apparatus used by Matsumoto emit Happened. Vintaye Books, New
7. H. Numata, R. Takayi, 1. Ohno,
tiny plasmoids which he has photographed and leave York, 1991, 1892.
several kinds of traces on emuisions. They travel 4.D. Silver. I. Dash, and P. Keefe.
"Neutron Emission and Surface
"Surface Topography of a Palla-
though glass, water, and air to get to the emulsions, dium Cathode Afler Electrolysis in
Evolution of Deuterium on Pd in
which is a behavior like that of ball lightning.
There are two different kinds of holes people find in By, 24; 423 (December 1993).
I1 Annual Conference on CF. T.
electrodes: round ones due to plasnoid boring and intergrain
OF GREAT INTEREST
TO OUR READERS
SEE FOR THE WORLD (PAGE 8)
FUSIONaste
COLD FUSION TIMES
Lounte loops Funin in tutores
702SA 1077-7874
3
COLO FUSION
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
FUSION FACTS
PO Box 58639
SALT LAKE CITY, UT
84158
"COLD FUSION"*
70 Route 202N
Peterborough NH 03458
INFINITE ENERGY
PO Box 2816
Concord, NH 00302
FUTURE TECHNOLOGY
INTELLIGENCE REPORT
PO Box 423652
San Francisco, CA 94142
FUTURE TRENDS
Minnesota CF Alliance
365 Summit Ave.
St. Paul, MN 55102
He Daniel rait
Report
UNTAPPED
TECHNOLOGY
IN REVIEW
PO Box 5185
Mesa, AZ 85211
ELECTRIFYING TIMES
63600 Deschutes Rd Bend,
OR 97701
(503) 388-1908
FAX (360) 693-4408
MCDANIEL REPORT
1055 West College Ave.
#273 Sanla Rosa,
CA 95401
apology
THE MARS
MISSION
122 Dodd St.
Weehawken NJ 07087
CHRISTA
CORRIGAN
MCAULIFFE CENTER
100 State Street
Framingham, MA 01701

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1111, "chars": 7820, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Journal Articles Which
You May Have Missed
(Courtesy of Dieter Britz)
THE PATENT PAGE™
Analysis of Intellectual Property & Legal Issues
NEW PATENTS
Al, Sn, and stainless steel.
The cathode is manufac-
Arata Y, Zhang Y-C; Koon Gakkaishi
tured by shaping a metal powder with grain size 10 nm
21(6) (1995) 303 (in Japanese, Engl.
-100um at room temperature or high temperature and
"Cold nuclear fusion apparatus". Toichi Chikuma, JP
abstr.). "Achievement of solid-state plas-'
high pressure, or shaping and heating. The electrolyte
07,287,085 (95,287,085), 31 Oct. 1995, 18 Apr. 1994.
ma fusion ("cold fusion")".** Exper-
comprises a hydroxide, carbonate, sulfate, phosphate,
Apparatus equipped with a means around an absorbent
imental, gas phase Pd, D,, mass spec,
nitrate, halide, perchlorate, and/or B compound of an al-
(such as Pd or ceramic) which absorbed a material (such
helium, excess heat, This pair of authors
kali metal, alkaline earth metal, Group IIIB elements or
as D) which starts the nuclear fusion to prevent the ab-
has been producing a steady stream of
transition metais.
sorbed material from escaping from the absorbent. The
papers, using their Pd powder in a Pd
bottle, and D, gas, and producing excess!
means is a magnetic coil. The means may comprise an "Generation of thermal energy by cold nuclear fusion",
absorbent (which is a cathode), an electrical conductive
heat. They now add a high-resolution!
layer (which is used as an anode) is formed around the
Arata Y; Jpn. Kokai Tokkyo Koho, JP 08 75,882 [96
mass spectrometer. They repeatedly scan
75,882], Sep-94. Cited in Chem. Abstr. 124:327077
absorbent via an electrical insulator, and voltage is ap-
for masses between 3.95 to 4.05, and
plied. The efficiency of the nuclear fusion is improved.
(1996). Ultrafine Pd powder is put in a stainless steel
find a distinct 'He peak at 4.00260 ap-
vacuum vessel, then the vessel is filled with D, gas with
pearing next to that for D,, 4.02820, un-
pressure, the vessel is cooled with a cryostat to liquefy
"Cold nuclear fusion apparatus", Megumi Myake, JP
der those conditions where they see
07,244,176 (95,244,176), 19 Sept. 1995, 4 Mar. 1994.
the D,, the liq. D, is absorbed by the Pd until the Pd is
excess heat and claim cold fusion. No
satd. with the liq. D,, then the temp. of the vessel is
Apparatus is composed of putting D-absorbing Pd in a
'He or tritium was detected. There are
D bath and highly heat conductive Cu is connected to it.
raised to a proper temp. to produce thermal energy
based on cold nuclear fusion. Cold fusion can be carried
controls, and the He appears only when
heating the Pd sufficiently, indicating
out in a short time".
"System for Electrolysis", James A. Patterson, US
that it is produced within the metal.
5,494,559, 27 Feb. 1996, 8 Jun. 1995; 52 claims.
"Pulsed electrochemical converter of nuclear fusion en-
A system for electrolysis and heating of a liquid electro-
Celani F, Spallone A, Tripodi P. Petroc-
lyte comprising: an electrolytic cell including a non-
ergy and its operation", Arshinov AN, Burtsev AB, Gri-
chi A, Di Gioacchino D, Boutet A,Mari-
conductive housing and an inlet and an outlet; a first
goreva LK, Lisitsyn AL, Stankov VKh, Chizhik SP
ni P, Di Stefano, Diociaiuti M, Collis W;
(Tovarishchestvo s Organichennoi Otvetstvennostyu
conductive foraminous grid positioned
Fusion Technol. 29 (1996) 398, "Repr-
housing adjacent to said inlet; a second conductive for-
"Khimelektro", Russia); Russ. RU 2046464 C1, Appl.
oducible D/Pd ratio >1 and excess heat
24-Nov-92. Chem. Abstracts 124:187771 (1996).
aminous grid positioned within said housing spaced
correlation by 1-microsec-pulse, high-
current electrolysis".
from said first conductive grid and adjacent to said out- "Method for producing excess energy and neutron radi-
let; a plurality of conductive microspheres of substan-
A flow calorimeter was used, and the
ation in the mixture of the light atoms solved in current-
cathode was a number of 25*25*1 mm'
carrying material immersed in electrolyte and/or of the
communication with said first conductive grid and elec-
Pd sheets, with surrounding Pt anode, in
trically isolated from said second grid: said plurality of isotopes of said atoms, respectively in the interfacial
0.3 M LIOD. Loading was driven by
double layer of the electrolyte", Daruhazi L, Pinter OH;
microspheres each including: a conductive metal flash
high-level (100 A peak), short-time (<
Hung. Teljes HU 71,652, Sep-93, cf. Chem. Abstr.
coating of uniform thickness formed by chemical
300 ns) current pulses corresponding to a
124:326752 (1996). * "A claim is made for cold fusion
combination with a cation exchange surface of a spheri-
mean current of 64 mA. Loading was
of light atoms in the interfacial double layer of an elec-
cal cross-linked polymer microbead from a metal cation
measured by the deficit in the gases re-
trolyte. The electrodes are placed at min. 10 mm and
which will chemically reduce with hydrazine; a nickel
leased and checked by weighing the
immersed in the electrolyte". (from CA).
plating of uniform thickness formed atop said, flash
cathodes afterwards, heating to drive out
coating; a metallic hydride forming plating of uniform
the deuterium and reweighing; the two
thickness formed atop said nickel
measures agreed. Checks with nonab-
plating, said metallic hydride plating
sorbing Au cathodes showed an error off
being readily combinable with hy-
only 0.01 in loading. Loading time was
drogen or an isotope of hydrogen; a
about 3 days and loadings well above 1
metallic support plating of uniform
-up to 1.2- were achieved. Excess heat,
forming plating, said support plating
calculated after correction for the heat off
PLANETARY
ASSOCIATION
тог
CLEAN
ENERGY
water
electrolysis,
having a relatively high hydrogen
do A. Michrowski
Planetary Assoc. for Clean Energy
100 Bronson Avenue, Suite 1001
Priawa, Ontario KIR 6G8
CANADA
was up to nearly
diffusion rate and a relatively iow
100%, but not reproducible, possibly due
hydride formation ratio; means for
1o surface effects.
The absorption rate
pumping said liquid electrolyte into
seemed to be an indicator of success.
said electrolytic cell through said in-
let, said electrolyte having a conduc-
Wang D, Chen S, Li Y, Liu R, Wang M,
tive salt in solution with water, said
Fu Y, Zhang X, Zhang W: Yuanzi Yu
electrolyte exiting from said electro-
Fenzi Wuli Xuebao 10(3) (1993) 2789
lytic cell through said outlet; said
(in Chinese). Cited in Chem. Abstr.
pumping means maintaining
said
THE SIXTH
INTERNATIONAL
CONFERENCE ON
COLD FUSION
Taracal Cantinemen el thisterman in Falle
enct 1leh
coul
Ix. Mic
HIIIAY
120:228892 (1994).
electrolytic cell substantially filled
"Neutrons, gamma-rays and x-rays in a
Kno Thorplu on the earn of the Nukites.
electrolyte;
an electric
gas discharge".
"An anomalous phe-
power source having terminais oper-
In. himse
nomenon in a metal loaded with D was
Mosa Dr Carra, D. 11'F
ably connected to said first and se-
studied by using the gas-discharge meth-
cond grids.
od, and ca. 10" mus were detected. The
COLD FUSION TIMES
prodn. of n is controllable and repeatabil-
"Porous metal cathode for cold fu-
ity is 100%. Neutrons at energies of!
sion chain reaction, its manufacture,
1.0-3.0 MeV were measured by the
and electrolyte for reaction".
NE2 13 detector. Anomalous x-rays of av.
COLD FUSION TIMES
The Journal Of The Scientific Aspects
Of Loading Isotopic Fuels Into Materials
LYNa 1wt1-147a
energy (27.6" 21) keV were measured
Reiko
Notoya,
07,174,878
(95,174,878), 14 July 1995, 29 Oct.
Anomalous gamma-rays of energy ca.
470 keV were measured."
1993,
The cathode consists of a
Cold Fusion Times' Web Home Page:
http://world.std.com/~mica/cft.html
porous metal (voids 0.5-80 volume
%) selected from a transition metal,
© JET Technology

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1143, "chars": 8169, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
MATERIALS CORNER UNUSUAL ISOTOPES APPEAR
SUGGESTING NUCLEOSYNTHESIS
Anomalous Isotopic Distribution
T. Mizuno Continued from page 1
For example, natural copper is 70% Cul, and 30% Cus. But the copper
found in the cathode was 100% CuP, with no detectable levels of Cu"s.
Natural isotopic distribution varies by less than 0.001% for copper.
Palladium rods used were of high purity (99.97% min.) supplied by
Tanaka Noble Metais, Ltd. Impurities in the sample were as follows; B:
110 ppm, Si: 10. Ca: 9, Cr: 10, Cu: 6. Ti: 5, Ag: 44, Mg: I, Pt: 20 and Au:
23. Palladium rods used were of high purity (99.97% min.) supplied by
Tanaka Noble Metals, Ltd. Impurities in the sample were as follows; B:
110 ppm, Si: 10. Ca: 9, Cr: 10, Cu: 6. Ti: 5, Ag: 44, Mg: 1, Pt: 20 and Au:
23. Nothing more was detected by atomic absorption photospectroscopy.
Heavy water was supplied by Showa Denko, Ltd. It is 99.75% pure and
includes 0.077 [micro]Ci/dm' of tritium. The heavy water was purified
once in a quartz glass distiller. Reagent grade lithium hydroxide was ob-
tained from Merck, Ltd. Impurities in the reagent were specified as fol-
lows; Li,CO,: 2% max, Cl: 0.05%, Pb: 20 ppm, Ca: 200, Fe: 20, K: 200
and Na: 200. The anode and recombiner catalyst were, respectively, a high
purity (99.99%) Pt plate and a Pt mesh. The Pt metal is specified to con-
tain impurities as follows; Rin: 18 ppm, Si, Cr and Pd; 2 ppm, Au, Ag, B,
Ca, Cu and Fe; less than 1 ppm. Other impurities were under the limits of
detection. Electrolysis was performed in a closed cell made of stainless
steel. The cell inner wall was coated with 1 mm thick Teflon. The details
have been described elsewhere (1). Before the electrolyte was added to the
Pd cell, it was pre-electrolyzed with Pt electrodes at 1 A and 150 deg C for
6 × 105 s (7 days). Electrolysis experiments were performed at a current
density of 0.2 A cm' or total current of 6.6 A at 10° n for 2:76 x 10"s (32
days). The sample electrodes were analyzed for elensent detection by ener-
gy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDX), Auger electron spectroscopy
Croanalyzer (PAn mass spectroscopy (SIMS) and election rabe mi-
croanalyzer (EPMA).
de novo NUCLEOSYNTHESIS
Cont, page 5
nuclear transformations. Their research indicates anomalous radioactiv-
ity and the de novo appearance of unexpected elements.
In some of their
experiments this is a result of igniting a mixture containing inorganic
compounds.
COLD FUSION TIMES features excerpts of reports from the
ILENR2 meeting. Barry Merriman and Jed Rothwell (and Bob Horst)
have been very helpful by summarizing what many felt was a good, solid
meeting on a subject which appears to be developing compelling data.
In conclusion, what is most interesting about some of these reports
is the monotonic increasing depth-related alterations in the generated iso-
topic distributions within Dr. Mizuno's electrodes.
The volume integral
of available all isotopes (e.g. contamination, corrosion materials) remains
to be further clarified on a semiquantitative basis. However, when it is
done, this new nucleosynthetic technology will have its own convincing
demonstration that excess enthalpy and helium-4 production are now
joined by generation of de novo elements in certain fully loaded active
COMING:
More Technical Papers
ICCF-6 Reports
Isotopic Shifts
Phonon spectra
Survey Results
Gas/Glow Discharge Loading
Lavoisier & Platinum Metallurgy
Nanodot Technology
Anomalous Radioactivity and Inorganic Mixtures
Lin and O'M. Bockris
Continued from paye 10
Some methods bave given more precious metals then others. It has been
suggested that recovery of more gold from the ores by use of different fire as-
saying technique is the result of transmutation at chemical temperatures of other
elements to gold instead of by means of a greater efficiency in extraction. In
this paper, we report experimental results on anomalous radioactivity and ap-
pearance of small quantities of unexpected elements achieved by rapidly ignit-
ing a mixture of inorganic compounds. The details of the experiments and the
results analyzed in our laboratory and in other private laboratories are
presented.
Anomalous Radioactivity - A decay of B- radiation after igniting a chemi-
cal mixture has been observed [11]. The experiment was performed on April
14, 1992. The chemical composition of the mixture used are listed as follows:
C (100 g), KNO, (300 g), S (30 g), SiO, (30 g), FeS (40 g), HB,Cl, (10 g),
PbO (10 g). The chemicals were weighed separately, and then mixed together.
The mixture was ignited in a hood. The burn lasted about 60 sec. The product
was ground in a mortar with a pestle after cooling down. Samples from both
the original mixture and the product were examined. Radioactive emission
from the samples was detected by means of a detector (Model 44-1, Ludlum
Measurements, Inc.), and recorded by a multichannel pulse height analyzer
(Model 800, The Nucleus Inc.) and a data system (Model ZVM-123-A, Ze-
detector was covered by a black box to shield it from the room
light. The counts of the product were higher than those of the raw material,
about 1.4 times greater. The counts of the raw material were stable. On the
other hand, decay of the radiation from the product was observed. The B
count of the product (background counts subtracted), as a function of time had
exponential decay, and a half life time of 17.7 hours was calculated. Several
other experiments were performed. Not every experiment gave the same results,
i.e., conditions for the reproduction of the experiment are not yet well defined.
Unexpected Elements - Six experiments, named thermal I to thermal 6,
were performed in Texas A&M University from April 30, 1992 to June 15.
1992.
Four experiments showed an enhancement of gold by 1-2 orders of
magnitude above the maximum concentration of gold present in the starting
material. These results were confirmed by multiple independent analyses using
several different methods and executed by various organizations. However, it
was not found possible to reproduce these results in later attempts. Two
decay experiments showed a half life time of around 20 hours. However, these
two runs did not give positive gold production. in 1995, Noninski [12] sug-
gested that the apparent decay of the burned product may have been caused
by a layer of water adsorbed increasingly from the atmosphere. Thus, further
investigation would be required for obtaining a definite conclusion as to the
reality of the radioactivity.
The lack of repeatability of the results firstly ob-
tained, does not permit a conclusion that the examined "gunpowder" method
caused transmutation at low energies. There is a tradition among mining engi-
neers that, by use of such explosive techniques, an order of magnitude increase
in the noble metals extracted from ores otherwise classed as "low grade" can be
achieved. However, three successful experiments used pure chemicals, not
res 2s are a 103(1919 415.
8. P. Sing, ct. al., Fusion Technology, 26
2.E. Rutherford and J. Chadwick, Nature (1994) 266.
107 (1921) 41.
9. T. Nakamura, et. al., Chemistry Express,
3.J. J. Thomson,
"On the Appearance of 8 (1993) 341
Heliurn and Neon in Vacuum Tubes, Na-
10. J. O'M. Bockris, R. T. Bushi, G. H. Litt,
ture 90 (1913) 645.
and R. A. Monti, "Do Nuclear Reactions
4.C. Kervran, "Biological Transmutation",
Take Place under Chemical Stimulation?*.
Beckman, N.Y. 1971.
J. New Energy, 1 (1996) 5.
5.G. Oshawa, East-West Institute Maga-
11.G. H. Lin, R.: Bhardwaj, and J. O'M.
zine, March 1995.
Bockris, J. Sci. Exploration, 9, No. 2, 5
6. M. Kushi, Private communication to J.
(1995).
O'M. Bockris, May 1992.
12.V. C. Noninski, J. Ciottone, and P.
7. R. Sundaresan and J. O'M. Bockris, Fu-
White, "Experiments on Claimed Emis-
sion Technology, 26 (1994) 261.
sion", J. Sci, Exploration 9, No. 3 (1995) I.
The COLD FUSION TIMES wants you. Your subscription, and support
is needed now. It is the only cold fusion journal which is devoted exclusively
to the material, economic, and intellectual property issues of loading isotopic
fuel - a hydrogen isotope - into a material used to produce useful energy.
• JET Technology

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1188, "chars": 7883, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLD FUSION
TECHNOLOGIES
ACTIVE MEDIA? POSITIVE FEEDBACK?
M. Swartz, "Catastrophic Active Me-
of cold fusion hypothesizes that these
dium Hypothesis of Cold Fusion",
desired reactions occur at select va-
Vol. 4, Proceedings: "Fourth Interna-
cancies and defects.
tional Conference on Cold Fusion".
Catastrophic deuteron, plas-
sponsored by EPRI and the Office of
mon, phonon, and polaron fluxes
Naval Research, December (1994).
are coupled with further exother-
The catastrophic active medium
mic
deuteron
desaturation
(CAM) theory hypothesizes a two-
create an active medium and at
stage system for cold fusion that ends
least one positive feedback loop.
with the production of the cracks
There is possible internal conversion
which absorb and dissipate, rather
of any potential fusion reactions to
than create, the energy required to ac-
the lattice by coupling through the
tivate the desired reactions. Follow-
phonons, already present from the de-
ing adequate deuteron loading, a
saturation, and polarons which
in-
local inhomogeneity of heat distribu-
crease the effective mass of
the
tion in the metal is hypothesized to
deuterons.
The dynamic instability
cause an in-situ fractional desatura-
continues either until the active me-
tion of the fully-loaded palladium.
dia is drained or, by a second cata-
This desaturation is facilitated by op-
strophic
tical phonons,
which couple with
process,
the
fusion-defect-site is no longer con-
deuteron transport. The CAM theory
fined.
S. Pons, M. Fleischmann (Cent. Sci., neutron generation. Some of the major;
IMRA Europe SA, Valbonne, France), steps in the development of this par-
"Calibration of the Pd-D,O System: ticular aspect are outlined; it has been
Effects
of Procedure and Positive found that excess heat production is
Feedback," J. Chim.
Phys. Phys.- dependent on the protocol of the ex-
Chim. Biol, vol 93, no 4, (1996), Pg periments mainly because of "posi-
711-730.
tive feedback" A rationale for such
The authors outline some of the
"positive feedback" is presented which
considerations which have prompted also explains oscillations in the system
their research on anomalously fast nu- properties. The authors illustrate the
clear reactions of D° compressed elec- progressive development of the inves-
trochem. into Pd (and Pd alloy) host tigation leading to the achievement of
lattices. The most surprising result has specific rates of excess enthalpy pro-
been that the generation of high levels duction of 4 kW co at temperatures up
of excess enthalpy is not accompanied
to 100 degrees (i.e. of low-grade heat).
by the expected levels of tritium and
REVIEWS OF: Milton, Richard; "Forbidden Science. Suppressed re-
search that could change our lives". Fourth Estate, London 1994.
ISBN 1-85702-302-1 (also published under the title "Allernative Science")
Dieter Britz's Review: The author contends that big science has dis-
torted what science is all about, and now has its own useless momentum, and
actively suppresses any new science that might act as a threat to ongoing big
projects or challenge received wisdom. One of the recurring example cases is
that of cold fusion, which Milton accepts as having been proven by 92 labs
around the world. He believes that the hot fusion establishment is behind its
suppression. Other cases are mentioned, such as the reaction to Velikovsky
(whom he also seems to believe), Halton Arp (a good example, it seems to
this abstracter) etc. He comes up with the interesting concept of'experts in de-
scribing bad situations such as disease, but who cannot offer any solutions.
Generally, big science is heavily (and convincingly) criticized. An excellent
and thought-provoking book.
William Beaty's Review: "FORBIDDEN SCIENCE," excellent anti-
skept book! finally discovered a copy of It sheds light on the "taboos" phe-
nomena which rule modern science, and on the hidden battle going on between
the skeptical orthodoxy and the frontier researchers. It contains details of nu-
merous historical examples where the skeptics WERE wrong, where skeptical
suppression really did greatly impede progress. It's quite well done and intelli-
gently well argued (though I'm biased heavily in favor of unconventional re-
search, so make your own decision!) I was glad to see details about the twisted
thinking which goes into automatic rejection and ridicule of "obviously crazy"
claims. In the section on the Wright Brothers, we hear that the Wrights con-
ducted their later flight experiments in 1904 and 1905 in Dayton' Ohio in an
open field bordered by two main highways and a rail line. (cont. page 8)
Cavitation Induced MicroFusion
Russ George
Cont. page 1
The evidence from this project demonstrates that
substantial excess heat is highly reproducible but not
with perfect predictability. The evidence for 'He shows
it is present as a signature of the nuclear reaction(s)
generated but is unlikely the product of a single princi-
pal heat producing reaction. Indeed the helium produc-
ing reactions must be relatively minor contributors to
the anomalous heat in this series of experiments. Isoto-
pic shifts in the Pd isotope ratios suggest a link to a reaction involving the
entry of a hydrogen isotope into the large Pd nucleus. The precise nuclear
reactions occurring in the experiments remain difficult to define and are
the subject of an intensive ongoing search.
The first experiments conducted resulted in dramatic melting of pal-
ladium targét foils (5 cm x 5 cm x 0.1 mm) while immersed in flowing
DO and impinged upon by an acoustic field of approximately 2-3 watts
per em'. Calorimetric studies revealed production of a large amount of ex-
cess power relative to the electrical input power consumed to produce the
ultrasonic energy. Later experiments included analyses of gases from the
helium tight stainless steel apparatus and revealed relatively large amounts
of 'He as measured by 3 independent laboratories. While the 'He observed
was a significant signal it was not in sufficient quantity to be commensu-
rate with the excess heat observed using standard nuclear fusion reaction
paths such as D+D ->'He (24 Mev). Experiments in this project were de-
signed to repeat, with both E-Quest and SRI staff, previous experiments, as
conducted by E-Quest at Los Alamos National Laboratory in 1993 and in
E-Quest labs from 1989-present, and to search for coincident 4He. The ex-
periments sinow reproducible large excess power (tens to hundreds of ther-
mal watts) is generated in the device based on calorimetric measurement of
I total energy input and heat output. The figure shows a summary plot of
data from the experiments conducted at SRI during the course of this proj-
ect. The diagonal line is drawn through points determined via the use of a
Joule heater and show measurement of heat in equal to heat out. Many of
the experimental points which include some experiments with inactive in-
gredients fall on or near the Joule heater calibration confirming the case for
no excess heat. However many points fall far to the left of the calibration
line and demonstrate excess energy. The one point which is attached to a
vertical line is used to illustrate the substantial excess power which in this
case is about 160% of the input of just under 200 watts.
400
375 -
350
325
The vertical line shows
excess heat (-120 w)
for one deta poind
Qout = Total Thermal Watts
175
150
125
100
75
50
25
e dagonal trend line
awn through the Jo
eater calibration point:
Dout-Qin mo
→+
Qin = W +Q(H) (Electrical Watts)
Authors, scientists, writers, inventors, entrepreneurs, consul-
tants, economists, futurists - you're invited to submit manu-
scripts for consideration for publication in the
COLD FUSION TIMES
.P.O. Box 81135 Wellesley Hills, MA 02181
Your diskette is helpful, or e-mail to mica@world.std.com
There is NO publication witt
ligher information density in this fiel

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1250, "chars": 8363, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JET Technology I:
COLD
FUSION
TIMES
Anomalous Isotopic Distribution
T. Mizuno Continued from page 5
are shown in Figure 3; Cr, Fe and Cu showed large shifts in isotopic ra-
tios. Especially notable was the fact that no "Cu peak was observed. Except
for a few cases, in generally the isotope abundances are higher for odd mass
numbers and lower for even ones, as compared with the natural ratios. In Fig-
ure 4, for mass numbers between 100 and 140, Cd and Xe were shown to
have large shifts in abundances. In Figure S, for mass number between 172
and 208, large shifts were seen for Hf, Re, Ir, Os and Hg.
Generally speak-
ing, heavier isotopes increased compared to the natural ratio, and lighter iso-
topes decreased. For example, Mg? went from 79% down to 74%, while
Mg? went from 11% to 12%. This rule did not hold for some elements with
few isotopes: Cu" increased while Cuts was absent; Ti"' increased while Ti"
decreased. The pattern is confusing for Call' to Calt: a slight decrease, a
giant increase, a large increase and compensating drop in heaviest isotope,
number 114. Data from some elements are not shown in Figures 3 to 5 be-
cause their peaks overlapped with those of other elements, or because they
showed only a small difference with natural abundance, Neutron intensity
and energy measurements were carried out simultaneously, in paraliel. The
neutron evolution rate was sporadic and weak, as previously reported (2),
with levels of -0.4 counts per second. No gases such as He, Oz and Ar were
detected. Excess heat generation was less reproducible, varying from 10° lo
10 joules. (3)
Discussion
Essentially the same phenomenon was confirmed five
times with high reproducibility at high cathodic current density, above 0.2 A
cm'. Current density ranged from 0.2 to 0.6 A/cmZ. Different isotope distri-
butions were obtained, depending on the current density. This will be de-
scribed more fully in an upcoming paper. It can hardly be imagined that all of
the elements found were impurities in electrolyte, electrode or cell. Even if
we suppose that all impurities in the system accumulated in the cathode, the
amount would be 10 to 100 times smaller than the total amount we detected.
Furthermore, it is simply impossible to explain the shifts in the isotopic dis-
tribution. Hence, it must be concluded that some novel reactions occurred, re-
sulting in the reactants which were found abundant in the electrolyte and
electrode material. We assume the cathode palladium was the starting materi-
al for these reactions, but it is possible that impurities and other cell compo-
nents such as Li, DO, Pd, Pt, K, Na, Ca, B, C, Ag and Fe may have provided
the starting material for the nuciear reactions.
The paliadium surface became rough and porous aller several weeks of
electrolysis, probably due to hydrogen attack, The current may have in-
creased in such roughened surface areas, which would in turn cause a larger
reaction and a higher concentration of the reaction products. Enyo (4-6) re-
ported that the effective hydrogen pressure at the hydrogen evolving elec-
trode depends upon the hydrogen atom recombination process which follows
the water discharge process.
The division of the overpotential between
these two steps may be important. It was suggested that at Pd electrodes in al-
kaline solution the eflective hydrogen pressure may rise as high as 10' atm
(7,8). There may be further increases at local points on a heterogeneous sur-
face. One may even speculate that the hydrogen isotope nucleus sometimes
closely approaches the medium nucleus (9). An estimate by Nernst Equation
indicates that 5 x 10° atm of pressure may be realized at 140 mV of overpo-
tential at the electrolysis current density of 200 mA cm on a flat palladium
surface. (1 0) Furthermore, the pressure distribution depends on the roughness
of the surface, because local current density and the partition of overpotential
components may vary with roughness. There are several reports (11-13) of
evolution of elements by electrolysis. However, only a few (14,15) demon-
strated shifts in isotopic abundance. For a gold electrode (16), which also
generated various elements by cathodic electrolysis different isotopic distri-
butions were seen. In this case also, the reaction sites were unevenly distrio-
uted on the surface. Typically, the active points may have occupied about
10" cm" areas and numbered 10° to 10° per cm at the surface. Thus, the cur-
rent is likely to be concentrated at localized points 10 to 100 times higher
ENGINEERING AND MATERIALS
VIEW TOWARD COLD FUSION
Cavitation Induced MicroFusion
Cont. page 6
Melting and damage to the palladium targets was a frequent occurrence
providing additional evidence of anomalous large heating events within the
palladium lattice. Excess power generation was more or less continuous
over the operation of experiments lasting typically 24 hours. Nearly 1/3 of
the experiments failed to produce excess heat and represent ideal "controls"
which are in close agreement with the Joule heater calibration. Experiments
showing excess power ranged from a few tens of watts to over 100 watts
measured to an accuracy of -5-10%. The measured "He is found to reveal a
trend of increasing 'He associated with increasing excess heat, power input
• and experiment duration. The 'He was found in smaller amounts (2
101-10' atoms vs. 10" -10'" atoms) than in previous experiments but is
shown in context of a demonstrated low background. In earlier experiments
the helium produced was shown to be isotopically unique in that it was not
associated in the expected or natural ratio with "He or "Ne. Isotopic analy-
sis of the helium produced in the experiments described herein was not
within the scope of this project. Studies of the palladium target metal using
high resolution dynamic and time of flight SIMS techniques have revealed
anomalies of isotope ratios in the palladium isotopes and a variety of other
isotopes in the targets. This evidence is strongly suggestive of particular nu-
clear reactions but confirmation awaits additional studies using SIMS and
other isotope ratio analytical techniques.
=
than average. Such high pressure can induce neutrons to enter into heavy nu-
clei and successively form an unstable heavy nucleus (17). If the reactions
start from palladium as the electrode material, fusion and fission may take
place simultaneously. Atomic numbers of 20, 28, 50 and 82 are called mag-
ic numbers. Here,
MASlXe nuclei are abnormally increased, and hence the
number of neutrons changes to magic number 82, and especially stable nu-
clei are selectively produced. In this way, the isotopic distributions of the
products after electrolysis can be explained in terms of the difference of
binding energy of the nucles. It must be admitted that these reactions have
no solid, detailed theoretical basis yet, but in broad terms this can explain
most of the elements which were observed. One may also imagine that as
such transmutation reactions were presumably taking place during the elec-
trochemical process, they are likely to be connected with other phenomena
such as hydrogen embrittlement and local corrosion.
Conclusion Anomalous evolution of various elements in palladium
electrodes was confirmed after high current density cathodic electrolysis un-
der high temperature and pressure for a long time. The following conclu-
sions were drawn: (1) The mass number of the evolved elements were
distributed roughly in three groups: 20 to 28, 46 to 54 and 72 to 82, with the
amounts, respectively, >50%, 10% and <5% compared to palladium.
(2) These evolved elements were found on the surface, and also in the
bulk of the electrode in amounts 10 to 100 times smaller.
(3) Many evolved elements accumulated in holes and cracks on the
electrode which formed during electrolysis.
ICCF-6
October 13 (Sun.) - 18 (Fri.), 1996
* Excess Energy Phenomena in Deuter-
ium/ Mctal
Systems
(Experiments
and
Theory)
• Corelation Belween Excess Energy and
Nuclear Products (Experiments and Theory)
" Nuclear Physics Approaches
* Material Science Studies
*Innovative Approaches
Fax: +81-3-3508-8902
COLD FUSION
TIMES
The Journal Of The
Scienuific Aspects Of Looking
fostepic Fine/s fues Messerials
@ 1996 JET Technology
All rights reserved
BROUGHT TO YOU BY THE FIRST
AMENDMENT OF THE UNITED
STATES CONSTITUTION

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 822, "chars": 6290, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Anomalous Isotopic
Distribution
T. Mizuno Continued from page 7
(4) Some of the evolved elements have isotopic
distributions drastically different from natural
ones, especially for Cu, Br, Xe, Pd, Cd, Hf, Re,
Pt, Ir and Hg.
(5) Gaseous Xe was noteworthy because it was
so abundant. Xenon is particularly unlikely to
be a contaminant because metals do not absorb
noble gases. and because the cathode was de-
gassed in a vacuum at 473 deg K for 20 hours.
(6) The elements in the bulk layer changed in
concentration with depth and showed shifts of
isotopic distribution.
(7) Light elements such as O, C, Ca, Na, Mg
and Al showed small isotopic shifts.
(8) Ni and Co were also confirmed but their
isotopic distribution could not be measured be-
cause their SIMS peaks overlapped with those
of other elements.
(9) The isotopic distributions of Pd and Pt were
also shifted.
(10) We conclude that nuclear reactions must
have occurred during the electrochemical pro-
1. Tadaiko Mizuno. Tadaall Akimo-. C. E. Rolls and W. S. Rodney.
lo. Nazahisa Azuni and Michko Eno, "Cauldron In the Cosmas: Ticorait
Diffuslon Rale of Demerium In Pd cal Astrophysics Scries. The Universl
during Conbodie Charying". Derki Ka-ty of Chicago Pross Y6-192 (19%*).
I. Mosle H. Mintz. "Mixed Medu-
2. Tadshiko Miruno. Tadaslú Akino-Disms Controlling Hydrogon-Tricriace
10 and Norio Salo. "Noutron Exolution Meclanisin".
Alloys and Con-
from Auncaled Palladlum Cathode in pounds, 176, 77-47 (1491).
LIOD-DO Solutlon". Donki Kagaku 11. J. OM, Bockna and R. Sundare-
57, 00. 7, 742 (1989).
"Electrochemistry.
Tritium and
1. Todahiko Miauo. Tudashi Akinso- Transmunarion". (Table 2), Cold Ful-
10. Azulia Azumi and Noño Salo. sion Source Book ted. by H. Foxl. in-
Tritiuna Evaluion during Calodie lemational
Symposium on
Cold
Polarication of Palladiura Electrode In Fusion and Advanced Encrey Sources.
DO Solution,
Denkl Kagake 59, Minsk. Belarus May 1934.
7о.%. 149 (1991).
12. Y. Kucheror: A.
Karaben. 1. Sar-
1. Tactor Maoka and Micho Enyo, taimona. "Calorimeric and Nucicar
"Hydrogen Absorplion by
Palladium Products Mcaserenicius
Gloti-
lecuroda Polarizod in Sulfuric Acid Disclurge in Deucrium". Sciciif
stion Conlainine Surface Acine Industrial Associalion. LUCH. P
Substances It' Elecrochlmica Acta dolsk, Moscow Region, Russian Fed-
revicued by
5 Tadanort Maaka and Michio Ena, Swarl Cold Fusion Tines vol.t.
"The Orarporatial Componenis on ao.t. p.11).
Le Palladion Hydrogen Elcctrode'. J. 17. M. I. Martinas, A. I. Moldianor
ClICHIL
LUx.
277-292 and A. M. Chersporaki (Kurchator
Alginic Energ: Inst.). "Invenipation
• Michio Eno. "Kinctics of the Ele-of Anomalous Nuclcar Evenis to Act-
mentary Steps of the Hydrogen Elec-als Saturaled with Deuterium". Cold
trade
Reaction on Pd
im Acidic Nuclear Fusion, Couct of Intersecto-
Solution". J. Eloctroanal. ClecaL, 134, rial Scicnoc. Ençincering and Venic
75-86 (1982).
Non-con cational Technologica, Mor-
Tadahiko
Ilizuno
and Michio con, *4.71 (1915). Abstracts review:
Eno. *Sorprion of Hydrogen on and Fusion Facts rol.9, n0.5. November,
Hydrogen-Absorting Matals
in 20(1995)
preblished In Modern Aspects of Elec- Mullen Eula chang Errowy of 1124)
trochemiser, val. 30 (1990).
41A0* 1
1. Ento a P. C, Bistaz, "Hadro- IS. R. T tub and R. D. Explana, finds
Absorpion in Pu Elctrode la Al- C'ubl Fumin t'ansarl kindliny Frenz, del!
kalinc
Solurions".
Electroanal 1112114
Сист. 275, 129-719 (1992).
and Nichin tanis
ang high
William Beaty's REVIEW of
"FORBIDDEN SCIENCE" (continued from page 6)
They gave rides to railway employees and managers.
the field was donated by a Dayton bank president, and
the local Dayton newspapers received so many inquiries
from witnesses that the papers complained abour the
muisance. Yet neither the Dayton Joumul nor the Dall'
News carried a single newspaper story, and neither
looked into the reports! In an interview about this, one
of the editors stated "We just didn't believe it." And
then in 1906, the Scientific American published an ar-
ticle ridiculing the alleged flights the Wrights claimed to
be inaking as hoaxes, arguing that, had the flights been
real. they would have been widely publicized in the
newspapers! The book also goes into interesting details
on believer/skeptic controversies botl historical and
contemporary, effects of beliefs on behavior anong sci-
entists, questionable CSICOP practices, scientific ta-
boos and the forces supporting them, and lots of
interesting 'dirt that the staunch Hyper-skeptic would
probably prefer remains forgotten. Ol, it also features a
good bibliography and chapter references for those
who'd like to check out the papers and publications.
+...
FOR THE WORLD
SET Technology O
(More Information - See Pages 2 And 3 Too)
8
COLD FUSION
TIMES
BROUGHT TO YOU BY THE FIRST
AMENDMENT OF THE UNITED
STATES CONSTITUTION
JOURNAL OF
Jonesy.or
NEW ENERGY
International Low Energy
Nuclear Reactions
Conference Proceedings
in Issue #Z
in next issue
1 (801) 583-6232
The World
A Public Information Udlity
Software Iool & Die
1330 Beacon Street, Suite 218
Brookline, Massachusetts 0214€
office@world.std.com
617-739-0202
Subscribe Now To..
ELECTRIFYING TIMES
International Coverage of:
E New Propulsion Technology
Z Over Unity -- Antigravity
V Latest Battery Technology
3 issues per year for only SID
- Affordable Advertising -
63600 Deschutes Rd Bend, OR 97701
(503) 388-1908
FAX (360) 693-4408
JET Energy
Technology
Series 95 Multiring™
Calorimeters
(35 cc. 620121 chip. 1.5 mW scositirily)
1280 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(GX1ZII chip. 10 m1H0-1D 1,55 Ampere drive)
1200 Electrophotodynamic Driver
(oxxxi chip. I micro-to d 19 Ampere drive )
T-NOTCH™ Nickel
Reactors
5-10.5 Wait Lipot Water System
500 - 10.5 Kilowalt Light Water System
Spectroscopic Analysis #
Integrating Multiring™ Calorimeters
T-NOTCH™ Nickel Reactors
Specimen Testing. & Certification
Integral
Thereal
iT BED TEA
Nickel
Sample
and
Control
Resistor
JET Energy Technology
P.O. Box 81135 Wellesley Hills. MA 02181
International Low Energy Nuclear Reac-
tions Conference #2 Videos
Tapes of Meeting September '96
6 tapes
$120
Dr. Guang Lin 1 409-845-3661
More detailed analyses are available.
Technical reports on cold fusion, on
material and material processing.
Write the COLD FUSION TIMES
c/o Technical Reports Dept.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1498, "chars": 9772, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* WHAT'S
HAPPENIN' **
OP-ED COLUMN --
Rothwell's ILENR2 Summary
Cont. from page 2
Miley is not the first to report metal transmutations
in cold fusion cathodes. I believe that honor goes to Mi-
zuno, who is usually years ahead of everyone else. But
Miley's data is the most extensive, and his experimental
technique and exposition are brilliant.
Mizuno 12] -
The cathode is carefully prepared,
Claytor [12] - Claytor continues to report progress
in tritium generation by plasma discharge (sparking)
throughs deuterium gas. His best results to date have been
with palladium alloys Pa (90%) Rh (5%) Co (5%). In 12
runs this worked well four times. When he adds a small
amount of CO, (<1%) to the deuterium gas, the plasma
wire often soaks up a larger volume of gas more quickly,
and it produces more tritium. Most impurities poison the
reaction, but some enhance it tremendously.
A memo written by Distinguished Professor John
O'M. Bockris and distributed at The Second International
Low Energy Nuclear Reactions Conference (ILENR2) Sep-
tember 13, 1996 College Station, Texas
WHY WE ARE NOT MEETING AT TEXAS
and cleaned by being heated to 200 deg C for 16 hours.
The levels of contamination measured in the cathode and
cell components are carefully measured before the experi-
ment, and this data proves that contamination could not
possibly account for the elements found in the cathode.
One of the cathodes used in this work underwent heat af-
ter death, in the first recorded instance of this in the litera-
ture. The Delta T temperature spontaneously rose 30 deg
C and remained hot for three days.
Dash [3] - Dash has been working with Ti cathodes
and slender resources. He reports excess heat and trans-
mutations. He uses two air-cooled static calorimeters in
series, attached to a data acquisition computer, One cell
contains a blank, one a Ti cathode. The electrolyte is 0,99
mole DO and 0.01 mole H,SO,. These
are closed cells
with recombiners. The wires leading into the cells for
electrolysis and the sensors pass through wax, which is
not a very good method of sealing a closed cell. The cells
weigh a little less after experimental runs because some
gas is lost through the wax. In a typical excess heat run,
the cold fusion cell consumes 20% less energy than the
SEM photos of many
cathode surfaces showed
eruptions of material from inside, looking like the surface
of the moon, [2, 3] It was this damaged material and the
reas around it that was transmuted. In cases where the
transmutations occurred well below the surface the tate-
rial was not ejected but damage was scen when the outer
layers were removed. [5) The transmuted elements were
not unifonnly distributed. Areas with no damage often re-
mained highly purified metal (Pd, Ni, Ti or Au).
This is a
large effect, easily detecied. In many cases, large amounts
of the metal were transmuted. Miley |•] reported up to
40% of the total metal was transmuted, where the starting
metal was better than 99% pure. Minevski said that in the
layers where transmutations occurred, up to 70% of the
material was no longer palladium. Mizuno reported three
peaks of new elements: light, medium and heavy ele-
ments.
Miley said he saw the same pattern, with the
three peaks moving up or down the spectrum depending
on the metal he started out with (Pd or NI).
I applied io the Department Head, who had
sanctioned last year's Meeting. He referred it to the
newly formed Chemistry Department Advisory Com-
mittee, I supplied each member of the Committee
with a copy of Storm's 1996 review before the Meer.
ing at which a vate was to be taken. I briefly ad.
dressed the Committee at the Meeting.
I asked the Department Head in two memos why
he had voted against having the Meeting. He did not
reply to this question. I spoke with a Member of the
Committee and he said that the opinion was that
the field did not exist, that any suggestion that it
did must constitute fraud and the idea of having a
Meeting to discuss it, a joke. I sent him references to
the Reifenshweller experiments described in Physics
B, and refered to publications exceeding 1000 in
Texas A&M ranks number 2 in the country in
respect to the facilities for nuclear research within
a University, (e.g., as in the Cyclotron Institute).
6 September 1996
control, yet it is 4 deg C hotter. This represents a 1.2 watt
i. G. Miley (University III), Nuclear Reaction
9. G. H. Lin (Texas A&M University).
excess with a 0.6 gram cathode. After he washes away
5. Z. Minevski (Lynnlech), Two Zones of
Anomalous Radioactivity and Unexpected
galvanized contamination from the surface with an ultra-
2. T. Mizuno (Hokkaida Nat. University).
"Impurities" Observed After Prolonged Elec-
Elements as =
Result
of Heating
Oxide
sonie jewelry cleaner in de-ionized water, Dash finds that
Mixtures
most of the surface highly pure Ti. This shows the clean-
6. M. Swartz (JET Energy Tech.), Deuterium
10, T. Grotz (Wireless Engineering), Synthe-
ing method works well. But in the material that had 3. J. Dash (Portland State University), Excess
Production and Light Water Excess Enthalpy
sis of Iron via Arc Discharge through Acti-
erupted from below he found a mixture of different ele-
Heat and Unexpected Elemenis from Elec-
Experiments Using Nickel Cathodes
vated Carbon
Irolysis of Acidified Heavy Water with Tita-
7. R. George (E-Quest Sciences), Isolopic
11. K. Shoulders, Observations on the Role of
ments, which were surprising unevenly distributed within
Ratio Anomalies Induced in Palladium by the
Charge Clusters in Nuclear Cluster Reactions
the ejecta. The SEM photos Dash showed during his lec-
12.. T Claytor (Los Alamos National Labora-
ture did not clearly show that the lumps on the surface of mal
8. H. Fox (Fusion Info Center), Low-Energy
lory), Tritium Production From Palladium and
the cathode were ejecta; they looked like clumps of debris
Nuclear Reactions in an Electrolytic Cell
Palladium Alloys.
that had been deposited onto the surface. However, evi-
dence in his Fusion Technology paper demonstrates that it
History Repeats Itself?
possibility of transmuting inferior metals into gold.
comes from inside, He said that Ti damages more easily
Diocletian and Texas A&M
The Italian Scholastic philosopher St. Thomas
than Pd, and it is highly reactive.
Swartz [6] - Swartz described meticulous multi-ring
Alchemy, ancient art practiced especially in the
Aquinas, the Catalan churchman Raymond Lully,
and
the Benedictine monk Basil
Valentine
calorimetry of a unique design, featuring multiple enve-
Middle Ages, devoted chiefly to discovering a sub-
(flourished 15th century) also did much to further
lopes within envelopes. This allows high accuracy while stance that would transmute the more common
the progress of chemistry, although along alchemi-
persevering the isolation and cleanliness necessary to metals into gold or silver and to finding a means of
finding transmutations, where Miley and Claytor trade off indefinitely prolonging human life. The birthplace
cal lines, in discovering the uses of antimony, the
calorietric precision for cleanliness. Swartz's calorime- of alchemy was ancient Egypt, where, in Alexan-
manufacture of amalgams, and the isolation of
try is as conservative. He measures I*V input and makes dria, it began to flourish in the Hellenistic period;
spirits of wine, or ethyl alcohol. (Encana Encydopedia)
no adjustments for gas losses. His electrochemistry is
simultaneously, a school of alchemy was develop-
unique in many ways: he uses no sals in the electrolyie, ing in China. The Roman emperor Caligula is said
and he reports some of his best excess heat results with
natural light water and a gold cathode, which produces 3 to have instituted experiments for producing gold
WORLD WIDE WEB SOURCES
ON COLD FUSION
to 6 times input.
Swartz hypothesizes that some nuclear from orpiment, a sulfide of arsenic, and the em-
aslı might be in the form of hydrogen transmuled into deu- peror Diocletian is said to have ordered all
terium, in a multi-body reaction. This would be extremely Egyptian works concerning the chemistry of
difficult to find because deuteritum is not radioactive and
gold and silver to be burned in order to stop
because there is a great deal of it the ordinary water elec-
trolyle to start with. A great deal, that is, compared to the
such experiments. The earliest authentic works
amounts that would be synthesized in a nuclear reaction.
extant on European alchemy are those of the En-
It would take a megajoule to increase the deuterium con- glish monk Roger Bacon and the German philoso-
tent of the water by a few percent. He plans 1o verify the pher Albertus Magnus; both believed in the
hypothesis with new in-situ spectroscopes he is now in-
stalling. I wonder if it would help if he used purified
• COLD FUSION TIMES' home page:
http://world.sld.com/-mica/cft.html
• John Logajan's home page:
http://www.skypoint.com/members/jlogajan
• Infinite frergy home page:
http://www.mit.edu:8001/people/rei/CFdir/CFhome.html
http://ourworld.compuserve.com/homepages/JedRothwell/
ILENR Meeting (September 1996, Texas) - Attendants listen to reports
light water. That technique is difficult, because
pure light water rapidly absorbs deuterium from
the atmosphere when it is exposed to air. Swartz
describes what he calls the "r-notch" graph of ex-
cess heat with Ni HO. You get the most heat with
low current density. As current increases, the heat•
peaks, and it declines as a percent of total input.
With Pd, higher current density usually increases
loading, which increases the heat geometrically.
After Swartz spoke, Miley suggested that perlaps,
at higher power endothermic reactions predomi-
nate, producing more transmutations but less heat.
Swartz thought this is an interesting idea.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 264, "chars": 1779, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO COLDLY GO WHERE NO ONE HAS GONE BEFORE
Volume 4 Number 4
Fall 1996
COLD FUSION TIMES
© 1996
ISSN #1072-2874
bombarding nitrogen with alpha particle from radium to produce
MORE REPORTS:
oxygen. This achievement founded high energy physics but it also
News and Developments from Cali-
fornia,
Washington, D.C., illinois,
create a mind set, breaking a nucleus needed a million times more
Massachusetts, New Mexico, Rhode
energy than is given out in a chemical reaction. The first reported
Island, Texas, Utah, China, England,
cold transmutation in modern times is that of Ramsay et. al., who
France, India, Japan, Netherlands,
claimed the transmutation of other elements into helium and neon,
Russia, Sri Lanka, United Kingdom.
reported by J; I. Thomson [3]. Thomson did a simitar experiment
Plus copious material science and en-
as that of Ramsay, but he was uncertain whether the liberation of
gineering news.
rare gases upon bombardment in a discharge tube is due to the fact
that the gases are earlier absorbed from air of whether they are
formed by means of transmutation. Kervran in 1955 did some
This issue of the COLD FUSION TIMES features reports on
systematic studies in biological systems where he described the
ile Bi. Lin and Bois, Drapes i of hens: Ta A lat: Oratemens These egries ver prom at normal tempera.
ture and pressure through electrochemical methods. The experi-
Anomalous Radioactivity and Unexpected
Elements Upon Heating Inorganic Mixtures
G. H. Lin and J. O'M. Bockris
College Station, TX
Rutherford [1-2] at Cambridge in 1919
achieved the
first
"artificially
induced transmutation" by
elements.
ing has been used for ious mand a he mero wins say
technique have been proposed.
Cont. page 5
COLD FUSION TIMES
P.O. Box 81135
Wellesley Hills, MA USA
TO:
