{"created_utc": "2026-09-04T09:23:05Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 78152, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304132136542559, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121692-base-forward-flying-triangle-crash-report.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540868450000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/121692-base-forward-flying-triangle-crash-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "b02b49be3062fbf4f2e361d8c9ab801ef9db42efb1696f98909a1f9409960283"}

Triangle Down
           (Crash/Retrieval on the East German Border)


    Sometime between May 1, and May 5, 1989 a historical event occurred which has never been
published in either American or overseas aerospace trade publications. This event concerns the
crash and recovery of a classified “black” aircraft believed to have been procured by the
American aerospace industry (specifically southern California). Now, for the first time, details
have emerged which finally shed light on one of the most elusive “mystery aircraft” ever to have
been built during the cold war era.
    Skimming the terrain at tree-top level the pilot of a two-man super-secret aircraft accidentally
clipped the top of a pine tree and crashed ten kilometers southwest of Halle East Germany. It’s
not known if this was due to a miscalculation within the onboard navigation system or pilot
error. Both crew members survived the crash, which took place among rolling hills and tall field
grass. Patches of snow and small bushes surrounded the site with various debris spread around
the point of impact. Specific details provided by a Medic who participated in the retrieval
operation indicated that the craft resembled an isosceles triangle with a width of ten feet, and an
overall length of twenty four feet. The exterior texture and color of the vehicle was identical to
that of an F-117A Stealth Fighter. Its pyramidal shaped flat surface design and black appearance
added to its mystique. It had no wings, visible engine, or conventional control surfaces of any
kind. Its unique configuration and propulsion system layout required it to fly blunt end forward
(against conventional wisdom).
    Upon impact, the forward left portion of the craft was damaged which crumpled its carbon
fiber structure. A significant hull breach occurred near the aft 1/3 of the craft causing it to
protrude at a fifteen degree angle. At this point of fracture, a fine mesh of golden colored wires
could be seen which were integrated into the structure. These may have been built into the
vehicle to reduce its RCS (Radar Cross Section). A standard issue USAF gray colored “stars and
bars” insignia was also located just ahead of the breach. One of the hydraulic pistons used to lift
the canopy was broken which may have caused significant difficulties for the crew members
during emergency egress. Two triangular “DANGER” labels appeared immediately below the
canopy supporting structure. Of special interest were three two foot diameter white spheres
which had the external texture that resembled a scalloped sea-shell or terra-cotta roof. Each
sphere was neatly integrated into the lower body of the craft, and included a two-pronged clasp
device which held them in place. The clasp was silver/gray in color. It’s believed that these
spheres were a primary part of the vehicle’s propulsion system, and that the claps served as a sort
of “fly-by-wire” flight control system. The crew compartment consisted of an F-16 control stick
with a standard HUD (Head’s up display).
    By morning, the retrieval operation was already in full gear with members of the 160th SOAR
(Special Operations Airborne Reconnaissance) team surrounding the crash site. Two Blackhawk
and one fully armed Apache helicopter provided security and logistical support. A CH-53 Super
Stallion was called in to recover the remaining sphere which had been ejected on impact. It was
transported away from the debris field via a 120 foot long composite nylon cable which was
attached to an Aluminum equipment case. Two Mercedes Benz delivery style trucks were also
instrumental in retrieving the debris. When the clean-up operation had been completed, the
primary structure of the craft was burned to the ground by two incendiary grenades which
destroyed any sensitive components associated with the craft.
    Considering its flat smooth sides and inky black exterior color, it’s reasonable to conclude
that this unusual craft was built at Lockheed’s “Skunk Works” facility in Burbank California.
Preliminary design was probably completed sometime around 1986, with the first flight
occurring in 1988. Descriptions of the canopy and interior cockpit details support this
assessment. It was more than likely funded by the so called “black budget” procured during the
Reagan administration, and may have been an advanced “off-shoot” of the F-117A Stealth
Fighter program.
