{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T23:50:47Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 169559, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121797-ufo-retrieval-operation-with-military-california-city-ca-summer-1971-details-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_sha256": "ac6040b6490e100d98a79a25170e4f5b895b2bb57a3dfea76cf48e6b3dbc86bd"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 597, "chars": 3663, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Although Myron had been consistent in his references to the craft being bell-shaped, 1 asked
fim, for the record, about the object being described to look like an acorn in the Unsolved
Mysteries documentary. He agreed that either description would be appropriate.
The Second Witness
When I first called Myron's cousin, JS, October 3, 1990, for his recollection of their experience,
The was less informative. While cordial, he was reluctant to get involved, understandably, for
family reasons. However, he did confirm that he and Myron delivered glazed bricks to the Air
I can't discuss that." When 1 asked if he had seen the craft in the bullding, he said, "I don't
remember many details on that trip," adding. "My partner probably knows more because he
was more inquisitive."
But, the reserved posture of JS changed. When I called Myron again, March 29, 1991, to clartfy
detalis in relation to the bell-shaped object's size, I was told that his cousin was now willing to
adiscuss his own observations.
I called JS, March 30, and again April 1, 1991 for additional detalls and, yes, he did see the
object the day before he and his cousin went to the Wright-Patterson AFB property together
with brick loads. He had made the trip alone with the first load of bricks and recalls clearly
seeing the object, shaped like a liberly bell under its tarp sitting upright aboard the lowboy
traller. Wilhout hesitation, JS estimated the object's size was 8 to 10 ft. tall and 8 to 10 ft. wide.
No, he could not recall if the trailer was Army or Alt Force. "I'm the kind of person who minds
his own business," he said, "I didn't ask any questions but it probably arrived a short time
before I did."
JS went on to say. 'There was activity in the area, men wearing fatigue sults and there were
armed guards, but I didn't see anyone carrying a machine gun. "Unlike the next day's trip, there
was nothing unusual at the entrance gate. I gave the guard my identification and showed him
my bill of lading and was directed to the area for unloading near the big red brick building."
"Being formerly a welder," sald JS, "The next day I recall asking one of the workmen wearing a
head shield outside the bullding, "What are you cutting?" He said he couldn't discuss it. That
was It for me."
For the record, I asked JS for a more definitive description of the special brick. He said "It was
a red glazed, moisture-resistant jumbo sized brick, approximately 4 by 12 or more inches."
Still more evidence of the Kecksburg connection came to Myron's attention shortly after the
event from alert truckers with CB radios who normally monitor trallic on the highways.
Anything unusual is shared. And, so it happened, they spotted the truck and trailer and its
strange cargo -- and jeep escort - journey from the Pittsburgh area going West on Route 40
toward Wheeling, then to Lockbourne AFB in Columbus for a brief layover, then on to Dayton.
As Stan Gordon points out, the origin of the Kecksburg UFO has not been determined. It may or
may not be extraterrestrial, but the facts show that it was a structured craft, resistant to "our"
'known high-tech means to get inside.
ANOTHER "ACORN': ITS CRASH/RETRIEVAL NEAR EDWARDS AFB, 1971
Earlier I made reference to a case of a UFO landing at Edwards AFB which was recorded on
roovie film by an Ait Force officer (and his crew), who later became an astronaut. Without
knowing that UFO's fate, or perhaps of others we never heard about at the base, we now have a
report that "something" landed, or crash-landed in 1971 just 15 miles outside of its vast
property, near the small town of California City. This incident surfaced from a firsthand
2291

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 809, "chars": 4653, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
witness. Debbie Clayton, who felt obliged to report her experience after watching the rerun of
the Kecksburg UFO crash on Unsolved Mysteries.
When I talked with Debby by phone alter
getting her name from Stan Gordon, she sald she thought the craft depicted on the show,
described as an acorn shape, looked similar to the object she had seen except that hers was like
a mushroom at the top. Her letter recounting her experience, follows:
Since last talking with you, I gathered more informallon. I called my old girifriend's ex and he said
that she remembered the incldent occurring in the summer of 1971 because they hadn't moved to
our area untll winter of 1970. So, I was incorrect about the date.
It was late afternoon, but it was still daylight when we (my girlfriend's family and I) heard a loud,
roaring noise similar to the roaring of a plane warming up. Then, we heard the crashing sound
and went outside to see what happened. We found a cloud of dust three blocks in front of us.
Since there were only six homes in our neighborhood, it was easy to spot.
My friend's older brother grabbed his father's camera and we walked to the crash-site. An
elementary school's mobile classrooms are now where the crafl was but at the time I belleve there
was a small baseball feld near it.
A few other neighbors had arrived and we were all speculating on it being an Air Force "toy" that
had gotten out of control. An Air Force car and one truck arrived within 15 minutes. The truck
had about five men in it with rilles. An officer got out of the car and told his men to move us back
away from the craft. He saw that Dalton, my friend's brother, was taking pictures and grabbed the
camera, threw it to the ground and broke it. (He never tried to remove the film.) Dalton yelled and
argued with the officer but we were told to leave, ignoring Dalton and his threats. About that time,
other trucks arrived, one with men aboard; another with a trailer on the back and a third one with
The officer told us that we had to leave or be arrested. But we moved only across the street at first.
We watched while the men attached a large canvas to the craft and lift it by attaching cables to
metal hooks that were on the canvas.
Aller the craft was loaded, they all left. There was no
mention of the incldent in the newspapers.
As for the craft itself, we searched for markings but found only some old scratches that we could
not read. Because it was upright, we couldn't see the bottom. There were no windows or seams,
appearing to be made from a one-plece mold. If I remember correctly, it was a dark grayish color
with greenish highlights - not a color one normally sees. The texture was quite smooth. There
was a mild heat coming from the craft somewhat like a car engine after traveling for an hour. One
more thing I thought was strange; there was no dust that clung to the shell. Here, in the desert,
dust is everywhere and clings to everything.
Because we were only 15 mlles from Edwards's AFB and the speed in which the first car and truck
arrived, I believe the craft was belng tracked and they knew exactly where to find It. Also, I believe
that when the officer broke Dalton's camera, it was to draw attention to himself Instead of the
craft. Otherwise, he could have taken the camera...The size of the crafl...5 feet high and 10 feet
wide -- are estimates from a fourteen year old's memories, but I think they are pretty close.
My follow up phone call to Debby revealed a few more details. She recalled that the object
appeared to fall straight down from the sky and that It was not a speedy descent and that it
landed (or crashed) in a perfect upright position -- no tilt.
Shé also recalled that the
tumbleweeds surrounding the object appeared to be darkened as if burnt or singed, but she saw
no fire. And, she clearly recalls the soldiers busily shoveling soil at the site and the next day
there was no trace of a depression caused by the craft. I asked about physical effects. Only
Dalton complained, she sald, and described the terrible pain he endured later that night in his
arm from wrist to elbow. My guess here is that the culprit was the officer who got carried away
in grabbing the camera. No wonder Dalton "yelled and argued" as Debby explained in her letter.
But, the real mystery is the object's identity. A U.S, secret "toy" as Debby speculated, or another
errant craft similar to the one that descended into Kecksburg in 1965? There are parallels;
except in the Edwards' incident, there were no signs of radiation and no prolective clothing
observed to be worn by the retrievers. Also, there was no ambulance on the scene in event of
233
