{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T23:22:19Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 146002, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121821-early-1950s-ufo-shoot-down-order-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_sha256": "1d55dc26db07164d65bfbcf19d36ec908c2f1c2749ad31e0f7f67ca8997ba86f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 744, "chars": 4492, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Said JK, "Since 1948, secret information concerning UFO activity involving the U.S. military has been
contained in a computer center at Wright-Patterson AFB. At this base, a master computer file is
maintained with duplicate support backup files secreted at other military installations." Said JK, "Get the
complete 'dump file", both the master and the support backup files and you've got all the hidden UFO data."
Thus, substantive UFO data are not available through the Freedom of Information Act, nor on file at the
National Archives in Washington, D.C.
COMMENT:
I have had a number of long talks with JK since July 1978, which was reported in Abstract #21 of my first
paper. Some additional information he related concerning certain technical phases of his former work is not
included here on his request. One of our chats revealed that he was stationed at Wright-Patterson AFB when
Barry Goldwater had visited the base hoping to get permission from General Curtis Lemay to see the UFO
evidence stored there, but was denied. Said JK, "This refusal caused quite a fiasco on the base."
While visiting the University in Dade City, Florida, for a lecture in April 1979, I was unable to meet JK, as
arranged, however, I was surprised that following my talk, waiting to see me privately, was a former member of
the elite "Blue Berets." I remembered JK had pointed out the functions of this covert service.
The next day, CAM, the ex-"Blue Beret," visited my daughter's home, and alone, we talked about the elite
force, its make-up and functions — and some of his experiences in Vietnam behind enemy lines. Although he
had never participated in a UFO crash/retrieval, he was aware that one of his fellow members had had the
experience. Details were scanty, but CAM recalls that his friend referred to his participation in the recovery of a
"big head" from an alien craft.
My last talk with JK was September 12, 1979, at which time he was doing well as proprietor of his own
business. He reaffirmed as true all of his past claims.
CASE A-4
My informant is self-employed after serving a long career with the Air Force, retiring with the rank of
Major. He was a pilot, as well as filling other special assignments. During the mid 1950's he served in an official
capacity with the Ground Observers Corp (GOC), at which time I was asked by the Air Defense Command to
screen and report UFO activity by code name, FOX TROT KILO 3-0 BLUE. During this active period, I was
often in communication with the Major.
My informant called me in the winter of 1979 when he learned from Tom Shell, newsman for ABC-TV in
Los Angeles, that I had been considered by that network to be interviewed for a major TV production featuring
the UFO. My informant said he recommended me, having known of my former work in the GOC and as
publisher of ORBIT in the late 1950's. During one of our several discussions of the UFO problem, when I cited
some of the medical information relative to the recovered alien humanoids, he confided that in 1952 he had
attended a high-level secret meeting at Wright-Patterson AFB and saw in an underground chamber one of the
deceased alien bodies in deep-freeze preservation.
My informant recalls some of the physiological characteristics of the corpse from his yesteryear
observation, but admits details are vague. He said the body, with its long arms positioned straight down
alongside it, was about 4 feet tall. The head was large by human standards, and the skin on the face appeared
smooth and gray. No bone structure was evident; eyes were open, no hair. The feet, he said, were like an
orangutan.
My informant stated he had visited the Air Force's underground complex in Colorado Springs and that
some of the UFO material that had been stored at the Wright-Patterson depository had been transferred there.
He also admits having seen a portion of an Air Force movie which showed an alien craft imbedded in the sand of
a desert-like region. Aware of this film I asked if he saw the portion showing the deceased bodies. (See Case A-9.)
He said that at the time of the movie review, he was preoccupied with other business and missed seeing that
portion.
My informant disclosed that he is aware of secret Air Force orders in the early 1950's which directed pilots
on UFO intercept missions to shoot down or ram their target. He did not know of any successful mission of this
kind which forced down or caused a UFO to crash. In one instance, he said, he was aware of an incident when a
41

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 802, "chars": 4944, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
UFO was surrounded by jets but by its highly evasive tactics, it escaped.
COMMENT:
In support of the Major's information concerning tactical operations involving the UFO and interceptors
of the USAF, Mildred Biesele, of Salt Lake City, Utah, who serves as Contributing Editor for the MUFON
UFO Journal sent me the following item, typical of other reports known to me since the early 1950's, in her letter
of October 2, 1979, quoted in part, as follows:
I heard you speak at the MUFON Symposium in Dayton last year and I am interested in your research on "Retrievals of the
Third Kind"...! gave a talk at a local library last week and in the discussion period following, a fellowtold me that when he was a
gunner in the Air Force he had emptied his guns on a UFO and had taken pictures with his gun camera that clearly showed the
shells exploding against the side of the craft. He said the camera was taken off the wing of his plane when it landed and the
pictures developed. Al 2 a.m., a couple of military policemen came and got him out of bed and took him to the base auditorium.
They ran the 17 seconds of movie of the UFO over and over and questioned him, and two other crew members until 10 a.m. He
was warned never to tell anyone what had happened.... He said he had a wife and family, a good job, and a lot to lose. He seemed
afraid of the C.I.A., and wouldnt even give me his name....
CASE A-5
Following my second lecture, April 6, 1978, before the Cincinnati Chapter of the World Wings Association,
a gathering of 50 or more pilots, I was approached by a member of the association who knew of a "person at
work" who, in turn, knew about crashed UFOs and occupants. As reported in Abstract #19 of my previous
paper, I promptly got in touch.
On April 18, 1978, I talked with former Air Force Sergeant MS of the 97th Bomber Wing. He was prepared
to relate information from a high-ranking Intelligence source relative to the retrieval of alien craft and
humanoid occupants allegedly maintained at Wright-Patterson AFB. He also related a sobering story about a
landing on an Air Force base, also from the same source. MS, while serving at Wright-Patterson AFB in 1977,
made close acquaintance with Major General "T, " who was assigned at Wright-Patterson for top security work
in the Logistics Command. His rank and the nature of his work entitled him to a plane at his disposal at all times.
He and the General's daughter (name known to me) were seriously lovelorn, and on that basis were frequently
together. This allowed MS to be a guest at the General's home where he and the general had private chats.
From General "T," according to my informant, details were disclosed concerning a UFO that had crashed
in the southwest region of the United States in 1957. At that time, General "T" was a Lt. Colonel. According to
the General, radar had confirmed that an alien craft had crossed the skies over the United States at great speed. It
was tracked to the point of its crash. The area, as in most cases, was "roped off," and a military unit summoned
(with canines) for maximum security.
From the damaged craft, four humanoid bodies were recovered with great difficulty because of the inability
to penetrate the craft's metal structure. The deceased bodies were found badly burned, some parts so severely
that certain features were indistinguishable. However, the suits they wore — appearing silver — were not
damaged by the obviously intense heat endured inside the craft. Said the General, "The suits were fused to the
According to the General, the four bodies, approximately 5 feet in height, were sent to Wright-Patterson
AFB where he had seen them in a deep-freeze morgue, kept at approximately 120 degrees below zero for
preservation. The only other anatomical feature described by General "T" was that the heads of the aliens were
large by human standards. Facial features were erased by the heat factor.
The craft? The General related that scientists assigned to the task of dismantling it ran into difficulty. To
get inside they concentrated on an area where a fissure or crack had resulted, probably from impact. Shipment to
Wright-Patterson, he said, quoting the General, "Was by rail, using two military conveyance rocket cars,
properly camouflaged and classified as 'rockets'."
On another occasion, MS as a guest of the General at his home, while alone, was shown a Top Secret
document concerning a landed UFO. The incident occurred at Nellis AFB, Nevada, 1968, and MS expressed
disbelief when he read the report. Stamped TOP SECRET, as he recalled, it read, in part: Large UFO hovered
over Nellis AFB for three days, Three small alien craft were observed separating (or being ejected) from parent
craft. One landed on the air base grounds. Sent to greet the landed craft was a Colonel with security detachment
properly armed. There was no mention of an attempt to assault the craft. While waiting for a sign of intent, a
42
