{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T22:11:05Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 108898, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121827-witness-on-navy-leave-observes-ufo-crash-retrieval-operation-near-globe-az-during-january-1947-leonard-stringfield-notes.pdf", "source_sha256": "ebbb35d0a8427987441a9c586d05b8adb3f2685ca8bc3363f25115a42612bb42"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 737, "chars": 4539, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
млет нтя
jof the
lation
le that
in this
fied at
'other
iplex:
efact
hat'is
what₽
parts
thad
ther
fore:
That:
the
all-
the
jif
litt
COMMENT: Blann's help in my endeavor, goes beyond this report. He has: opened several new C/R
sources; plus providing some other off-the-record items. See Case A-6 and Case B-4. Like others who dig
deep for data, Blann has experienced anonymous phone threats. Speaking of the pilot whose private plane
made an emergency landing in a field near Ft. Hood's security corridor, I am reminded of the Blue Beret who
told me in Florida in 1979, that he, while serving as a guard on a plane with secret cargo, was flown into a
strip that went into a hillside that unfolded — trees, and all. "Just like fantasy-land," he said. See Case A-3;
Status Report II.
In summary, Blann's report, like in Case, B-2, of this paper, leaves open several possibilities for an
answer to mysterious helicopter involvement: 1), to maintain military readiness for alien UFO incursive ac:
tivity and/or crashes, 2) to maintain, security escort for secret, saucer-like craft developed by the U.S:; 3),to
maintain clandestine contact with alien forces established by agreement or by, coercion.
CASE A-10 WH of Yucca Valley, California served in U.S. Navy during WW Il, is married, retired after
31 years of government service.
Researcher Bill Hamilton of Phoenix, Arizona, a computor programmer, knew WH as a firsthand
source and arranged for me to reach him by phone in 1980 tö discuss his experience of running head-on into
a full scale military retrieval operation. This incident, of January 1947, whịch predates Ken Arnold's famöüs
sighting by six months, occurred on the Papagos Indian: Reservation, north of the rugged Superstition
Mountains west of Globe, Arizona, a r
wins my said by a nee
According to WH, he was on Navy leave (being reassigned at the time; with a fried, CC. Just out of
the Army, on a jeep scouting trip looking for desert property for homesteading! It was growing duskyabout
5 p.m, while traveling over a dirt trail, when they encountered Air Force personnel armed, with, carbines.
Challenged by a Second Lt., they were asked for identification and reasons for being in; the area. While park-
ed for interrogation, WH could see other military personnel about a quarter of a mile away grouped around
an object that appeared to be half sunk in the sand. Said WH, the disc-shaped object with a dome on top;
was about 30 feet in diameter and 18 feet, high. On its outer edge were two rings which seemed to have win-
dows between.
* The military probably had just arrived, " commented. WH. "There was no evidence of, an encampment
or any heavy equipment, at least in view from the trai!."
COMMENT: WH's description of the object seems to rule out an experimental missile and if it were alien,
one can only wonder how far back in time the military had been involved in UFO retrievai operations.
CASE A-11:, RM has been in government service for 23 years, is married with family; resides near Cincin-
nati, Ohio.
Me This extraordinary case is fact, according to the witness; KM; and if what he encountered is, indeed
fact, then we as appraisers can either accept it as possible; or probable, or reject it utterly asifantasy as we
can do with all UFO events of high strangeness. RM, referred to me by a Cincinnatian who can vouch for. his
integrity: prefers anonymity because of his long: service with a government orfice. The story goes back to
about 1965, said RM, during a Sunday visit with his wife to the Air Force Museum in; Fairborn, Ohio
(suburb of Dayton) fi
Na While his wife became engrossed in examining a German V-2 rocket on display, RM wandered off and
found that he had gone down a corridor, got disorierited, went through a double-door marked. Off Limits"
and then suddenly came face to face witha being so incredible looking that all he can remember in his numb
state was saying, "Hi"
"to which he got no response.
Fit 4901
i Dressed, much like an, astronaut in a silver suit with support pack, was a diminutive figure, about. 4-
feet tall wearing a translucent dome over a large head.
"It wasn't human," said RM, Its eyes were large under a heavy brow and there was no nose and only a
Said RM, when the space-suited creature walked, its gait was different; it shuffled forward without
bending its knees. At one point during the brief encounter, he said, it stopped, held out both arms
mechanically toward him and pointed its long elongated fingers into his face. Then the alarm system sound-
ed.
93
