{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T21:14:55Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 81136, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121830-ufo-at-the-vatican-archives-report-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_sha256": "b92f445b5eab995af747a6f1b4884ffc441f574d8634a587d9eecb9794ac2183"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 574, "chars": 3644, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Force officials did not know of the highly classifled intelligence operations being conducted
at that time. As long as the public was convinced that the Alr Force was just as curious as
the public was, it was the perfect cover.
• g.
Was there any UFO activity during the war within the US?
A
'There was some pliot sightings and by bomber crews who were in training in B-29's (Project
Silverplate) that worrled the Pentagon. Unofficially, some had speculated that Dr. Bush and
others were involved In
some kind of aeronautical designs that were noconventional
aircraft by any standards known at that time. President Roosevelt had authorized a great
deal of money into "lift-bodles" technology that was associated with the Manhattan Project
and uitimately with military applications.
Embassy and military communications from Japan and Germany were constantly belng
intercepted and decyphered. I think some of the reports were dealing with Foo Fighters or
new spy weapons in the MAJIC (MAGIC) network operations.
In 1938, It was believed that the 'Army G-2 wanted to test the response of the civilian
population by monitoring the CBS radlo broadcast of Orson Wells' War of the Worlds. Of
course, this did create widespread panic in some areas.
There were on several occasions, sightings of huge black objects hovering over Los Alamos
in early 1945 which caused severe power blackouts that could not be explalned, Wendover
was kept informed of this because It was feared that unknown radio propagation could
effect the detonation of "Fat Man" and "Little Boy". This was not recorded in the security files
for lear of generating panic in Washington. Ollicially, Los Alamos identilied it with
"atmospherlo anomalies" and left it that way. Some identified it as storm cloud and
electrical storm effects.
It was never ciear what caused the sudden surge of radiation
detection or electrical shorts.
The first atomic bomb almost prematurely detonated enroute to Hiroshima when an
unknown radio signal almost armed and activated the detonation and trigger mechanisms.
It was not known how It happened.
The system was corrected.
• Was there other Air Force investigations other than Blue Book?
Yes.
9. What were they?
A
aircraft.
Black Sky intelligence operations utilizing high altitude aircraft such as X-2, X-15, and U-2
High altitude, long trajectory rockets equipped with all kinds of cameras and sensing
equipment.
Televlsion was used on some rockets.
launch sites fom 1947 into the late fiflies. All data were classified in a report called, 1
think, "Blackbook" or "Black-Sky".
sire sand and ha capt cale thir
I heard of another Air Force project that looked into all the historical records concerning
UFO sightings from all over the world. Some of the records were from librarles, newspapers.
folklore, mythologies, government records of unusual reports from farmers, lighthouse
workers, and so forth.
There was talk that the Vatican holds numerous files of sightings
golng back to the filteenth century.
They also have photos that clearly depict craft of
ususual shapes and sizes that are of 1915 period. No one can gain access to this collection.
It was rumored that the Vatican even has a UFO locked up in one of the vault rooms inside
the Vatican Basilica and would not let the Air Force see it or photograph it. This study was
called the "Whitebook".
There was a scientific study that began sometime in early 1948 that involved the
astronomical community. I only read a brief memo from Vandenberg that solar astronomy
became a concern or was attractive to the All Force for learning about cosmic radiation
effects on avlation electronics.
201
