{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:05:57Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 177853, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121803-egg-shaped-craft-retrieval-operation-camp-polk-louisana-summer-1953-details-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_sha256": "652b8a4f77799b4673998aa87f8b2b12fc62496b92272dc11cb0fecf60fd6607"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 791, "chars": 4969, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Might it not be useful for us to adopt a similar approach? Both witnesses and informants would thereby be protected.
Witnesses could then report all their data to serious researchers with the clear knowledge that they and their families
would never be identified in any publication which might provoke the popular media to descend upon them like locusts
at a feast. Informants, many of whom are discussing information that is highly classified, perhaps several levels above the
well known "Top Secret" category, may then feel free to "go public" with their information without fear of retribution.
This would encourage others to come out of the closet, and allow considerably more information to develop about the
Crash/Retrieval Syndrome.
There is obvious journalistic precedent for this practice. Journalists are, and always have been, very protective of their
sources and have insisted in courts of law that their sources remain anonymous. Legal attempts to force journalists to
reveal sources of their information have failed. This guaranteed anonymity has served as a mighty bulwark of a free jour-
nalism. It could also serve as a mighty bulwark for a more liberated investigative Ufology.
I do not think that the criticisms by Stanton Friedman and William Moore have merit. Their criticisms of Stringfield's
desire to protect the anonymity and safety of this sources stands outside the bounds of all resonableness for a variety of "
reasons. Let me be clear that I respect their work. Still, I have personally talked to a UFO witness, a CE-III subject, and
several military types, and most seek to guard their privacy. It is quite clear that our first responsibility is to consider
these people as "patients" who first of all need our assistance and support, and who second of all need our guarantee that
their privacy and good faith will not be abused.
THE FIRST PERSON REPORT: CLASSIFIED "A"
This paper follows the reportorial pattern established in The UFO Crash/ Retrieval Syndrome, Status
Report II, published by MUFON, January 1980. As before, case history reports are divided into two parts.
Reports from first person witnesses are classified as "A", while "B" reports concern secondhand or in-
termediary information, and other relative data submitted by researchers.
CASE A-1: HJ retired, resides near Greensburg, Pennsylvania, with wife and family. Served in U.S. Army,
saw duty as Sergeant in Korea with 24th Infantry where he was injured. Out-Patient at V.A. hospital.
Initial research in this case was capably conducted by Lois Kukick of Irwin, Pennsylvania (a member of
PCUFOR), who visited HJ in November, 1978, and, again in April, 1980 as a prelude to my investigation.
Copies of her two reports were sent to me for evaluation and follow-up. During 1980, I talked by phone
with H] several times, although there were interrupted periods when he had been hospitalized. His firsthand
observation of a military retrieval operation follows:
As a private in B Company (age 17) HJ, and his unit, under command of Sgt. R.S. (name withheld)
were on manuevers near Camp Polk, Louisiana in the Summer of 1953. At dusk, a patrol watched an egg-
shaped object crash land into soft sandy soil. According to H), authorities were notified and both A and B
Companies were ordered to remain at the site until relieved. A special detachment was rushed to the scene,
later followed by an ambulance and other special equipment. HI] said he got within 15 yards of the object
before he and others of Company B were ordered by Lt. W. (name withheld) to pull back to about 100
yards. "Peons like me, " he said, "had to get out of the way".
According to HJ, the large ovoid object was without windows or lights and was surrounded by a fin-
like protrusion at its equator which was still rotating. The ground around it, he said, was burnt into a
powdery substance like crushed brick, and was still hot.
Soon to arrive at the site were top brass and medics. He remembers them going to the hatch on the side
of the craft which was open, and after a while, watched as two medics carried away a stretcher, containing a
body, to the ambulance; then three others of the crew emerging, being aided by the medics as though in-
jured. "One of them," he said, "kept looking at the one in the litter and made strange noises. I couldn't
believe what I was seeing."
Arcordie and otel no his ole when he told me history had aimed as oopin her had no
knees... very stiff, bending only at the hips.
From his vantage point, said HJ, he could not distinguish any features of the hands, commenting, 'They
looked like they were wearing mittens. " The large heads, also without features, he believed were covered by
a helmet. Their uniform, tight-fitting, he described as dull metallic green.
He later heard that the survivors had been sent to a hospital and "put into isolation", but all had soon
died. He also heard that their cadavers were sent to a medical center near Washington, D.C.
80

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 764, "chars": 4602, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The crash site, said HJ was roped off for a 50 mile radius. MPs were put on guard everywhere.
Restricted to the post for two days, the men of Company B, were then called into an Intelligence office and
told that what they had witnessed was a secret Army experiment and they were warned not to talk about it.
According to HJ in his testimony before Lois Kukick, in person, and to me by phone, every person who
had anything to do with the retrieval operation was subjected to "every kind of test" for three days at the
base hospital.
In her report to me, Lois Kukick comments, "I think we're on to something big. He was reluctant to talk
about it to me at first, but agreed when I told him it would be held in confidence. He doesn't want publicity."
To help better understand, or clarify some issues in the incredible story told by HJ to Lois Kukick and
myself, and, to refute the occasional charge that my C/R cases are hearsay, I got his approval to allow Dr.
Peter Rank (see "The Witness Model") to call him at home at anytime, and freely question both his case and
he personally on a medical level. Dr. Rank's letter to me dated March 15, 1982, follows:
Dear Len...I hasten to reply to your request about my telephone call to HJ. I called Mr. J. on a Sunday early in December,
and had an extensive hour long conversation with him.
Mr. J. is, by his own admission, now in his early 50's. In 1953 he was a young man in the U.S. Army infantry undergoing
basic training at Fort Polk, Louisiana. I believe it was in July, His basic training over, the last training exercises included
full scale maneuvers using the uninhabited military reservation near Camp Polk.
One evening, at approximately 7:00 p.m. he was on maneuvers with his platoon, comprised of approximately 8 or 9 mer.
All the infantry men in the area were divided info the red and blue teams and given military assignments.
He and his platoon saw an unidentified flying object land "out in the boondocks" and just sit there. It was as wide as a
three bedroom single story ranch house. Using their walkie talkies, the platoon contacted headquarters and advised them
of same.
Shortly thereafter, medics, military police, and high ranking brass appeared. Mr. J and his platoon saw the medics carry
one small humanoid out of the unidentified flying object on a stretcher, and assist the others walking out of the uniden-
tified flying object. A portion of the UFO fell away revealing a ramp which permitted access to the interior.
All the individuals iri the platoon were strictly warned not to discuss the incident. He and his platoon were not given ter-
minal leave following training and were sent immediately thereafter to Korea.
Mr. J. is a relatively unsophisticated and uneducated man. It is my judgement that he does not have sufficient imagina-
tion to make up this story, and furthermore to maintain this story over a period of nearly 30 years. He also provided cor-
roborating names and addresses, altbough the addresses are probably outdated.
In relating his story, Mr. J. provided the ring of authenticity. In my judgement he has no secondary gain. He is not a
hoaxter. He is too naive to manufacture this story and, indeed, too unsophisticated to appreciate its true significance.
All the details provided to me by him have a close corroboration with other similar UFO incidents. Mr. J has also in-
dicated that he has never read anything on UFO's. Indeed I doubt whether he can read very well at all.
COMMENT: During our many phone calls, HJ mentioned that he had the names and addresses of other
Company B personnel "tucked away" with other army-day papers, which he could not readily find. Even-
tually, he found them and on my request, he sent them to Dr. Rank, who, in turn, sent them to me for
name. His wife mailed the letter at the local Post Office on October 3rd or 4th. It never arrived. On February
3, 1982, I called HJ to inquire about his health and to advise him to send another statement by registered
mail. His phone had been disconnected.
CASE A-2: KA is married, retired and resides in New York City. Served in U.S. Air Force, 1954-1955,
member of local astronomy group; won achievement award.
Initial investigation into this case was commendably conducted by researchers Fred Schaefer, Gerald
Miskar and Linda Robinson, all in New Jersey. Included in a 34-page report prepared by the Schaefer Group
is a first person account of KA's mission in a military retrieval operation of a crashed UFO in New Mexico,
1954, a state map showing the approximate crash site, and a drawing by KA showing the position of the
81
