{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:22:46Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 187319, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121812-fighter-pilots-observe-flying-saucer-in-hangar-at-wright-patterson-air-force-base-during-april-of-1962-leonard-stringfield-notes.pdf", "source_sha256": "664ae966a828ae52b6efd46588154f85618e977612c7842fe2fe3508d4a2b13c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 859, "chars": 5124, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shortly after the RT disclosures, however, the enthusiasm of RC suddenly dropped to zero. When I
called him August 20, 1980, he said grimly, "I've been warned to lay off RT."
Cryptically, without giving me details he said that he was disbanding APRON, getting out of research
and planned to move to Texas or Florida and that he would call me from wherever he settled. When I press-
ed for an explanation he paused, then asked that I call back later. When I did, he said that his fiance's car
had been forced off the road in Las Vegas, and that his apartment had been burglarized. "Only things miss-
ing, " he said, "are your books, Situation Red, 3-0 Blue and Status Report II, notes I had on the RT case, and,
you guessed it, a photo of you. Nothing else."
When I called RC on September 9, 1980, he was ready to leave next week for Florida and advised that I
not tell anybody. He said he had not received any new threats and he assured me that his fiance was "okay".
On October 10, 1980, RC wrote to me stating that he and his fiance had settled in Pensacola, Florida. In
his letter of October 29, 1980, he requested new copies of my books that had been stolen, adding, "I had no
problems until I started interviewing RT. I'm OK now. " In his letter of December 3, 1980, he acknowledged
receipt of the books I sent and said, "My friend C), said that he is going to do some research on the 1953
Kingman inciderit. Len, he would like to make direct contact with you. He does respect what you're doing."
In his typewritten letter, February 19,1981, RC wrote in part, "I have not heard from my contact yet.
However, his wife said that he wanted to talk to me as soon as he got back from Washington... will relate to
you all that I get from him."
The next news from RC came as a shock. His fiance had been killed in a car accident near Singing
Sands, Florida. She had been traveling alone, he said, from Pensacola, when a car had apparently forced her
off the road, leaving only black paint marks on the side of her car. "It was hit and run," he said.
Months later in 1981, I heard from a mutual research friend of RC's in Las Vegas, that RC had made ar-
rangements to meet three men at an airport concerning UFOs. Since then, silence.
CASE A-6: PJ of Dallas, Texas, Captain, U.S. Navy, USNR, Military Flight hours, 6100; civilian 7500.
hours, test pilot: Ling Tempco Vought, F 8's and A 7's. Presently commercial airline pilot.
In the sensitive realm of witness credibility, PJ ranks highest on the scale; notably in this case, for his
credentials are in both military and commercial aviation. Although he prefers to be anonymous in this paper
because of his current status as airline pilot, he is refreshingly devoid of mystery and without the hang-up of
being stalked by fears of reprisal. In this case, as in some others of significance, my initial contact was Tom-
my Blann (See Case A-9 this paper) who made arrangements for me to reach PJ for his first person report.
It was New Year's Eve, 1981, when I first reached PJ at his Dallas home during which time he
highlighted his observation of a saucer-like craft at Wright-Patterson in 1962. Since then I have talked to PJ
by phone several times, received a copy of his taped interview with Blann, and received a signed letter dated
April 13, 1982, which, essentially describes his experience as follows:
In April of 196Z while attached to the 354th TAC Fighter Wing as an Exchange pilot, the 352nd Tactical Fighter Squadron
deployed to Wright-Patterson AFB on a Hurricane Evacuation from Myrtle Beach AFB, S.C.
As Flight Commander of the "B" Flight Bluebirds, it was my policy to keep my men physically and mentally tough by in-
forcing a program of running, playing touch footbail or handball!
On the first day of our five day deployment, I led my flight créw of five on a running trip through the Air Base, Looking
for a gym which is usually tucked away in a hangar of sorts along the portable handball courts using two walls of the
hangar and erecting two portable walls to complete a four wall handball court.
As we crossed two baseball fields we approached the first hangar which, without hesitating, we guessed was the Special
Services Hangar. We busted through both doors on a full sprint to look for the equipment room checkout for gear. Onc
inside, we were stunned by dead silence and was approached by an air police sentry with a sub-machine gun
Standing about eignt feet away was a strange looking object. It was about 12-15 feet long and eight feet deep and resembl
ed two plates stuck together, or, to a track and field man, it was a large discus. It was suspended off the ground by two
engine test stands. There were no markings or insignia, but most noticeable it was without rivets. The object was roped-
off and eight guards stood parade rest around it.
The guard challenged by saying. "I don't think you're supposed to be here, Sir. "I replied to the affirmative and we turned
about face and departed mumbling to ourselves. Once outside, we had re-assured each other that the good old U.S. had
developed, or had all along, flying saucers in service.
88

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 803, "chars": 4787, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
On our return to Myrtle Beach AFB, S.C., a week later, I was requested to report to the Brig. General of the Combat
Wing. The debriefing was very short. He informed me that I had broken security. He only asked one question — "What
did you see?" My reply was, "Nothing!" His answer was, 'You have the right answer to the question" and I was dismiss-
The incident caused me to research fully the object we had seen. Having a TOP SECRET clearance enabled me to gain
valuable information that otherwise would be impossible to obtain. I could go on forever on what is considered
"hearsay" or secondhand information, but for a brief thirty seconds a disc-shaped object of metallic color, 15 feet wide
and eight feet deep was seen. I cannot confirm anything other than it was there,
One thing that has always puzzled me was the lack of security. It wasn't even located in the test facility of Wright-
Patterson APB. It was near the flight line having just arrived or awaiting deployment. That is just my guess.
COMMENT: Names of the officers involved in this case are withheld on PI's request, for obvious reasons.
If the craft observed by the witness was freshly retrieved, the year 1962 is significant, considering we have
crash/retrievals reported in Cases A-6 in Status Report I and in B-4, in this paper.
CASE A-7: RK of Columbus, Ohio was an instructor in Gunnery School with E-4 Grade, Great Lakes
Naval Base, March 1973-September 1974, and was being groomed, he said, for Intelligence School.
At first glance, the UFO in this case seems to be a military device, perhaps one of U.S. manufacturer or
by some foreign power. Whatever it was, according to RK, the UFO caused enough concern to the U.S.
Navy to shoot it down with a surface-to-air missilé, retrieve it from the ocean and ship it secretly by rail to
the Great Lakes Naval base where it was put under heavy guard.
My informant, RK, who came to my home with researcher Don Jernigan of Columbus, Ohio July 14,
1980; to relate his role in this case said he believed that it was "by coincidence" that he guarded the same ob-
ject in Chicago allegedly shot down by a Navy destroyer in the Pacific.
In September, 1973, according to RK while an Instructor in Gunnery School, he was assigned to guard
the premises of a large quonset hut at Great Lakes Naval Base, with orders not to let anybody within 100
At one point while on duty he was approached by an officer in a jeep who handed him a sealed
envelope and was directed to deliver it to the Commandant in the quonset hut. Passing other guards inside
he was surprised to see a strange metallic craft, 30 feet long and 10 feet high, resting on a wooden platform.
"It was light silvery blue and shimmering," said RK, adding, 'It tapered like a tear-drop with a flange
running along its topside from one end to the other and there were no windows." With guards watching, he
said, he could not linger for a better look. Delivering the sealed envelop, he got the Commandant's signature
of receipt, saluted and returned to his post, feeling puzzled. Immediately coming to mind was a story he had
heard from a sailor he met in San Diego, just weeks earlier while on special assignment there. Said RK, 'The
object was strikingly similar to one he was guarding, according to the sailor (name not recalled by RK), that
was shot down by a missile between Hawaii and the mainland in June, 1973. The UFO was picked up by his
destroyer's radar and came into view making three close passes, and one directly over the vessel. It was a
mating the dae as and medicati
lucky hit said the sailor, causing the UFO to crash into waters that were about 350 feet deep. According to
RK's informant, the object was retrieved by a Glomar Explorer, shipped to Hawaii and then sent Stateside
and finally to Chicago. A sketch of the craft was drawn by the sailor, and, according to RK, there was "little
doubt" that it was the same object he had seen in the quonset hut.
COMMENT: Viewing RK's sketch of the object, it certainly was not the typical discoidal or illipsoidal
UFO. If true that the UFO passed menacingly over a U.S. warship, it seems to rule out a secret U.S. aircraft.
And if it were a robot device, used for missile practice, why the retrieval operation and subsequent secrecy?
Russian? Hardly. It would be extremely risky for a surveillance device to fly so close to a U.S. warship in
waters near the U.S.A. When I mentioned this incident to a person who claimed to be an "Insider" (at one
time at Wright-Patterson) I was told that he knew of no incident where a UFO had been shot down by U.S.
warships at sea. RK described his sailor source as being a credible person. Perhaps his source was actually
performing in an Intelligence role as a test for RK's later position in Navy Intelligence.
89
