{"created_utc": "2026-09-08T14:28:44Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 184367, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304132200157134, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121806-et-discovered-roaming-the-back-hallways-of-the-air-force-museum-in-dayton-oh-1965-notes-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540869170000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/121806-et-discovered-roaming-the-back-hallways-of-the-air-force-museum-in-dayton-oh-1965-notes-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_sha256": "667ea0c65cc1b36ff4743ddab8d8ec2a80f65a29079277f35ad9a2fab8000d25"}

COMMENT: Blann's help in my endeavor, goes beyond this report. He has opened several new C/R
sources, plus providing some other off-the-record items. See Case A-6 and Case B-4. Like others who dig
deep for data, Blann has experienced anonymous phone threats. Speaking. of the pilot whose private plane
made an emergency landing in a field near Ft. Hood's security corridor, I am reminded of the Blue Beret who
told me in Florida in 1979, that he, while serving as a guard on a plane with secret cargo, was flown into a
strip that went into a hillside that unfolded — trees and all. "Just like fantasyland,' he said. See Case 43,
Status Report II.
     In summary, Blann's report, like in Cass' B-2 of this paper, leaves open several possibilities for an
answer to mysterious helicopter involvement: 1) to maintain military readiness for alien UFO incursive ac-
tivity and/or crashes, 2) to maintain security escort for secret saucer-like craft developed by the U.S., 3) to
maintain clandestine contact with alien forces established by agreement or by coercion.


CASE A-10 WH of Yucca Valley, California served in U.S. Navy during WW II, is married, retired after
31 years of government service.
     Researcher Bill Hamilton of Phoenix, Arizona, a computor programmer, knew WH as a firsthand
source and arranged for me to reach him by phone in 1980 to discuss his experience of running head-on into
a full scale military retrieval operation. This incident, of January 1947, which predates Ken Arnold's famous
sighting by six months, occurred on the Papagos Indian Reservation, north of the rugged Superstition
Mountains west of Globe, Arizona.
     According to WH, he was on Navy leave (being reassigned at the time), with a_ friend, CC, just out of
the Army, on a.Jeep scouting trip looking for desert property for homesteading. It was growing dusk, about
5 p.m., while traveling over a dirt trail, when they encountered Air Force personnel armed with carbines.
Challenged by a Second Lt., they were asked for identification and reasons for being in the area. While park-
ed for interrogation, WH could see other military personnel about a quarter of a mile away grouped around
an object that appeared to be half sunk in the sand. Said WH, the disc-shaped object with a dome on top,
was about 30 feet in diameter and 18 feet high. On its outer edge were two rings which seemed to have win-
dows between.
     'The military probably had just arrived," commented WH. 'There was no evidence of an encampment
or any heavy equipment, at least in view from the trail."


COMMENT: WWs description of the object seems to rule out an experimental missile and if it were alien,
one can only wonder how far back in time the military had been involved in UFO retrieval operations.


CASE A-11: RM has been in government service for 23 years, is married with family, resides near Cincin-
 nati, Ohio.
      This extraordinary case is fact, according to the witness, RM, and if what he encountered is, indeed
fact, then we as appraisers can either accept it as possible, or probable, or reject it utterly as fantasy as we
can do with all UFO events of high strangeness. RM, referred to me by a Cincinnatian who can vouch for his
?ntegrity, prefers anonymity because of his long service with a government office. The story goes back to
about 1965, said RM, during a Sunday visit with his wife to the Air Force Museum Fairborn, Ohio
                                                                                            in


(suburb of Dayton).
      While his wife became engrossed in examining a German V-2 rocket on display, RM wandered off and
found that he had gone down a corridor, got disoriented, went through a double-door marked "Off Limits"
and then suddenly came face to face with a being so incredible looking that all he can remember in his numb
state was saying, "Hi", to which he got no response.
      Dressed. much like.an astronaut in a silver suit with support pack, was a diminutive figure, about 4-Va
feet tall wearing a translucent dome over a large head.
      "It wasn't human," said RM, "Its eyes were large under a heavy brow and there was no nose and only a
slit of a mouth. The skin was bluish, or that's the way it looked through the dome:"
      Said RIM when the space-suited creature walked, its gait was different; it shuffled forward without
bending its knees. At one point during the brief encounter, he said, it stopped, held out both arms
rnechanically toward him and pointed its long elongated fingers into his face. Then the alarm system sound-
ed.

                                                         93
     While red lights flashed everywhere, RM somehow found the corridor and made a fast exit. As the
loudspeakers announced an emergency evacuation, MPs were ushering people to the exits. Said RM, there
was no panic and although the MPs were polite, there was a feeling of anxiety. The cause for the emergency
evacuation, he opined, was without question the creature who probablyhad escaped from its confinement.
     In 1970 or 1971, said RM, because of his work, he met a retired Air Force Colonel to whom he related
his experience. Having once served in a top secret capacity at Wright-Patterson, the Colonel, to RM's sur-
prise, responded, "If you know that much, I'll tell you the rest."
     According to RM's informant, two live alien beings were in captivity. Scientists, he said, had developed
a benign Incubative atmosphere to sustain their life, at least for a while. The Colonel also revealed that he
was aware of a crash 1969 of a "two-man sized" craft near Whitewater Lake in Indiana. The cause was
                       .in


electrical disturbance. No other details were revealed.
     Said RM, 'The Colonel made it clear that he did not want his name or his disclosures made known as
long as he lived. However, shortly after RM got the information about two captive aliens his source died of
cancer. RM called his friend "Colonel Schmitz", which at a later time, admitted was a false name he used to
protect the family of the Colonel.


COMMENT: Live aliens! Loose in the Air Force Museum? Fantastic of course, but the Wright-Patterson
complex is vast and so are its underground facilities. It is conceivable, if truly live aliens exist, that one may
have slipped by the guards into the passageways and surfaced in an upper chamber of the Museum. This
story recalls another of seeming fantasy, published in Situation Red, The IIFO Siege, based on information
related to me by Sherman Larsen of CUFOS. In that case, alien cadavers were purportedly stored in the
Science and Industry Museum, Chicago, and were witnessed accidentally by a minister and son who went
down a wrong corridor...


CASE A-12: EL of Los Angeles, married, has daughter, grandchild, is retired. Served as Carpenter Mate,
1st Class, Hqt. Co. 112th Construction Battalion, WW II.
   This case dating back to 1944, allegedly involves a landed disabled alien craft discovered by a Seabee,
                                                                or


EL near the beach of Kaneohe, Oahu, Hawaii. The year of the event is not only difficult to accept, but so is
the story, mainly because of the fictionish anachronisms EL related during certain CE III phases of his ex-
perience. Lucius Farish, author of "In Other Words" in MUFON UFO Journal, who referred me to the
source, agrees that while the story is fantastlc, and probably beyond verification, it is nonetheless a case that
just may have happened — or some of it — and should be recorded.
      EL, during three interviews by phone, related his experience cooperatively when assured of anonymity.
He explained that only his offspring and one other researcher, Don Worley of AFRO had heard his story
firsthand. He admitted that no one would ever believe his story and seemed relieved, at age 66, when I told
him I planned to publish part of it for research records.
      EL's story begins with a stroll along the Kenoehe beaches on a Sunday morning looking for shells. Sud-
denly, his eye caught a glint of metal reflecting sunlight near a wooded ridge, not far from a radar installa-
tion. Curious, he went td look and was faced with a strange globular object about 50 feet in diameter. "It
looked like an igloo," he said, "Except on the top was a clear glass dome about a foothigh with a gold device,
hike a weather vane, spinning inside."
      Outside were a group of people, said EL, all dressed in tight-fitting green uniforms. A closer look to his
surprise revealed they were short, or "scaled down" people, about 4-'/: feet tall, of exceedingly slight build,
with no buttocks. Their faces, he said, were human-like with heads topped with short, lush black hair, large
dark eyes, heavy eyebrows. One featured large, fanged teeth. This one; he was told later, was a female.
Each wore a heavy belt with a box-like apparatus attached in front. Two of the group of seven were sitting
on the ship's ramp, four at regular intervals around. it and one was out front, just 20 feet away from him.
"All were staring at me," he said, "The nearest one, probably the leader, acted like he was waiting for me. I
still had no fear because I thought they were just small Navy people used in submarine duty."
      Then the man nearest to EL spoke. It was in heavy accent, he said, but the voice was too deep for his
size. While the others remained silent, one of them suddenly reached down to the apparatus on his belt,
pressed a button which instantly made EL dizzy and nauseous. Then he lunged at EL with a sword-like
weapon drawn from a scabbard. EL resisted, drew his knife and a battle for "life or death" ensued. But EL


                                                    94
