{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T23:28:57Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 149949, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121854-ufo-crash-retrieval-north-of-georgia-in-1942-leonard-stringfield-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "1762a6e8b045d77fc308227cf6cb021a7638c05033e4bf841b76a9c772bf7eb7"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 592, "chars": 3615, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Major Donald Keyhoe, a former head of NICAP and the premiere pioneer of the "outer space"
hypothesis, shared a few details of one encounter in the early 1970s when 3 U.S. jet
interceptors disappeared without a trace. I recall asking him If I could publish the full story in
my book. Situation Red: The UFO Siege, but he agreed only to the barest details, declining to
name the coastal location where the incident occurred. He said he feared he might
compromise his Pentagon source.
I know of a number of off-the-record encounters with UFOs, both old and new, most of which I
never published, In one recent incident in Arizona, the instruments of 2 fighter jets went
dead, and crashed. Others, to name a hot spot, is in Puerto Rico. Three such incidents have
been investigated and released by researcher and journalist. Jorge Martin, which he published
in a lengthy report covering intense activities on the island released at the MUFON
Symposiwn in Richmond.
World War Il's Foo Fighters: A 1942 Crash Case Revealed
The following UFO crash/retrieval case, occurring. in 1942 during WWII. is so shrouded in
super secrecy that persons and places involved are not for me to know except for the identity
of my informant, Mary Nunn. Using this pseudonym, and in respect to her source, she also
prefers that her location not be identified in this report. Serving in a key civil capacity at the
time of the incident she said that her source could suffer severe penalties If certain details
were divulged.
However, to soften the stigma of no-no's, my informant seemed to shy away from the glitzy
fringe in her UFO research and has felt free; in the past, to pass on other important and
sensitive information to me without too many restrictions. Some of it concerned Roswell from
a former military source but his guarded disclosures, minus name, are already in public
domain and I find no need here to review them lest it may compromise her link with her deep-
throat source.
Nuru's revelations about the 1942 case are sketchy, mainly dealing with the descriptlon of the
retrieved bodies and some general input regarding the craft. She hopes that others, still alive,
may share additional information or at least, confirmation of the event.
The spacecraft, she said, is still held at the army base where it crashed causing damage to a
building on the premises and minor ruptures to the one side of the craft. According to her
source. the crash occurred in a state "north of Georgia". but there was no explanation given
for the reason why Georgia was named. Unless it was a dellberate cover, it suggests that it
may have been in the Carolinas or somewhere north along the Atlantic seaboard.
The craft generally round in shape was described as 15 feet wide and 10 feet high divided into
three main sections, a control room. a compartient with four seats and a bottom bay
equapped with a trap door exit. In the control sector was one large window and a number of
smaller windows around the sides. The craft, she said, was silver in color which exhibited
markings on it's exterior as well as inside.
four crew members taken alive, died about two weeks later of apparent starvation.
Described at 5 feet tall, weighing about 90 to 100 pounds, the skin also, unlike the little greys.
was a milky white, smooth like a baby's, and without hair.
Facial features were generalized, the eyes large and black like bug eyes, ears were striall, lips
thin sits. The fingers, nurbering five, were long, bony; the feet flat. about size six with halt
inch bony toes. The female had small breasts and, according to the source, the race could
319

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 563, "chars": 3791, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
reproduce but there was no hint as to their genitalia. Then came the shocker: They had teeth.
very white, wide and short. With teeth, I asked about nourishment, how it was digested and
eliminated. No answers.
Like the greys, communicatons were telepathic but when I asked about other detaits,
anatomical, organic or emotional or about their craft, propulsion and all the other usual
questions. came sllence: that was it. Perhaps my friend. Mary Nurn, knows more but I am
thankful for that which she had trustingly shared.
The 1942 crash incident, whatever the explanation, as a precursor to the Roswell affair,
according to Nunn's source, happened in the summer at a time when the United States' armed :
forces were in action worldwide. But it still was not an historical first. In the-Spring of 1941,
an alleged crash and recovery occurred in Cape Girardeau. Missouri, which is described in my
book, UFO Crash/Retrieuals: The inner Sanctum.
Pre-WWII UFO activity, espectally crashes, are a rarity and getting detalls from a firsthand, oi
a support, witness is indeed an achievement. Walter Webb, an astronomer and veteran UFO
researcher, gets an "A" for his extensive investigation into a UFO incident, possibly a crash,
involving an army serviceman, the late Guy Simeone, with the 26th Infantry Division prior to
the U.S. entry into the war. According to Webb, who wrote an in-depth monograph for CUFOS
about the alleged incident, titled, An Anecdotal Report of a UFO Crash/Retreval 1941,
Simeone, who was one of 400,000 troops involved in a massive war-game maneuver in the
Carolinas, informed his family, cryptically, that he was restricted from discussing his "secret
assignment" during operations. Later a witness told Webb that she overheard Simeone's
mother talking about her son being in a situation involving a crashed round metallie object
and a reference to little dead bodies from space. However, there are conflicting detalls, satd
Webb, ford farily members and frends. The best guess, said Webb, is that something
crashed in North Carolina where his unit was active during the month of October in 1941.
Concludes Webb. "Taking everything into account, I believe the Simeone episode should be
classified as a tentative unknown."
Question:
While the Simeone case probably had no connection with the 1942 incident.
occurring "north of Georgia". were the three WWII era crashes happening so close together.
time-wise, a freak coincidence?
Hardly. Or. were the mishaps a result of increased
survelliance during a perlod of world conflict which began in September, 1939?
Digressing a moment, despite the reports of early mishaps. I opted to stretch a bit liz my
working hypothesis to allow for the susceptibility of crashes in 1947 in the USA Southwest,
notably in New Mexico. As a postulate, the alien mindset may have had a concern for the U.S.
rapid development of a nuclear and rocket-missile arsenal, and thus, were willing to take
greater risks in low-level tactical missions. And, despite their marvels of technology, it 15
feasible that they may have underestimated the effects of radar or New Mexico's sudden
violent electrical storms.
Once again considering the 1941-1942 incidents, one other aspect to lend credence to an early
allen presence during WWII is the so-called foo-fighter, a frequent aerial interloper observed by
personnel fying in all types of military aircraft, in all theaters of war. Numerous reports of
encounters started coming in during the latter part of 1943, a few earlier.
One early-on foo-fighter incident. following the Pearl Harbor sneak attack occurred over San
Francisco ard Los Angeles in 1942. For details of this well-known incident. I refer 10
massive report, The White Sands Proving Ground UFO. Incidents of 1947, by researcher, Tim
320
