{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:25:32Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 190317, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121869-pfc-marine-observes-a-flying-saucer-in-a-hangar-in-the-south-west-july-3-1967-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_sha256": "c064ab0492084b019d9e9117a78ac46669d77d38e531044e1ef3c3cd58279979"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 762, "chars": 4595, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
prepared to answer your questions.. The desk sergeant that night was Sgt. "C" (name on file); and he would
know much more...I would like your next response ASAP and I will try to give you my phone number by
then."
I wrote to JM again December 4, 1980, and enclosed a xeroxed copy of the first long letter with ques-
tions. He did not respond.
I sent another letter February 16, 1981, expressing my concern and gave assurances of anonymity. He
never responded. I tried to make connections via the telephone, but to no avail. He disappeared into thin air
and with him a case as sinister as the Lumberton affair, cited in Status Report II (See Case B-13), and in
Postscript of this this paper. One more follow-up was made by researcher and confidant, Richard Hall, of
MUFON, who sent a certified letter to JM April 10, 1982. Although it was received and signed by JM on
April 12, there has been no response.
CASE A-4: V.A. "Posty" Postlethwait, of Phoenix, Arizona, formerly served as Captain in the 82nd Air-
borne, was on detached service, G-2 (Intelligence) V-Corps, Pope AFB in the Ft. Bragg complex, North
Carolina. Posty was referred to me by Bill Jenkins of KABC Los Angeles radio, April 1980, when I was a
guest on his "Open Mind" show.
Reaching Posty I found his credentials good and so was the information he shared concerning a UFO
crash at White Sands Proving Grounds, 1948. As a Captain in G-2 Air, he was cleared to see a TOP SECRET
message coming in by TWX, as he recalls, from the 3rd Army Headquarters, Atlanta. Directed to the Com-
manding General (wịth copy to G-2) the message described the crash of an alien saucer-shaped craft 100 ft.
in diameter, 30 feet high with one portal window blown, causing suffocation to the five occupants. Among
other items cited, as Posty recalls, the bodies, which had turned blue, were about 4 feet tall with oversized
heads by human standards and that the metallic skin of the craft was as thin as a newspaper, but too tough
to penetrate by conventional tools. He also recalled hearing that private property was purchased to facilitate
transporting the craft to the base.
Posty said the full story beyond what he had heard at the base, was published in an article appearing in
a 1948 issue of Coronet magazine. When the issue was released, he heard that authorities had confiscated all
copies at the Coronet office and most that reached the newstands. A few survived, a copy of which he had
seen years ago.
COMMENT: Needed is a copy of Coronet, month unknown, 1948. Significant is Postlethwait granting me
permission to use his name in this report.
CASE A-5: RT married, a former Marine, rank PFC, assigned to Canine Corps at Camp Pendleton, San
Diego, California, with Alpha Red TS Crypto Clearance, Served 6 years in Vietnam. Resident of Las Vegas,
In this first person report RT alleges he was at a 'UFO retrieval site, 1967. Following RT's disclosures tos
me in July, 1980, supported by data from APRO records of his phone calls to that office, is a weird un
folding drama of harassment and violence, a strange visit and, the grim consequences which allegedly befe!!
one of its on-the-spot investigators, RC, also of Las Vegas.
Through RC, my intermediary, and formerly a U.S. Narcotics agent, I reached RT by phone. Accord-
ing to RT's testimony, he was given 45 minutes notice before departure by plane from Camp Pendleton to a
retrieval site "somewhere in the desert" on July 3, 1967.
As a trainer in the Canine Corps at his base, he and his dogs, and other marines as a team, were flown
in a light cargo transport for 2-½ hours to the site, landing on a makeshift strip carved out by a road grader
The windows of the transport were blacked out, he said. At the site, among the cactus and tumbleweed:
were tents, a small quonset hut and what appeared to be a small pre-fab hangar. Busy were men in mulitar
ratigues without insignia. Told nothing about the status of the operation, he was assigned to a post for guard
duty, given orders, and told to use only one designated path to the mess tent and latrine.
Curious, said RT, he decided on his fourth day to see what was so hush-hush and took a different route
to the mess tent near the hangar. When the guard had his back turned he peeked inside the hangar and to hts
shock he saw a metallic disc, or saucer, about 30 ft. in diameter. On top was a dome; there were no win-
dows. Around the craft were men at work and tables on which were technical instruments. He also save
large walk-in refrigerator unit on skids and several empty body bags. 'If there were bodies," he said, "they
86

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 846, "chars": 4951, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
lad already been shipped out or maybe they were in the freezer."
RT's one good glimpse into the hangar was also his undoing. The guard nearby nabbed him and he was
escorted to the headquarter's tent where he faced the officer in command, Colonel "P" (name on file),
U.S.A.F. Medical Corps. Reminded of his Security Oath, he was confined to quarters and sent back to
Pendleton for punishment.
Thirteen years later, RT decided to tell his story. He admitted to seeing the movie, "Hangar 18", knew it
was fiction, but he said, its emotional impact on him conjured up in his mind the hangar in the desert which
he knew was not fiction. He first told his story to Wendelle Stevens and RC in Las Vegas and called APRO.
Then, like the day he went down the wrong path at the retrieval site, he got into a new hornet's nest of trou-
ble.
According to APRO records, RT called in to their office to report each incident of harassment starting
July 14, 1980.
On July 14, 1980, RT claimed he was visited by an Intelligence agent who reminded him of his Security
Oath. On July 21, 1980, RT claimed that his apartment was pillaged, maps and all UFO memorabilia taken.
Called police. On July 22, 1980, visitor came to apartment with threats. RT excused himself to bedroom, got
a 45 cal. gun, forced the intruder to show ID at gun point, and performed a "citizen's arrest". He called
police, the intruder was "booked", also the man waiting in the limousine outside. The police checked the in-
truders' credentials and released them. On July 28, 1980, RT called to relate that he was visited by a person
dressed in black, offering to exchange UFO information. This was the last call made by RT to APRO, accor-
ding to available records.
"During the period of RT's contact with APRO, I was receiving similar information, by phone from my
intermediary, RC. Needless to say, I had difficulty in digesting the adventures of his source. Then, on
August 11, 1980, it was arranged for me to reach RT to discuss, firsthand, the events of the past month.
Hearing it from RT, the story seemed less fanciful, or less contrived. When I asked about the intruders' ID,
he said, "C.L.A."
2 The story told by RT about his visitor, a man dressed in black, might have been penned by Poe. During
the stranger's 45 minute unannounced visit, RT's dog, a shepherd, behaved uneasily. Once, said RT, he ask-
ed for a glass of water, but when he was approached, he uttered, "Don't touch me." RT also noted that dur-
ing their conversation about UFOs, the visitor always spoke in the third person, using "we" or "they".
!! According to RT, the visitor, while describing a UFO incident, suddenly produced from his briefcase a
half dozen color photographs. "Each showed a small cadaver or parts, not human, in what appeared to be a
hospital operating room,
," he said. "I would judge they were just about four feet tall if scaled with the tables
they were on."
One photo, said RT, was a close-up of a hand with four fingers, long and slim, with no opposable
thumb. "Another," he said, "showed the top of a humanoid head, the flesh cut open and drilled into."
Still another, he related, showed the upper torso of chalky complexion with an incision into its chest,
and another, showed a body burnt in its suit.
"But there was one photo that really convinced me," said RT
with emphasis. "It showed three doctors in the process of dissecting a body on top of a slab with a gutter
around the edge.
"See any blood?" I asked.
"If their blood is red, there wasn't any." he replied, or words to that effect.
"The photos looked real to me," he said, when I asked for his opinion of them.
I called RT the following day, August 12, on a tip from RC who learned that RT and his wife might
move from their apartment in the next day or two. He seemed restrained, his words hesitant, but he tried to
be courteous.
"Maybe I shouldn't be talking on this subject anymore," he said. He then went on to explain that he was
having a "social security number problem" and that it was causing a delay in money to pay the rent.
That was the last word from RT, although he promised to send me his riew address. I have since heard
from Wendelle Stevens who heard that RT was working for the A.E.C., had all of his debts paid, and wasn't
talking to anybody about UFOs anymore.
But this anecdote doesn't end with RT. Events just as strange allegedly happened to RC, my in-
termediary who seemed ready and willing and unafraid to move mountains in his probes to get facts for me.
In 1979, RC got my name from a former Cincinnatian, a retired Air Force colonel in Las Vegas, who
knew of my research since the mid 1950's. In 1980, RC formed APRON, a local group, and asked for my
guidelines and to be its chief consultant. During this period he asked that I call his fiance to convince her that
his time was well spent in UFO research. He later told me that my call "really helped" and he was encourag-
ed to keep up his work.
87
