{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:24:15Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 189316, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121846-testimony-to-a-crash-in-dutton-montana-with-dead-humanoids-1953.pdf", "source_sha256": "e2dfc983628a84daef7f2cc248f21c9a09ca7667469d1989839822634a2e0400"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 754, "chars": 4511, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Abstract IX: More testimony to a 1953 crash, with
dead humanoids
The following letter, quoted in part, was received
from Richard Hall of MUFON. It is dated April 8,
1964, and the name of the source is deleted on
request.
"Here at school there is an instructor who,
during the Korean contict, was adjutant to an
of our New Mexico
proving grounds. I got the following story from
* 'In 1953 a flying saucer crash-landed near
the proving grounds. Air Force personnel imm-
ediately rushed to the area and found the saucer,
unharmed
unoccupied with doors open.
Upon searching the surrounding area they came
upon the bodies of the saucer's four occupants, all
dead.
" 'Shortly after this certain top level personnel
were
given the true saucer story by Air Force
officials. My source was included in this. They
were shown the bodies of the four occupants of
the ship, which he described as from three to four
feet tall, hairless, and otherwise quite human in
appearance. An autopsy had been performed on
one of them to try to determine the cause of
death. No cause for their deaths was ever found.
Also at this time they were shown three saucers.
He described them as ovoid, with a length of
twenty-five feet and a width of thirteen
tect.
They were shown the interior as well, and there
weré no visible means of control, no visible means
of propulsion. He told me that since that time the
Air Force has been
unsuccessfully, at trying to discover the means of
propulsion.
'I can vouch for the validity of this inform-
ation as well as the reliability of the person I got it
from. This you can state as positive fact. Due to
the fact that he is still affiliated with the armed
forces he prefers that his identity remain hidden.
He also told me that this is top secret information
which is highly guarded to prevent leaks."
Comment
I reserve my personal comment to a quote from
Dick Hall's covering letter dated December 23,
1977, as follows:
"The chap mentioned in the letter
is the one
Todd Zechel finally tracked down,* and I went with
him
to interview the man, and had a face-to-face
meeting with him here in Washington area. He was
here on some church-related business. As former
aide to a general and command pilot in Vietnam,
I couldn't imagine a less likely hoaxer. He clearly
took UFOs seriously. He wouldn't talk directly about
what he had seen, but in company with the general
he saw the eviderice at Langley AFB, Virginia. Also
our informant told us of an Air Force pilot who had
told him of the southwest crash story."
coul
plos
by
coul
fron
exh
ene
he
toil
bey
he
in
ph
ab
tol
stI
th
by
at
W
CC
Our artsits's impression of one of several persistent
rumours, from the cover of FSR Vol. 25, No. 4
Abstract X: Death-bed confession about dead human-
oids
Charles Wilhelm, Director of the Ohio UFO
Investigators League in Cincinnati, received the
following information in 1966 from a schoolmate
friena whose father was witness to a retrievea UFO
and its occupants, again in 1953. The father, who
made a death-bed confession to his son, had been,
head of military security at Wright-Patterson.
While on duty, the father related, he saw two
disc-shaped metallic UFOs, one was damaged, the
other intact. He also witnessed four dead alien bodies.
packed in dry ice on their arrival. They were de-
scribed as 4 to 5 feet tall, with heads disproportion.
ately larger than their bodies and with slanted eyes:
He said the rest of their bodies appeared to be human
except that the fingers were noticeably longer than
ours.
Comment
It seems that 1953 was a busy year for crashed
UFOs and military retrievals.
Abstract XI: Saucer in distress: strange effect on
vehicle exhausts
With the help of Lou Farish of MUFON I got the
phone number of Cecil Tenney, aged 78, in Delta,
Colorado, and called him March 7, 1978. I wanted to
hear for myself his testimony relative to his alleged
observation in 1953, near Dutton, Montana, of a
low-level UFO in distress, or in a malfunctioning
condition, and what he experienced during
Force interrogation; also what he saw at the
Falls AFB, which he believed were the recovered dead
alien bodies.
In the fall of that year, near dusk, Tenney, driving
alone from Great Falls to his home in Conrad' in his
pick-up, watched the troubled performance of a large
cigar-shaped object near the town of Dutton. Appr
earing to be about one third the size of a football
field, and about 200 feet away,
the silvery object
pulsated and belched out fire and smoke for about
seven or eight minutes.
tị
16

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 956, "chars": 5601, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ent
4
FOR
ihes
aten
FOL
ho
en
FO
he
is,
le-
1I-
:S.
"It seemed to be trying to pull itselt up, but it
couldn't," said Tenney. Then he described an ex-
blosion and a swooshing sound that was followed
Ry balls of fire hitting the road and as far as he
could see. Iwo or three cars on the road coming
fom the opposite direction, he said, had their
exhausts shooting out flames.
Tenney admitted that he was stunned and fright-
ened by the spectacle. "I got out of there in a hurry,
"and stopped at the nearest place with a
toilet. This was a beer hall which is about 5 miles
beyond 'Dutton."
"There,
"lenney
was told by the bartender that
he "smelled like lightning." Later, he learned that
a state highway patrolman who also saw the UFO
in distress had stopped in the saloon, and was given
Tenney's name as a witness.
' That same evening, according to Tenney, he got a
phone call trom a colonel at the Great Falls AFB,
about 30 miles away. In a gruti voice,
Tenney was
told (not asked): "I want to see yuh!" He was in-
structed to report to the Air Base at a certain time
the next morning.
When Tenney arrived at the base, he was escorted
by two men into a jail-like, cinder block building
and was led to the colonel's ottice. He was grilled
with questions for 30 minutes, then he signed a 5-
copy statement which was also signed by a notary
public.
Following interrogation, Tenney was escorted
downstairs and near the entrance door he encoun-
tered two military men arriving. Each of them was
carrying a large blue bag over his shoulder. He guessed
they were laundry bags but according to Tenney the
buges in the bag did not appear to be laundry. As
penney moved toward the door, one of the men
dropped his bag to the floor and it was then that
Tenney could recognise the bulges to be shaped more
like the protruding limbs of bodies. At this point,
he was rudely pushed out of the door and told:
"Get the hell out of here!"
Tenney told me he returned to his flower shop
in "Conrad very concerned about the harsh treat-
ment he got at the base, and wondering about the
contents of the laundry bags. Said Tenney, "I can't
swear they were bodies, but the bags contained
something they didn't want me to see."
Later Tenney heard of another witness, a brake-
man on a passing train, who was knocked to the
ground by the UFO's explosion.
Tenney is the only known witness to the event,
with no other names to check for backup. How-
ever, he sounded convincing enough on the tele-
phone, and made no hard claims to know the answers
to the UFO's erratic or troubled behaviour, its noisy
disgorging of flame and smoke, why tongues of fire
shot out of automobile exhaust pipes, what the high-
way patrolman reported to the Air Force, why the
colonel was so demanding and the escorts so rude,
or what was inside the lauridry bags that was so
secret. Tenney's guess was that the UFO he had seen
in distress had crashed, and the bags contained
dead occupants.
Abstract XII: Revclation by woman who catalogued
crashed-UFO material
In the 1940s and 1950s Mrs. G. worked in the
Foreign Materials Division, with a top security clear-
ance rating, at Wright-Patterson AFB, and she retired
from there in 1959 for health reasons. Charles
Wilhelm, who has provided me with some first hand
reports from people with information about UFO
retrieval or related incidents, got this one from Mrs.
G. in 1959. She had known Charles very well as a
teenager on two counts: he was a good, honest
worker in performing yardwork for her, and for his
intense interest in
UFOs. When she developed
cancer, and knew of her impending death, she de-
to relate to him some startling information
about her secret duties at Wright-Patterson,
what she saw in the performance of these duties.
In 1955, according to Wilhelm, she was assigned
to a post to catalogue all incoming UfO material,
during which time approximately 1000 items were
processed. These included items from the interior of
a recovered UFO brought to the air base. All'items
were photographed and tagged.
In her cataloguing duties, Mrs. G. also was witness
to the conveyance, by cart, of two dead humanoid
bodies from one room to another. The bodies,
preserved in chemicals, were four to five feet tall, had
generally human features, except that the heads
were large relative to their bodies, and their eyes
were slanted. There was no word as to whether or
not the bodies were brought in from a recent crash oI
had been at the base morgue from an incident occ-
uring in previous years.
After telling Charles Wilhelm some of the barest
facts she knew, she commented; "Uncle Sam can't
do anything to me once I'm in my grave." Six months
later Mrs. G. passed away.
Comment
The briei, but vital facts bared in the testimony of
Mr charles the bana de, inmar, believed bes. G.
Wilhelm told me he saw Mrs. G.'s Wright-Patterson
AFB ID badge prior to her death.
Abstract XIII: Description of a photograph of alleged
humanoid
The late James Mitchell was formerly a Navy
specialist who served at an air station in Dallas,
Texas, where his duties included the handling of
confidential film, After retirement from the Navy in
1966, he became a civil service electrician at Wright-
Patterson AfB, holding top secret clearance allowing
him to work in high security areas on the base.
In 1977, in association with my regular employ-
ment, I met one of James Mitchell's sons. Knowing
of my research, he came to my office to tell me of an
incident in which his father was involved with the
security officials at the Base, for having possession of
a photograph of a small alien humanoid alleged/
17
