{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T22:14:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 109601, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121864-warrant-officer-observes-three-et-bodies-in-wooden-crates-at-wright-patterson-air-force-base-during-1953-leonard-stringfield-notes.pdf", "source_sha256": "158671fc379f3caa9173c31006995c916f61f63ee9e2db7c9a1036633414184a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 605, "chars": 3551, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Major Daly, although he was not permitted to enter the craft, observed that the craft's
entrance measured four to five feet high and two to three feet wide.
COMMENT:
Major Daly's blindfolded trip to the crash site, similar to that of Fritz Werner's,
indicates that it was common procedure for the military to use extreme security
measures relative to UFO retrievals.
It is to be noted that Major Daly's experience
takes place in April, a month shy of Fritz Werner's which was in May of the same
year. Also, to be noted is that Daly did not see any dead alien bodies. Maybe they
had already been removed, or, if the craft was found undamaged, as he attested, it
is possible the occupants managed to evade capture. Or, perhaps, there were two
crashes in a desert area in the Spring of 1953. If, however, botn the reports of Werner
and Daly are describing the same crashed UFO event, it is possible that Daly used
the wrong month.
ABSTRACT 8
"I'm almost positive it happened in 1953," said my informant, a man with a long career
as a pilot in the military who held the rank of Warrant Officer in the Army during
the early 1950s.
Now serving in the Air National Guard, he stood by me, facing a
large wall map of the U.S. in a backrom of the Administration Building at Lunken
Airport in Cincinnati.
Earlier,
in a large front room, before about 25 pilots, I had
" just spoken on the subject of UFO3. It was now the late Summer of 1977 as he tried
to recall the exact time when he stood as a witness, at a distance of about 12 feet,
peering at five crates on a forklift inside a hangar at Wright-Patterson AFB.
-
In each of three crates, he said, were the recovered dead bodies of small humanoids;
the contents of the other two crates were not discernible. As he related this astonishing
information in a matter-of-fact manner. be pointed vaguely to an area in Arizona on
. the map.
"Here's where it approximately happened," he said. "It was a desert area
but I don't have the name of the location."
There was no one else in the map room when he told
„me about the incident. He
made certain of that:. "It's still a secret and at 'the time I had to swear to it," he
"I was ia the right place: at the right time when the crates arrived at night by
DC-7."
As we stood at the map, my informant described what appeared to be bastily prepared
wooden crates.
In these, little humanoids, appearing to be four feet tall were lying
unshrouded on a fabric, which he explained prevented freeze burn from the dry ice
packed beneath. As a number of Air Police stood silent guard nearby the crates, he
‹ managed to getta reasonably gooù but brier flimpse of the humanoid ieatures.
recails that their heads were disproportionstely larger than the bodies, with skin tnat
looked browa under the hangar light' above.
The head appeared to be hairless and
narrow. The eyes seemed to be open, the mouth small, and nose, if any, was indistinct.
The humanoids' arms were positioned down alongside their bodies, but the hands and
feet, he said, were indistinct;: When asked about their attire, he said they appeared
to be wearing tight-fitting dark suits, and, because of the tightfitting suit, there was
one revealing feature - a surprising feature. One of the humanoids appeared to him
"to be female. He said, "Either one of the aliens had an exceedingly muscular chest
or the bumps were a female's breasts."
Later, he learned from one of the crew
members, with whom be bunked at the barracks, that the body of one of the aliens
was, indeed, that of a female.
11

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 529, "chars": 3181, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
My informant also heard from the crew member that one of the little humanoids was
still alive aboard the craft when the U.S. military team arrived. Attempts were made
to save its life with oxygen, but were unsuccessful.
Another question, an important one, was promptly answered by my informant. How
did the military know about the crash and where to go? He said he heard from a
crew member that the UFO was picked up by special tracking equipment at Mt. Palomar
in California.
They provided. the coordinates to the military to determine the crash
area. The retrieved craft found intact, he later heard, was sent to Wright-Patterson.
He had no more details when or by what means.
COMMENT:
There were other details furnished by my informant concerning his encounter at
Wright-Patterson and on other sensitive UFO issues, that might be identifiable ör
traceable to him. On his request, I have avoided using these data. For certain, there
are a lot of things connected with the UFO that the public does not know about.
ABSTRACT 11
With
the help of Lou Farrish of MUFON, I got the phone number of Cecil Tenney,
age 78, in Delta, Colorado, and called him March 7, 1978. I wanted to hear for myself
his testimony relative to his alleged observation in 1953 near Dutton, Montana, of a
low-level UFO in distress, or a malfunctioning condition, and, what he experienced
during Air Force interrogation, and what he saw at the Great Falls AFB, which he
believed were the recovered dead alien bodies.
In the Fall of that year, near dusk, Tenney, driving alone from Great Falls to his
home in Conrad
in his pick-up, watched near the town of Dutton, the troubled
performance of a large cigar-shaped object. Appearing to be about one third the size
of a football field and about 200 feet away, the silvery object pulsated and belched
out fire and smoke for about seven or eight minutes..
"It seemed to be trying to pull itself up. but it couldn't," said Tenney. Then he
described an explosion and a swooshing sound that. was followed by balls of fire hitting
the road and as far as he could see.. Two of three cars from the opposite direction
on the road, he said, had their exhausts shooting out flames.
Tenney admitted that he was stunned and frightened by the spectacle. "I got out of
there in a hurry," he said, "and stopped at the nearest place with a toilet, a beer
hall, which is about 5 miles beyond Dutten."
There, Tenney was told by the bartender that he "gmelled iikerlightening." Later, be
learned that a state highway patrolman, who also saw the UFO in distress, stopped in
the saloons and was given Tenney's name as a wites see
That same evening, according to Tenney, he got. a phone call from a Colonel at the
Great Falls AFB, about 30 miles away. In a gruff voice, Tenney was told; not asked,
"I want to see rub!"
He was instructed to report to the Air Base at a certain time
the next morning.
When Tenney arrived at the base, he was escorted by two men into a jail-like cinder
block building and was led to the Colonel's office. He was grilled with questions for
30 minutes, then he signed a 5 copy statement which was also signed by a notary
public.
12
= '
