{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T23:16:19Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 139638, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121837-egg-shaped-ufo-on-trailer-at-berkeley-university-1947-leonard-stringfield-notes.pdf", "source_sha256": "6fa837c97899f918ad8ab758fb988f4624bf0c0928192e337b85e79955fbb916"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 2825, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I note, again, that Bob emphasizes a crash, or a landing, In the White Sands Range (near
Tularosa) and goes into detail about the tracking team and the retrieval operation at the site.
The date he gives for this activity is July 4th. However, he does admit, without elaboration, to
having had knowledge of a crash at Corona (the so-called Roswell crash) to which he does not
affix the known date, July 2nd. This admission came when Cooper, showing Bob the picture of
Major Jesse Marcel holding the alleged wreckage, stated, I knew about that when it happened
and Moore had only part of the story." And, later, he said, "Roswell Is only part of the UFO
crash landing story in New Mexico."
In summary, according to Bob, a saucer crashed near Roswell and at White Sands Missile Range
and maybe elsewhere. Maybe Bob knows more and is not yet willing to talk about the specifics.
"BARNABAS"
I am indebted to Tim Cooper, again, this time for his story on "Barnabas." age 87, who passed
away December 31, 1990, in Big Bear Lake, California.
January 10, 1991, "The Valley watchdog Is gone." Albert Bruce Collins, known as Barnabas,
passed away on New Year's Eve. Described as a friend of law enforcement who always had
something to report to deputies, the stoop-shouldered man with white hait and trailing beard
to match was found by a repairman coming to fix the heater at the apartment where he was
staying...Barnabas had called 911 early in the morning on New Year's Eve to report an odor of
gas.
The dispatchers on duty said Barnabas sounded sick and sent an ambulance as well,
according to detective, Tom Bradford, of the Big Bear's sheriff station.
Cooper's interview with Barnabas was November 20, 1990! In his interview, which lasted for
three hours, without the benefit of an audio recorder, depending on notes, he said that
Barnabas was a metallurgical engineer and retired government employee. His questions and
answers, in part, follow:
g. What do you know about UFOs?
A That they exist and are real.
9. Why do you say that?
Because I saw one in 1947. It was on a long flatbed trailer covered with a green tarp being
backed into a large warehouse at Berkeley.
9. What did you see?
A
It looked oval-shaped. Kind of flat all around the edge. I later saw it again with the tarp off.
It looked like an egg with its shell cracked... with the yoke still inside. It looked like the craft
g
A
g.
A.
What did it look like inside?
tom my vantage point (approx. 100 ft.) it had a bulkhead in front with multi-layer ski
honeycombed). It was dark inside. In the center, there was a shiny sphere surrounded b
another bulkhead. There was a forward compartment: did not know what It was.
How big was it?
30-40 ft. in diameter and approximately 15 ft. high at the center.
Can you tell me who you saw there? What you were doing there?
197

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 566, "chars": 3576, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A Can't tell you that. (Collins didn't want to go any further. He wanted to talk about other
things.)
• What was your involvement with Berkeley?
* Worked on developing metal alloys used for electro-magnetic propagation and magnetic
propulsion. I worked for Berkeley and Occidental College for the Manhattan Project from
1942 to the late fifties. They sent fragments to the lab for analysis. We could not Identify
the composition, orgin or mode of manufacture. Before we could complete our tests, the
Army came and took the samples away without an explanation.
• Can you describe the samples?
A As best I can recall, it was a dull finish metal on the one side lke aluminum and very shiny
on the other side. It was thin and very light. It could be flexed but not dented on impact. We
could not separate its metals through any assay we knew of. It was fre and cold resistant.
Could not be cut or punctured. Some pleces were big with slight curvature to them. Other
pleces were very small. One piece was very big and about one inch thick. It was jagged, Ilke
it had been part of a structure that had been hit by high explosives. It had burn marks but
no scratches which was very odd. You could fold it and it would extend back to its original
shape.
Is there a connection between UFO sightings (1942-46) and the development of the atomic
bomb?
A
I attended seminars (Berkeley) on "shell" designs for advanced ordnance programs (he
thinks that these seminars were designed to recruit engineers for the Manhattan Project).
Read reports on new alloys being developed for "containment" of temperatures greater than
anything then known.
Date of acquired knowledge by Collins, 1949:
Agencies involved: Rand Corporation, CIA, Intelligence officers from the United States Army,
Alr Force and Navy. The Vatican was invited to advise US government on religious
implications (Spellman, Holy See and Vatican Secretary of State).
Project name(s) mentioned:
Archangel - CIA, Rand and Vatican
Blackbook - USAF (1948 & 49)
Bluebook
- USAF (1949) - (Year inaccurate. LHS)
Whitebook - CIA & Vatican (1950)
Yellowbook - Scientific panel of unknown government scientifie review board
This is a portion of an interview with Albert Collins concerning his knowledge of a classified
study conducted in 1949 by the Rand Corporation, CIA and solicited comments from a Vatican
representative.
9. What do you know of a covert effort to learn of the origins of UFOs/recovered spacecraft and
There was a rumor circulating around a small group of scientists that a secret study was
underway to evaluate the UFO sightings and supposed recovery of spacecraft and their
crews. I knew this because the rumors were coming out of Los Alamos, from people coming
back to California. I saw sore notes from a friend of mine. He told me that New Mexico was
abuzz with unusual research into nuclear powered alrcraft and bizarre biological
experiments. Some people were losing their clearances for no apparent reasons. I saw the
word "Archangel" and other words that described four projects that had "Blue, Black, White,
and Yellow prefixed to the word Book." It was not clear what these four colors meant. I was
told that these colors represented the "nature" of the studles. I remember something about
an astronomer being asked to help identify the green fireballs and strange debris being
found in the desert. All I know is that the scarey feelings everybody had who was asked to
do experiments on stuff that nobody ever saw before and how we were later threatened if we
talked about anything we saw, felt, or heard.
198
