{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:51:34Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 204392, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121809-c-119-flying-boxcar-ufo-retrieval-in-sierra-madre-mexico-during-1948-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_sha256": "6aaa633f8d0d72c764cd5c467943f4e9c0580afb9b2eded51a10401d5ae816a8"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 952, "chars": 5757, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"On reaching the spot, however, all they found
was a heap of ashes?
and, in the sky above them,
a cigar-shaped object and two discs.
'One of the discs was hovering at an estimated
height of 2,000 feet. It was about 30 ft. in diameter.
The engineer took pictures of it, but of the six
exposures, only two showed the craft with any
degree of clarity.
felt that they had been observed
during their visit, for the two discs shot uP, mergeo
with the 'cigar',
, which,
atter travelling honzontaly
for a short distance, disappeared into space at a
colossal speed."
(This report was also published by APRO in their
Bulletin.)
Three years later, in the summer of 1958, FSR
reader Peter Roe of Nottingham was good enough to
send me a slightly fuller version of this same report,
which gave the name of the man who had had this
experience in Argentina with a crashed disc. He was,
it seems, Signor Eorice Bessa, aged 44, and Italian
architect,
formerly a pilot in the Italian Air Force
in World War II, who had since become a citizen of
Argentina.
*
My next selection from the past comes from FSR
Vol. 2, No. 1 (January/February 1956) where we
find, on page six, under the title Let's Talk Space.
Flying Saucers Are Real, a highly interesting report
from a Special Correspondent of FSR visiting Mexico.
The first part of the article runs as follows:-
"The United States Authorities have established
that flying saucers are manned by visitors from outer
space. They are trying to work out a method of
breathing and staying alive in our atmosphere before
landing and establishing contact.
"This statement was given to a Flying Saucer
Review special correspondent by a top ranking
American V.I.P. - a man whose name would ring
millions of bells throughout the world. Here is the
report.
'One morning during the summer of 1951, news
reporters, news photographers and movie camera men
moved into the airport at Mexico City to meet a
V.LP. from the United States. The group was gath-
ered together, and waiting for the visitor, when some-
body looked up and gave a shout. Three saucers
were hovering over the airport at a height of about
5,000 feet.
'Immediately the cameras went into action,
and many photographs, in colour, black and white,
stills, and movies, were taken. People poured out
of the waiting rooms and restaurant, and several
hundred had a fine view of the saucers before they
darted off at high speed in a southerly direction.
The day following, the newspapers of Mexico
City broke the story on their front pages, but
there were no pictures. It was reported that the
pictures had all been taken by the authorities, and
that, after a study had been made by the Mexican
32
and United States
authorities,
they would
released for publication. So fard they have noi
appeared.'
"Later" that summer, a highly placed American
who was in touch with Air Force Intelligence and in a
position to know the facts about flying saucers,
admitted to Flying Saucer Review's special corres
pondent, after trying to shrug off the Mexico City
Airport incident as
mob hysteria,' that a camera
does not become hysterical, and that dozens, perhaps
hundreds, of pictures were taken that day.
"Having got that far, he revealed that it had been
established that these were visitors from another
planet. That they were completely frendly - their
hovering over defence establishments ana airports
being taken to mean 'We could blow you all to bits
at our leisure if we had any evil intent." That they
were undoubtedly trying to work out a method of
remainimg alive in our atmosphere before landing and
establishing friendly communications, and that they
United States authorițies were completely convinced
that Earth had nothing to fear from them. That the
U.S. Air Force had been ordered to take no action
against their craft. 4
"Asked why such emphasis had been imposed on
denying their existence, and on censoring reports
the V.L.P. official - who would equal a British
Cabinet Minister — said that the U.S.A. wanted her
people to concentrate on the real menace, Comm-
unism; and not to be distracted by the visitors from
"He went on to say that the Orson Welles broad-
cast some years ago had demonstrated what reaction
might be expected were the true facts generally
known: a welter of hysterical nonsense, and
complete disorientation from the tasks in hand:
Rumours and speculation would create an atmos
phere that the skilled propagandists of the Kremlin
would be sure to make the most of.
"Questioned about landings, the official admitted
that there had actually been contact with the men in
the saucers, and that on three occasions there had
been landings which had proved disastrous fro ther
occupants. On each of these occasions breathing the s
heavily oxygenated atmosphere of this Earth and
literally incinerated the visitors from within and had
burned them to a crisp.
"At Cuernavaco in Mexico later in the summer of
1951, flying saucers came up in a conversations
between our Special Correspondent and a group of
Mexican professional men. One of them, an eng
ineer engaged in highway construction, said that ho
had actually helped to load a flying saucer and its
dead crew into an American 'Flying Box-Car' aero:!
plane, he saucer, according to the engineer,
come down in an
uninhabited valley in the Sierra
Madre, near where his crew were working.
" "Ah, Schor,' he said,
"they were handsome,
those little men, with fine features and beautifully
formed tiny hands. But there must have been an
explosion in their craft, for they were burnt black,
and when I touched the face of one of them the
skir
bee
frol
195
ran
cra
whi
yalt
rev
tac
aft
col
AN
Wa
ret
thie
par
wa
the
eCt
ES
los
ma
of
bu
ant
pe
but
Fra
wa
pul
am
thi
по'
Go
in
Go
the
19
wh
Ma
Stu
Th
wa
ifir
SLE
wa
Kr

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 984, "chars": 5907, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
›uld
ave
ПОд
merican
and ine
saucers
corres
co City
camera
perhaps
skin came off under my finger as though it had
been cooked!"
*****
Such,
then, was the gist of the special report
from FR's correspondent who went to Mexico in
1955 and secured a persona interview with a top-
ranking American V...• regarding the reality of
rashed saucers containing small dead beings. But
., ounway, and any stop oan trute cay
value whatsoever to such a tale?
The truth as to the identity of the V.I.P. can be
revealed,
as he is no longer in this world. I con-
täcted FSR's Editor, Derek Dempster, immediately
after reading this article in our Journal early in 1956.
İ asked whether he would kindly tell me, in strict
confidence, who the American V.I.P. was?
He replied that it was General George C. Marshall,
America's impressive Army Chief of Staff in World
War Il and, subsequently, the equally brilliant Sec-
retary of State whose name is for ever enshrined in
that of the famous Marshall Plan, the unique and un-
paralleled act of vision and idealism whereby America
was able rapidly to see the free nations of Europe on
their feet once more, put them firmiy on the road to
economic recovery.
er af
Ition
p. of
eng-
it he
d its
had
¡erra
ully
an
ick,
the
*
*
***
My recapitulation of events and reports as given in
ISR of almost a quarter of a century ago has been
long enough, and I am anxious to keep it down to a
manageable length. But there is still one more piece
of evidence to which I must refer if this extraordinary
business of the early FSR reports of crashed UFOs
and little dead men is to be grasped in its proper
perspective.
This final piece of evidence is not merely a report,
but a whole book, Behind the Flying Saucers by
Frank Scully, an American journalist. Frank Scully
was a veteran newspaperman, and his book, first
published in the United States in 1950, is, so far as 1
m aware
now been written on the UFO Phenomenon. Victor
Gollancz of London produced a British edition of it
in that same year, which sold out very rapidly.
Gollancz had difficulty in finding a single copy when
they decided they would like to re-issue the book in
1955,
and this edition too was soon exhausted.
Scully's story was about an electrifying lecture,
which he said had been delivered at 12.30 p.m. on
March
students)
8, 1950, before a small audience (350
at the University of Denver, Colorado.
There was no advance publicity for the talk, which
was described simply as
"confidential and scient-
ific." It was given during the lunch break, so that the
students had to skip lunch to hear it. The lecturer
was brought to the auditorium by a Mr. George I.
Kohler of Denver, a staff member of a local indep-
endent Rocky Mountain radio station with the call
letters
KMYR. As to the identity of the lecturer
himselt, it does not seem
anyone was over-
anxious to divulge it at the time, and only after he
had gone was it discovered that nobody at the Univ-
ersity could say who he was. The local press, when
reporting the lecture, simply described him as "an
unidentified middle-aged lecturer." Only later, when
Scully's book came out in the same year (1950) was
it revealed that the lecturer was a famous business-
man and personality, Silas M. Newton, a graduate of
Yale, a Texan by birth, and one of the great geo-
physicists of the American oil industry, with a record
of successful oil exploration second to none (and a
millionaire as a result).
The subject of Newton's astonishing talk to the
students was crashed saucers and little dead crews.
Newton told his listeners that there had been, up till
that date (March 1950), three of these wrecked craft
tound in the USA, with their dead crews, and that all
three machines and the crews had been inspected by
scientists with whom he himself was currently ass-
ociated in geophysical research. He said that the three
machines had contained a total of 34 little men
measuring between 36 inches and 40 inches in height.
The tirst saucer, said Newton, was found, "less thar
*within 500 miles of
Denver, 5ft as 99,99 feet in diameter andnis cabin
was 18 feet wide and 6 feet high. The second
72 feet wide, also contained, like the first
one, I6 little dead men who, however, had seem-
ingly not suffered from burns like the crew of the
first disc, because they had fair complexions. They
had no beard, apart from a fine facial down "res-
embling peach fuzz."
The third disc, said Newton, measured 36 feet
in diameter, and contained only two little corpses.
The little men had apparently been alive when it
landed, but had died as they tried to emerge from
the cabin.
Newton gave a vast amount of detail about the
craft and the little men - far too much for me to
reproduce here. He described the current theories
of the American scientists, namely that the discs
were operated magnetically, and he also related how
American service personnel had succeeded in looting
a great many of the smaller instruments and fittings
before the authorities could put a stop to this
souvenir-gathering. Those who want to see the story
in detail must try to get Scully's book and read it.
And that may not be easy, for, unless somebody has
the sense to republish it, I predict that it will remain
a rare and much-sought item. Indeed, in the light of
the material already winkled out of the Pentagon
by Ground Saucer Watch under the terms of
American Freedom of Information Act, and in the
light of the revelations now made by Mr. Leonard
H. Stringfield in the article Retrievals of a Third
kind which follows this, there may be a mad rush
soon to get Scully's book - poorly written though
it may be, like so much of the UFO literature.
The Scully book was dynamite, and it naturally
created a sensation. It was therefore imperative that
Scully be stopped in his tracks, and a feverish and
powerful campaign was at once launched to damn
and discredit him utterly. That campaign was 100%
33
