{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T03:34:25Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 269700, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121820-description-of-flying-saucer-photo-and-report-seen-at-a-restricted-materials-library-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_sha256": "31d3f76e9dbc931143c8a015c177fbeeb8194f8af4dd5dc31febaf52bd4aafbe"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 3117, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
.- -
Intelligence community may have contributed to this process. Whenever classified information
surfaces, the pattern of the Information released indicates the source of the leak; consequently,
governments maintain effective control over this subject.
If many of the retrieved craft exhibited the same kind of pin-hole break, it could be the result of
some defect in the porthole materlal; maybe it's the characteristic puncture inflicted by some
exotic weapon of extraterrestrial war. Perhaps we will come to realize, in splte of the existence of
technologically advanced beings, that achievement of perfection is an elusive standard
We feel that this introduction would not be complete without adding that we strongly support
other independent researchers that have expressed their dissatisfaction with officlal positions
regarding the continued withholding of information about UFOs. This responsibility lies squarely
on world leadership. Of their mismanagement of this and other aspects of world governing, we
state: manipulation of the truth is a poor substitute for leadership and a weak strategy for the
future survival of mankind. The only way we can forge ahead Is to have clarity of purpose; the only
way to attain this clarity is with a true vision of what we are, as a species, in relationship to the
universe.
The interview took place with a witness who was a former military officer. While serying in the
military, he had a special security clearance that enabled him to access a restricted library (prior
to 1970). Due lo the highly sensitive nature of the information, and possible risk to this
individual, no Information is provided which could be used to identify him or the location of the
base. The following conversation is not written down verbatim, but was complied over the course
of four separate sessions.
9. What was the occasion In which you viewed documents concerning crashed saucers?
A
While I was stationed at this particular base, I had a special assignment which afforded me
ample free time. The materials library was available lo those oflicers with a designated
security clearance, and I had the appropriate clearance. I was passing time in the library
and I discovered a file on the subject of alien craft and its dead occupants that had been
retrieved. The file contained a report, a separate black and white photograph and a book by
Major Donald Keyhoe.
Did the ille or any of the documents within the file have a classification stamped on them,
such as "Classified" or "Top Secret"?
A
No. They were just in the (military) base library; but you needed to have the proper
clearance to be admitted.
9. Before you saw the file; did you ever have any experience with UFOs -- any personal
sightings?
A No, not at all.
9. Were you asked or required to look at this matertal in the library at any time?
A
No.
9.
So you don't think some kind of test was being conducted, with you as the subject?
A
No. I was alone when I viewed the file. I was actually looking for something else at the time.
So you came across this file by accident?
A
Yes.
What did you see in the photograph?
A
212

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 521, "chars": 3058, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Could you describe the angle in which the craft appeared tilted as it lay on the ground?
A
I would estimate that it was tilted from about five to ten degrees.
Did the top view of the craft form a perfect circle?
I couldn't tell...the photograph showed the craft from the side, as if somebody on the ground
had taken the picture some distance away. But it was referred to as a saucer shape.
g. Was there any mention of radiallon associated with this craft?
A It wasn't indicated.
9. So you say that the craft was Intact -- no damage anywhere?
A
Well, the report referred to this particular craft in much greater detail. This just reinforced
what I was seeing in the photograph, bul they also elaborated on many details not evident
in viewing the picture. First of all, it was stated that the craft was retrieved somewhere near
the town of Farmington, New Mexico, prior to 1950. As I could see in the photograph, the
material of which the craft was composed was metallic, and resembled brushed aluminum -
- the report noted this also.
•. Were there any fin-like projections noticed on this craft?
A No, none at all.
• Was there any mention that this structure was reminiscent of a gyro; in other words, did the
exterior of the craft rotate around the cockpit?
There was nothing indicated about that.
g. Could you make out any identifying markings or symbols on the craft as it appeared in the
photograph?
A No...and there was nothing mentioned about it.
8. Were there any surface features on the craft at all?
A It was stated in the report that there were portholes on the cabin part of the craft, but they
were not made of any type of glass. Also, I couldn't make out this feature in the photograph.
• g. Did the information reveal what that material could have been?
A
Well, this porthole had a puncture that was the dlameler of a pencil; that was the onl
lefect discovered on the entire ship. Our people tried diamond drills, an acetylene torch -
everything they could come up with on the porthole where this opening was located, but
nothing would break through it.
tougher than anything we were familiar with on Earth. But they eventually got into the
cabin.
9. Did it say how they accessed it?
Yes, it was described as a chance opening. They had gone over the outside of the craft and
could not even find a seam or crack that might indicate the location of a door or other
entrance. This led them to focus on the small opening in the porthole. As I mentioned
earlier they used everything they could think of to enlarge this hole...and nothing worked. It
was concluded that they would have to somehow gain access through this hole and they
eventually did because a door popped open; it appeared from a place where there were no
obvious seams or other indications of a door. The report said (referring 1o the opening and
closing of the door) that it was "almost as if the mațerial of the craft had liquified and then
solidified again," leaving no clue of the door's location upon closing. If there was a seam, It
was so tight it couldn't be observed.
213

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 419, "chars": 2439, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Did you ever see the movie, The Day The Earth Stood Still? It sounds like a scene from the
movie, where they show the military trying a blowtorch on a spaceshlp, but with no luck.
A
9.
A
No, I never saw the movie.
Did the report in the file indicate the size of this craft?
My recollection is that It was around thirty-some feet in diameter.
Was there anything in the report that indicated the weight of the craft?
A
Yes, It was apparently composed of a very light weight material. The report stated that two
average men could lift or move the entire ship!
g.
Did you ever see anything about the ability of these ships to become invisible, like th
loaking idea presented on "Star Trek"
fo was tes coated t Tallow them, or or they ataly had cher tig oot gut ensight an fast tha
our eyes couldn't follow them, c
I am especially interested in what these dead occupants were like. Were they described as
biological extraterrestrials?
A
They didn't use that terminology that I can remember, but yes, they were described as
being like us, but smaller -- two arms, two legs, a head, feet and hands.
g. Were they all alike in appearance?
Well, It said that the two bodies were badly charred. So was the interior of the cockpit of the
craft. The report also sald that they were about four feet in height; there was no description.
of their features beyond that.
9. So there was no mention of sexual differences?
No, no mention of that. But it's interesting that the report sald that the clothing wasn't
burned at all.
9. So there was a description of the fabric?
A Yes, it was some type of woven fabric and the report said that it had a tensile strength of
800 pounds.
9. Was the color of the fabric mentioned?
A No, there was no reference to it.
g.
A
How about the style of the clothing? Did they both wear the same thing?
It was only described as being like a one-plece flight suit. And yes, it was the same on each
9. Was there any mention of craft propulsion systems? For example, anything involving Jet,
nuclear, or anti-matter driven engines?
A
There was no mention of a propulsion system other than the idea that their technolog
tilized magnetic or gravitational fields of the planets to travel in space. It was speculate
How could the military figure this out?
A The report didn't go into depth on this, but part of the conclusion was based upon the fact
that there was no food or bathroom facility found within the cabin of the craft.
214

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 614, "chars": 3629, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9. Was there anything in the report that indicaled the reason for the craft coming down? For
example, there have been rumored reports that our military was under orders to Intercept
and shoot them down. Is It possible that we shot this one down?
A
o, according to the report, we were not responsible for bringing this craft or any of thi
ther ones down. There was mention of a magnetic fault, or opening, or something like that
located in the area where the craft came down. There were three of these faults or opening
located in North America: one was located in the Southwest, around the Texas/New Mexicc
area, one was somewhere in the Carolinas, and one was somewhere in the Northeast sector,
but I can't remember exactly where.
g. You mentioned "or any of the other ones?" Are you saying that there was more than one
crash?
A Yes, the report referred to "crashes" and the Farmingion crash information was used to
relate general information on similarities with other crashes.
9. Are you saying that these aliens are not able to control their craft in certain areas?
From the report, I learned that these areas occur naturally and could possibly interfere
with the navigation of these craft. You see, the way I understand it, they use the natural
magnetic lines of a planet and a gravity field to move their ships from one place to another:
That's how they are able to make near-right angle turns, which our jets are incapable of
A
Was there anything in the report that suggested where the craft and the little beings
originated, or why they are coming here?
No, nolhing in the report as to "why" or "from where". But the report did say that hundreds of
alien craft New over ihe town of Farmington, New Mexico, on the anniversary of this crash --
that also corresponded with the celebration of some national holiday. And It said that it
may have been a tribute to the beings that were killed, or they were letting us know, by a
show of force, they had overcome the factor that had caused their ships to crash.
How did the military réport specifically refer to It? For instance, was it described as "a
tribute to their fallen comrades"?
A They didn't use the term "comrades".. actually, there was some specific terminology used
but I can't recall what It was. (Note: Chuck speculated that whatever the word was that
referred to the dead beings, It may have some important significance indicating our
military's awareness of the relationships or order within the allen culture.)
A
A
Why do you feel that the military or the government is withholding this information from
the public?
They felt that only people in professional levels were capable of dealing with this
information.
Based on what occurred with the Orson Welles "War of the Worlds" radio
presentation, this information could create panic. Then it threatens to break down the
industrial complex that supports the military complex - it would obviously undermine it:
And it could possibly reduce our ability to counter an attack by a hostile alien culture. But
it was also clear that the intent of these particular beings was not known. While our
technicians worked on the craft out in the desert (trying to gain access) other alien ships
would, from time to time, fly by the site, pausing momentarily to view the scene, perhaps to
see If there were any survivors. At no time did they attempt to harm our people.
Do you have any other comments you would like lo make about this?
I think I've covered everything. All the information on this subject was removed from the
library in the late 1960s. One thing I can say is that I would sure like to know what's going
215

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 254, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
: 5 Lae ue ? ; + =a ul Sie otlingirs ap" Boe Tae aie we Le re. ger

waren Lis cea St eee

I
.
\
‘,
\
= _ ho o
> at > ar
wo
| a

> ™ 5 a
iA

|

=
= |
™
a
lt
rm
- *
mm
=]
= LW
—_ fs a
Ce = EC)
= ti @ &
2 Et
hee
um =
i ©
= ot i. =
noc Ao
~~ & Ch «
fH & wm
