{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T22:35:56Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 834751, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121884-brazil-ufo-crash-january-1996-email-august-11-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "a61bb84b92936c5c7798efaa03f5c676e517f5fa10073414dce0141a0a0836fc"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 186, "chars": 1188, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FROM:
TO:
Steven
M.
(unknown),
(unknown),
Greer M.D.,
102542,3573
103215,1472
DATE:
Re:
Sender:
Received:
8/11/96 3:58 AM
None
File
azil
Crash
03:51:46 1996
To:
Subject: None
8-11-96
Dear Friends,
For those of you who have been exploring the www and have not yet
liscovered Stanton Friedman's excellent web site, I have preparec
some
material form his most recent monthly report dated- July 29, 1996.
can be viewed at http://medianet.nbnet.nb.ca/ufo/index.htn
I hope you will visit him on a regular basis as I do.
It
From Stanton Friedman's UFO Web Page
Close Encounters
My June trip to Curitiba, Brazil, was fascinating on several levels.
It was my first trip south of the Equator; the people were very
friendly
and interested, seeking both autographs and pictures of them with the
foreign speakers. You haven't had barbecue until you have the waiter
slice off steaks, chops etc from a long double skewer brought to your
place at the table with a new round every few minutes.
One also learns about Brazilian time: 8PM often means sometime
between
until
9 and 10. We didn't find out when our Conference presentations were
the day before. But most important was finding
out more about the

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 402, "chars": 2489, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Tat In
inde
Varginha
alien body recovery case which had been mentioned before we went
down.
The press coverage of the case had been very extensive, including a
Brazilian UFO Newsletter
(In English), a 6 Page cover story in a
weekly news magazine, and
programs. Vitorrio Pacaccini
who
spoke excellent English, had been investigating the case since
January.
He was
able to talk to many different witnesses
including the three
girls who spotted one of the small brown skinned, big headed, big red
eyed, dazed creatures, in January, 1996.
He is from nearby, and, because he owns three coffee plantations, was
able to take the time to track down many military and medical and
local
witnesses.
He gave a dual presentation with a lawyer with whom he worked very
closely. He wasgracious enough to spend well over an hour being
privately interviewed by JohnCarpenter (MUFON's Abductions
CoordinatoI), Graham Birdsall (Editor of the UK UFO Magazine,
ciIculation over 100,000) and myseli on video tape. Also one of he
local people translated much of their joint presentation.
We heard of wreckage as well as bodies, sightings of low level
submarine
shaped flying craft which disturbed a nearby farmer's animals a few
hours
earlier, and also that a (military) truck load of strange wreckage
observed. We also were told ofan apparent notification by the US
government to the Brazilian military that something was coming down
from the sky in that area.
DI. John Mack of Harvard had been to Brazil before
we arrived and had interrogated the three female
witnesses. He concluded that they had been
traumatized and had been telling the truth. We heard
of (but did not hear) a 42 minute tape of a military
man telling what happened. It seems clear that
several bodies were recovered, some dead some
alive. I had been wary of the notion that the fire
department would go out with nets, but found that it
responds to reports of wild animals that way.
Whether they were crew or cargo is not known.
Some people were comparing the case to Roswell. There were indeed
many civilian, military and
professional people involved. However,
there
is
very little in the way of testimony from the high ranking officers or
medical people, comparable to Retired USAF General DuBose oI Major
Marcel, or his
son Dr. Marcel.
A.J. Gevaerd, MUFON Representative in Brazil and editor of one of the
largest Brazilian UFO Publications was a gracious host, and gave a
received paper about Varginha at the July MUFON Symposium. (I am

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1668, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
тро
offering a 2 page article about this case to anyone sending a self
addressed, stamped, no. 10 business envelope to me at POB 958,
Houlton,
ME 04730-0958.)
Unfortunately the Wall Street Journal carried a large, front page
story, misquoting me, and taking a disdainful tone.
Independence Day
New admission records were set by this alien invader flag waving
movie. TIME and NEWSWEEK had cover stories the same week. The focus
was
science fiction with reference to UFOS, but not the slightest
indication of the vast array of solid data that is available.
Obviously the media are more comfortable focusing on entertainment
rather than facts and data elevant to the reality of Roswell and the
Cosmic Watergate.
Books
I read UK Ministry of Defense UFO Investigator Nick Pope's book "Open
Skies, Closed Minds" with great expectations, but finished with great
disappointment. The book is very superficial, Irequently factually
inaccurate, poorly referenced and also resorts to poor reasoning from
time to time. I will be preparing a detailed review.
Travis Walton's book "Fire in the Sky: The Travis Walton Experience"
(Marlowe and Co.) is a much better read. Excellent insight is
provided
why movie makers do what they do and how little creative control the
subject of
a basically biographical movie has on the script. For
anyone who still thinks debunker Philip Klass's explanations of the
experience as a hoax promulgated to protect Mike Roger's logging
activities, is a good one, Walton's detailed review of Klass'
nefarious
activities is well worth the price of the book.
STF COMMUNICATION
Stanton Friedman can be reached by Email at:
•.OI by fax at:
Stanton Friedman
