{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T02:53:57Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1003047, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121859-ufo-physical-evidence-mystery-fragments-from-ufo-landing-in-brazil-1-10-98.pdf", "source_sha256": "6749c02add0e90d1a53ce8e313e007f7a254861962bf76c5436d838b95c77488"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 283, "chars": 1782, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4+
File
Mew
BAE
Re:
Brazilian Evidence (?)
Hi again,
See what you make of this:
via the Brazilian scientific news agency, JCNB (Jornal Científico
Novo)
translated courtesy of U-POP
®all rights reserved
10 January 1998
"MYSTERY FRAGMENTS FROM ALLEGED UFO"
(Universidade de Escola de Mato Grosso, Cuiabá, Brasil.) Dr. Octavio
Porros, head of the earth sciences
department and Milton Riás, professor of mineral chemistry at the
University College of Mato Grosso,
Cuiabá, announced the recovery of hundreds of mysterious fragments of
an unknown material from an
alleged UFO landing site in the Serra Do Tombador mountain range,
approx. 350 kilometers south-west of
the southern Brazilian city.
"We have no idea what these fragments are, " said Professor Riás in a
lengthy taped article recorded on
February 3 of this year.
"To say we are puzzled is ar
understatement•
We are very excited. Whatever this
substance is, it has several amazing properties which bear careful
study."
The actual alleged 'UFO landing' occurred sometime late in October,
1997, and was witnessed by gold and
silver miners at an isolated camp in the wooded hills of the Serra Do
Tombador. The miners, who tend (Riás
said) to be secretive
about all their affairs, were the first to
collect some of the fragments, but word of the
landing
and the existence of physical evidence only reached the
outside world in late November or early
December. Professor Riás, his brother Dante (a mining engineer), and
a third
man described as "a family
friend", travelled to the mining camp between Christmas and New
"It was my brother who first heard
the stories of the landing and the fragments," said Professor Riás.
"He considered the source
reliable enough to want to investigate for
himself.
He convinced me to come along."

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3173, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
„Dante Riás' "reliable source", an as yet unidentified miner, led the
trio of investigators up to a flat, barren
pampas above the wooded ravine where the miners work the cliffs for
gold.
"The miners sometimes used
the
flat area above the camp as a soccer field," said Riás. "The
elevation is about 3500 feet.
It is very level
high grassland.
A local rancher grazes his herd on it for part of
the year.
A small plane could easily land
there.
Apparently it has not been uncommon to see lights in the sky
over this area. They have been seen for many years."
Riás, who said he was expecting to find marks of a landing of some
kind
of craft, was disappointed.
"I had
visions of something like the crop circles I had seen pictures of,"
he said, laughing.
"However there was
nothing
like that. Just grass."
It was only after their guide led
them to a specific area that the investigators
began to notice the dark irregular fragments on the ground beneath
their feet, some partially embedded in
the soil anong the grass clumps, and others which, according to Riás,
looked as if they had just been dropped there moments before. "As
nearly as
we could determine," said Riás, "the fragments covered a
roughly circular area, circumference of about 200 meters, with the
greatest concentration in a definite ring
10 meters in from the outer-most edge of the circle. We had no
difficulty seeing them.
There were tens of
thousands of small dark pieces
on the ground around us. They were
very evident once we knew what to
look for.
we collected samples from various places in the circle,
took photographs and some preliminary
measurements. My brother tested the site with his Geiger counter,
and found only slightly higher than
normal readings.
Tests with a directional compass showed some
magnetizing effect, but this was only slight and inconclusive.
The
site needs
to be studied carefully with proper equipment sometime in
the future."
Upon his return to Cuiabá, Riás began a series of physical tests to
determine nature and composition of the
"We brought home two hundred and sixty-two pieces," he
said. "The smallest is about the size of a dried pea. The largest is
an irregular, somewhat rod-like fragment measuring six on by two cm
by two
All the pieces are highly irregular in shape and have jagged
edges, as if they have been broken up.
That is why we started
calling them fragments. They looked like shards of some broken thing,
like a huge broken ceramic pot.
It is impossible to tell whether
these breaks are old or new.
There is no apparent weathering on the
edges of the fragments."
Riás described the
non-metallic,
substance of the fragments as appearing
"and not like any stone I am
familiar with." He said it looked to him like a manufactured
substance
-- like a ceramic or a plastic.
"It is so
difficult to describe," he said.
"It is a very very hard material
but it also has a vaguely rubber-like leel to its
surface. The color is very dark grey, and not at all glossy, very
dull."
Rias went on to say the
substance
has as specific gravity of
2.72, "very similar to aluminum."
It is a poor conductor of
electricity. "We have not yet discovered its melting point.
We have

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 491, "chars": 2923, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
i subjected it to heat in
: excess of 2,500 C.
It neither melted or burned. It is utterly
resistant to corrosion from the usual acids."
when asked if the mystery substance was radioactive, Riás said: "At
first the fragments registered as being
slightly more radioactive then you would expect from any randomly
selected stone, In other words,
above normal background
-mal background radiation!
slightly
But these levels have dropped to
normal in all but one of the samples
which actually seems to fluctuate in its readings from day to day,
with high spikes of both alpha and beta
emissions.
we have however detected no gamma ray, indicating to us
that the substance, whatever it is, is
probably not a secondary product of nuclear fission, that is to say,
it is not nuclear waste of any kind, as
someone has suggested. Nevertheless, we are keeping that one
a we are dealing on.
fragment in special containment, just in case. We really do not know
what we are dealing with. We have to be cautious."
the material proved to be so hard, int required the use of a hydraulio
press to crush one small fragment
fine particles for some of Riás' tests.
of tests to determine the composition of the fragments, he said: "The
• thor compositiot
When asked about the results
more tests we apply, the more battled we are. The strangest result
so far is
from chromatic spectrography, which should have been able to pinpoint
the material's constituents.
However, the spectrograph reading cannot be correct. The machine
tells us the fragments are made from a
mixture of almost pure methane and ammonia, with trace amounts of
carbon. This is clearly impossible.
Methane
and ammonia are gases.
They only exist as solids when frozen
at very low temperatures. These
fragments are not frozen gas, at least not 'frozen' in any sense of
the word I know.
In fact, most people who
have handled the fragments have noted they feel slightly warm to the
touch."
between the
con the temperature of the
temperature oi the Iragments
and the ambient temperature.
"They are not giving off heat, " he
said.
He was then asked by the interviewer about rumors that the fragments
melted through ice cubes even at sub-
zero temperatures.
"That is not exactly true," explained Riás. "One
of my students did a test, laying a
fragment on an ice cube in the open lab. Within about a minute and a
half the fragment had passed through
the cube, leaving a hole in the ice. There was some melting of the
cube, but I thought the melt water looked
like
the result of normal exposure to warm air. I then personally
repeated the experiment in a sub-zero
freezer. The fragment began to
pass through the ice and as I
watched, the hole behind the object filled in
with recrystallized ice. After one minute and thirty-seven seconds
the fragment had passed entirely through
the four on thick ice cube leaving only a white Line oI
recrystallized ice to mark its passage. I believe the

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 229, "chars": 1291, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
fragment was not melting the ice,
but rather pushing the compacted
crystals aside somehow. This is
the single strangest property of the material. These ice experiments
have been repeated hundreds of times
now. The effect is always the same."
When asked where he thought the fragments had come from, Professor
Riás said he did not know.
correspond to nothing I have seen in over twenty years as a chemist.
They seen to violate natural laws as
we understand those laws.
However, much more study is needed. " when
asked bluntly if the fragments
were not of this earth or If he thought they came from a UFO, Riás
said: "First you will have to tell me what
a UFO is. I have never seen one.
I do not know if these fragments
came from somewhere other than this
planet, and if they did, I do not know how they got here. None of
the miners saw a craft, or at least none of
them said they did. They saw lights in the sky. That could mean
anything."
Asked if he would be giving out the exact location of the site in the
Serra Do Tombador range, Rias sald not
until he could mount a proper expedition to the area again. "I have,
however, already shared samples of our
fragments with colleagues in France, Germany and Japan. They are in
Frankly, they have better
They may find something we have missed."
