{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T23:47:57Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 167593, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121841-tex-martin-flying-saucer-seen-in-hangar-at-wright-patterson-air-force-base-in-1946-leonard-stringfield-notes.pdf", "source_sha256": "2d646882311ceb8a4049644a4be2b04f2b7b57f17be81c38e2ce21657d350ecc"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 731, "chars": 4349, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
patien shit
description of the apparel worn by the men in her photo, I was still concerned about the
parallelisms, 1.e., outstretched arms, and two men wearing wide-brimmed hats. If both photos.
I reasoned, were identical, or even similar, then something was wrong about the whole Cape
Girardeau story. for the photo I had seen was a hoax.
I called Charlette the same day I got her letter and, without telling her about the hoaxed photo, I
asked her to describe in more detall the one she had seen, especially the alien and the clothing
of the two men. Her response was one of certalnty: the allen she remembered was about 4 feet
tall with a yery large head, by human proportions, for the body size. From what I could recall
from the hoaxed photo, hers was distinctly different. Of the two men, she said one was wearing
a jacket and slacks, the other, a white shirt. Then, I explained my reason for calling and went
on to relate that the two men in the photo I had seen were wearing trenchcoats. On this point,
Charlette was positive - no trenchcoats!
To satisfy my own curiosity about my old photo, which got lost in my files, I asked my
cooperative German research friend, Michael Hesemann, who had called me on another
matter, If he still had a copy of the photo that he had declared to be an "April Fool's Day Hoax",
published in a Cologne newspaper, 1950. See Status Report III, page 30-31. He sent me a copy of
it by Fax the next day, but I must admit that I forgot that two women also appeared in the posed
shot. I sent a copy to Charlette for her comment, to which she responded June 6, 1991, as
Thank you for sending me the copy of the picture of the allen you got from Germany. It is nothing
liké what I saw. Your picture showed men in overcoats while in my picture, the man had no coats.
It was warm weather when the crash occurred and the two men were dressed In slacks; one with a
white dress shirt with sleeves rolled up; the other had on a short-waisted jacket with a dress shirt.
Your picture shows two women; mine, none. The allen In yours looks like a tiny doll, much smaller
and shorter than mine. The alien in my picture was about 4 feet tall when being held between the
two men about up to their walsts. They were holding him under the armpits with the arms
outstretched across In front of them. Mine had no clothing or boots as your picture shows. The
arms of mine were much longer than yours and its head larger. The only thing similar was the
wide-brimmed hats that the two men wore.
THE "WRIGHT" STUFF - A PRELIMINARY REPORT
David Dobbs, of Cincinnati, Ohio, is a long-time friend and associate in UFO research who is a
faithful member of MUFON Amateur Radio Net. The following anecdote, received from Dave
July 8, 1991 - properly a preliminary report -- is of special interest because it relates to an
alleged pre-Roswell crash and retrieval.
Tex Martin, to the best of his recollection, was six years old, which would be in 1946, when he
gazed through a guarded doorway at Wright Field, but the strange scene that met his eyes was
burned into his memory forever. Not just once, but on several successive days, he saw the same
strange object.
As an adult, he discussed the incident only with his wile, and over forty years'
would pass before he understood the significance of what he had seen.
On the evening of
September 19, 1990, while he was watching the Unsolved Mysteries program which described a
UFO crash/retrieval, Tex suddently realized what he had observed in that hangar.
Tex ls an amateur radio operator. When he accidently tuned into the MUFON Amateur Radio Net
on March 23, 1991, he learned that someone local might have a serlous interest in his
information. He subsequentiy contacted the author, who had been acting as net control operator.
by phone. The narrative which follows is what he related.
School had closed the week preceding Tex's sixth birthday on June 10. As a present, and a reward
for having done well in class, he was allowed to accompany his father, Jack Martin, to work. Jack.
installed aircraft instruments at Wright Fleld, (later to become Wright-Patterson Air Force Base).
He worked out of a shanty on the field, but changed clothes and ate with other men in a hangar
area furnished with picnic tables. A washroom and lockers were located down the aisle of the L-
shaped room.
!
242

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 699, "chars": 4391, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Unusual activity was evident when Tex and his father arrived at the hangar that Monday morning.
Military vehicles were parked in front of the hangar doors and "Army men" were present. Tex
emphasizes that these vehicles and soldiers were seen only on that first day. Inside the hangar,
large pane! door could be closed sideways to separate the canteen area from the main part of the
hangar. These were just sliding shut as Tex entered the canteen, but not before he caught sight of
several low-boy trucks inside with tarpaulin-covered loads.
Tex remembers savoring the first Eskimo Ple he had ever eaten, and taking the wrapper to a trash
can which stood beside a pop machine. Tex eyed the bottles of pop with longing because they
Included his favorite -- chocolate soda.
A janitor was statloned nearby guarding a walk-through
door in the sliding panels. Noticing Tex's interest in the pop, he offered to treat him. Tex went to
ask permission from his father, then came back to accept the drink.
able to look through the small door which had been left open. Inside the main hangar,
soldiers
were working and quite a crowd was gathering. Several small bodies, Tex believes there were
three or four, lay on stretchers in front of a large, dome-shaped object supported on tripodal legs.
Blankels were scattered about on the floor and soldiers were folding up a large tarpaulin.
He remembers that the bodies were small, brownish in color, and had large, pear-shaped heads.
He estimates that the domed object in the background was
18-20 feet in diameter. It was off-
white in color, had no sharp points, and was encircled by a flat band. Tex told his father about the
object, and he also saw it when he looked through the doorway.
It was probably Thursday morning when a Colonel noticed Tex looking through the door and
ordered Tex's father to take him home. A week or two later, Jack Martin lost his job. He told Tex
and his mother that he had seen stulf he wasn't suppose to see. Tex remembers his father crying
in the kitchen, and the difficulty he had finding other work. Tex overheard his grandfather, who
also worked at Wright Field, telling his parents that a portion of a space vehicle had been brought
Tex has a good memory of the topography of the field at that time, with a runway going up a hill
where gliders were launched. This ran E-W between buildings towards a water tower. According
to his father, there was an underground facility in the hill containing top-secret stuff. Only people
with the highest clearances could get in.
The investigator's preliminary conclusions are that Tex. Martin appears to be a stable, honest
individual without the reason or background to fabricate such a story. It appears likely that
hypnotic regression could verify the dates and circumstances involved and elucidate a wealth of
detailed information.
"OVER THERE'
Some time in 1964; "somewhere at sea", between the Carrbean and the Allantic, a specially
rigged LST, a flagship (AKA, "spy ship") for a naval amphibious force, received a coded radio
message in its "crypto-machine" room, which reported that "artifacts" had been retrieved with
According to my informant, former Third Class Petty Officer, S. M. Brannigan, (pseudonym) a
specialist trained to translate intercepted Russian transmisslons, the decoded report stated
that a UFO had crashed in two parts; the main section near Penkridge, in Staffordshire,
England, the remains in West Germany. He further stated that the retrievals of the parts and
the occupants were conducted by Alr Force Intelligence and shipped to Wright-Patterson AFB
adding, that U.S. and other NATO interceptors were involved. Brannigan admitted there was
more to the incident, involving coded information, that he preferred to keep confidential.
The Brannigan disclosure, while sketchy, may spotlight only the tip of the iceberg as to the
scope of military crash/retrieval operations in foreign lands. Researchers know that reports
of crashes are worldwide, from pole to pole, on every continent, and in many countries even in
remote Madagascar. If such incidents are to be secreted, it is my suspicion that U.S. special
retrieval teams have been, and still are, prepared to "go Into action" into any crash location
within its sphere of military or economic influence such as was exercised with NATO in the
"artifact" retrievals in England and West Germany.
243
