{"created_utc": "2026-10-09T16:51:35Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 47700085, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304135303149216, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121879-michael-schratt-retrievals-of-the-third-kind-version-5-dec-2013.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540874540000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/121879-michael-schratt-retrievals-of-the-third-kind-version-5-dec-2013.pdf", "source_sha256": "02c3f26fe421a6b3151e06d49c35915657029afc5d217ed8fc249dbdeca5c806"}

RETRIEVALS OF THE THIRD KIND
 Cosmic Crashes, Corpses and Cover-ups
 A re-examination of Leonard Stringfield’s
        UFO Crash/Retrieval Cases
           By Michael Schratt
        Copyright December 2013
                          TABLE OF CONTENTS
Chapter 1:   MUFON HQ, The Secret Alien Film, Operation Deep Freeze


Chapter 2:   ET Contact at Holloman AFB in 1964, U.S. Marine UFO Encounter in 1963


Chapter 3:   ET Craft and Bodies Kept at Wright Patterson AFB


Chapter 4:   1951 Gordon Cooper UFO Intercept Attempt, 1957 UFO Landing at Edwards AFB


Chapter 5:   1973 Jackie Gleason Alien Encounter at Homestead AFB


Chapter 6:   1965 UFO Retrieval at Fort Riley, Kansas


Chapter 7:   1958 U.S.S. FDR UFO Encounter


Chapter 8:   Secret Alien Files at an Indiana Hospital, UFO Debris Analyzed by Chicago Co.


Chapter 9:   Alien Bodies Moved from Edwards AFB, Alien Encounter at the Pentagon


Chapter 10: 1977 UFO Crash/Retrieval in Lumberton, OH, Autopsy at Walter Reed Hospital


Chapter 11: 1954 UFO Crash in Montana, Alien Shot at McGuire AFB/Fort Dix, NJ in 1978


Chapter 12: 1964 UFO Crash/Retrieval in Ravenna, OH


Chapter 13: Area 51/Dreamland Airspace, Project Silverbug


Chapter 14: Project Red Light and the Bob Lazar Connection, Gordon Cooper Comments


Chapter 15: 1952 UFO Landing at Fort Polk, LA, Additional alien Bodies Reported at WPAFB
Chapter 16: Fort Hood TX/Gray Army Airfield TOP SECRET Underground Base


Chapter 17: Additional Comments by Gordon Cooper, Ben Rich Comments on Space Travel


Chapter 18: Alien Bodies Preserved in “Cryogenic Suspension” at WPAFB


Chapter 19: Flying Saucers Discovered at WPAFB in 1963


Chapter 20: Howard Hughes and the Area 51 Connection, Project “Red Light”


Chapter 21: 1958 UFO Crash near White Sands Proving Ground


Chapter 22: UFO seen at the Naval Station Great Lakes, IL in 1973, Aztec UFO Crash in 1948


Chapter 23: Alien Autopsy at WPAFB


Chapter 24: Additional Source for “Alien Movie,” The Mysterious Alien “Black Box”


Chapter 25: 1947 Salinas, CA UFO Retrieval


Chapter 26: UFOs Downed by Military Aircraft


Chapter 27: UFO Hidden in the Manzano, NM Underground Weapons Facility


Chapter 28: 1978 SR-71 UFO Encounter, Secret UFO Program at Langley AFB, VA


Chapter 29: The Secret “UFO Warehouse” at WPAFB


Chapter 30: Alien Bodies Off-Loaded from a DC-7 at WPAFB in 1953


Chapter 31: Flying Saucer Seen at Edwards AFB in 1952, Alien Photos from WPAFB
                                     Leonard Stringfield

   Introduction: Students of ufology will recall that Leonard Stringfield was best
known for his research into so called “UFO Crash/Retrievals.” During the mid-1970s, Leonard
accumulated reports from military sources who claimed they had first-hand knowledge of
crashed saucers and bodies being recovered by elements of the United States government. If
these military sources are actually telling the truth, then this of course would constitute a
“Cosmic Watergate” of the highest order. If Stringfield’s contacts are to be believed, these prized
possessions were then quickly whisked away from their crash sites and sent to multiple military
installations around the country for research and development applications. Due to the highly
classified nature of these retrieval operations, Leonard never released the identities of his
sources. This move on his part has frustrated UFO researchers for decades, but also proved
Leonard to be a man of integrity.
    Leonard’s sources for the information contained in this book include the following: 3-star
USAF Generals, USAF fighter pilots, astronauts, commercial pilots, air traffic controllers,
neurosurgeons, pathologists, theoretical physicists and mathematicians, U.S. Army officers, U.S.
Navy officers, military police, high level Pentagon officials, top military brass, and
scientists/engineers who worked at Wright Patterson AFB. The references included in this multi-
segmented paper were derived directly from Leonard’s day-to-day dictation notes (now on file at
MUFON headquarters in Newport Beach, CA). These are comprised of 65 small three-ring
binders which measure approximately 5” X 8”.
   Michael Schratt was granted unprecedented access to this rare collection on March 8-9, 2013
and October 15-16, 2013 by the MUFON board of directors including former MUFON
international director David MacDonald, and current director Jan Harzan. Per Leonard
Stringfield’s original request, the identities of personnel directly involved in UFO crash/retrieval
operations will NOT be divulged. However, in the interest of preserving an important part of our
national history, the contents and specific details of these important files will now be revealed for
the first time. Note: As of September, 2013, the 65 binders which make up the Leonard
Stringfield dictation notes collection have been moved from MUFON’s HQ at Lunken Airport
(Cincinnati, Ohio) to the new MUFON HQ located in Newport Beach, California.
       (Lunken Airport, previous site of the Leonard Stringfield collection)


MUFON research room in Cincinnati             Leonard Stringfield’s 3-ring binders


                  MUFON’s new HQ in Newport Beach, CA
   Leonard Stringfield was born in 1920, grew up in Cincinnati, Ohio, and graduated from high
school in 1939. Leonard accomplished his goal of memorizing the entire dictionary and even had
the title “Webster” assigned to his High School yearbook. He joined the 5th Air Force at Wright
Field (later Wright Patterson AFB) as soon as he heard about the attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941.
During World War II, he had a “Foo Fighter” sighting while flying in a C-47, which sparked his
interest in UFOs. During his final years in the military, he was involved in counter-intelligence
operations. After the war, Leonard was employed by DuBois Chemical in Ohio, where he
worked in the advertising department. He retired after 30 years with the title of Director of
Public Relations.
   Leonard founded CRIFO (Civilian Research Interplanetary Flying Objects) in 1952, which
was the first world-wide UFO newsletter at the time. He was a major participant in many of the
larger UFO organizations such as NICAP, MUFON, and CUFOS. He later wrote two books
which included: Inside Saucer Post 3-0 (1957), and Situation Red, The UFO Siege (1977). His
ground breaking lecture titled “Retrievals of the Third Kind” at the 1978 International MUFON
Symposium held in Dayton, Ohio caused a sensation and introduced the general public to the
possibility that UFOs may have crashed on Earth, and that their occupants might have been
recovered by elements of the United States government. He ultimately coined the term “UFO
Crash/Retrieval.” Between 1978 and 1994, Leonard published seven “status reports” which kept
readers informed regarding his on-going research. Leonard’s hobbies included: stamp collecting,
tropical fish and birds. Leonard died on December 18, 1994.


ATTENTION: If you (or someone you know) have had any first-hand experience dealing with
UFO crash/retrievals and the associated extraterrestrial bodies, please contact military aerospace
historian Michael Schratt or MUFON Executive Director Jan Harzan at the email address below.
Please help maintain an important part of our national history. Military pilots, test pilots,
engineers, security guards, WPAFB office personnel, Area 51 engineers, Lockheed Skunk
Works engineers, Northrop “Black Widow” group engineers, Boeing Phantom Works engineers,
classified military archivists/librarians, Edwards AFB engineers, government photo lab
personnel, “Blue Beret” personnel, medical personnel are encouraged to confidentially come
forward with their historic accounts at this time.


           Michael Schratt
           email: auroracad5@aol.com

           Jan Harzan
           email: exe.dir@mufon.com
               WORLD EXCLUSIVE
(Reference #1: New details emerge in Kingman UFO Retrieval case)


 (Illustration of the 1953 Kingman UFO retrieval by John MacNeill)


                                                                     1
       Illustration of the Kingman UFO before its “forced landing” by Michael Schratt

    Reference #1: Within the Stringfield dictation notes collection, there was a reference to
Leonard’s lecture which he gave at the International MUFON Symposium held in Dayton, Ohio
on July 29-30, 1978. As a part of his talk, Leonard highlighted the historic UFO crash/retrieval
case which occurred near Kingman, Arizona in 1953. Brand new copyrighted professional
research findings on this significant event have recently been revealed by author/historian Harry
Drew. Permission from Mr. Drew to include this information as part of Reference #1 has been
granted to this author. According to Drew, a UFO made a “forced landing” near Kingman
Arizona on May 18, 1953. A specially designated rapid response Air Force retrieval team was
on-site within two hours. It’s important to note that this event was not a crash but in point of fact,
a “forced landing,” and the craft was undamaged when it was found. News of this event never
made it into the local papers due to the security restrictions imposed by the military. In addition,
at the time of the event, Kingman was a very small town with a population of just 3,500 people.
There was essentially no television and few telephones. Kingman Army Airfield, which was a
depository for World War II surplus aircraft, closed during July of 1945, further reducing the
town’s population.


                                                                                                     2
 1952 GM Model 3301 bus used to transport scientists and engineers from Phoenix to Kingman

   Drew states that in addition to the initial Air Force retrieval team, a group of 40 people (15
specialists and 25 scientists) boarded a General Motors Model 3301 bus (with taped over
windows) in Phoenix, and made a four hour trip on dirt roads to the site where the craft had come
down. They were not allowed to talk during the trip and were told that they would be
investigating the downing of a secret experimental Air Force plane. They had previously been
flown into Phoenix from Indian Springs Army Airfield. Upon arrival at the site, each specialist
departed the bus “one at a time” according to their area of expertise. It had already turned dark
by the time they arrived on May 21. One particular specialist, Arthur Stansel, was specifically
selected due to his expertise in Operation “Upshot Knothole,” which dealt with nuclear weapons
tests during 1953. His specific job was to determine the rate of decent and forward speed of the
craft.


                                                                                               3
Drawing by Michael Schratt. Original sketch by Raymond Fowler via Arthur Stansel


                                                                                   4
    At the UFO landing area, the scientists and engineers were greeted by an incredible scene.
Twenty MPs were seen surrounding a disc shaped craft that had embedded itself 20 inches into
the soil (see illustration above). Apparently, it had accidently flown into a nearby high powered
experimental radar range and was forced down. It was resting at approximately a 15 degree
angle. The craft measured 30 feet in diameter and 14 feet high. It had a series of “slots” around
the outer circumference. Its outer surface had the appearance brushed aluminum. There was a
small hatch on the bottom side of the craft which measured 1.5 feet wide and 3.5 feet long. There
was one high powered military “light all” flood lamp positioned on either side of the craft. There
were also four “pyramidal” type Army tents nearby. According to Drew, four “humanoid
looking” beings had been found in perfect condition and were standing outside the craft when the
initial Air Force team arrived on May 18. Their eyes were slightly further apart than what might
be considered normal and they had somewhat pointed chins. They measured 4-1/2 to 5 feet tall.


          Kingman UFO retrieval M25 Tank transporter illustration by Jim Nichols


  Photos of an M25 Tank transporter, like one used to carry the Kingman UFO to Area 51
  In an attempt to recover the craft as soon as possible, an M25 “Dragon Wagon” tank
                                                                                                5
transporter was dispatched from Camp Irwin (located in the Mojave Desert in San Bernardino
County, California). Upon arrival, the recovery team had a difficult time placing the craft on the
trailer. For some unknown reason, the craft refused to sit upright. This may have been due to the
effects associated with the propulsion system of the craft. The team eventually built a small
“cradle” for the craft out of existing 8X8 timbers, and managed to place it on top of the trailer
(see illustration shown sitting level). As specifically stated by Harry Drew, the craft was then
transported to Area 51. In fact, according to Drew, “There is no Area 51 story without the
Kingman UFO retrieval.” Students of military aviation history will recall that Area 51 was
initially a CIA facility that was designed to support U2 Spyplane operations beginning in 1955
(two years prior to the Kingman retrieval). However, according to the late Col. Wendelle
Stevens, after World War II, Area 51, was a refueling station. In fact, according to Wikipedia, in
1942, “Groom Lake” was known as “Indian Springs Air Force Auxiliary Field” and consisted of
two 5,000 foot dirt runways. Therefore, there was a military presents at Area 51 prior to 1955.
This of course would have been the nearest secure remote location in relation to Kingman which
had no military presence in 1953. Apparently, military officials directing the recovery felt that
bringing the craft to Nellis AFB might compromise the retrieval operation.


 Was this type craft used to string a guide cable across the Colorado River in May of 1953?


                                                                                                 6
  Did a barge carrying a UFO slam into the North face of Hoover Dam during May of 1953?

   The following information regarding this historic case is provided by permission from Harry
Drew. According to Drew, the major hurdle to overcome was obviously crossing the Colorado
River. Driving an M25 Tank transporter with a flying saucer on top across the road at Hoover
Dam was out of the question. Therefore, military officials came up with a risky plan to tow the
saucer across the river at night. This involved driving the M25 transporter (with the saucer on
top) onto a barge and then using two floating personnel carriers to string a guide cable across the
river. Next, the barge would be connected to the cable, and pulled across the river.
Unfortunately, such an operation was difficult at best due to the fact that everything had to be
done at night. During the initial attempt, the guide cable somehow got loose, and the barge began
floating down the Colorado River. As incredible as it sounds, once the cable was re-attached, the
same thing happened again, and the barge carrying the M25 and saucer “slammed into the
Hoover Dam.” Eventually, the barge made it across and the M25 eventually arrived at Area 51.


                                                                                                  7
                      Reference #2: Alien movie seen by Challenger Astronaut


           Ellison Onizuka                                Challenger explosion


   Throughout the Stringfield collection, there were multiple reports of a TOP SECRET motion
picture film which allegedly depicted deceased alien corpses, which were placed on a slab.
Apparently, this particular film has “made the rounds” within military installations. As the
legend states, the film was shown to groups of military pilots in a briefing room setting without
any type of prior introduction. When the film was completed, the projector was immediately shut
off and no questions were allowed. Strangely, those who showed the film quickly carried on as
though “nothing had happened.” Was this an official attempt to “test the waters,” in an effort to
assess the reaction of military pilots to a possible extraterrestrial reality? One such military pilot,
who apparently claimed to have seen this historic film in 1973, was former NASA astronaut
Ellison Ozinuka. In Leonard’s addendum update for a report titled: The Chase for Proof in a
Squirrel’s Cage, the claim is made that Ellison remembered uttering aloud “Oh, my God”
immediately after seeing the film. Unfortunately, Ellison Onizuka was killed in the Challenger
explosion on January 28th, 1986 before researchers could approach him for an official interview.


                                                                                                      8
                        Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                   (Part 2)
                   Reference #3: UFO landing/ET contact at Holloman AFB


                                (Holloman AFB New Mexico)

  A package was received from researcher Lee Graham which contained a treasure trove of
documents released through the FOIA. These made specific references to the following projects:
MAJESTIC- 12, SIGMA, and AQUARIUS. The overall assessment of the material concluded
that the United States government had been in contact with aliens at least since the Truman
administration. In fact, later on, Project SIGMA dealt with alleged actual contact between
extraterrestrials and USAF personnel. Within ufology, this historic meeting is rumored to have
occurred at Holloman AFB on April 24, 1964. That first meeting lasted approximately three
hours and subsequent meetings have been held since that time. (Source: Leonard Stringfield
dictation notes May 28, 1987)


                                                                                             9
                   Reference #4: Acorn shaped UFO seen near Edwards AFB


                             (Kecksburg acorn shown for reference)

    A minor reference to a UFO which landed near Edwards AFB was also included in the
dictation notes (no name or date given). The source indicated that a small group walked up to the
craft, but were immediately threatened and commanded to leave as soon as the military arrived
on the scene. One individual who was smart enough to bring a camera, snapped a few photos of
the craft, but shortly thereafter had it smashed to the ground by military personnel. The source
indicated that the craft resembled the Kecksburg “thing.” He described it as “acorn shaped and
silver in color, with no seams doors or windows.” (Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes
March 24, 1991)


                                                                                               10
Could the so called “Nazi Bell” which was developed during WWII under the direction of SS
General Hans Kammler, be connected with the craft mentioned in reference #4?

               Reference #5: Flying Saucer seen in a hangar at Edwards AFB


                                 (Alien Reproduction Vehicle)

   Leonard received information from a “Class A” witness to a captured UFO. The witness who
was a pilot from California, was driving an official USAF security vehicle and was given
authorization to cut across the base (most likely Edwards AFB). Shortly thereafter, the witness
got lost and turned the vehicle in the direction of a group of hangars to ask for directions. He
noticed that one of the hangar doors was open, which revealed a large disc shaped craft with a
clear transparent dome on the top. Immediately, security guards charged the witness, circled his

                                                                                              11
vehicle, and told him to get his “ass out of there fast.” The alleged event took place during the
late 1960s. (Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes, January 19, 1987)
    Special note: This encounter is eerily similar to an event which is alleged to have taken place
at Edwards North Base complex in 1973. The witness, known as “KS” (who was working for the
Air Intelligence Agency), also cut across the base to retrieve a ground power unit and
inadvertently saw a disc shaped craft in a hangar with a dome on the top at Edward’s North Base
complex. This particular witness also worked as a crew chief for Bill Scott (former Rocky
Mountain editor of Aviation Week and Space Technology) during the same time-frame. Three
identical disc shaped craft (known as Alien Reproduction Vehicles) are also believed to have
been seen at Lockheed’s L-1011 hangar in Palmdale California, on November 12, 1988.


                             WORLD EXCLUSIVE
                        Reference #6: US Marine guards a Flying Saucer

   In a letter addressed to Leonard Stringfield by Michael B. Johnstone (dated August 22, 1986),
the claim is made that a certain individual known as “RB” (U.S. Marine at the time) guarded a
facility in December of 1963 that housed a recovered flying saucer. The entire letter and the
associated drawing/sketch have been reproduced in this report for the very first time.

   Dear Len,

   Received Status Report II and IV and I thank you. I had a very interesting encounter the day
after I received your books. Before I could set up a meeting with Colonel Wing, a client in my
recording studio, Ron Maxon picked up Status Report II, and thumbed through it. He then told
me that his life-long friend had stood guard around a UFO years ago while in the Marines. In
fact, he had snuck a photo of the craft which he, Maxon, had seen several times over the years.
To my dismay, Maxon, related how the photo along with other possessions were lost in a flood
three years ago in Pennsylvania.
   Photo or no, I thought the guy is still a 1st hand witness. Maxon told me the guy now lives in
Culver City California. I then asked Maxon to try and arrange a meeting. After several days and
prodding phone calls from me, I finally met the man. His name is “RB”. He is in his late 40’s,
and looks like a young Gerald Ford. He is married with four children and three grand children.
He’s kind of a free spirit, and an avid gardener, works odd jobs, writes bad poetry, butchers the
English language, plays chess, and makes homemade wine.
   He’s not really a UFO buff, but obviously knows they’re real, but accepts them as part of life.
But as far as UFO literature, he has never heard of Hynek or yourself, or the Condon Report etc.
He saw the movie version of the Hill abduction, he saw “Close Encounters”, and calls it
“beautiful” He saw “Hangar 18”, and said the gist of it is true, the fact that we have alien

                                                                                                 12
hardware and bodies, but the rest is fabrication. He is unaware of any other stories such as his
own (as in your papers). He was in the Marines from 1960 to 1966. His M.O.S. was “weapons
Tech”, or something close to that, and was some sort of Sergeant at the time of the incident. He
saw action in Jordan and the Dominican Republic, and taught weapons at Quantico. For two
weeks in December of 1963, he was the guard, or one of the guards in charge of security for a
large metal building on an undisclosed military base. The building housed a craft of a type
unknown to him. It was a disc shaped vehicle, with an ovoid cross section, totally symmetrical,
approximately 40 feet across, and 15 feet at the center. It was silver in color, with a polished
aluminum appearance. The craft was totally seamless, except for hatch-like seams on the lower
part of the craft which were so well fitted, that “you couldn’t get a razor blade in the crack”.
What appeared to be windows circled the edge of the craft which had the appearance of smoked
glass with approximately one foot of space between the windows. RB: “you couldn’t see in them
even if you got right up close to them”. The craft had no landing gear, no fins, no exhaust ports,
and no protrusions of any kind.

    As we talked, “RB” drew me a detailed sketch of the craft, and then doodled all over the
sketch as we talked for hours. I have reproduced the sketch and include it with this letter. “RB”
witnessed, over the two week period, a technical crew working on the craft trying to gain entry.
He witnessed attempted drilling and cutting with torches on the areas of the craft indicated in the
sketch. RB: “metal got hot under the torch, but when it cooled, you could wipe off the soot, and
the surface remained clean and undamaged”. The same affect was observed when they tried to
drill or burn into the lower right hand part of the “window” above and to the left of the “hatch”.
“RB” also claims to have witnessed an attempt to cut into the craft with a high-powered laser
device powered by two semi-trailer sized generator vans parked outside the building. This was
ineffective as well, because the laser deflected off the curved side of the craft up into the rafters
of the building, doing some damage (no people were hurt). This incident resembles the one
depicted in the movie “Hangar 18”, in which a laser-like ray is accidently fired from the
spacecraft itself by a technician working inside the craft. One wonders where the authors of the
story got their information.
    One day, “RB” came on duty to find the craft off of its blocks, and sitting on a flat-bed trailer
with men putting a tarp over it. Later that day, it was driven away. “RB” was told: “you saw
nothing”. He said he heard it was being shuttled from base to base for security reasons. I guess
too long in one place might allow time for rumors to develop. As far as bodies are concerned,
“RB” saw none, but knows of several other Crash/Retrieval’s second hand, including one where
they pulled three bodies out of it. I believe he said he saw documents on the bodies, and another
crash, but when I pressed for details, he got real vague. He did say that the three bodies were 39”
tall, and had no thumbs. He also said “we’ve got quite a few craft and bodies now”. He’s heard
of an underground base in a Western state which he couldn’t or wouldn’t name where the craft
he guarded is now kept. The base is known by its map grid co-ordinates, and features sliding
panels covered with vegetation that reveal heli-pads which lower into the ground like aircraft
carrier elevators.

                                                                                                   13
    Upon his discharge from the Marines, he was made to sign a security oath that threatened 10
years, and $10,000 if he talked. Other things we talked about were the morality of going public
with this whole story. He doesn’t think the world would freak out. He feels just the opposite. He
says “there’s a certain amount of people who, if the thing was on display down the street, would
still rather stay home and watch football”. When I mentioned the supposed Ford/and/or/Carter
announcement, “RB” said “Oh yeah Carter, they shut him up”. Since these things happened long
after his discharge, I believe he may still be in contact with someone close to the action.
    I asked him if he knew or had heard any information on what, if anything, we had learned
technically from studying the craft over all these years. RB: “what have they learned? Not
much”. Parts of “RB’s” story certainly jibe with other things I’ve read in your monographs and
elsewhere. Like I’ve said, he’s totally uninformed of your writings, CAUS and the like, which I
withheld knowledge of while he told me his tale. When I’d heard enough, I pulled out a copy of
the “Roswell Incident”, and Status Reports II and III, along with a video cassette of “UFO’s
what’s going on?” and left them for him to go through. He seemed eager to check them out.
Hopefully, he can shed some light on some of the other cases or point out the one he was
involved in without technically incriminating himself. Such corroboration may divulge facts that
he currently refuses to impart, such as the name of the military base where his incident occurred.
He seems to know more about other C/R’s than he is currently willing to say.
    His wife, along with his daughter, vouched for the reality of the lost photo, and the accuracy
of the sketch. His wife is fascinated by the whole subject. The night we met and talked, she
seemed more into it than he was. If I can cultivate a friendship with her, she may be able to
provide more details. For instance, he, at first, would only tell me “early 60’s”, but she was able
to wheedle out of him the year and month as we all sat there. He also said he didn’t know if the
craft had just recently been found, or if they had had it for years. I got the feeling though that it
may have been a fresh C/R. For one thing, why wait years before trying to gain entry to the
thing? Possible corroboration with other sources may yield the answer. He may agree to talk to
you directly once he has read your stuff, but I haven’t asked him yet. I thought I’d wait and let
him digest a few things first. If there are any questions I could answer, I can be reached at (phone
number confidential).

                      Hope you find this interesting,

                                                        Signed, Michael Johnstone


                                                                                                  14
                (Illustration of 1963 Marine UFO encounter by John MacNeill)

    New details emerge in 1963 Marine UFO encounter: Further research by this historian has
turned up additional information regarding this historic case. Multiple telephone conversations
with Michael Johnstone, who actually interviewed “RB,” have revealed the true configuration of
the UFO which was guarded by a Marine in 1963 at an undisclosed location. The actual profile
of the craft was much “fatter” than previously thought, and almost “hamburger” shaped.
According to Johnstone, “RB” boarded a plane (with no windows), and was flown three hours
from Cherry Point, North Carolina Marine Corps Air Station (MCAS) to a location that he would
not reveal (well within range of MacDill AFB or Wright Patterson AFB). There exists the
possibility that “RB” was flown somewhere outside the United States. Once there, he was told to
guard a disc shaped craft that measured approximately 40 feet in diameter. There were at least
two other guards on duty in the hangar/facility as well. The craft was elevated five feet above the
ground and was completely surrounded with aircraft scaffolding (see illustration above).


                                                                                                15
   Newly released documents from Michael Johnstone indicate that the Marine was actually a
Corporal who possessed what was known as an “interim Top Secret security clearance.” During
his career in the military, he guarded a significant amount of R.E.U.W. material (specifically
having to do with nuclear weapons). There were also seven guards of his type at the base. During
the two week time period that he was guarding the craft, he overheard two civilian scientists
talking about “aliens” in coded jargon. It was at this time that he began to put the pieces together
and he finally realized that this particular vehicle was probably not “one of ours.” Within the
facility where the craft was being stored, there were “color coded” security areas with
corresponding color coded badges. For example, a green badge allowed scientists and engineers
to access only one portion of the craft. A yellow badge provided access to other areas of the
craft. A red badge provided total access. According to Johnstone, there were still many things
that “RB” could not discuss.


                                                                                                 16
   A white circle was taped to the floor which surrounded the craft. Michael Johnstone stated
that “RB” told him that even Air Force generals could not cross this perimeter circle. In fact, at
one point, “RB” had to personally stop the Secretary of the Navy from crossing the line. The
craft had an interesting one inch “lip” near the edges of the windows (see illustration). In
addition, “RB” stated that the lighting in the facility where the craft was being stored was bright
enough that he didn’t need a flash when he secretly snapped a photo using a small German
pocket camera. Unfortunately, this photo which may have helped to end the “Cosmic
Watergate,” was lost in a flood years after the incident. However, efforts are being made to
locate “RB” through one of Michael Johnstone’s business associates and any additional details
will be published in future installments of Retrievals of the Third Kind.


                                                                                                  17
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                      (Part 3)
                       Reference #7: Alien movie seen at Naval Air Station


      Was an alien movie shown at the New Brunswick Maine Naval Air Station in 1956?

    New details emerge in “alien movie” (refer to Part 1). Leonard received a letter from Joan
Jeffers dated February 6, 1979. Joan stated that she knew a retired Air Force colonel, who
enlisted in the early 1940s, and retired around 1970. When stationed at an Air Force radar facility
in the state of Maine, the primary eyewitness stated that he was required to attend weekly
“Commander’s call” briefings. During one of these briefings (apparently in 1956), the men
attending were shown a film which was “shot by the USAF” (no further production credits
given). According to the informant, the man in charge of showing this film was a Major Lester
Goldberg. The film showed a circular, metal, silver colored disc on the ground. The interior of
the craft was well lit, which was composed of smooth walls. Then, the scene shifted to show at
least three bodies lying on tables. The beings were short and they all looked similar in
appearance. None of the beings had any external ears or hair. All appeared to be dead.
    The primary eyewitness described them as “ashen or gray” in color. They had four fingers,
but no opposing thumb. They wore “pale green or yellow” clothing (exact description not given).
The colonel also stated that the men attending the movie were given absolutely no details before,
during or after the showing. He stated that all material presented at these meetings was
considered military business and not to be discussed. According to the colonel, these particular
men were shown this movie because “a UFO we were tracking had crashed.” Source: Leonard
Stringfield dictation notes collection.


                                                                                                18
                       Reference #8: UFO shot down over South America

   Leonard said that he was working on getting information regarding the alleged downing of a
UFO by South American military forces with a high powered laser (no date given). Allegedly,
two aliens were recovered alive and shipped to Wright-Patterson AFB. Source: Leonard
Stringfield dictation notes January 12, 1990.

                             Reference #9: UFO crash in Mexico


The fantastic reference book Majic Eyes Only by Ryan Wood details 75 alleged UFO
Crash/Retrieval accounts.

    On file in the Stringfield collection to the Mexican Embassy dated January 12, 1979. In the
letter, Bryant highlights the 1950 case when military police from Carswell Air Force Base,
Texas, participated in the recovery of an alleged extraterrestrial spacecraft and its crew which
had crashed on the Mexican side of the border with United States. Apparently, Mexican officials
entered into an agreement with U.S. officials not to interfere with the recovery operations on the
premise that the vehicle was of conventional, earthly origin. Bryant also highlighted the
possibility that Mexican officials were “duped” into thinking that this was a conventional man-
made craft, which therefore merited no further interest on the part of the Mexican government.
This is perhaps just another example of the government’s official policy regarding matters
dealing with classified UFO crash/retrieval operations: “lie, deny, and deceive.” Additional
information on this interesting case may be found in Ryan Wood’s excellent publication: MAJIC
EYES ONLY.


                                                                                                19
                   Reference #10: Alien bodies and ET craft seen at WPAFB


Wright-Patterson AFB (Dayton, Ohio). The infamous site of so many stories of crashed discs and
recovered alien bodies. Are any of them true?

   Leonard made contact with an informant he called “W.P.” who stated that he had “papers” in
his attic specifically referring to alien bodies and an extraterrestrial craft which was being kept at
Wright-Patterson AFB. He also stated the following: “I have seen one (ET body)…..about 1954
at Wright-Patterson AFB.” The body was approximately four feet tall, and was being stored in a
round glass container. This military eyewitness also claimed to have seen a craft which was
estimated to be 20 feet in diameter. His testimony has been reproduced here for the very first
time. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection.


                   (Alleged alien body storage morgue at Wright-Patterson AFB)

                                                                                                    20
What did John F. Kennedy know about UFO crash/retrievals? Did he tell Marilyn Monroe UFO
secrets “beneath the sheets?” A recently acquired alleged CIA memo dated August 3, 1962,
indicates that President Kennedy made a visit to a secret air-base for the purpose of “inspecting
things from outer space.” The memo also makes reference to crashed spacecraft and dead bodies.


                              Recovered craft at Wright Patterson AFB
                                (Illustration by Michael Schratt)


                                                                                              21
                        Alleged alien morgue at Wright-Patterson AFB

    “As an officer, I followed instructions, and put it out of my mind as I was told to do. I never
kept up with the subject since leaving, but since reading your book, my interest is more than
stirred up. I know the seriousness of the situation, since way back in the 1950’s. I had to sign so
many damn papers, you wouldn’t believe it. They took it damned seriously. I know of a man ---
a non military man, who accidentally became involved in a retrieval operation. He came to
WPAFB, and then he and his whole family “vanished”. We think they were transferred out of the
country, living in Europe under an assumed name. The CIA had to be involved with such severe
treatment. Len, it’s a wonder that you’re alive doing what you’re doing. I missed a good chance
years ago, because I was a close friend of Jack Kennedy. I could have asked him about the
subject on numerous occasions. I’m sure he would have said something….one way or another.”
Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes February 8, 1979


                                                                                                22
                              AUTHOR’S SPECIAL NOTE


President John F. Kennedy visits the grave of Lieutenant James Forrestal at Arlington National
Cemetery on May 30, 1963. Photo Credit: JFK library.

    Exactly what did JFK know about the overall UFO situation? Was he told UFO/alien related
secrets by his good friend U.S Navy Secretary James Forrestal (alleged original member of MJ-
12). According to the recently published book Kennedy’s Last Stand by researcher Michael
Salla, the answer appears to be a resounding “yes.” Due to his father’s multiple contacts within
the world of politics, finance and the military, Joseph Kennedy was successful in “pulling the
strings” for his son John which eventually landed him a position within Naval intelligence. After
Joe Kennedy “greased the skids” for his son in 1941, JFK was now in a position to come into the
close personal confidence of James Forrestal who served as Secretary of the Navy from 1944-
1947. Students of ufology will recall that James Forestall was killed on May 22, 1949 after he
allegedly committed suicide by jumping out of the 16th floor window of the Bethesda Naval
Hospital. Was he murdered due to a “conflict of interest” between the other members of MJ-12?
Was Secretary James Forrestal the first victim of the powerful UFO cover-up?


                                                                                                 23
                            Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                      (Part 4)
                           Reference #11: Gordon Cooper revelations


               Astronaut Gordon Cooper                          Merv Griffin

     The Stringfield collection contained an article titled “THE GREAT UFO COVERUP,”
written by Timothy Green Beckley. Some of the points of this article are certainly worth
highlighting in this installment of Retrievals of the Third Kind. According to the article, former
astronaut Gordon Cooper made an appearance on the Merv Griffin show on March 27, 1978.
During the interview, Cooper made some rather shocking comments that rattled the live
audience. The next day, phone lines were jammed as many across the nation tried to contact the
producers of the show for further details. Towards the end of the interview, Merv directed the
following statement to the former astronaut: “There is a story going around, Gordon, that a
spaceship did land in middle America, and there were occupants, and members of our
government were able to keep one of the occupants alive for a period of time. They’ve seen the
metal of the aircraft and they know what the people look like – is that a credible story?”
Expecting a joking reply, Cooper answered the question with the following statement: “I think
it’s fairly credible. I would like to see the time when all qualified people not trying to make a
dollar selling some weird stories could really work together to properly investigate these stories
and either refute or prove them.” Later in the show, Merv asked Cooper the following question:
“Do you believe that UFOs are coming to earth, or have come to earth in the past?” Cooper
replied: “I believe they have, and are on a regular basis.”


                                                                                                 24
    However, there were some things during the interview that even he wouldn’t discuss on the
air. Fortunately, UFO researcher Lee Spiegel developed a friendship with Cooper and got him to
open up about what he knew. According to Spiegel: “Cooper admitted to me that he could have
revealed more on the air, but he decided not to reveal his entire hand because he felt certain that
some ‘official eyebrows were going to get raised.’ He further indicated that he has several
friends who were involved in the episode, and knew much more than he did about the
extraterrestrials that had been found inside this crashed UFO.”


              Gordon Cooper’s attempted UFO intercept over West Germany in 1951
                               (Illustration by John MacNeill)


                                                                                                 25
   Spiegel was also successful in getting Cooper to discuss his other UFO related experiences.
During the early 1950s, Cooper was assigned to a fighter group in Germany. He clearly
remembered the week when an entire formation of disc shaped craft passed the air base on an
almost daily schedule. Cooper continues: “The first day, a weatherman spotted some strange
objects flying at high altitude and, before long, the entire fighter group was out looking at these
groups of objects coming over.” However, according to Cooper, “unlike fighters, they would
stop in their forward velocity and change 90 degrees, sometimes in the middle of their flight
path.” Within days, Cooper and his fellow pilots tried desperately to intercept these strange
unknown craft, which were flying far too high and far too fast for their vintage 1950’s F-84 and
F-86 jet fighters. Obviously, the UFOs could out maneuver all American fighter aircraft. Cooper
continues again: “We never could get close enough to pin them down, but they were round in
shape and very metallic-looking.”


     Edwards AFB, site of a UFO landing case which was filmed by USAF personnel in 1957

     However, years later, Cooper would have another amazing UFO related experience when he
was assigned to Edwards AFB in 1957. What happened on a sunny afternoon when he was on
duty is clear evidence that the United States government definitely keeps UFO related secrets
from the American public and the world. Even after 56 years, the photographic evidence of this
case remains “under wraps.” During the time of the incident, Cooper was project manager at
Edwards. After Lunch, Cooper assigned a group of photographers to a remote portion of the
base. The photographers were equipped with motion picture film cameras and were there to
record precision landings. Cooper described what the cameramen witnessed: “while the crew
was out there, they spotted a strange looking craft above the lake bed and began taking films of
it.” The craft was according to Cooper, “hovering above the ground, and then it slowly came
down and sat on the lake bed for a few minutes.” Throughout the entire duration of this
encounter, the movie cameras were running.

                                                                                                 26
                                 (Illustration by John MacNeill)


       “There were varied estimates by the cameramen on what the actual size of the object was,”
Cooper continued, “but they all agreed that it was at least the size of a vehicle that would carry
normal-sized people in it.” Further statements from Cooper regarding this incident indicate that
the craft was approximately 30 feet in diameter, shiny silver in color, and it extended three
landing gear legs before touching down on the lake bed. The camera crew got within 20 yards
from the craft before it departed. Unfortunately, Gordon Cooper was not outside at the base to
actually see the craft himself, but he did see the motion picture films as soon as they were
developed. “It was a typical shaped UFO,” he recollects. “Not too many people saw it, because it
took off at quite a sharp angle and just climbed straight on out of sight.” Apparently, Cooper did
not initiate an investigation to determine how many people on base actually saw the craft. This
was because, according to Cooper, UFOs frequently paid visits to the base.

                                                                                               27
   After he had reviewed the film at least a dozen times, the footage was placed in a pouch and
sent to Washington, D.C. (never to be seen again). After a few weeks, Cooper expected to get a
reply from Washington regarding what the cameramen had filmed……none ever came. Cooper
relates: “I’m sure there is a great deal of information up in Washington, if only somebody could
just find it.” In the same article, movie producer Peter Kares claims that one of his contacts, who
was an ex-Air Force pilot, stated that he was present at the scene, when a UFO was carried away.
He was later harassed because he refused to sign a pledge stating that he would never talk about
what he had inadvertently seen. Others have also run across pieces of the UFO crash/retrieval
puzzle. Within the same article, UFO investigator Charles Wilhelm stated that he talked to an
electronics expert who was in the Army in the mid-1950s. The witness claims that he was flown
to Ft. Monmouth, New Jersey to observe a special film. According to Wilhelm, “his job was to
analyze from the film anything that he could define from his experience in radar technology.
After arriving at the base, he was escorted to a guarded building where the film was going to be
shown. When he arrived, there were already nine others, plus a Major who was setting up the
projector. Before the film, all those in attendance were told to take notes and, when the film was
over, never to discuss what they had seen with each other or with anyone else. He even signed
papers to that effect afterwards. The film began by showing a strange, disc-shaped object with
two guards, one on each side of the craft. The ship was sitting on two large blocks and the
technician estimated the craft to be 15 to 18 feet in diameter. Its surface was smooth, except for
some tool marks around the door entrance. A ramp extended to the ground. The UFO was either
silver or light gray in color.”
    Next, the interior of the craft was slowly shown. “There were no meters, no radar screens, no
buttons and no windows of any kind. The only details he was able to see, were some type of
levers that looked like sticks. The interior was decorated with light pastel colors.” Then, the
camera panned outside and off to the right. According to Wilhelm’s informant, “there was a table
with three small bodies laid out. The film showed the bodies up close for about five minutes.
They were approximately five feet tall, their heads were larger than ours, their fingers were
longer than a human’s, their noses were sharper, their ears longer, eyes were closed but looked
Oriental, and their body color was ash-looking. They were all dressed alike, in uniforms of
yellow with black trimming. Their skin looked quite wrinkled, as though they had been quite
old.” Charles Wilhelm insisted that the man who told him this story was absolutely telling the
truth. The military contact stated that when the film was over, many who attended the screening
had multiple questions. However, the major refused to provide any details, only stating that the
craft was found in New Mexico. Author’s special note: This is now at least the third reference to
an unusual film being shown to military personnel which depicted a strange circular shaped craft,
with alleged extraterrestrial bodies. It is not known if this is the same film which was shown to
multiple eyewitnesses or if there were actually three different films. Source: Leonard Stringfield
collection.


                                                                                                28
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                      (Part 5)
              Reference #12: Jackie Gleason’s alien encounter at Homestead AFB


             Homestead AFB (Florida)                       comedian Jackie Gleason

   Leonard received a letter from an airman based at Homestead AFB (Florida). According to
the airman, he saw a “craft” in one of the hangars at the base (sometime around January of
1979). Source: Leonard Stringfield correspondence notes February 8, 1979. Special Note:
Actor/comedian Jackie Gleason is alleged to have seen debris from a UFO crash retrieval and at
least four bodies at Homestead AFB on February 19, 1973. Was Homestead AFB a repository
for crashed UFOs, and their associated occupants? Sources available to document the
authenticity of the alleged Gleason encounter with “aliens” at Homestead AFB have always been
dubious at best (with the exception of his ex-wife Beverly McKittrick). The National Enquirer
proclaimed on August 16, 1983: “Jackie Gleason saw bodies of space aliens at Air Force base.”
According to the Enquirer article, Jackie and former president Richard Nixon were at a charity
golf outing on the afternoon of February 19, 1973 (at least this portion of the account has been
positively confirmed, see photo below).


                                                                                              29
                   Jackie Gleason and President Nixon at charity golf outing

    Somewhere around the 9th hole, the subject of UFOs came up (it was well known that
Gleason maintained an extensive library of metaphysical related books). Indeed, he was
fascinated by the subject. In fact, his $800,000 specially designed home located in Peekskill NY
was even shaped like a flying saucer which he called “The Round House.” Later that evening,
President Nixon is rumored to have showed up at Gleason’s home without any type of secret
service escort. Next, Nixon drove Jackie to a remote building on the far end of Homestead AFB.
Under the escort of a heavily armed military guard, Gleason was treated to a tour of a secret
repository, and shown debris from what was believed to be a UFO crash/retrieval, which was
being kept inside a large room. Gleason also mentioned that he saw what looked like six “glass
topped Coke freezers” with small “child-like” beings inside, which measured approximately two
feet tall. According to Jackie, “They must have been dead for some time, because they’d been
embalmed.”
    A few of the other freezers contained the mangled remains of figures that looked much older,
who were obviously involved in some type of accident. It’s unknown if these bodies originated
from the famous “Roswell incident,” which occurred during July of 1947, or a later
crash/retrieval. After arriving back home around 11:30 PM, Gleason who was visibly disturbed,
threw himself on an armchair in the living room and was never the same man again. These
details were to be released in an upcoming biography by Gleason’s ex-wife Beverly McKittrick
titled “The Great One.” Unfortunately, that book was never published and the so called “Gleason
alien encounter at Homestead AFB” has remained an unconfirmed rumor within the field of
ufology.

                                                                                              30
Did comedian Jackie Gleason actually view dead aliens at Homestead AFB in 1973?
                           (Illustration by John MacNeill)


                                  Vintage Coke freezer
                                                                                  31
     In an effort to “set the record straight,” UFO researcher Larry Bryant of Citizens Against
UFO Secrecy, sent a draft affidavit to Gleason in hopes that he would either confirm or deny the
incident. His request was never answered. Bryant also filed a Freedom of Information Act
request to Homestead AFB, asking for any documents or records pertaining to Gleason’s alleged
visit to the base in 1973. He received a “no records” response from the base historian. In a final
attempt to confirm Gleason’s account, Bryant took matters into his own hands and tried to place
an ad in the Homestead base newspaper asking for information from personnel about the alleged
incident. However, Homestead’s public affairs officer denounced the ad, and prohibited its
publication. Bryant later won a consent judgment on April 15, 1987, which barred the military
from further interfering with his ad submission.


     Did the “Great One” see something at Homestead AFB that changed his life forever?
                              (Illustration by John MacNeill)


                                                                                                32
                             USAF General Lawrence E. Boese

   Years earlier on August 30, 1983, Leonard Stringfield also wrote a letter to Jackie Gleason in
an effort to gain confirmation of the alleged encounter. Stringfield never received a reply.
Michael Schratt personally contacted Lieutenant General Lawrence E. Boese on October 7, 2013
and spoke to him over the phone. General Boese was stationed at Homestead AFB from
December 1972 to April 1973, as assistant chief, standardization evaluation division, F-4E, 31st
Tactical Fighter Wing, Tactical Air Command. The general had “no knowledge” of the alleged
event, and definitely would have been in a position to know. In fact, he stated that he never even
heard rumors from fellow F-4 Phantom pilots at the base regarding the incident. It’s the
assessment of this researcher that the general was being totally honest and had nothing to hide.
Truth be told, this doesn’t mean that Jackie Gleason’s encounter with “aliens” didn’t actually
happen. However, given the available sources, it cannot be confirmed at this time.


                  (Jackie Gleason’s “Round House” home located in Peekskill NY)


                                                                                                33
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                      (Part 6)
                            Reference #13: UFO retrieval at Ft Riley


    Special note: The following case is unconfirmed, unverified, and may be a complete
fabrication. On June 19, 1978 Leonard received a hand written letter from Aaron Kaback who
claimed that he guarded a flying saucer near Fort Riley, Kansas on December 10, 1965.
According to Mr. Kaback (U.S. Army retired), he had been on guard duty when the duty officer
arrived at his location around 2:00 AM and ordered him into his jeep. He was then driven to a
remote area on the base, where he met three other enlisted men who had also been pulled from
their posts. Then, the four men boarded a five ton military truck which was parked next to a
field near Camp Forsyth (associated with Ft. Riley). They drove for approximately ten minutes
and came upon an area where three officers were standing in the back of another five ton truck.
Then, all of the officers were given a full clip of M-14 ammo and were told in no uncertain terms
never to discuss the object they were about to guard.


                                                                                              34
Illustration of the Fort Riley UFO based from the testimony of Aaron Kaback


                                                                              35
    After about a ten minute hike, the group came to an area where a large circular object was
resting. There was a U.S. Army UH-1 helicopter circling above the craft with a powerful beam
of light shining down. The object was approximately 48 feet in diameter and 18 feet high (see
drawing). It was shaped like two “hamburger buns” placed together. Around the outer
circumference of the vehicle, there appeared to be a black band of squares that protruded
outward approximately ten inches. Near one end of the craft, there was a “fin,” which ran all the
way to the top of the craft with a circular shaped “exhaust port” at the back. It’s unknown if this
opening was specifically associated with the propulsion system of the craft or if it served another
purpose.
    Apparently, the object impacted the ground at a relatively low rate of speed and was resting at
a slight angle. According to Mr. Kaback, the craft looked like it had crashed. Mr. Kaback was
then asked for his I.D. and was given a direct order by a Major General to patrol the grounded
craft and to “shoot anyone who tried to force their way near it.” While he was guarding the craft,
he walked close enough to it to strike it with his riffle. He described it as making “no sound, no
vibrations, no light, just dead.” During his guard duty, a five-ton truck pulled up to the scene, but
he left the area after his duty was up and never saw what role the truck may have played in the
recovery operation. Mr. Kaback stated that he never saw any bodies associated with the craft.
    During his two hours on the scene, he could tell that the craft had a metallic outer appearance
and he noticed that when he got closer to it, the air felt noticeably warmer. He also noticed two
men which were going over the outside of the craft with what looked like a huge metal detecting
device. Subsequent efforts by members of CAUS (Citizens Against UFO Secrecy) failed to
authenticate the case. In addition, since only one witness has come forward, there has been no
way to corroborate the testimony of Aaron Kaback. Finally, Kaback’s superior, retired U.S.
Army General Johnathon O. Seaman, was contacted and mentioned that he had “no recollection”
of the event. Until further confirmation or evidence is brought forth, the “Fort Riley Kansas
UFO crash/retrieval” must remain in the so called “gray basket.”


           (Map of Camp Forsyth, site of the alleged Ft. Riley, KS UFO crash/retrieval)

                                                                                                  36
   Special update: A possible second source to confirm the Ft. Riley UFO retrieval was found
within the Stringfield collection. In a letter to Stringfield dated November 17, 1978 from Ron (no
last name given), the claim is made that this individual was stationed at a section of Fort Riley
known as Camp Funston on December 11, 1964. There appears to be a bit of confusion regarding
the exact year of the incident (Aaron Kaback insists that it occurred in 1965). At approximately
8:00 AM, Ron drove to the main post area of the Fort to pick up the mail. Unfortunately, the
postal clerk informed him that the mail would not be sorted until 10:00 or 11:00 that morning.


                              (Biological warfare suit and mask)


                                (U.S. Army M123 tractor/trailer)


                                                                                               37
    With time to kill, Ron decided to drive around in his jeep and go exploring. Next, he drove for
approximately an hour towards Camp Forsyth until he arrived at a paved road. Travelling down
the road, he encountered a barricade with a sign that read “RESTRICED AREA NO
UNAUTHORIZED VEHICLES BEYOND THIS POINT.” Since there were no guards posted at
the sign, he proceeded further. When he reached the crest of a nearby hill, he was greeted by two
MPs with their riffles pointed directly at him. Ron was then told to leave at once. However,
before he quickly left the scene, he could see a very large flat-bed truck parked 60 feet behind
the two MPs. Around the truck, were men that were wearing what appeared to be white
biological/germ warfare suits. The face portion was covered with a gas mask, which fit over a
hood. On the trailer, there was an object which was covered by a tarp that took up the entire load
area. It was secured with heavy gauge chains. Multiple accounts of UFOs being
retrieved/transported with a military type flat-bed truck turn up in the Roswell case of July 1947,
the Kingman, AZ case of 1953 (M-25 tank transporter), the Kecksburg, PA case of 1965, and
many others. The prime mover for the U.S. ARMY in 1965 was the M123 10-ton military heavy
haul tractor/trailer (pictured above), and may have been the same type used in the Ft. Riley
retrieval. Ron’s description of a large round object closely matches that of Aaron Kaback and is
most likely the same craft due to the time and location of the two alleged incidents.

SPECIAL UPDATE:

   Leonard received a call from Aaron Kaback who placed an ad in a local newspaper in an
effort to identify other military or civilian witnesses who could provide further support to his
claims. The ad produced two corroborative witnesses:

   1) A man who works at China Lake Weapons Testing Center in California stated the
      following: “Yes, it did happen.” He was on the base (presumably Ft. Riley) when he was
      stopped by MPs who had the road barricaded. They stopped him to let a truck which was
      attached to a flat-bed trailer pass by. The witness stated that upon the trailer was a large
      round object which was covered with a tarp.

   2) Another witness was travelling through the area from Topeka to Salina, Kansas in 1964
      around 2:00 AM. He stated that he was pulled off to the side of the road to let a convoy
      pass through. In the middle of the convoy was a flat-bed truck which was carrying a large
      circular shaped object which was concealed by a tarp. The fact that this witness saw a
      craft which resembled the one described by Aaron Kaback a full year earlier, indicates
      that this vehicle may have been “test flown” from a different location earlier than Mr.
      Kaback realized.


                                                                                                   38
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                      (Part 7)
                       Reference #14: UFO encountered by the USS FDR


                            U.S.S FDR Illustration by Michael Schratt

    Late in 1958, a startling event took place involving a cigar shaped UFO and the Midway class
aircraft carrier U.S.S. Franklin D. Roosevelt (CVA-42), off Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The event
took place on a shake-down cruise. This report originated from Chester Grusinski, who was one
of the original naval officers on-board the carrier when the event occurred. Grusinski was
assigned to the FDR during July of 1958. He worked on the “repair” detail. Around 9:00 PM, a
significant commotion began to spread below decks. Chester was three to five decks below the
flight deck drinking coffee when the encounter took place. Suddenly, naval personnel began
rushing up the ladder to the flight deck. Once “top side” at least 25 eyewitnesses reported seeing
a small light which appeared to be following the ship, and approach the carrier at an incredible
speed. The strange craft made no sound whatsoever and maneuvered unlike any known aircraft.
As the strange object descended to within approximately 100 feet above the flight deck, its cigar
shaped appearance was now clearly visible (see illustration above depicted in a daytime setting
for clarity).


                                                                                                39
             Enlargement of cigar shaped craft. Illustration by Michael Schratt

       The craft had a row of lighted widows running along its length and a number of “figures”
could be seen who were observing the officers on the flight deck below. The “figures” were
visible due to the fact that they were back-lit from the inside of the craft. In fact, one of the
humanoid looking beings actually seemed to be leaning on his arm (forearm at forehead height)
against the window (see original sketch). Many of the witnesses reported seeing what looked like
heat distortion waves coming from the craft and they recalled feeling a warm sensation on their
faces. The outside air temperature was 70-80 degrees at the time of the encounter. As the
unknown craft departed, it turned a red-orange color and rose vertically at a high rate of speed. In
fact, the faster it went, the brighter it appeared. The entire sighting lasted between two and five
minutes. During the sighting, the intercom was “screaming” for the officer of the deck to get up
to the bridge. The executive officer of the ship during the time of the incident was Charles L.
Burbage who denied any knowledge of the incident. According to Grusinski, immediately after
the incident, a number of high-ranking Naval, Air Force, and Marine brass boarded the ship. It’s
unknown if this was specifically for the purpose of silencing witnesses or even altering the ships
logs.


                                                                                                 40
     (Original sketch by U.S. Navy retired Chester Grusinski of USS FDR UFO encounter)

      In an official effort by the United States Navy to bury this event, most of the eyewitnesses
were quickly transferred off the FDR. An interesting historical note to this case included in the
original report indicated that this was not the first encounter that the U.S.S. F.D.R. had with
UFOs. Indeed, during “Operation Mainbrace” in 1952, photos of a UFO were taken from the
deck of the ship. Two additional sightings involving the ship occurred in 1956 while it was at
anchor in the port of Rio de Janeiro. A final sighting took place in 1973. One possible
explanation as to why the F.D.R. had so many sightings may be due to the fact that it was the
first aircraft carrier allowed to carry nuclear weapons on a full time basis. The fact that there
were multiple eyewitnesses and that the object was tracked by the ship’s radar, make this one of
the strongest cases in ufology. In an effort to obtain further documentation regarding the event,
Mr. Grusinski requested the official deck log-books from the time period 1958-1959. It’s
unknown if he was successful accessing the files. In addition, requests for any official UFO
entries in the ship’s logs by researchers Larry Bryant and Peter Gersten during the time in
question were met with a “no records” response by the Department of the Navy. According to
Chester, “The Navy did a real good cover-up job on this.” Source: Leonard Stringfield
collection.

                                                                                                 41
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                      (Part 8)
                          Reference #15: The secret alien autopsy files


           Are there TOP SECRET alien autopsy files hiding somewhere in Indiana?

   Leonard spoke with Charles Tucker who stated that he had a friend who is an osteopathic
surgeon, who accidentally stumbled across some TOP SECRET information inside a university
hospital in Indiana. The material was dated 1966-1968, and referred to remains being shipped to
the medical complex for autopsy. Apparently, this collection consisted of multiple filing
cabinets, which must have been stored at a secure location at the hospital. The files were marked
“autopsy,” and coded “X-66” and “X-67.” The corners of the files were marked “Wright
Patterson.” Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection January 16, 1979


                                                                                               42
                    Reference #16: The Top Secret UFO crypto message


                                 (Vintage 1940’s cryptomachine)

    Leonard received another crash/retrieval source from someone known as “Deuley.”
According to Deuley, he had a contact at the NSA who received a “crypto message” from
somewhere in the southwest back in 1948. The message was directed to the White House and
when translated, read the following: “Have crashed saucer and occupants. What should we do?”
According to Deuley, the response from the White House was as follows: “Nothing…..the public
is not ready for this.” Was this secret message in reference to the famous Aztec UFO crash which
allegedly occurred during March of 1948? Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection
January 16, 1979

                   Reference #17: UFO crash/retrieval at Del Rio, Texas


                 (Map of Del Rio Texas near the Texas-Mexican border)

                                                                                             43
    Leonard received a letter dated April 15, 1983. In the letter, a man identified as “TD” stated
that a UFO crashed near the Texas/Mexican border late in 1950. “TD” (actual name on file)
stated that a craft was actually recovered and that “bodies” were also involved. “TD” also
mentioned that he was part of the initial recovery team and was assigned to the 8TH Air Force in
Fort Worth, Texas until 1952. He retired in 1965. This particular UFO crash/retrieval is well
known within the field of ufology, and is assigned a “moderate to high” probability rating in
Ryan Wood’s excellent publication MAJIC Eyes Only. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation
notes collection

                          Reference #18: Examination of UFO debris


          (Did the Foote Brothers gear company conduct analysis of UFO hardware?)

                                                                                                 44
    Leonard received a letter dated May 17, 1983 from a Mr. Walter Greenwald (UFO
researcher). In the letter, Greenwald states that he was approached by a Mr. Robert Helmold at
the conclusion of one of his UFO lectures. Mr. Helmold claimed that he had a source, Mr.
Metevier (now deceased) who told him about a UFO which crashed in Arizona in 1947 or 1948.
Metevier stated that his company (Foote Brothers Gear in Chicago) had conducted metallurgical
analysis of pieces from a crashed saucer. Helmold seemed to think that Foote Brothers had
discovered new elements (alloys?) in the course of their investigation. Furthermore, Mr. Helmold
claimed that Metevier stated that just hours before he was to be given a private showing of
photos depicting the crashed saucer, they were confiscated by the FBI. Was this account actually
in reference to the alleged UFO crash/retrieval which took place in Arizona on May 16, 1953?
Did the military industrial complex exploit UFO technology for their own financial gain?
Attempts to locate any relatives of Mr. Metevier proved unsuccessful. Source: Leonard
Stringfield dictation notes.


                 Reference #19: Location of the mysterious “Blue Room”


                     (United States Air Force Museum at Dayton Ohio)


                                                                                             45
                  Do one of these buildings house the so called “UFO Holy Grail?”

    Leonard received an anonymous call from an individual who claimed to have a military
background. The call was rceived around 11:00 PM and lasted until 3:15 AM the next morning.
The caller claimed that he is 75 percent crippled as a result of an incident in the Air Force. He
had worked in the nuclear/biological warfare section. He also stated that the building at Wright
Patterson AFB that everyone is looking for, which may in fact be the so called “Blue Room,” is
disguised perfectly. He stated that it is right behind the Air Force museum. The building in
question has a “stockade” running around it, with a heavily guarded security gate. According to
the source, pipes leading into the building are for cryogenic applications, possibly for the storage
of ET bodies. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection October 2, 1985.


                                                                                                  46
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                     (Part 9)
                        Reference #20: Alien bodies from Edwards AFB


   Was Edwards AFB a temporary storage facility for UFO crash/retrievals and alien bodies?

    Leonard received a very interesting letter from UFO researcher Paul Cerny dated October 13,
1978. The letter contained specific details regarding four separate UFO crash/retrieval cases. The
first account originated from Hawaiian MUFON State director Michael Broyles. According to
Mr. Broyles, the informant on this case was Ms. “CL” (actual identity on file) of Honolulu,
Hawaii. The informant stated that her former dentist’s brother reported transporting alien bodies
from Edwards AFB. No information was given regarding a specific date, or what crash/retrieval
she was referring to. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection


                                                                                               47
                  Reference #21: Accidental alien encounter at the Pentagon


Could the Pentagon be keeping more than just military secrets in one of its many hidden rooms?

   Mr. Cerny’s letter also included a reference to an individual in Arizona who accidentally got
off on the wrong floor at the Pentagon in Washington, DC and saw an alien in a large “pickle
jar” through an open doorway. The contact described the being as having an unusually large
head, pale in color, and small in stature. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection.


                                                                                                 48
                     Reference #22: UFO discovered in a cabbage field


                Roswell Main Street UFO convoy illustration by John MacNeill

   A third case from Mr. Cerny’s letter involved a 19-year-old, and two of his companions. All
three were walking across a large cabbage field when they came upon a disc- shaped craft, which
measured approximately 10-12 feet in diameter. After a few minutes, Air Force personnel
arrived on the scene and loaded the disc on a large flatbed truck. Then, they covered the disc
with a tarp and drove off. SPECIAL NOTE: This is now at least the fifth reference regarding
military personnel using a flatbed truck to retrieve a downed UFO, which was then concealed
from public view with a tarp during transport (see Roswell Main Street UFO retrieval illustration
above). Can all of these eyewitnesses be lying? Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes
collection.


                                                                                              49
                     Reference #23: NASA and the UFO crash/retrieval


           Is the NASA Ames Research Center also an R&D site for downed UFO’s?

    The final UFO crash/retrieval reference from Mr. Cerny’s letter directly involves NASA. An
employee of NASA discussed with his girlfriend and her grown daughter specific details
regarding a crashed saucer which came down in the Sierra Foothills of California sometime
around 1974. The case was originally brought to the attention of Mr. Cerny by the daughter. The
primary eyewitness was with six other NASA engineers who originated from the Ames Research
Center in Mountain View, California. According to the daughter, a small disc shaped craft was
seen to crash on a nearby field. Then, a larger craft hovered over the site for a few minutes and
began to shine bright lights onto the wreckage. Next, the strange craft departed vertically at a
high rate of speed and left a portion of the original craft at the scene. The NASA crew then drove
to the site in a truck and retrieved the remains, which were then brought back to the Ames
Research Center for examination. When questioned further regarding the incident, the witness
“clammed up,” and denied any knowledge of the event. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation
notes collection.


                                                                                               50
                            Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                      (Part 10)
                     Reference #24: UFO crash/retrieval at Lumberton, OH


                    Did a UFO crash near Lumberton Ohio in March of 1977?
                                   Illustration by Wes Crum

    Leonard received a letter from UFO researcher Joan Jeffers dated August 1, 1978. In the
letter, Ms. Jeffers stated that she received a phone call during late April of 1977 from Bob
Cowell (co-director of the Pennsylvania Center for UFO research). He told her that he had a
conversation with a man who related the following account: The man in question had heard of a
professor of biology from Ohio State University who claimed that he had been called in by the
United States military to examine alien bodies which had been removed from a crashed UFO.
The crash apparently took place southeast of Dayton, Ohio in March of 1977. This would have
most certainly required the services of the so called Air Force “BLUE TEAM,” which is
responsible for the reaction/recovery of downed/crashed alien craft. This particular organization
fell under the jurisdiction of “PROJECT POUNCE,” which was specifically charged with
generating cover stories to mask the true nature of its UFO retrieval objectives. At the crash site,
the military had closed off the area, but apparently, not all of the aliens were dead and a “shoot-
out” occurred between members of the military and the surviving aliens. At the completion of the
hostilities, the military ultimately won the battle, but not without consequences. Some men were
killed in the fight and there was a total of eleven casualties.

                                                                                                 51
                                    Location of Lumberton, Ohio

    Apparently, Ms. Jeffers was warned not to discuss the incident, but to her credit, felt that the
event was of significant historical importance and it has been revealed in this report for the very
first time. Not one to give up too early on the case, Ms. Jeffers contacted a confidential source
and when she mentioned the location of the alleged crash as occurring southeast of Dayton,
Ohio, the source remarked: “You mean Lumberton Ohio?” Eventually Leonard Stringfield
actively pursued the case and contacted Bob Cowell who in turn revealed that the original source
of the account came from a Mr. “GU” (actual identity on file). Source: Leonard Stringfield
dictation notes collection.


                                                                                                  52
                    Reference #25: Alien autopsy at Water Reed Hospital


 Did a TOP SECRET alien autopsy take place at Walter Reed Hospital during the early 1950s?

    Leonard participated in a very interesting dinner/speaking engagement that yielded a
fascinating account. During the event, Leonard had dinner with Dr. Stanley Tytko (head of the
chemistry department at the Cleveland Clinic). Dr. Tytko was second in command at the clinic.
The head of the hospital was a pathologist who was not mentioned by Dr. Tytko. According to
Dr. Tytko, a group of fellow medical professionals were apparently standing around at the clinic
and were joking about the subject of UFOs. The head of the hospital at hearing these comments
immediately became very quiet. He later called in Dr. Tytko and just shook his head. He then
told him that the subject was not a laughing matter. Then, he went on to relate that when he was
in the Air Force (1952-1953 timeframe), he was sent to Walter Reed Hospital in Washington,
D.C. to perform a top secret autopsy on an alien cadaver. Dr. Tytko recalled some of the
descriptions of the “entity” as mentioned by the pathologist: three feet in height, head larger than
body in proportion, protruding brow, eyes sunken and wrap-around to side of face, slit for a
mouth, no earlobes, gray skin, arms longer in proportion to body, large webbed hands with
prominent four fingers. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection May 30, 1978.


                                                                                                  53
                          Reference #26: The UFO film archive


Was there a TOP SECRET UFO film warehouse located inside the Australian Air Defense HQ?

   The Stringfield collection contained an interesting reference to a Mr. Jim Kibble. Apparently,
Mr. Kibble is a close friend of Robert Hawke (Prime Minister of Australia from 1983 to 1991).
Due to his extensive career experience in business, Mr. Hawke offered him a political position,
which he turned down. However, he did ask for one favor: to speak to the Air Defense Minister
(Robert Hogg) regarding the subject of UFOs. Prime Minister Hawke was successful in setting
up the meeting. According to Mr. Kibble, he was personally shown five films by the Air Defense
Minister during March of 1984. They were each approximately three to five minutes in length
and were shot on 16mm format. The film screening took place at division headquarters. He was
also shown a collection of extensive UFO related material which was part of a significant file
collection.


                                                                                               54
            The photo/reconnaissance version of the B-29 was known as the “F-13A”

   Of the five films Mr. Kibble was shown, two depicted the standard “lights in the sky” and
were of little interest. One film showed three distinct objects, which were seen to enter into a
much larger craft. Apparently, this particular film was shot so close that the flight deck of the
main craft was clearly visible. This particular film was taken by a specially converted Boeing B-
29 photo/reconnaissance plane during the mid-1950s. These particular aircraft carried the
designation “F-13A,” and flew over the Arctic region from 1943-1955. Another film shot in
1979 showed two disc shaped objects which displayed a “wobbly” flight pattern. The fifth film
depicted an oval craft on the ground with a building nearby. Efforts to locate both Jim Kibble
and Air Minister Robert Hogg for comment have proven unsuccessful. Special note: The late
Col. Wendelle Stevens (famous ufologist) stated that he participated in the installation of highly
advanced monitoring equipment on F-13A aircraft that flew missions over the North Pole where
disc-shaped craft were caught on film. Many of the UFOs were seen taking off from the ice and
pacing the huge aircraft while all of the cameras were rolling. What eventually happened to all of
these films? Did they disappear into a secret vault at the Pentagon or Andrews AFB? Source:
Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection September 11, 1985.


                                                                                               55
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                     (Part 11)
                             Reference #27: UFO crash in Montana


                           Did a UFO crash in Montana during 1954?
                                   Illustration by Wes Crum

    Leonard received a telephone call from a Sgt. “MZ” (actual name on file) of Grand Forks
AFB, Nebraska. The sergeant stated that he had heard stories of at least two UFO crashes. One
took place somewhere in Montana during 1954 and the other in New Mexico in 1958. He also
stated that he knew a lady on the base at Grand Forks who had a military contact that saw discs
and alien bodies at Wright Patterson AFB. Attempts to reach the sergeant for further details have
proven unsuccessful. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection May 24, 1978.


                                                                                               56
                   Reference #28: UFO shot at McGuire AFB/Ft. Dix.


                               McGuire AFB, New Jersey

    Leonard spoke with “JM” (actual name on file) for 35 minutes regarding the now famous case
which involved the alleged shooting of an extraterrestrial by an MP at McGuire AFB on January
18, 1978. According to the established account by Jeffery Morse (security Policeman at the time
of the incident), UFO activity was reported over the Fort Dix side of the base (adjacent to
McGuire) very early in the morning on January 18, 1978. Morse was informed that a Fort Dix
MP was pursuing a low flying object, which later hovered over his car. Then, a small being was
seen standing in front of his patrol car, which had been illuminated by his headlights. It was
described as having a fat head, long arms, gray/brown in color, a slender body, snake-like skin,
and about four feet in height. The body of the being was tapered in appearance and there was a
slight “depression” near the neck. Upon seeing the strange creature, the patrol officer panicked
and immediately fired off five rounds from his .45 caliber fire-arm and one into the hovering
craft overhead. Then, the strange being fled in the direction of McGuire AFB.


                                                                                             57
  Did a C-141 transport the body of an ET from McGuire AFB to WPAFB on January 18, 1978?


   Apparently, it had somehow climbed the fence, because it was found dead near the end of an
old runway on the base. According to “JM,” it had been laying on the ground for approximately
three to four hours. Finally, base authorities covered it with a white sheet. The site was then
roped off and Air Force OSI immediately took control of the situation. “JM” commented that he
was surprised at how the military team, dressed in fatigues, responded as though they knew
exactly what they were doing. MPs stationed near the site of the incident reported an
overwhelming smell coming from the direction of the body. Later that same day (around 7:00
AM), a blue/gray colored C-141 Starlifter arrived at the scene from Wright Patterson AFB. Then,
a fork-lift equipped with a shovel type attachment placed the body onto a platform (apparently,
unauthorized personnel were prohibited from getting near the body). Next, a wooden crate was
built around the platform, and then sprayed with a special decontamination agent, which
originated from a portable tank. Finally, the crate was placed into a larger metal container and
loaded into the cargo bay of the C-141, which promptly took off (presumably heading for Wright
Patterson AFB). Military personnel involved with the incident were quickly transferred to other
bases after the event. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection December 3, 1983.


                                                                                             58
            Reference #29: NASA rocket-plane encounters UFOs at 200,000 feet


                     The X-15 rocket powered experimental research plane


    Leonard made contact with two NASA engineers who worked at Edwards AFB on the X-15
program during April of 1962. During one test flight piloted by Joe Walker on April 30, 1962,
the X-15 climbed to over 200,000 feet and encountered “five or six cylindrical or disc shaped
objects,” which circled and paced his aircraft while travelling at a speed of Mach 4.94, or well
over 4,500 mph. On this particular flight, the X-15 was outfitted with special motion picture film
cameras, which captured the entire event. During a lecture held on May 11, 1962 at the National
Conference for the Peaceful uses of Space Research, Walker stated that the goal of one of his test
flights was to detect and film UFOs at high altitude. One of the NASA engineers that Leonard
encountered claimed that he saw the actual films from the flight and recorded the testimony from
the pilot. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection August 18, 1989.


                                                                                               59
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                     (Part 12)
                         Reference #30: UFO crash near Ravenna, Ohio


                       Did a UFO crash near Ravenna, Ohio during 1961?
                                  Illustration by Wes Crum

      Leonard received a call from Bill Jones at the Batelle Institute in Columbus. He had received
a call from Warren Nicholson (UFO researcher) who stated that he was in contact with an Air
Force NCO who was stationed at Fort Hood, Texas in 1961 who had a very interesting story to
tell. According to Mr. Nicholson, the NCO was flown to Youngstown, Ohio where he was met
by others and proceeded to board a bus with blacked-out windows. The group was driven for
approximately 90 minutes and then disembarked at an isolated quarry. Inside the quarry was a
crashed disc-shaped craft that featured burn marks around the lower circumference. The craft
was propped up on one side and the NCOs job was to act as a guard around the cordoned off
area. It was the impression of the NCO that the UFO crashed somewhere near Ravenna, Ohio.
Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection June 8, 1978.


                                                                                                60
                 Reference #31: All roads lead to Wright Patterson AFB


   Is Wright Patterson AFB in Dayton, Ohio the ultimate destination for UFO Crash/Retrievals?
                                (Illustration by Wes Crum)

   Leonard received a call from a man named Kelly who stated that his close friend “TS” (actual
name on file) saw six alien bodies which were recovered from a UFO crash site during the early
1950s. “TS” was a colonel during the time of the incident and died of a massive heart attack in
1978. According to “TS,” the bodies and the craft were brought back to Wright Patterson AFB
and placed in an underground hangar. “TS,” was a guard at the hangar. Source: Leonard
Stringfield dictation notes collection February 7, 1984.


                                                                                             61
                  Reference #32: UFO crash/retrieval new El Paso, TX.


                          Did a UFO crash near El Paso TX in 1976?
                                 (Illustration by Wes Crum)

   Leonard received an un-dated letter from a Mr. Bill Beldon regarding the alleged crash of a
UFO near Fort Bliss (El Paso, TX) sometime around 1976. According to Mr. Beldon, military
personnel at Fort Bliss viewed messages passing through official communication channels
relating to the recovery of a “Flying Saucer.” Apparently, news of this event spread throughout
the base and the rumor was that the government determined that this information was “too
shocking” for the general public. According to Beldon, a craft was recovered, as well as alien
corpses which were said to be “insect-like.” Beldon stressed that he had no first-hand knowledge
of the event and stated that he had heard the story from military personnel who had access to
classified information. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection.


                                                                                              62
                          Reference #33: UFO crash/retrieval in Hobbs, NM.


                       Did a UFO crash in Hobbs, NM during the early 1950s?
                                   (Illustration by Wes Crum)

   Leonard received a call from a Mr. “MS” (actual identity on file), who stated that he was an
active Captain in the Air Force at a West Coast base. He served as the chief of security. “MS”
told Leonard that he was in contact with a contractor from Utah who witnessed a UFO crash in
Hobbs, New Mexico during the early 1950s. Apparently, he reached the scene before the military
arrived and there were 100 witnesses to the event. The craft appeared to be half buried in the
sand. According to the contractor, there were two alien bodies inside the craft and three outside.
All of the beings wore what looked like one piece flight suits. Source: Leonard Stringfield
collection August 24, 1983.


                                                                                               63
                            Reference #34: The charred alien bodies


         Do our Presidents have a “need to know” regarding the “biggest story of all time?”
                               (Illustration by Wes Crum)

   Leonard received a call from a Mr. Walter Childers after hearing him on the radio. Mr.
Childers stated that his brother, who had been an Air Force Staff Sergeant at the time, saw a
“charred” UFO with bodies inside being brought back into a military base (no location or date
given). Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection August 24, 1983.


                                                                                                64
                                          Reference #35


              Are alien cadavers being kept at a TOP SECRET room at WPAFB?
                                (Illustration by Wes Crum)

    The Stringfield collection contained a brief mention from a caller who had heard one of
Leonard’s radio interviews on WTVN in Columbus. The caller boldly claimed the following on
air: “I wish to verify what Mr. Stringfield is saying.” He refrained from indentifying any names,
but stated that he had a friend who worked as a scientist at Wright Patterson AFB. According to
the caller, the scientist signed a security agreement and stated that he had seen three alien bodies
(approximately three feet tall) which were being kept at a special room on the base. They were
guarded by MPs who were ordered to shoot if anyone entered the facility. Was this the famous
“BLUE ROOM” mentioned by former Republican Presidential candidate Barry Goldwater?
Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection August 24, 1983.

                                                                                                  65
                            Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                      (Part 13)
                          Reference #36: Emergency landing at Area 51


                     Area 51 photo courtesy of the John Andrews collection

    Leonard received a letter from Deborah Menaker which highlighted a very interesting
incident that involved a USAF pilot in 1980. According to Ms. Menaker, her friend knew an Air
Force pilot that informed her that there was a top secret testing facility in the Nevada desert,
which can only be used in emergencies. The pilot stressed that under no circumstances should
the air space surrounding the facility ever be violated except in the case of an emergency.
According to the pilot, he had an emergency and was forced to land at “Dreamland.”
    He stated that he saw hangar doors that were being closed as soon as he taxied by them. He
was then blindfolded and escorted away from his aircraft by high ranking officers at the base. He
later returned to his aircraft after being interrogated and departed the facility. According to the
letter, the pilots who know of this facility stated that the rumor was that the Air Force had in its
possession a captured flying saucer with its live inhabitants. Special note: This letter represents
one of the earliest references to “Area 51” before it became a house-hold name within the UFO
sub-culture and ultimately the world. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection
1980.

                                                                                                  66
                       The Canadian proposal for Project “Silverbug”

    Reference #37: Leonard received a letter from a Mr. Ralph Wieben dated November 6, 1982.
In the letter, Mr. Wieben relates an interesting discussion he had with a fellow co-worker.
According to Mr. Wieben, the co-worker was a retired Air Force pilot who flew bombers and
evaluated new designs. He stated that “about ten years ago,” he had seen a flying saucer in a
hangar at Fort Worth, Texas. Apparently, this was an experimental design built by General
Dynamics in cooperation with the Canadian military. He went on to state that the flying saucer
was stored in the same hangar as the “flying wing.” There appeared to be a significant amount of
dust which accumulated on the flying saucer indicating that it had not flown or been outside for
some time. As for the dimensions of the craft, the Air Force pilot stated that it was “about as high
as the ceiling,” and from “wall to wall” in diameter. The ceiling height of the hangar was
estimated to be about ten feet high and the walls were estimated to be 28 feet apart. According to
the pilot, propulsion was provided by two jet engines mounted on the top. For take-off, engine
thrust could be vectored down-ward, and then backwards for horizontal flight. Apparently, this
craft was capable of VTOL (Vertical Take-off and Landing). In a final remark regarding the size
of the craft, the pilot stated that “it took a while to walk around it.”


                                                                                                 67
   Upon first inspection, it would appear as though what the pilot saw in the hangar was the ill-
fated VZ-9 Avrocar. However, upon closer inspection of the details, this is clearly not the case
for a number of reasons. The Avrocar was built in 1959 and retired in 1961. There is no record of
the Avrocar ever having been in any hangars at Fort Worth. In addition, the Avrocar measures
only 18 feet in diameter and is only 3’6” high (far too small in diameter and height per the pilot’s
original description). Therefore, it’s clear that what the pilot must have seen in the hangar was
“something else.” Did he see a modified version of “Project Silverbug” (see technical drawing
above)? Silverbug was a Canadian proposal for a Mach 3 interceptor that measured 29 feet in
diameter and 3’9” in height. However, even these dimensions don’t match the pilot’s comment
that it was as high as the ceiling and that it “took a while to walk around it.” In addition, the last
YB-49 flying wing was scrapped on December 1st, 1953 (long before the pilot’s encounter in the
hangar around 1972). The possibility exists that what the pilot saw in the hangar was an
advanced version of “Project Silverbug,” which still remains classified to this day. Source:
Leonard Stringfield collection November 6, 1982.


   Reference #38: Leonard received a letter from the Canadian UFO Research Network
(CUFORN) dated November 14, 1982. The letter dealt with the account of a retired USAF
officer who claimed that his job was to de-brief military personnel who had come into contact
with UFOs. He was specifically involved in “re-orienting and debunking” their experiences.
The officer stated that he was stationed at a base known by the codename “Flatrock.” He also
described an incident that took place in the midwest (no specific location given) where two
fighter jets were scrambled and vectored to the vicinity of a large UFO. According to the officer,
the incident took place in 1976. One of the jets hit the UFO head on and both crashed to the
ground. The letter mentioned that the officer was privileged to see the UFO in a secret hangar
somewhere in the southwest. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection November
14, 1982.


                                                                                                   68
                        Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                  (Part 14)
                       Reference #39: American test pilots fly UFOs


Could the account of UFOs being test flown near Area 51 as mentioned by Bob Lazar be true?
                               (Illustration by Wes Crum)


                                                                                         69
Could the rumors surrounding Bob Lazar be true after all?
   (photo courtesy of the John Andrews collection)


                                                            70
                                 Astronaut Gordon Cooper

   Reference #40: The Stringfield collection contained some very interesting UFO quotes from
astronaut Gordon Cooper, which are worthy of repeating in this report. The following is a word-
for-word copy of statements made by Gordon Cooper during a long telephone conversation with
Leonard Stringfield:

   “Even money (a one million dollar offer to any taker with proof of a UFO outstanding by the
National Enquirer), can’t make people talk. I know. Just with the information I know, I wouldn’t
talk. You would never be the same person again. Always looking over your shoulder.”

   “The only way you could break this information is by a group of scientists willing to sign
papers, standing up and defying the military and intelligence groups.” Source: Leonard
Stringfield dictation notes collection September 15, 1978.


                                                                                                72
   Reference #41: Leonard spoke with Aaron Kaback who had a contact, “GM” (actual identity
on file), who works in the field of electronics. “GM” stated that there was a crash of what may
have been a U.S. experimental device in a canyon near Edwards AFB in 1968. Two helicopters
were seen overhead. According to “GM,” the craft had a fuselage and stabilizers on it. Without
further details, it’s unclear whether “GM” was referring to something man-made or
extraterrestrial in origin. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection September 15,
1978.

                            Reference #42: UFO at Eglin AFB


               Is there a TOP SECRET hangar at Eglin AFB which contains a UFO?

    The same “GM” witness also spoke of an incident which occurred at Eglin AFB, FL (no date
given). According to “GM,” a UFO was being tracked near the end of the base by radar. It had a
long fuselage. Shortly thereafter, a huge hangar that “wasn’t high enough to house a Cessna,”
was constructed on the base. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection September
15, 1978.


                                                                                               73
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                     (Part 15)


   Reference #43: Leonard spoke with “PJ” (actual identity on file), who stated that he had seen
a saucer that had a dull metallic exterior, no windows, no rivets, no identification markings, and
about 30 feet in diameter. The building that housed the craft was surrounded by armed military
guards (no location or date given). Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection
February 9, 1982.


                                                                                                74
The Aztec UFO Crash/Retrieval is well documented in the book Aztec Incident by Scott and
Suzanne Ramsey

   Reference #44: Leonard received a call from Professor Robert Spencer Carr. Professor Carr
was one of the very first researchers to report on the Aztec UFO crash/retrieval. According to
Professor Carr, he obtained his information from a military officer who had a bit too much to
drink one evening. The officer revealed that he had accompanied a flying saucer and its
occupants from the crash site to Edwards AFB. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes
collection February 9, 1982.


                                                                                                 75
    Reference #45: Leonard received a letter from Bette Shilling dated September 8, 1978. In the
letter, Ms. Shilling made reference to an Air Force officer who told her details regarding a UFO
crash that occurred in the Ohio area during 1973 or 1974. The officer stated that three bodies
were recovered, which were brought back to Wright Patterson AFB. Apparently, one of the
aliens was still alive and lived for an entire week. The officer was reluctant to divulge any further
details. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection September 8, 1978.


                                Reference #46: UFO crash at Ft. Polk


                         Was Fort Polk the site of a UFO landing in 1952?

                                                                                                  76
   Leonard received a letter from a Mr. Peter Rank dated March 15, 1982. In the letter, Mr. Rank
stated that he had a one hour telephone discussion with a Mr. “HJ” (actual identity on file).
According to Mr. Rank, in 1952, “HJ” was a young private in the U.S. Army infantry undergoing
basic training at Fort Polk, Louisiana. One evening in July, around 7:00 PM, he was on
maneuvers with his platoon, which was comprised of approximately nine men. All of the infantry
men in the area were divided into red and blue teams and given military assignments. Suddenly,
“HJ” and his platoon saw a flying saucer land/crash “out in the boondocks.” The area
immediately surrounding the craft was badly burned and he could still feel the heat emanating
from the craft. He described it as “egg shaped,” and being as wide as a three bedroom single
story ranch house. The center section had a “fin” running along the outer circumference which
was still rotating when they came upon it. He estimated its size to be approximately 24 feet in
diameter. There were no lights or windows on the craft. Using their walkie-talkies, the platoon
contacted headquarters and informed them of the situation.


U.S. Army - B Mack Model B hi-feature lowboy – Was this type tractor/trailer used to retrieve a
crashed flying saucer near Fort Polk in 1952?

   Shortly thereafter, medics, military police, and high ranking brass arrived at the scene. A
portion of the UFO apparently retracted downward revealing a ramp which provided access to
the interior. “HJ” and his platoon saw the medics carry one small dead humanoid out of the craft
on a stretcher. Then he saw two live alien creatures walk out who were aided by medics. He
described them as about three to four feet tall and very “skinny” with large heads. The source
indicated that he was approximately 15 yards away from the craft during the time of the retrieval
operation. According to the U.S. Army private, once senior officers arrived on the scene, “pee-
ons like me had to get away from the craft.” All of the individuals in his platoon were strictly
warned never to discuss the incident. The Officer in Charge was a Lt. Whiting. He was also
involved in the loading of the craft onto a military low-boy trailer via a crane. Once removed
from the scene, the private had no idea where the craft eventually ended up. Mr. Rank stressed
that “HJ” was a fairly unsophisticated and uneducated man and would have had nothing to gain
by making up such a story. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection March 15,
1982. Additional reference material for this case also came from Herman Johnson August 4,
1980.


                                                                                               77
       At least 24 witnesses now claim there is an alien morgue at Wright Patterson AFB
                                 (Illustration by Wes Crum)

 Reference #47: Leonard spoke with” JK” (actual identity on file), who worked at the Nike
Missile site located in Wilmington, Ohio. “JK” stated that he had seen nine alien bodies in 1966
at Wright Patterson AFB. According to “JK,” “they were all under glass which was about one
inch thick” (this would imply that he saw them in horizontally mounted cryogenic freezers).
Powerful lights illuminated the freezers on a 24 hour basis. Access to the facility was restricted
to only the highest level of military officials. The cadavers looked to be about four feet in height
and “JK” stated that a total of 30 had been recovered (most likely from multiple crash/
retrievals).
    He also stated that the actual location of the alien bodies was Hangar 13, and NOT the fabled
“Hangar 18” which has now become a catch-all phrase within UFO pop-culture. “JK” also stated
that during the time-frame of 1956-1975, there were five UFO crashes which occurred in the Tri-
state area (comprising Indiana, Ohio and Kentucky). From one of these crashes, three bodies
were recovered. “JK” also claimed that there was a recovered craft at MacDill AFB, FL and one
at Langley AFB in Virginia. Another craft was reported to be stored at Seymour-Johnson Naval
Training Station outside of Norfolk. Apparently, all of these facilities had underground hangars,
which could be used to conceal extraterrestrial craft from not only the public, but the military
and politicians as well. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection July 6, 1978.

                                                                                                 78
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                     (Part 16)
                        Reference #48: Underground base at Fort. Hood


              Is Fort Hood a staging area for experimental American-built UFOs?


  Leonard received a fascinating letter from researcher Tommy Blann dated March 30, 1982.
The contents of this letter were so significant and ground breaking that it has been reproduced
word-for-word in its entirety within this report for the very first time.


                                                                                                  79
                                 The Gray AAF/Fort Hood Report


   There have been a number of incredible stories surfacing over the years by active military
personnel on duty at Fort Hood and by civilians employed at the base or their immediate family
members about a huge underground complex built in the side of a small hill in which a
camouflaged section of land opens up like “sliding doors” to reveal an entrance to this secret
installation. Over the years, I ran into several individuals who told me bits and pieces about this
secret underground complex and others scattered across the United States, none of them knowing
each other, nor what the others had related to me. This information, like a-lot of information in
the possession of individual researchers, was recorded and filed away as confidential for future
reference. It wasn’t until certain information surfaced about “crashed discs” by Leonard
Stringfield and other less known individuals, plus the recent “Cash/Landrum incident”
investigated by John Schuessler, that I felt compelled to release this information publically.
   It is my personal opinion that these individuals have told me the truth as they know it, and it
would be hard to conceive how a number of individuals could concoct such stories in identical
detail unless there is some truth in the basis of their claims. There is also three incidents
involving helicopters and low level UFO’s, one incident which I personally witnessed that adds
further credence to the claims made in this report. Located in central Texas is a large Army
military reservation known as Fort Hood which covers approximately 160,000 acres and is
surrounded by several small towns such as Copperas Cove, Gatesville, Killeen, Temple and
Belton. It was originally named Camp Hood, after John Bell Hood, and during World War II
served as a training center for tank destroyers. It is well known for its military training of ground
troops and heavy artillery exercises and war games which have been viewed by a number of
dignitaries and Presidents over the years.


                                                                                                  80
 Is there a vast TOP SECRET underground facility located near Robert Gray Army Airfield?

    Within Fort Hood is Gray AAF, known as Robert Gray Field, where Air Force personnel are
attached while at Fort Hood. Little is known about the activities at Gray AAF as it is not a major
AFB, and is not listed in either the “Air Force Officer’s Guide”, or the “Air Force Almanac.” An
Air Force Captain, while stationed at Fort Hood in 1972, told me that in the late 1960s a private
pilot had to make a forced landing over this restricted air corridor, and his small plane came in
for a landing on a dusty field. The next thing he saw, was a jeep approaching with armed MPs
which seemed to have appeared out of nowhere. On further observation, he saw a huge section of
land separating like “giant sliding doors” with vegetation intact revealing a huge corridor inside.
The startled pilot was then met with weapons trained on him and ordered out of the plane where
he was immediately blindfolded and taken in the jeep to what he thought was this underground
complex. He was taken down a long corridor and led into a room where his blindfold was taken
off. Inside the room, which reminded him of a modern conference room without windows, he
was interrogated by a couple of men and a few hours later, was blindfolded again and taken
outside to his aircraft which had been refueled and was now operating. He was warned not to
speak of this incident as they helped him into the aircraft and watched him take off.


                                                                                                81
    In the latter part of 1973, the entire southeastern section of the U.S. was undergoing a wave of
UFO sightings. The Central Texas area had an unusually large number of reports coming out of
the farming communities around Calvert, Bremond, Temple and a few other small towns which
are west and southwest of Fort Hood. On November 21, 1973, Gracia Unger, editor of the
Calvert Tribune and her husband Jack, along with my wife and I, witnessed two UFOs near the
Brazos River area during the height of the activity. The UFOs were shaped like “a brick with the
ends wore off” and had a series of multi-colored lights on its surface. The metallic structure of
one of the craft was readily visible by the intense silver-blue white glow that surrounded the craft
as it approached us at a low altitude. The body of the craft appeared to be made of an aluminum
type metal construction. It was definitely a manufactured aircraft of some type and not just a ball
of light in the night sky.
    The two UFOs were first noticed coming out of the northwest at a high altitude and one
appeared at a slightly lower altitude than the other. As they neared the Brazos River, we became
aware of the sound of helicopters approaching also out of the northwest. At first, we thought
these things may be helicopters until they got closer and then we saw the navigational lights on
the helicopters headed toward these UFO’s. There were seven helicopters in a line formation
moving swiftly toward our location. The UFOs were moving very slow and would stop for short
periods of time, one at a considerably lower altitude than the other. As the helicopters
approached, we noticed that they were large Chinooks which took up a tight formation around
and over these UFOs. Also, the two jet interceptors entered the area from the southwest, and
circled over the UFOs and helicopters as they proceeded south. The UFOs and helicopters
disappeared out of our line-of-sight behind a clump of trees several miles in the distance. It
appeared the UFOs may have landed, but since there were no back-roads leading to this area, we
do not know. The jets continued circling and then finally headed southwest.


                                                                                                 82
                             (Illustration by John MacNeill)
 Did the UFO involved in the famous “Cash/Landrum Incident” of December 29, 1980 near
Dayton, Texas originate from an underground facility near Robert Gray Army Airfield?

   The next day, Gracia called Fort Hood and they told her that “there had been a routine
reconnaissance training mission in progress that night,” but they denied any knowledge of
“flying saucers” being in the area. A more in-depth discussion of these events and others around
the Calvert, Texas area was published in the Spring 1975, Vol. 2 No. 3 issue of SAGA UFO
REPORT. It is interesting to note the similarities in this incident and that of the Cash/Landrum
incident of December 29, 1980 in which a low level UFO was being “escorted” by a number of
helicopters, some Chinooks and possibly Hueys, near Dayton, Texas. A check with surrounding
military installations revealed that Gray AAF/Fort Hood admitted that sometime during that
period, “more than 100 helicopters came in from the field for effect.” A detailed account of this
incident was published in the winter 1981, Vol 9, No. 4 issue of SAGA UFO REPORT.


                                                                                               83
Cover page of the Aircraft Nuclear Propulsion Program dated July 23, 1959


                                                                            84
   Cost breakdown of the expenditures associated with the Aircraft Nuclear Propulsion program.
Note, that by 1960, the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy, and the Atomic Energy Commission spent
nearly a combined $1 Billion on research and development of an atomic propulsion system
which could be used for military aircraft applications. Where did all the money go?


  Schematic drawing of an atomic liquid-fuel rocket with “subcritical” reactor. Did Betty Cash,
Vicky Landrum and Colby Landrum suffer from the effects of radiation poisoning due to a
chamber breach in the reactor of an atomic powered rocket engine on December 29, 1980? It’s
interesting to note that Betty Cash died on December 29, 1998 EXACTLY 18 years after her
traumatic encounter. Despite repeated efforts, the case never received a proper hearing in a court
of law.
                                                                                                85
    In the winter of 1974, while giving a talk show on UFOs in the Central Texas area, I was told
by the news director of the television station after the show that while filming over at Fort Hood
he found out about the underground installation and that they were still conducting UFO research
even though “Project Bluebook” had been terminated. He told me that the men that flew the
helicopters were code-named “BLUE-BOYS”. He said there was a “special group” involved in
this UFO project. In 1975, while investigating the crashed disc stories, I came across a Lt. Col. in
the Air Force, who was stationed at Carlswell AFB near Fort Worth, that informed me about the
UFO project at Fort Hood as well as a number of other military installations here in the states
and overseas. In 1976, I met an individual in McGregor, Texas who told me that his father works
in the secret underground complex. He told me not to breathe a word of this to the public since
his father’s career could be seriously jeopardized and the fact that he was not even supposed to
know what his father was involved in on the base. He stated that “the technology that is being
applied in this underground complex would remind someone of a science fiction thriller. It is
unbelievable what they know and can do from this area”.
    During the Spring of 1975, I had been notified by some people in the Groesbeck-Mexia area
that a UFO had been observed coming out of the south headed north and appeared to have
crashed in the heavily-wooded farm land area near Mexia. I immediately dispatched an
investigative team to the area that night and talked with these people and the police department
hoping to get some trajectory on the object. While talking with the Captain of the Mexia Fire
Department, I found out that the Texas Department of Public Safety had notified Fort Hood/Gray
AAF about the incident and they were sending a squadron of helicopters to the area to search for
the crashed object. I realized my efforts would be futile since “they” would be well equipped
with infrared surveillance instruments and other sophisticated electronic instrumentation from
the air. We searched desperately to find the spot from the ground before the helicopters arrived,
but our efforts proved fruitless. We observed the helicopters as they approached the area that
night, but they were apparently on a heading that took them a number of miles above where we
had been searching in the Mexia area.
    Later, I found out that the Texas Department of Public Safety works closely with Fort
Hood/Gray AAF in matters such as this, which came as a surprise to me. On December 4, 1981, I
gave a two hour radio talk show on the Ed Busch program at KAAM radio station Dallas, Texas
called “America Overnight” via satellite. About halfway through the program, we had a caller
from Ohio that told us in the Summer of 1975, he was stationed at Fort Hood with an aviation
unit, RS-2 Intelligence, as a helicopter pilot and that one night around 10:00 PM he was driving
with a friend on a highway near Fort Hood when they both saw a UFO accompanied by “Army
helicopters.” He said, “I spent a-lot of time flying helicopters and I know what one looks like at
night, and if it’s not. And the large object that we saw, there is no way it could have been a
helicopter. It was an oblong, disc-type thing with a reddish light.”


                                                                                                 86
    “The next day when I got back to base, I asked my friend that worked in the air traffic control
out of the airfield if anything had happened. They didn’t know anything. And I was a good friend
to quite a few pilots so I asked them and no one knew anything. I thought this was unusually
strange, because if something had happened you would usually get it through the grapevine.” He
later found out that if he kept asking questions about what he had seen, he might not have his job
anymore at the base. This was impressed upon his mind by some of his pilot friends, so he
dropped the matter. I have also found of interest the statistics of the frequency of the object, unit,
and all sightings within the United States from 1947 to 1952, by subdivisions of one degree of
latitude and longitude as listed on page 47 of “Flying Saucers: An Analysis of the Air Force
Project Blue Book special Report No. 14” prepared by Dr. Leon Davidson.
    It appears that the highest number of UFO sightings occur in four major areas of the United
States, those being: Los Alamos Scientific Labs, N.M., Wright Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio, the
Washington D.C. area, and Gray AAF/Fort Hood in central Texas. Three of these areas are well
known for being “sensitive” key military installations concerned with the national defense of the
United States, but the forth, Gray AAF/Fort Hood, is not so well known for its activities in
defense matters other than those I discussed in the beginning of this report. The implications of
these statistics are not presently known, but it is interesting to see that Gray AAF/Fort Hood once
again enters into the picture.
    There have been a number of interesting UFO cases that have taken place in and around Los
Alamos Scientific Laboratories, N.M. and Gray AAF/Fort Hood, Texas, and between these two
areas. Some of these cases such as the Socorro, N.M. incident and the Eddie Laxton incident near
Sheppard AFB, Wichita Falls, Texas, and others seem to imply experimental testing of a new
type of aircraft. According to Dr. J. Allen Hynek in his book entitled “The Edge of Reality” on
page 256, he states, “Of course, you can say that UFOs tend to land in isolated areas, but then
there are so many isolated military bases where the thing could be kept.” Why choose Delphos,
Kansas? Why choose Marlin, Texas (town near Gray AAF/Fort Hood), or some of these places
to test them, when you could set aside the Four Corners and test it there and keep it a perfectly
secret thing”?

                                           Tommy Roy Blann


   Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection March 30, 1982.


                                                                                                   87
SPECIAL UPDATE

Leonard received an anonymous letter which provided further detailed information on the secret
operations which are allegedly taking place at the Gray Army Airfield. It has been reproduced
here for the very first time.


CONFIDENTIAL REPORT


Date: February 12, 1974

Subject matter: Top Secret research being conducted on UFOs at Gray Army Airfield

               New type of missile stolen from Gray AFB by U.S.S.R. in 1972

Summary of Report

    Top Secret research being conducted on UFOs is being conducted at Fort Hood/Gray AAF,
Killeen, Texas at a secret underground complex which also houses ICBM missile silos, which
are built into a small mountain on this military reservation. A section of mountain opens up onto
a jet interceptor runway, which was accidentally discovered by a private pilot making a forced
landing over this restricted air corridor. There are a number of underground corridors that open
up into a main room where sophisticated electronic and computer equipment is maintained. This
nerve center is tied in with NORAD in the Cheyenne Mountains near Colorado Springs, Wright
Patterson AFB, Dayton Ohio, Tinker AFB, Oklahoma City, Carlswell AFB, Fort Worth Texas,
and other SAC bases. I was told there are small robots that patrol these corridors for security
purposes.
    This underground complex has access to a squadron of unmarked helicopters that is
dispatched when the need arises. The men that fly these craft are code-named “Blue boys.”
These helicopters are equipped with sophisticated ECM equipment, infrared surveillance
cameras and other electronic systems. Interceptors are equipped with a new type of missile. It
was this type of missile that was stolen from Gray AAF by the U.S.S.R. in 1972. I have been told
that these new missiles have been used on UFOs, but that they are presently working on
electronic warfare systems which will be more efficient. These systems will supposedly disable a
UFO under “controlled conditions.”

   Information contained in this report came from three independent sources.


                                                                                              88
                            Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                      (Part 17)


      What exactly was recovered from the desert near Roswell, NM during July of 1947?
                                 (Illustration by Wes Crum)

    Reference #49: Leonard received a letter from William Bonner dated December 22, 1981. In
the letter, Mr. Bonner states that sometime after the 1947 crash of an unknown object in New
Mexico (he didn’t specify Roswell), a body of a small humanoid was examined at a laboratory of
the Guggenheim Foundation in New York City. Mr. Bonner claimed he was told by a military
physician that the body was approximately the size of a ten year old boy and tan or sunburned in
color. The pathological examination of the cadaver revealed a human with a skeleton having two
extra ribs on each side. Its flesh had a somewhat higher mineral content than what we would
consider normal, with somewhat denser bones. In addition, the military source also claimed that
he had seen a piece of the craft at M.I.T., which appeared to be a portion of the “control room.”
Apparently, attempts to analyze a sample of the debris were stalled due to its unique properties
and difficulty in cutting it down to a reasonable size. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes
collection December 22, 1981.

                                                                                                89
                Have UFOs played “cat-and-mouse” games with our USAF jets?

   Reference #50: The Stringfield collection contained some additional correspondence with
former astronaut Gordon Cooper, which is worthy of reproducing in this report. These reports
were made via a lengthy telephone conversation. Cooper related to Leonard that during 1957,
radar picked up a UFO around Albuquerque, NM. Two jet pilots, who were flying nearby, were
startled to see a lenticular shaped metallic disc fly close enough between the two planes to
actually touch them. Another jet in the vicinity saw the two jets and the UFO and took
photographs of the entire incident. These photos (and film reels of the previously mentioned
1957 Edwards AFB flying saucer landing) were never released to the public and are presumably
being stored in a vast “UFO Warehouse” presumably at either the Pentagon or Wright Patterson
AFB in Dayton Ohio. Cooper postulated that both the film and the photos may “NOT EVEN BE
CLASSIFIED.” The clever government reasoning here was that vigilant UFO researchers would
never request military files or photos of UFOs that weren’t even deemed worthy of classification,
thinking they were worthless everyday duplicates or standard military “garbage.”


                                                                                              90
                The Condon Report                        Dr. Edward U. Condon

   In another statement, Cooper said he worked with Dr. Edward U. Condon of the infamous
1968 “Condon Report.” To his credit, according to Cooper, Dr. Condon flew to Washington,
D.C. in an attempt to obtain copies and was denied access to both the film and the photos
regarding these two highly significant events.


What does NASA secretly know about extraterrestrials? Have they received ET signals from the
Bootes star constellation?


                                                                                            91
           Did a UFO crash on a military proving ground in New Mexico during 1953?
                                (Illustration by Wes Crum)

    Reference #51: Within the Stringfield collection was an interesting letter written by Herbert
Coyer to pioneering UFO researcher Donald Keyhoe dated April 8, 1964. Mr. Coyer relates that
he knew an instructor at school who was an adjutant to an Army Air Corps General during the
Korean conflict. According to Mr. Coyer’s informant, a flying saucer crash landed near a New
Mexico proving ground in 1953. Air Force personnel immediately rushed to the scene and found
the saucer unharmed and unoccupied, with its doors open. Upon further inspection in the
surrounding area, the saucer’s four occupants were discovered all of whom were dead.
Apparently, shortly after this event occurred, certain high level military personnel were briefed
on the subject of UFOs by the Air Force. Mr. Coyer’s informant was included in the briefing.
They were shown the bodies of the four occupants of the craft, which he described as from three
to four feet tall, hairless, and otherwise quite human in appearance.


                                                                                               93
    An autopsy was performed on one of the cadavers, but no cause of death could be found.
They were also shown additional saucers that the Air Force had recovered. Therefore, by 1953,
there may already have been three or four prior UFO crash/retrieval incidents. Mr. Coyer’s
contact described them as ovoid in shape, with a length of 25 feet and a width of approximately
thirteen feet. He stated that he was also permitted to view the interior of the craft which had no
visible means of control or propulsion. He was told that the Air Force had been intensely trying
to determine the specific propulsion system used on the craft, but that their efforts proved
unsuccessful. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection April 8, 1964

                            Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                      (Part 18)
                                          Reference #52


How much did President Truman know about the Aztec UFO crash/retrieval of March 24, 1948?

                                                                                                 94
  Was this concrete pad used by the military in 1948 to retrieve a crashed UFO near Aztec, NM?
                                 (photo by Jay Barrymore)

   Leonard spoke to researcher Robert Spencer Carr over the phone, who related the following
details: A UFO did indeed crash 12 miles west of Aztec, New Mexico on March 24, 1948.
Rumors of the crash site being cordoned off proved to be false due to the remoteness of the area.
The impact site had been pin-pointed due to the fact that the UFO had been tracked on radar by
three separate military installations: Muroc AFB (later Edwards AFB), Santa Fe radar station,
and a station located in the southeast corner of Colorado. A rapid-response Air Force team was
immediately dispatched to the area. Upon arrival, they found a hole in one of the windows of the
craft, which caused the death of its 12 occupants by decompression. It was through this very hole
that the specialized Air Force team entered the craft to retrieve the bodies. Other than the hole,
the craft appeared to be intact. Once the occupants were removed, they were sent to Muroc AFB
and put into a refrigerated mortuary. According to Mr. Carr, they were later sent to Wright
Patterson AFB in Dayton, Ohio. The bodies were kept in what is known as “cryogenic
suspension,” which is a term used for deep freezing. Apparently, this process preserves the body
without resulting in any tissue damage. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection.


                                                                                               95
                                           Reference #53


          What did President Dwight Eisenhower really know about the UFO situation?

    Leonard again spoke with Robert Spencer Carr over the phone, who related the following
details regarding President Eisenhower: Apparently, President Eisenhower was playing golf at an
un-named course in Palm Beach, Florida (no date given). Suddenly, a helicopter landed on the
course and picked up the president who was flown to Wright Patterson AFB in Dayton, Ohio (a
significant distance by helicopter requiring multiple fuel stops). The president was then escorted
to a secret facility on the base to view an extraterrestrial spacecraft and its refrigerated occupants.
Special note: This account differs slightly than the commonly referred to story of president
Eisenhower being whisked away from a golf course in Palm Springs, California to meet with
aliens at Edwards AFB in February of 1954. According to Carr, he received this information
from one of the members who was present at the secret location on the day of the president’s
visit. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection


                                                                                                    96
       Clearly, the official policy of the C.I.A. regarding UFOs is to “Lie, Deny, and Deceive.”

   Once inside the hangar where 80 to 100 people were present, President Eisenhower walked
around the craft and viewed the bodies with a look of total disbelief. Then, he turned and asked a
senior military officer: “Where do they come from?” There was no answer from the officer.
Then, the President turned to another officer and asked: “What is their mission”? Apparently, the
officer had no idea. At this point, Carr’s informant told him that the President’s face turned from
a pink, to a bloody red face, and with a raised finger shouted, “We have to know these things
before one word ever reaches the public. No one single word is to reach the public.” Later on,
President Eisenhower asked for an analysis of the situation by the C.I.A., which pompously
declared that it could create a cultural shock around the world. Apparently, their official policy
was to do everything possible to keep this information a secret. This would include: debunking
and character assassination of people reporting UFOs. The heads of the top newswires were
called in and were forced to cooperate. Small town newspapers would be allowed to publish
local UFO stories, but were prohibited from allowing them to receive national coverage. Source:
Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection.


                                                                                                 97
                                           Reference #54


    Leonard spoke with researcher Bob Barry and asked him the location of other UFO
crash/retrievals, which have occurred around the world. According to Mr. Barry, one occurred
near Lima, Peru on November 11, 1975. The craft was un-manned and measured 12 feet high
and eight feet in diameter. The outer surface was coated with a metallic substance which was
determined to be not of earthly origin. The interior of the craft contained a cylindrical instrument
with oval edges. According to Mr. Barry, additional crashes are alleged to have occurred in
Spitzbergen, Norway in 1946, Red China (no date provided), Russia (no date provided), and one
near the town of Nowra in Australia during May of 1976. In addition, a crash of a “wedge
shaped” UFO allegedly occurred near Helena, Montana during September of 1976.
   A significant UFO crash is also alleged to have occurred in New Mexico during 1962.
According to Barry, 20 military personnel were involved and a “communications system” was
successfully retrieved from the craft. Apparently, this device was called a “transceiver,” and
could be used as a communications device that operated on the principles of brain waves. Barry
also stated that this unique device was duplicated by U.S. officials, but was unsuccessful at
“talking down” other UFOs. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection March 23,
1978.


                                                                                                  98
                                       Reference #55


                  How many aliens are being kept in “deep freeze” at WPAFB?
                               (Illustration by Wes Crum)

    Leonard received a call from Judy McGary, who stated that one of her friends recently
attended a Woman’s Club meeting. During the meeting, the guest speaker revealed that he was
from Wright Patterson AFB and stated that they have both discs and alien creatures at the base.
Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection March 7, 1978.


                                                                                              99
       Are alien bodies being preserved at WPAFB which are submerged in liquid helium?
                                  (Illustration by Wes Crum)

   Reference #56: Leonard had a visit from Mike Banks who is a local creative writing teacher.
Mr. Banks told Leonard that he has a friend named Joe Butler who works at Wright Patterson
AFB as a missile engineer. Mr. Butler stated that he also has a close friend that works at
WPAFB. One day, Butler’s friend told him that while working at a restricted area of the base, he
had seen a large transparent tank with three bodies inside. He only got a quick view before the
tank was removed. He described the figures as looking humanoid in appearance and smaller in
size than most humans. It was his opinion that the bodies were being stored in a state of
cryogenic suspension, utilizing either liquid helium or liquid nitrogen at -452 degrees F, as a
means of long term preservation. Special Note: Wikipedia lists liquid helium as a “cryogenic
refrigerant” which exists in liquid form only at an extremely low temperature of -269 degrees
Celsius or -452.2 degrees Fahrenheit (entirely consistent with Mr. Butler’s friend’s testimony).
Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection May 15, 1978.
                                                                                            100
                                          Reference #57


                       Specially configured Army “flat car” scale model

   Len called Mel Smith who gave him some specific details regarding a UFO crash that had
occurred in the southwest during 1957 or 1958. Apparently, this UFO had been tracked on radar
from east to west. The National Guard, with a canine unit, were sent into the cordoned off area.
According to Smith’s contact (at the time, a Lt. Col. in the Air Force, actual identity on file), the
craft was transported to WPAFB via specially configured U.S. Army “flat car,” and was
recorded as “rockets” on the official manifest. Obviously, this entry was designed to conceal the
true contents of the covered box cars. When linked together as a group, these flat cars can
measure 300 feet across and can be covered. Scientists assigned to examine the craft in detail,
originally had difficulty entering the disc, but ultimately gained access by using diamond tipped
drill bits and high powered lasers. Smith also revealed that four beings were recovered from
inside the craft. They were so badly burnt during the crash that their one piece flight suits had
adhered to their flesh. They measured approximately five feet tall and their heads were
disproportionally larger than the rest of their bodies. Smith was later told that the materials found
on the craft ultimately made their way into the U.S. space program in the form of heat resistant
re-entry thermal shields for space capsules. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection
May 8, 1978.


                                                                                                 101
                                      Reference #58


            Is there a secret underground vault containing alien bodies at WPAFB?

   Smith’s contact also revealed that he had seen bodies at Wright Patterson AFB which had
come from multiple UFO crashes. According to Smith, they were being preserved at a
temperature of 120 degrees below zero at an underground facility on the base. Apparently, this
was an expansive area which included five underground chambers, which had a reconnaissance
building built on top. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection


   Are alien cadavers and UFO hardware being kept from the public in a TOP SECRET
underground vault at WPAFB? Could all of Leonard’s military sources be lying? What could be
so secret that would prevent even General Curtis Lemay from gaining access to the so called
“BLUE ROOM?”

                                                                                            102
                                  Reference #59


             Was there a deadly UFO encounter involving jets over Norway?

    Mel Smith also provided Leonard with some startling details regarding a UFO which downed
a group of Norwegian jets (no date given). According to Smith, the recovery team found the
wrecked jets embedded 30 feet into the ground. However, none of the pilots were ever found,
either alive or dead. It was though they had just “vanished.” Later analysis of the metal
fragments of the jets indicated that they had become highly magnetized. Source: Leonard
Stringfield dictation notes collection: May 8, 1978.

                                    Reference #60


                        Did a UFO land at Nellis AFB in 1969?


                                                                                        103
   Smith also related a very interesting case, which occurred at Nellis AFB in either 1968 or
1969. According to Smith, a huge UFO hovered over the base for three days, but was out of
range of interceptors. Apparently this craft must have been at an extremely high altitude over the
base. On the third day, three separate ships came down out of the large craft and one landed on
the runway. The base commander (a Colonel at the time), along with a team of armed military
personnel, were sent to investigate. As they approached the craft, a bright beam of light shot out
which paralyzed the Colonel. Then, a “short and stocky” being emerged from the craft. It was
described as wearing a one piece tight fitting flight suit and seemed to be mentally
communicating with the Colonel in the language of mathematics. According to Smith, the armed
military team that accompanied the Colonel to the scene, all had their guns jammed when they
reached the UFO. Later, the UFO departed and the Colonel was taken to the base hospital.
Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection

                                         Reference #61


    What happened to all the UFO photos and films recorded by gun cameras during WWII?

    Leonard gave a talk to a local pilot’s group in hopes that one of its members might come
forward with additional accounts of UFO crash/retrievals. Two pilots came forward with the
following stories: One commented that while working in a restricted area for the Department of
Defense in Washington, D.C., he saw a stack of UFO photos sitting on a desk. They were all of
excellent quality and the pilot felt that they may have actually been gun camera photos. If the
account is accurate, these photos would certainly qualify as “Holy Grail” evidence.
    Another pilot stated that he had a friend who worked at Wright Patterson AFB. The pilot’s
friend was with several others and was talking about the rumors of “little green men” stored at
the base. Suddenly, they were interrupted by an unnamed gentleman who unceremoniously held
up a very little one piece suit that looked like some sort of uniform and made the off-hand
comment: “what do you think of this?” Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection
April 6, 1978.


                                                                                               104
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                     (Part 19)


 Even military sources known by former astronaut Gordon Cooper confirm that agencies of the
              U.S. government are in possession of “aliens” and “UFO hardware”

   Reference #62: Leonard spoke with former astronaut Gordon Cooper who again highlighted a
series of highly significant comments on the subject of UFOs/aliens. Leonard asked Cooper if he
knew anything about “aliens” being kept at Wright Patterson AFB. Cooper said he knew nothing,
even though he was stationed there at one time. Apparently, Leonard’s constant questioning and
persistence sparked further interest in the former astronaut. Attempting to get some hard answers
on the subject from a reliable source, Cooper called an old friend who had a military/medical
background and was a member of the National Security Council. To his utter astonishment, this
gentleman verified what Leonard’s sources had been saying all along.
   According to Cooper, his source told him: “I was a total skeptic when the subject first came
up, but I’m a total believer since that day.” Cooper then went on to say: “I wonder what else has
been lost in the vaults. I know what I saw and photographed on the Edwards AFB air strip that
day and no one can make me believe any other way.” Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation
notes collection November 15, 1977.


                                                                                             105
                                       Reference #63


 Is there an underground UFO base near Fort Chaffee Maneuver Training Center in Arkansas?


          Are military helicopters used for logistical support during UFO test flights?

    Leonard received a letter from researcher Tommy Blann dated November 19, 1981. In the
letter, Blann states that there are a number of underground military installations that support
UFO operations. These include remote and obscure “deserted hangar buildings” on seemingly
unsuspecting training centers and “closed” military bases. According to Blann, Sheriff Don
Rystrom of Bentonville, Arkansas discovered what might be one of these hangars at Fort Chaffee
Maneuver Training Center (near Fort Smith, Arkansas). Within the hangar, Sheriff Rystrom
found helicopters and sophisticated electronic equipment. It’s interesting to note that sightings of
low level UFOs have been spotted within the immediate vicinity of Fort Chaffee. Blann’s letter
also described a personal UFO sighting he had near Calvert, Texas that involved double rotor
Chinook CH-47 military helicopters which were “escorting” two UFOs. The helicopters
completely surrounded the UFOs, but always maintained a certain distance from it (similar to the
Cash/Landrum incident of December 29, 1980). Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes
collection November 19, 1981.
                                                                                                106
                                        Reference #64


      Were two flying saucers accidentally discovered in a hangar at WPAFB during 1963?

    Leonard received some very interesting details from a first had eyewitness who claims to
have seen two flying saucers in a hangar at Wright Patterson AFB during 1963. The source
known as “PJ” (actual identity on file), was a Captain in the Navy at the time of the incident. He
later became a pilot for Braniff Airlines. According to “PJ,” he was on special assignment at
WPAFB when he saw the two craft. One was out in plain view within the guarded hangar and
propped up on what looked like some type of pedestal. This may have been done to give
engineers at the Foreign Technology Division a better view of its lower surface.
    He stated that one craft appeared to be approximately 30 feet in diameter with absolutely no
rivets on its outer surface. This apparently was a two-man craft, while the other saucer could
accommodate a crew of 12. He provided no dimensions for the size of the larger craft. When he
arrived on assignment at WPAFB, the Navy Captain barely began his duties when he was called
in by base authorities. He was then questioned about what he saw in the hangar to which he
replied “I didn’t see anything.” Apparently, the Captain had been in the military long enough to
know when he was not supposed to see something TOP SECRET and how to react to it. Source:
Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection.


                                                                                               107
                                        Reference #65


                    Did a UFO land in Hawaii in 1944 during World War II?


                           Did the OSS capture a female alien in 1944?

    Leonard spoke with Lou Farrish of the UFO news-clipping service, who related an incredible
story. According to Farrish, a UFO landed in Hawaii during 1944. It was encountered by a
merchant marine, who had a conversation with the occupants. After approximately one day, the
craft attempted to depart, but was shot down by American fighters and towed all the way back to
San Diego (presumably the 32nd street Naval Station). One female occupant was allegedly
captured by the O.S.S. (Office of Strategic Services). Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes
collection: May 9, 1980.


                                                                                              108
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                     (Part 20)


      Exactly how much did Howard Hughes know about the ongoing activities at Area 51?

        Reference #66: Contained within the Stringfield collection was a letter written by Jim
Gray dated April 11, 1980. Mr. Gray relates that his father (William Lamson) came to New York
in the early 1960s to visit for a few days. He lived in Nevada during the early 1950s. Eventually,
the subject of UFOs came up and Mr. Lamson stated that he had seen red lights each evening
flying over the mountains to the west of his ranch. Apparently, between 8:00 and 9:00 P.M.,
“like clockwork,” these UFOs would appear as a single light, closely followed by two, and then
three. In some cases, the UFOs would come up from behind the mountains, and then hover until
another group would join them. Then, the entire group would shoot straight up and out of sight.
These flight characteristics would certainly rule out a Lockheed U-2 spy-plane. According to Mr.
Lamson, this went on for days and weeks at a time. The fact that these UFOs appeared on a
consistent schedule, during the same time at night, indicates that they may have been part of
some type of classified test flight program.
    It was the assessment of Mr. Gray, that some type of saucer reconstruction effort was taking
place at Area 51 during the 1950s. He also speculated that the program was a joint CIA/Hughes
Aircraft Company effort, due to the fact that the Hughes Aircraft Company was involved in a
significant amount of classified research for the government. This included work on submarines,
radar, missiles, and satellite systems. In fact, it’s been known for decades that the Hughes
Aircraft Company has a dedicated facility/laboratory at Area 51. The Hughes Aircraft Company
was founded in 1932 by Howard Hughes and was acquired by General Motors in 1985. It was
eventually sold to Raytheon in 1997. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes April 11, 1980.


                                                                                              109
                                         Reference #67


       What dark secrets lie just inside the perimeter gate at Wright Patterson AFB?

    Within the same latter, Mr. Gray stated that he had a friend who lived in Dayton, Ohio during
the time period of 1948-1950. Gray’s friend swore that one evening while driving back from a
friend’s house around midnight, he saw an object being loaded onto a transporter at Wright
Patterson AFB. He described it as having an aluminum exterior appearance, with a circular
shape. Military personnel were placing a tarp over the craft to conceal it from view. Gray’s
friend stopped his car, got out, and walked over to a nearby security fence to get a better view. At
this point, an armed guard came along and ordered him to leave the area. Source: Leonard
Stringfield dictation notes collection April 11, 1980.


                                                                                                110
                                       Reference #68


     Are American test pilots flying UFOs under a program known as “Project Redlight?”
                                  (Illustration by Wes Crum)

   Leonard received a letter from Mr. D. L. Dobbs dated April 5, 1980. In the letter, Mr. Dobbs
makes reference to “MH” (actual identity on file) who performed radio maintenance at the
atomic proving ground in Nevada during the time period of 1961-1963. He also performed some
Top Secret radio work for the Air Force. According to “MH,” Area 51 was located 60 miles east
of his base camp behind a mountain range separating it from Yucca Flat (site of underground
nuclear weapons tests). “MH” went on to state that a TOP SECRET operation was conducted at
Area 51 known as “Project Redlight.” A recovered UFO had been shipped from Edwards AFB
and was beginning test flights. It was not conventionally powered and was silent during
operation. Security associated with Project Redlight was so strict that no one stayed on the
program for more than six months. “MH” also heard rumors that American aerospace/defense
contractors on the West Coast had a difficult time duplicating or “reverse engineering” many of
the components found on the UFO. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection April
5, 1980.


                                                                                            111
    Reference #69: Leonard received an anonymous letter dated November 12, 1981 which
appeared to give a general overview of the entire UFO crash/retrieval subject, including possible
alien bodies recovered. The letter has been reproduced in this report for the very first time.

   CONFIDENTIAL REPORT

   Date: March 14, 1975
   Subject matter: Operations and Recovery
   Source: Lt. Col. Simms, USAF

   Summary of Report

    During March of 1975, I came into contact with a Lt. Col. Simms (pseudonym), who is
stationed at Carswell AFB, Fort Worth, Texas. I met Lt. Col. Sims through another military
officer that was also stationed at Carswell AFB, who was a relative to a very good friend of
mine. There were many exchanges of communication between myself and my friend and the
other military officer before Lt. Col. Simms decided to meet with me in person. Before meeting
with Lt. Col. Simms, I had been told by my friend that he knew of a military officer that was
involved in UFO research. He felt that this officer might be able to tell me something very
interesting if he could get both of us together. He was aware of my lengthy involvement in the
subject and he was sure that I might be able to gain some valuable data. I know this is an
understatement now, since I did not expect to find out what I did. I was under the assumption
that it would be general information.
    A number of things transpired over this period of time and I agreed not to divulge his real
name or present position within the military, nor that of any other active military officer or
names of his relatives in which this story might be tracked back to those officers. I am making a
report on this in the event that one day it may serve some purpose, just like other material in my
files that has not been made public. But for now, the nature of this material prohibits me from
bringing it before the attention of others, including some of my fellow ufologists. I have already
witnessed the public’s reaction to the crashed disc stories that have appeared in a few books and
I know the reaction that this would receive from various ufologists. My credibility would
probably be at stake since I could not prove my statements without violating my source’s wishes
to remain anonymous.


                                                                                               112
   I am also of the opinion that the public is not ready for this type of information if it is true and
there are no ufologists that would risk their reputation to pursue this matter at this point in time.
One man has already made certain statements to this effect and that man is Robert Carr. He
claims to have knowledge of crashed discs and humanoid bodies and he went public with it at a
conference held in Tampa, Florida. After these statements were made, I noticed the reaction by
some well known ufologists, and they didn’t seem to take him seriously. It may be that these
stories belong in the same category as the contactee syndrome however, I cannot understand why
a high ranking military officer would tell me a lie. There must be some truth in this somewhere.


Carswell AFB Fort Worth, TX, home of the 8th Air Force and initial destination of the Roswell
debris during July of 1947 (then Carswell Army Air Field).

   Lt. Col. Simms first discussed with me the UFO operations at Carswell AFB, Fort Worth,
Texas and it was at this time that I asked permission to tape record the session and he denied my
request. Therefore, I resorted to taking quick notes and trying to remember every detail that was
discussed. He told me that a number of military bases and corporations were involved in varying
degrees of UFO research and investigations. A partial list follows: Special division within the
Pentagon called the Artificial Intelligence Group, Wright Patterson AFB, Carswell AFB, Fort

                                                                                                   113
Hood/Gray Base, Holloman AFB, MacDill AFB, Edwards AFB, Tinker AFB, Scott AFB,
Brooks AFB, Kelly AFB, Hanscom AFB, Barksdale AFB, Lockbourne AFB, NASA, NORAD,
Langley AFB, Offutt AFB, Maxwell AFB, Houma AFB, Nellis AFB, Goddard Spaceflight
Center, Grand Forks AFB and a number of others outside the United States. Some of the research
labs and corporations are: M.I.T., Los Alamos Laboratories, Sandia Labs, Air Force Weapons
Laboratory Kirtland, Bell Labs, Lawrence Livermore Labs, Hughes Aircraft, Oak Ridge National
Laboratory, Ames Research Center, McDonnell Douglas, Sperry Rand, Air America Inc., and
others.


                                     (Stanford University)
Has the United States government enlisted the aid of top universities to back-engineer extra-
terrestrial spacecraft and examine alien cadavers?

   He also told me that a number of different major universities had participated with the
government, that is, certain scientists within those universities. Some of these are: Stanford
University, University of California, University of Wisconsin, University of Nevada, University
of Michigan, Rockefeller University and others not mentioned. He said there was international
cooperation on this program in which he cited England, Canada and France as being actively
involved with the United States. He felt that the Soviet Union had much more information in this
area than the United States and that some of these UFO sightings may be experimental models
developed by the Soviet Union.


                                                                                                114
Does the United States have multiple strategically placed underground facilities containing vast
computer banks of UFO data? Has the U.S. government gone “paperless” regarding the UFO
issue?

   He spoke of several main computer banks, both here in the U.S. and outside, that store highly
classified data that only a few individuals have the necessary high level security clearance to
access. This method, he informed me, prevented security leaks. He also went on to state that
there were a number of secret underground installations scattered across the United States and
Mexico and each one housed sophisticated computer equipment, electronic instrumentation and
mobile radar units (RED-EYE RADAR SYSTEMS). These underground installations, as well as
some isolated areas of military reservations, have squadrons of unmarked helicopters which have
sophisticated instrumentation on board that are dispatched to areas of UFO activity to monitor
these craft or airlift them out of the area if one has malfunctioned.


                                                                                              115
How much involvement does the United States Navy have in UFO recovery operations and the
retrieval of alien bodies? Illustration by Wes Crum.

    When I asked him about the crashed discs and humanoid bodies being taken to Wright
Patterson AFB in Dayton, Ohio, he told me that, “In earlier years they had taken some bodies to
the base, but later it depended on where they were found. They had a hell of a time setting up
procedures for this operation as well as getting the craft out of the area without it being observed.
Usually this was conducted at nighttime.” He feels the bodies are now being flown outside the
U.S. to a secret naval installation on an island in the Pacific Ocean. I asked him if there was a
code name to these missions and he told me that all he knows is that the ones who fly the
choppers are called “Blue Boys.”
    I then asked him if he had ever observed a crashed craft and any humanoid bodies. He then
hesitated and said that he had only witnessed one crashed craft which was in northern New
Mexico during the summer of 1962. It was a dull aluminum looking, disc-shaped craft like two
saucers inverted end on end with a dark section running around the center of the craft. It
appeared to be approximately 30 feet in diameter and about 12 feet high. There was no
noticeable landing gear and the craft had skidded, digging up a small trench and coming to rest in
a small impact crater. There was a team of eight men wearing jump suits and gas masks. Each
man had a specific job to do and they wasted no time. The main testing is not done in the field,
only the preliminary data is recorded. He said if you hear of a case where there are large numbers
of men crawling all over the craft without proper attire and doing all types of testing, you can bet
it didn’t happen.


                                                                                                 116
             Were alien bodies sent to Los Alamos National Labs for analysis?

   There were two bodies recovered from the craft and they were put in a large unmarked silver
van and whisked off. I did not get a good look at the bodies, however, they looked small and
dressed in silver looking, skin tight flight suits. They were taken to Holloman AFB, as well as
the craft, and then sections of the craft were sent to various research labs, including Los Alamos
Laboratories. The bodies may also have been taken to Los Alamos Laboratories and samples sent
to other locations. They were not taken to Wright Patterson AFB and later I heard they had been
flown outside the United States to the island I mentioned earlier. He would not give me any
further details and stated he had said enough, too much. I find that what he has told me to be in
complete contradiction to what Robert Carr has stated or what I have read. I presently don’t
know if the man is telling me the complete truth, but I do know that some things he stated
coincided with what I already knew and had learned from other sources.

 End of Report

 Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection November 12, 1981


                                                                                              117
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                     (Part 21)


    Did the UFO information “clamp-down” begin within the news media right after Roswell?

       Reference #70: Leonard spoke with Leon Crice who stated that he had seen a short news
report on one of the first commercially available television sets sometime between 1948 and
1950. The broadcast originated from WDEL in Wilmington, Delaware. The report stated that a
crashed disc was recovered on the Rio Grande River near the Mexican border in Texas. The craft
was sitting on a sand dune, surrounded by military personnel. The news report also showed a Lo-
Boy trailer which was involved in the recovery effort, as well as a crane and a Jeep. At the point
when the news announcer was reporting that the object was being transported to California, the
television screen suddenly went black, and he was cut-off. Then, a totally different subject was
broadcast over the air. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection April 11, 1980.


                                                                                              118
                                       Reference #71


            Did a UFO crash near the White Sands Proving Grounds during 1948?

   Leonard received some valuable information from a source in the military (last name on file).
The source indicated that a flying saucer had crashed near the White Sands Proving Grounds
during 1948. The craft measured 100 feet in diameter and 30 feet high with port-holes located
around the outer circumference. The exterior skin of the craft was as thin as a newspaper, but
stronger than any known metal on earth at the time. It had been sitting out in the open for at least
two days before authorities decided what to do with it. Eventually, a “trap-door” was located on
the disc, revealing five dead alien bodies inside. They were four feet tall and wore pale-blue
uniforms. The area immediately surrounding the crash site was cordoned off by 100 military
police officers. Apparently, the C.I.A. and the Air Force were not involved in the recovery effort.
The source indicated that this crash/retrieval effort was being directed by the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, along with the Security Council. He believes the craft was eventually sent to Wright
Patterson AFB in Ohio. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection April 11, 1980.


                                                                                                119
                                        Reference #72


 Were theoretical physicists and mathematicians also tapped to help solve the UFO mystery?
                                 (Illustration by Wes Crum)

   Leonard spoke with Guiart de Alaise who had an uncle that worked as a
physicist/mathematician at the Pentagon on Einstein’s Unified Field Theory. Guiart stated that
his uncle analyzed metal fragments that originated from an alien craft that crashed during the
1950s. The fragments were composed of a special “matrix” (the metal constituting the major part
of an alloy), which was unlike material found on earth. According to Guiart, his uncle also
viewed the bodies associated with the craft. They were described as having an over-sized head
and were grayish in color. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection July 2, 1980.


                                                                                             120
                                         Reference #73


                    How many UFO secrets were kept at Lowry AFB?

   Within the Stringfield collection was a report dated April 8, 1949 that originated from
Montrose, Colorado. The report indicated that Air Force Intelligence had recovered two small
segments from a “flying disc” that caused a media sensation during the summer of 1947 (the
report did not specify Roswell). One of the pieces was in the possession of “NC” (actual identity
on file) from Montrose, Colorado. He was eventually ordered to turn over the piece to Air Force
Intelligence. Another piece of debris was recovered within a one mile section of rugged terrain
15 miles west of Delta, Colorado. Pieced together, the segments were evidentially part of a
“wheel flight instrument” which measured approximately four feet in diameter. The report
indicated that the pieces were taken to Lowry Air Force Base near Denver for further analysis.


                                                                                              121
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                     (Part 22)


 How many TOP SECRET UFO motion picture film reels are in the possession of the military?
                          (Illustration by Wes Crum)

       Reference #74: Leonard was included in a conference call between UFO researcher
William Hamilton and ABC news reporter Mary Coleman. This call was specifically in reference
to a 14-17 minute color motion picture film reel which was in the possession of Mrs. Coleman’s
source. The film was said to depict military personnel (including the commanding officer),
which were standing around a disc-shaped craft inside a hangar. The film also allegedly depicted
alien bodies. Coleman stated that only three people had viewed the film. Source: Leonard
Stringfield dictation notes collection June 23, 1980.


                                                                                            122
                                          Reference #75


Was a UFO hiding inside a TOP SECRET building at the Great Lakes Naval Station in 1973?

    Within the Stringfield collection was a reference to a UFO which was allegedly seen at the
Great Lakes Naval Station in Illinois. Leonard’s source was UFO researcher Don Jernigan who
stated that he knew a guard (actual identity on file) who was assigned to the Great Lakes Naval
Station in 1973. He was on guard duty outside a remote Quonset-style building in the north-east
sector of the base. At one point, he had to deliver a special message to the commander of
operations and was granted access to the building. Once inside, he was met by two “burly
seebees” who escorted him down a long corridor. This corridor turned left into another long
corridor which led to a big open hangar-like warehouse area. It was from this section of the
building that he got his first glance at a strange craft. He described it as an oblong or tear-shaped
object, approximately three fourths the size of a city bus, or 35 feet in length. The body tapered
to a sharp point at the end and it had a flat bottom. It was 10 to 15 feet thick at its widest section
and appeared to have a silver-white glow around its exterior. Upon further inspection, the guard
noticed that the glow had a slight “blue tint” to it. The craft had no landing gear or windows, but
a small flange was seen running around its outer surface. The craft was propped up on a
platform, which allowed engineers and naval personnel to get a closer view of its lower surface.
This section of the building was crawling with guards holding drawn weapons.


                                                                                                   123
Illustration of the UFO which was encountered at the Great Lakes Naval Station


                                                                                 124
  Was a UFO shot down by the Navy and stored at the 32nd Street Naval Station in San Diego?

    Further evidence to support this bazaar case came from a sailor that the guard met in a local
bar in San Diego three months before he arrived in Chicago. After a few beers, the sailor
loosened up and told him an exotic tale. The sailor told him that he had been on a navy vessel
between San Diego and Hawaii (no date given) when a UFO made a number of passes overhead,
before it was hit by a missile launched from the deck of the ship. The impact caused a
malfunction in the craft and it eventually landed in 350 feet of water. However, the sailor
indicated that no dent was made in the craft due to the missile strike. He also stated that “life
forms” were removed from inside the object. Evidentially, vibrations or impact from the missile
turned the occupants into a “gellified” state. Eventually, the craft was towed all the way to San
Diego for further analysis (presumably at the 32nd Street Naval Station). He then drew a sketch
of the craft for the guard. Upon seeing the sketch, the guard told Don Jernigan (source for this
case) that he immediately recognized it as being the same craft he had seen at the Great Lakes
Naval Station in 1973. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection June 16, 1980.

                  FOLKS, I DIDN’T MAKE THIS STUFF UP! (the author)


                                                                                              125
                                           Reference #76


                  Was “Project Red Light” associated with “Operation Red Dot?”

   Leonard spoke with NASA space scientist Clark McClelland, who stated that he had been
talking to Professor Robert Carr in Florida. Carr stated that he had a source who was a PhD, who
told him that he saw two officers board a UFO on an un-named Nevada site. The craft lifted off
and then joined two others which were already flying nearby. Then, according to the PhD, the
original craft that he witnessed lifting off suddenly disintegrated. Carr’s source indicated that the
name of the program was “Operation Red Dot.” This bears a striking similarity to the previously
mentioned “Project Red Light” (U.S. program to fly UFOs using American test pilots).
   Additional supporting evidence for this case came from two highly respected radar engineers
who were suddenly called to Nellis AFB in an effort to repair some radar equipment. While they
were there, they said they saw a saucer shaped craft sitting on landing gear. Then, two U.S.
officers got on-board the craft. The two engineers assumed that the officers knew how to fly the
vehicle. The next day, the same two officers boarded the craft again, but this time it actually took
off. It rose to an altitude of 7,000 feet and then suddenly, six other craft appeared out of nowhere.
They circled the original Nellis UFO, which then disintegrated in mid-air. Then, the other six
UFOs flew away. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection June 13, 1980.


                                                                                                 126
                                          Reference #77


     Was the Air Force Materiel Command involved in reverse engineering ET hardware?

    Reference #75: Leonard spoke with Professor Robert Carr who told him an interesting story,
which concerned a Master Sergeant in the Air Force (actual name on file). The source was
discharged in 1974. He served in the Air Force Materiel Command at Wright Patterson AFB for
a period of ten years. According to Carr, his source was Sgt. of the guard where UFO material
was being stored, and had “keys to Hangar 18.” One day, he entered a restricted facility on the
base and started taking photos of alleged alien bodies. Apparently, this Sergeant attempted to sell
these photos to the media, but was unsuccessful due to the fact that he could not produce
substantiating evidence. He eventually moved to Windsor, Canada to avoid any further military
contact. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection June 13, 1980.


                                                                                               127
                          Reference #78: The Aztec UFO crash/retrieval


                Hart Canyon, NM                          1960s style swivel seat

   Leonard received some additional information from Robert Carr regarding the UFO crash
which occurred 14 miles west of Aztec, New Mexico during March of 1948. According to Carr,
he obtained his information from 14 first hand eyewitnesses. The craft landed on a stony plateau
in Hart Canyon and was resting at a slight angle. Between 12 and 16 occupants were recovered
from inside the craft, despite the fact that it only had 12 “swivel seats.” There was a jagged hole
near the upper mid-section of the UFO, which may have been the result of decompression or
impact with the ground. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection July 13, 1980.


Are standard issue military “rapid response” Quonset huts and walk-in freezers used to conceal
UFOs at crash sites and preserve alien cadavers?

    Reference #79: Leonard spoke with Ron Curtis who had a source that was a Marine in 1967
(actual identity on file). According to the Marine, he was brought in from Camp Pendelton via an
aircraft which had blacked-out windows, along with a detachment of 15 additional Marines to an
airfield somewhere in the southwest. It was about a 2-1/2 hour flight and he remembered seeing
tall cacti when he got off the plane. Upon arrival, the team was charged with erecting a metallic
Quonset style hut, which was used to conceal a UFO that was seven meters in diameter.
Apparently, the UFO was brought inside the hut once the detachment of Marines were escorted
away from the area. His job was to guard the hut and he was able to get a quick glance inside.
The Marine stated that it had a dome on the top and he was close enough to touch it. It had a dull
metallic exterior appearance and was completely seamless, with no windows. He also stated that
the hut contained body bags, and a “walk-in freezer.” He saw no alien bodies during his quick
glance inside the hut. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection August 7, 1980.

                                                                                                128
                            Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                      (Part 23)

                                          Reference #80


  Did a radar operator from Texarkana airport view an ET craft and nine alien bodies with large
                        heads at a USAF base? (Illustration by Wes Crum)

       Leonard received an anonymous undated, hand written letter that has been reproduced
here for the first time.

   Back in 1964 and 1965, I was working at the N.C.O. club (part time) at the radar station that
was at the airport here in Texarkana. I met Hank Henry there. He was stationed with the radar
station. I got to know him fairly well, and we got to talking about his job, and I asked him if he
had ever spotted any UFOs on the radar. He said not here, but I have seen them on radar. He said
I’m not supposed to talk about it, but there are many of them all the time. In fact, I’ve seen a
spaceship and the bodies. I said you’re kidding, and he said it was at an Air Force base that he
was stationed at before he was transferred to Texarkana. He said the ship was under guard, but
he had seen a silver saucer shaped ship and nine little bodies. They were 3-1/2 to 4-1/2 feet tall,
with round looking heads, no hair, and their skin was greenish white looking.
   They wore metallic looking suits and hoods. He said he couldn’t stay in there very long and
couldn’t describe them any other way. His home was in Pratt, Kansas. I know his mother’s name
was Evelyn, the same as mine. Her’s is the only one I do remember. He has a sister. I always
called him Hank, but his name was either Aaron or Allen Henry. Many of his friends called him
Al, so it must be Allen. I do remember his dog’s name was Pepi. His father was in his 60s then,
so I don’t know if he is still alive or not. The last I heard from Hank, his APO was San
Francisco, California. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection.


                                                                                               129
 Was an autopsy performed on this alien inside a medical lab at Wright Patterson AFB?

   Reference #79: Leonard had a conversation with a Mr. Schwartz who related the following
information:

  1) A Cleveland doctor knows a pathologist specializing in blood chemistry who performed
     autopsies on three foot tall creatures with the “wrap around eyes” at Wright Patterson
     AFB.

  2) He knows Branch Lotspeich, an educator and relative of “Dr. EL” (actual identity on file),
     who is a Cincinnati neuro surgeon, who was also called in on the Wright Patterson
     “creature” autopsies.
     .
     Leonard summarized his understanding of the “Hangar 18” story:

      A UFO supposedly crashed in New Mexico. The craft was secretly taken by the military
      to Wright Patterson AFB which was Air Force Central in those days. This all took place in
      the 1940s. The National Enquirer just reported the whole story about seven or eight
      months ago. In the craft were the bodies of three or four extraterrestrials. Some accounts
      describe them as of normal earth height, like us, but with pure white skin, others describe
      them as being three to four feet tall.


                                                                                             130
                                 Reference #81


Were alien bodies stored at the Aero Med Lab at Wright Patterson AFB or somewhere else?

     Leonard spoke with Pat Mitchell who told him about his father’s statement regarding
  Wright Patterson AFB. “JM” (actual identity on file) was an electrician in the Navy, and
  worked in the photographic section. He later worked at WPAFB after the war. Pat
  remembered his father telling him that there was a building on the base that only those
  with the highest level of security clearance could get near. He also mentioned that the
  building in question did have refrigeration capability. During another time, Pat recalled
  his father saying: “They have frozen beings at the base, but no one will ever see them.”
  Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection February 25, 1977.


                                                                                         131
                          Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                    (Part 24)


Has an official UFO movie “made the rounds” at various military bases within the United States
and over-seas?
                              (Drawing by Michael Schratt)


    Reference #82: Leonard received an interesting letter from Bufford Rathefy dated November
22, 1981, which has been reproduced in this report for the very first time. Sometime in the
spring/summer or early fall of 1968, I was introduced to Mr. (John Doe) name confidential who
had just been discharged from the U.S. regular Army while a Spec 5. Just before his discharge,
he was ordered to report to a certain military building where he met other soldiers, but nobody
knew the reason why they were there. Then someone there in charge told them that they would
be showing them a movie on UFOs. The movie lasted about half an hour in duration. The objects
seen in the film were top shaped, saucer shaped, and some were poorly defined. The film
stressed the shapes of UFOs, their speed, and their ability to hover and disappear instantly.


                                                                                           132
   John Doe could not recall seeing any bodies or UFO occupants. He also said the movie was
confidential and he gave me the impression he did not want to talk to me about it, or anyone else,
and I had to assure him I would not use his name. He also stated that they said in the movie that
some UFOs had crashed and with this, he dried up. The base building they reported to, was
located in Munich, Germany. He was with the 7th U.S. Army. They were briefed after the movie,
and told to write up reports on any sightings that they might make state-side and send them to the
U.S. Army. He was also told not to talk to anyone on sightings they might make or the movie
they had seen. I made contact 22-Nov-81. The new data is included in this report. I vouch 100%
for the above data. This ex-GI has nothing to gain and will be in serious trouble should the
military learn of his name and release of data. But, he and I both feel safe to use data without his
name or initials.

   Bufford Rathefy
   November 22, 1981

                         Reference #83: The mysterious alien black box


What was found inside the mysterious “black box” worn by aliens who were recovered from
multiple UFO crashes? Were engineers from the Foreign Technology Division at WPAFB ever
able to view its interior components?

                                                                                                133
    Leonard spoke with a source from Riverside, California (no name given) who told him the
following: “All the aliens wore this black box as an oversized belt buckle. It was approximately
four inches long, three inches high, and about half to 1 inch in depth. It looked as if it was made
out of bowling ball material. There were no lights on it, just three buttons. One button seemed to
be used for communication. One button rendered them invisible and the third was some sort of
weapon. It was the one that killed the Navy officer’s pet cat. I had the box in my hand when the
OSS officer suggested I try it. I turned it towards the cat. The cat’s insides melted. You could have
rolled the animal up like a wet dish cloth. The Navy officer was quite upset. When the box got hot, I
sat it down on the desk, where it fused into the top of the desk. It wouldn’t come lose. We used
solvent to disconnect it from the varnish of the desk. It was wrapped up and taken away by the
OSS.” Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection.

                                            Reference #84


           Can so many military sources claiming a UFO crashed in New Mexico all be lying?
                                  (Illustration by John MacNeill)

   Leonard received an undated letter from Randall Clement, which has been reproduced in this report for
the first time.

   Leonard:

   Lack of anything interesting coming to my attention has kept me out of touch with you in the past
months. However, this evening at work I heard an unusual story that I thought might be of interest to you.
A highway patrolman where I work at told me the story a few hours ago before he went off-duty. It seems
that about seven years ago he was taking a survival course in San Louis Obispo with several other
patrolmen. The course was being taught by a Colonel (full-bird) Juarito. Near the end of the class, he told
the officers that he knew of a retrieved saucer and occupants from New Mexico.

                                                                                                       134
   Supposedly, he had talked to people who were part of the recovery team. He knew that the saucer and
occupants were being stored someplace in New Mexico and he had it on good authority the US
government was going to release the information within the next three months. The patrolman said he has
been waiting for seven years and wonders what happened. Anyway, he was in a hurry to get home and
said he would discuss it with me in a few days when I came back if I was interested. So, I will try and get
more information for you if this Colonel is not one of your contacts. If it is and you don’t want me to
investigate any further, please advise.

Thank you,

   Randall Clement


                                                                                                       135
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                     (Part 25)


                        Was a live alien taken to the Nellis AFB hospital?


   Reference #85: Leonard spoke with Barbara Shutte, who had a new source of information.
The source is a Lt. Col. from the Air Force Reserve (actual identity on file). He had extensive
background in weapons, and training pilots. According to the Lt. Col. he was at an Air Force
base in Nevada (no year or location mentioned), when a UFO crashed. One live alien was taken
to a hospital and lived for one day before dying. He received this information from officers with
whom he works. The Col. was told by officials overseeing the retrieval operation: “If you enjoy
your rank and good health, keep your mouth shut.” He also stated that every branch of the
military has their own specific UFO team. According to the source, there was no question
regarding the identity of the bodies recovered from the crash: “They are extraterrestrial, but the
public just wouldn’t understand.” Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes October 29, 1981.


                                                                                               136
                                         Reference #86


                                   Illustration by Michael Schratt

    Included within the Stringfield collection was an official MUFON case report regarding a
UFO that crashed in Salinas, California on August 3, 1947. The description of the craft from the
primary eyewitness, and a brand new drawing of the UFO, has been included in this report.


    Drawing by Michael Schratt 12/15/13. Original sketch by Paul Cerny November 1978


                                                                                             137
                                Salinas, California Crashed Saucer
                                                 by
                              Paul C. Cerny, Western Regional Director


    A small discoid type aircraft was discovered in the middle of a carrot patch a few miles south
of Salinas, California in the summer of 1947. The time was 9:00 AM, and the month was either
July or August of that year. The object had apparently come down in the night as it was
discovered just sitting there in the morning by the vegetable ranch foreman. The object was
approximately nine feet in diameter and four feet high. It appeared to be made out of a dull metal
resembling aluminum. The shape was double discoid, that is like two soup bowls edge to edge.
There was a series of elongated or rectangular ports completely surrounding the edge or rim area.
Nothing could be observed through these. There were no markings, insignia, numbers or any
other I.D. on the craft. It seemed undamaged and unoccupied. No visible means of propulsion
could be seen.
    The interviewed witness (name on file) was 19 years of age at the time, was cutting hay in an
adjacent field along with a fellow worker of approximately the same age. At the time, they were
unaware of its presence until the ranch foreman came by and told them. Their curiosity urged
them to go and look at it. The witness, who is now a local respected businessman in the Bay area,
does not want his name used in connection with this incident. Since it was so long ago, and he
was so young at the time, he does not recall the names of his working partner, the foreman, or the
ranch owners, as the ranch could have changed hands several times in that span of time.
    Keeping their distance, within reason, they cautiously walked around the object. The witness
then stated that he got up enough nerve to run up and kick it for any possible reaction, none was
forth coming. About that time, an Air Force truck approached with a long flat-bed trailer
attached, along with a contingent of military personnel. They instructed the two young men to
“get lost,” and warned them not to breath a word about what they had seen. From a distance, the
witness and his companion observed the military group proceed to struggle the vehicle onto the
truck bed, cover it with a tarp, secure it, and drive off. That was the last they saw or heard of it.
Inquiring of the foreman later, they learned that the ranch owners had informed the military
authorities of the object’s presence.


                                                                                                 138
                                       Reference #87


Was the flight control system on the man-made ARV (Alien Reproduction Vehicle) patterned
after an original ET craft that utilized head-band transceivers, which read the thoughts of its alien
crew?

    Len spoke to a Mr. Hines who had a source from Bell Labs. The informant stated that he was
on the flight-line at a California AFB in the early 1950s, and saw a UFO retrieval brought in. He
allegedly saw a “cut-away” of the recovered craft, plus the head-band transceiver worn by the
aliens. Anyone involved with the retrieval was subject to intense scrutiny and search.
Apparently, one man must have kept a part of the craft and he mysteriously disappeared. He was
never seen again. The source feels that the man was eliminated. Source: Leonard Stringfield
dictation notes collection.

                                          Reference #88


          Was an ET craft and a live alien hidden at Pueblo Army Depot in Colorado?


                                                                                                 139
   Leonard received an undated letter from Dottie Burrow. In the letter, Mrs. Burrow stated that
she knew a source that claims to have seen two small spacecraft at Pueblo Army Depot in
Pueblo, Colorado (no date mentioned). He had also heard that they had a live alien body at one
time that lived for 18 months. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection.

                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                     (Part 26)


        Was a UFO retrieved by the military in the Superstition Mountains during 1947?


    Reference #89: Leonard spoke with UFO researcher William Hamilton who gave him the
name of a new source. According to the source that was in the Navy at the time, a UFO crashed
in the Superstition Mountains, north of Apache Junction, Arizona in 1947. Multiple witnesses
encountered an area that was cordoned off by the military. The source stated that he saw a disc-
shaped craft with a dome, which was lying in a canyon. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation
notes collection October 11, 1980.


                                                                                              140
                                    Reference #90


Was an extraterrestrial UFO stored at Pease AFB in 1979?

   Leonard received a letter from Betty (no last name mentioned) dated October 28, 1980. The
specific UFO portion of this letter has been reproduced in this report for the first time.

   Dear Len,

   Last night I attended the opening of a recording studio here in Portsmouth. Most of the guests
were media people. They had two gripes: 1. The military here shooting down UFOs. 2. Slapping
a TOP SECRET classification so they were unable to report these activities to the media. Vida
Peterson, Route 1, York, Maine said that she has eye witnesses to the military shooting down of
a UFO off Nubble light last spring. Also, she knows at least one former serviceman stationed at
Pease AFB who saw the UFO at the end of the flight line, placed in “quarantine” and later
transported to an unknown destination. It was brought in by helicopters, apparently during the
night, but two Coast Guard Cutters were involved in the retrieval of this craft. The eyewitnesses
were so outraged, they called a radio station, who broadcast this information about the shooting
down of the craft. Later, when they checked with Pease, they were told the classification was
TOP SECRET. But she said it was a large number of people who witnessed this shooting and
saw this clearly for it was done in daylight, over the ocean.

                                                                                              141
What specific role do military helicopters play in UFO shoot-down and retrieval operations?

   Kathy, who does the news on WBBX, a local radio station, told me that her father and his
three friends were playing golf in Pennsylvania. when a UFO crashed and burned on the course,
not far from them. There was nothing they could do, so they stayed and watched, shocked, and
within ten minutes the military was there and her father and three friends were taken into
custody. They were held on the base for the weekend for “debriefing.” They went back to the
golf course and found four burned areas on the ground where the craft had been. Both Kathy and
Vida have promised to get me more information: witnesses, dates, places, etc. My concern is
going to be the protection of the witnesses, if and when they talk with me.
   As for the shooting down of the UFO in October of 1977, I do have the name of the military
photographer/diver who filmed all of this, including the UFO filmed underwater and also filmed
the interior of the craft, but he has not agreed to talk with me yet, since he is still in military
service. His relatives are trying to persuade him to do this, but he could be very easily identified
since he was the only one to do this. I am still trying, and would love to get a copy of his film. In
checking my own notes, I did not see a UFO from June 8th until recently. I could not understand
why they were all missing, after so many years of being in this area. Now they have come back,
but in a new pattern. Before, they were usually at tree-top level, or slightly above this. Now they
are at tree-top, slightly above this, at two levels above these, and then high in the sky is one,
which flashes its lights, apparently this one is protecting those at the lower level.


                                                                                                  142
Are some USAF fighters secretly equipped with directed energy weapons, which are designed to
shoot down UFOs? Were some USAF planes lost in “dog fights” with UFOs? Could these
hostile activities by our own government represent the greatest threat to the national security of
the United States?

   Also the ones now are larger in size than the ones in the past and they are deliberately
showing themselves. On October 14th, between 9:30 and 10:00 PM, a huge UFO hovered over
Great Bay, which is at the end of the runway at Pease. All traffic stopped and watched. This is
one of the main routes (route 16) and cars were stopped for miles watching – hundreds must
have seen this one. Incidentally, I was told that Pease brings in a special plane to shoot down the
UFOs. Now Pease has a mystery of its own. On October 6th, an FB-111 fighter/bomber crashed
off the coast of Maine and it has the Air Force safety investigators “baffled,” according to news
reports. Col Charles Searock, head of the investigation panel said they still have “no idea” what
caused the crash. However, the plane was flying and seen on radar, when it disappeared. It did
not go up, and it did not go down, it simply vanished. Less than 10% of the wreckage has been
found. No messages from the two man crew – nothing, no Mayday.

   Sincerely,

                Betty


                                                                                                143
                                    Reference #91


Photo of the “Lookout Mountain” facility where TOP SECRET films were developed for the Air
Force. How many other photos/films did they develop which depicted UFOs?


Could the gun camera photos of UFOs taken by American fighter pilots be the “smoking gun”
which could finally end the UFO cover-up, and bring about “disclosure?”


                                                                                        144
      Within the Stringfield collection was a letter from researcher Lee Graham to President
Jimmy Carter dated September 22, 1980. The letter stated that Mr. Graham knew a security
guard who worked at a secret Air Force photographic laboratory (named Lookout Mountain, aka
1352d Motion Picture Squadron), located in the Hollywood Hills area. The mission of the facility
was to provide in-service production of classified motion picture and still photographs for the
Department of Defense and the Atomic Energy Commission (now the Dept. of Energy) between
1947 and 1969 when the studio was deactivated. According to Mr. Graham, it was the job of the
guard to escort people into the building who did not have a security badge, but did have a need to
know. During his time there, he saw high resolution gun camera photos of a “flying disc” which
was taken by an F-86 jet. The security guard was later told by the commanding officer of the
facility that the vehicle in the pictures “was a machine from another world.” Source: Leonard
Stringfield dictation notes collection September 22, 1980.

                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                     (Part 27)


    Did a UFO land in the Pecos, NM Military Operating Area (MOA) during 1980? (see area
    outlined in purple immediately below “MELROSERANGE” indication on map)

    Reference #92: Leonard received an anonymous undated letter from a U.S. Airman who was
stationed at Kirtland AFB. The letter has been reproduced in this report for the first time.


                                                                                              145
   Dear Sir,

   On July 16, 1980, at between 10:30 – 10:45 AM, “CR” (actual identity on file), a Civil Air
Patrol Cadet from Dobbins AFB, visited Kirtland AFB, and observed a dull metallic colored
UFO flying from South to North near Pecos, New Mexico. Pecos has a secret training site for the
1550th Aircrew Training and Testing Wing at Kirtland AFB. “CR” was with ten other
individuals, including USAF active duty airmen, and all witnessed the sighting. “CR” took
pictures of the object. “CR” went closer to the UFO and observed it land in a clearing
approximately 250 yards NNW of the training area. He also observed an individual who was
wearing a metallic suit depart the craft and walk a few feet away. The individual was outside the
craft for just a few minutes. When the individual returned, the craft took off towards the NW.
   On July 17, 1980, at about 2210 hrs, “CR” was in his temporary billets on Kirtland AFB, NM,
when an individual dressed in a dark suit came to his door. The individual was described by
“CR” as being 6’3” tall, 170 pounds, slender build, dark black hair, dark eyes, wearing
sunglasses, narrow shape face. The individual identified himself as a Mr. Huck from Sandia
Laboratories, a secret Department of Energy contractor on Kirtland AFB. “CR,” not being from
the Albuquerque area, did not know what Sandia was. After an explanation from the individual,
“CR” let him in. The man in the dark sunglasses told “CR” that he saw something yesterday near
Pecos that he shouldn’t have seen. The individual stated that what he had seen was a secret craft
from Los Alamos, and he demanded that “CR” hand over all of his photos. “CR” explained that
he didn’t have any photographs, and that all of the photos were with a USAF airman and “CR”
didn’t know his name.
   The man in the dark glasses warned “CR” not to mention the sighting to anyone, or he would
be in serious trouble. After the individual left the room, “CR” wondered how he knew about the
sighting, because he had told no one. “CR” became scared after thinking about the threat that the
individual made. He called the Kirtland AFB security police and reported the incident to them.
They referred the incident to the Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI), which
investigates these matters according to the security police. A Mr. Doty, a special agent with the
OSI, spoke with “CR,” and made a report. Mr. Doty also obtained all of the photographs of the
UFO. Doty told “CR,” that he would look into the matter. That was the last anyone ever heard of
the incident.


                                                                                             146
      Was a crashed UFO hidden in the Manzano underground weapons storage facility?

   I am a USAF airman assigned to the 1550th aircrew Training and Testing Wing at Kirtland
AFB, NM. I was with “CR” during the sighting, however, I did not see the craft land. I spoke
with “CR” after this Mr. Huck visited him. “CR” was very upset, and wanted something done
about it, but after he spoke with the OSI, he changed his attitude. He didn’t want to talk about the
matter anymore. I called and spoke with Mr. Doty. He disavowed any knowledge of the
photographs, and stated that “CR” decided not to make a report of the sighting. I have every
reason to believe that the USAF is covering up something. I spent many hours looking into this
matter, and I know there is more to it than the USAF will say. I have heard rumors, but serious
rumors here at Kirtland, that the USAF has a crashed UFO stored in the Manzano storage area,
which is located in a remote area of Kirtland AFB.


                                                                                                147
         Have UFO’s been examined by technicians at Sandia National Laboratories?

    This area is heavily guarded by USAF security. I have spoken with two employees of the
Sandia Laboratories, who also store classified objects in Manzano, and they told me that Sandia
has examined several UFOs during the last 20 years. One that crashed near Roswell, New
Mexico in the late 1950s was examined by Sandia scientists (did he mean late 1940s)? That craft
is still being stored at Manzano. I have reason to believe OSI (Office of Special Investigations) is
conducting a very secret investigation into UFO sightings. OSI took over when project Blue
Book was closed. I was told this by my commander, Col. Bruce Purvine. Col. Purvine also told
me that the investigation was so secret, that most employees of OSI didn’t even know about it.
But he told me that Kirtland AFB, AFOSI district 17 has a special secret detachment that
investigates sightings around this area. They have also investigated the cattle mutilations in New
Mexico. I don’t expect you people can do anything about this, but I thought I would let you
know. I must remain anonymous because I am a career airman with time remaining on active
duty. I feel I would be threatened if I disclosed my name. I know that you people can’t guarantee
my anonymity.

           End of letter

           Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection


                                                                                                148
                                         Reference #93


Did a UFO land in the swamp region of Dexter Michigan during 1966? Local law enforcement
officers confirm that the event did indeed take place.

    Leonard spoke with “FB” (actual identity on file) who identified himself as a former
policeman in Dexter, Michigan. He was the first cop on the scene when a UFO landed in Dexter
swamp during 1966. This was the famous UFO incident that prompted then Senator Gerald Ford
to call for an official Senate investigation. This directly led to the forming of the “Robertson
Panel,” and the highly debated “Condon Report.” “FB” stated that the farmer, who owned the
land where the swamp was located, called the Dexter Police Chief. The farmer indicated that his
cattle stampeded, and his soy bean field was burning. Apparently, the UFO landed in the field
first, then in the swamp. According to “FB,” “I saw the god-damn thing sitting in the water in the
swamp. It was approximately 100 feet in diameter and glowing. The water around it was
sizzling, as if it were boiling. That was what was throwing off vapors of steam. I have hunted
those swamps for coon, and god damn, I recognize fox fire when I see it. I called in my report.”
During this famous UFO event, the Air Force came in from Selfridge AFB and Air Force
Intelligence from multiple locations. The National Guard was flown in by jet and kept area
residents and visitors away at gun-point. At one point, a military helicopter kept circling and
taking photographs of the UFO from above. One of the Police officers took photos of the craft
before the military arrived, but his film was later confiscated. In an effort to conceal the true
nature of this event, all of the local police officers who were involved, were transferred to other
districts throughout Michigan to prevent them from comparing notes. Source: Leonard
Stringfield dictation notes collection: March 13, 1980.

                                                                                               149
                                        Reference #94


Did an engineer from G.E. accidentally see alien bodies at WPAFB, which originated from one
of the two discs that crashed near Kingman, Arizona during May of 1953?

   Leonard spoke with a Mrs. Smith over the phone, who described an account her father had
told her years ago. According to Mrs. Smith, her father “RY” (actual identity on file) was an
employee at General Electric in 1953. It was at this time that he was called to Wright Patterson
AFB for some kind of special work. Somehow, he inadvertently went down the wrong corridor
where he was working on the base and discovered seven slabs with dome coverings. On the slabs
were humanoid looking bodies. Sheets were hurriedly thrown over the domes, but he was still
able to see the hands which appeared to have “webbed fingers” and “skin that looked like a
frog.” “RY” was then quickly man-handled out of the area by guards and a cloth was thrown
over his head. He was then escorted to a small cell-like room for the remainder of the week when
he was not working on his assignment. When he completed his job at the base, he was forced to
sign security papers and was told that he would lose all pension accrued to his name if he ever
talked about what he saw. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection: March 10,
1980.

                                AUTHOR’S SPECIAL NOTE

   Since this case occurred in 1953, it raises the possibility that what “RY” may have seen at
Wright Patterson AFB were some of the alleged alien bodies which were retrieved from the two
UFO crashes which occurred in May of 1953 in Kingman, Arizona. According to researcher
Harry Drew, there were three separate events connected with the Kingman retrieval. One was a
“forced landing” on May 18. The second event was a true crash, which took place on May 22,
and four crew members were taken alive. Two were severely injured and later died at Nellis
AFB. The remaining two were taken to Groom Lake. The third crash occurred on May 24, and
involved four crew members. Two were found dead at the site and the disposition of the two
surviving crew members is unknown at this time. Specific details regarding all three Kingman
events are copyrighted by Harry Drew and have been included in this report with his special
permission.
                                                                                            150
                            Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                      (Part 28)


Were alien spacecraft originally manufactured using the same techniques employed on a
“potter’s wheel?”

    Reference #95: Leonard spoke to a source “S” (actual first name on file) who stated that he
was formerly in the military and had the highest security clearance. In the early days of his
career, he had heard about the U.S. project which endeavored to manufacture a UFO from a
captured craft and he applied for a position in this program. At the time, the lowest military rank
accepted into the program was a major, and you had to have a degree in either “electromagnetic
physics,” or optics. Having neither of the requirements, “S” didn’t make it on the team.
However, “S” did receive “privileged hearsay” about classified work being done in Virginia
(most likely Langley AFB). He did mention that they were unsuccessful in duplicating the
alleged captured alien spacecraft. The problem engineers ran into was due to the fact that the
alien craft had no seams whatsoever. How was it manufactured? Obviously, there were no
fasteners or rivets holding the structure together. According to the engineers working on the
program, the only manufacturing process that made any sense was that the craft was “spun” out
of the exotic material, which left no seams (similar to a “potter’s wheel”). Of course, the
machinery needed to accomplish this would have been massive in order to allow for the open
space which made up the interior of the craft. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes
collection October 17, 1979.


                                                                                                151
                                         Reference #96


   Who had the technology to design, build and fly an aircraft faster than the SR-71 in 1978?

    The same source “S” also stated that during a secret test flight over the West Coast of the
United States in 1978, an SR-71 encountered a UFO. Once the UFO was confirmed by NORAD,
the aircraft utilized all of its electronic monitoring systems and was ordered to go into full
afterburners for an attempted intercept. The SR-71 managed to close to within two minutes of the
UFO, when it blew an engine. Not wanting to lose the plane and the two-man crew, the
attempted intercept was aborted. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection October
17, 1979.
                                     AUTHOR’S SPECIAL NOTE
    The SR-71 first flew in 1964, and was designed by famous aeronautical engineer Kelly
Johnson. The aircraft was manufactured at the Lockheed “Skunk Works” facility located at
Burbank Airport in California. It had a top speed in excess of Mach 3.3 (2,100 mph) with a
service sealing well above 85,000 feet. Although it was retired in 1998, the SR-71 still holds the
world speed record for the fastest air-breathing manned aircraft which has ever been officially
acknowledged. For a UFO to have flown higher and faster than an SR-71 in 1978, obviously
indicates that either some other country developed a “quantum leap” in aerospace technology
well before America, or the pilots on that mission encountered something truly “out of this
world.”


                                                                                                152
                                       Reference #97


  Did a U.S. Navy pilot encounter something unusual on his last flight, or did he have an
“accident” which was designed to prevent him from talking about what he witnessed inside a
secret facility?

    Within the Stringfield collection was a hand written letter by Mrs. Joyce Ward dated August
13, 1979. It has been reproduced in this report for the very first time.

   I have been asked to tell about an incident that occurred sometime before 1952, probably in
1950 or 1951. It was told to me by my aunt and uncle, Mr. and Mrs. Hoak. Their son “DW”
(actual name on file) was a Navy pilot during WWII and the Korean War. I don’t know exactly
where this happened, but since he was stationed in San Diego, California, I assumed it was there.
“DW” opened a door that was supposed to be locked, but wasn’t. In the room he looked into,
there was an object which fit descriptions he had heard described as “Flying Saucers.” As I
remember, he was admonished by his superiors, and told to stay away from that area, and to
forget what he had seen.
   I’m fairly sure that this incident had nothing to do with what happened on Mother’s Day
1952, but who knows. On that morning, he had to go on a routine flight. I don’t know the
destination, but the plane he and his crew were flying disappeared about five minutes after they
took off and was never heard from again. This flight was to have been his last flight before
leaving the service and his wife said that for some reason, he tried to keep from going, had tried
to get out of going from what turned out to be his last flight. That is all I am able to remember.

   Mrs. Joyce Ward

                                                                                              153
                          Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                    (Part 29)


Was the wreckage of an alien spacecraft stored at WPAFB Building 18F along with its dead
crew?


   Reference #98: Leonard received a very short two sentence letter from Robert Thompson
dated April 5, 1979 which has been reproduced in this report.


                                                                                           154
          Were alien flying saucers and cadavers stored at Langley Air Force Base?

Dear Leonard,

       The building number you want, at the Field (Wright Patterson AFB) is 18F-3rd floor. The
13 bodies and two saucers are at a small air base at Hampton Roads, Virginia, if they have not
been moved again. Hope this will be of some help to you.

        Sincerely,
                     Robert Thompson


                              AUTHOR’S SPECIAL NOTE

Mr. Thompson’s letter adds further credibility to the assessment that there never was an actual
“Hangar 18” at Wright Patterson AFB, which has now become a pop-culture icon. However,
BUILDING 18F is a very real structure on the base. According to an article titled Wright-
Patterson Mail Sizzles about Aliens on Ice, published in the Cincinnati Enquirer on April 23
1981, Building 18F was used in the 1950s as an aero propulsion lab for testing engines. The
building has several refrigerated cells which can bring temperatures down to 65 degrees below
zero. Don Ritter who was interviewed for the article worked in 18F in the 1950s, and has been at
WPAFB since 1942. Ritter commented that the rumors of “aliens on ice” have gone on for years.
The reference to “Hampton Roads, Virginia” is most certainly referring to Langley Air Force
Base.


                                                                                            155
                                        Reference #99


Was this 6X6 covered military cargo truck used to transport the corpses of alien bodies to
WPAFB?

   Leonard spoke with “RT” (actual identity on file) who stated that he was a mechanical
engineer working on aircraft at Wright Patterson AFB. He retired in 1954. It was in the summer
of 1953 that he heard rumors that the building next to his contained “alien bodies and a craft.”
According to “RT,” “The building became very busy. It was usually very quiet over there, but
now “closed trucks” drove up right into the building. This was before air conditioning was
installed at the base. The windows were open, and strong odors of formaldehyde to the point of
being sickening, blew over from the suspect building through the windows.” Source: Leonard
Stringfield dictation notes collection April 3, 1979.

                               AUTHOR’S SPECIAL NOTE
   According to Stringfield’s source, he had heard rumors during the summer of 1953, that
“alien bodies” were being stored in a building next to his on the base. This timeline is consistent
with the Kingman Arizona incident which involved the crash of two UFOs in May of 1953 (only
one month before “RT’s” sighting of unusual vehicle activity and the heavy smell of
formaldehyde from a nearby building).


                                                                                                156
                                       Reference #100


        How many USAF pilots were lost trying to intercept UFOs during the 1950s?

   Leonard spoke with pioneering researcher Donald Keyhoe who told him about an unusual
event that happened at “Redmon Field” (no date mentioned). According to Keyhoe, a UFO had
been tracked and hovered very close to the ground. At least eight planes were sent up to intercept
the craft. However, the UFO departed straight up at an extremely rapid rate and actually knocked
two of the aircraft out of the air. Keyhoe was “surprised it didn’t get more publicity.” Source:
Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection April 3, 1979.

                            AUTHOR’S SPECIAL NOTE
   Can this abrupt maneuver be considered “hostile?” Students of ufology will recall that during
the 1950s, multiple USAF aircraft (specifically F-94s) were lost when they tried to “intercept”
UFOs. Source: nicap.org

                                       Reference #101


Could the USAF transport a 75 foot diameter flying saucer across the country from California to
Ohio utilizing the highway system as it existed in 1952? Could they have removed thousands of
billboards, advertising signs, trees and telephone poles along the way?

                                                                                              157
    Leonard spoke with Charles Vogt who worked as an engineer for General Electric. This
concerned an incident that happened to his brother, who at the time was a radar technician at an
airbase in California (no specific location mentioned). The event took place in August or
September of 1952. Vogt’s brother saw a fast moving UFO descend down to earth. It never
decreased its speed and the radar technicians on the base assumed that the object had crashed.
Planes were sent up to investigate from Edwards AFB. Upon arrival at the crash site, they
observed a disc-shaped craft which measured 50-75 feet in diameter. A significant portion of the
craft appeared to be blackened or burned. The object had windows running around it, which were
heavily damaged in the crash. According to the source, the “scuttle-butt” on the base, was the
craft contained bodies, which measured 4-1/2 to five feet tall. The bodies were said to have been
shipped to Wright Patterson AFB in Dayton, Ohio. The source also stated that the craft went to
“NASA in Houston,” and then was shipped by truck to WPAFB. Source: Leonard Stringfield
dictation notes collection April 3, 1979.

                                 AUTHOR’S SPECIAL NOTE
    The comment that the craft went to “NASA in Houston” appears to be an error on the part of
either the primary source or Vogt’s brother. NASA was not formed until 1957 (five years after
the alleged event). However, the craft could have been stored at Edwards AFB (north base
complex) or another Air Force base in California before it was trucked to “Houston.” Being un-
biased and neutral researchers (as we all should be) there does exist one glaring issue when it
comes to stories of UFO crash/retrievals which must be addressed. This concerns the logistics of
transporting UFOs from the crash site to its ultimate destination (almost always said to be Wright
Patterson AFB). How would you secretly transport a large 75 foot diameter craft by truck 1,500
miles to the mid-west over public roads in the late 1940s and early 1950s?
    It’s important to keep in mind that many military sources indicate that some UFOs could not
be punctured or pierced with a diamond tipped drill-bit or high powered laser. This would make
them extremely difficult to disassemble on site, presumably on a remote desert or on the side of a
mountain. As highlighted by author George Early in his article titled: Crashed Saucers and
Pickled Aliens, the highway system as we know it today was proposed by President Dwight
Eisenhower in 1954. Actual construction did not begin until 1956. This means that at least 12-16
of the alleged UFO crash/retrievals took place before the interstate system even began.
     Transportation, therefore, would have been over unimproved roads that predated World War
II. Few of these were more than two lanes wide or 24 feet across. Trees and telephone poles at
that time were dangerously close to the edge of the roads, which would have made transporting a
large diameter disc nearly impossible. Many of the smaller discs recovered were said to be
between 15-25 feet in diameter. On the larger side of the scale, some flying saucers were
reported to be 50, 90 and even 100 feet in diameter. This means that even the smallest flying
saucer would have required at least a two-lane road to transport. Assuming you could load a 75
foot diameter disc on a flat-bed military truck, how would you inconspicuously transport it
without raising the attention of the general public, news reporters, and local law enforcement.


                                                                                              158
   Trucks carrying over-sized loads require special support which may include radio equipped
vehicles that monitor road conditions and jeeps that contain spare parts in the event of a break-
down. Other factors to consider on a long trip would be over-passes, one lane county bridges,
and the thousands of trees and telephone poles that would need to be removed to allow enough
space for a truck to pass through or negotiate sharp corners. For example, if a UFO crashed on
the West Coast (near Los Angeles) prior to 1956, and was trucked to Wright Patterson AFB only
during the night (2,192 miles away), it could take up to 21 days travelling at 25 miles per hour.
Could the USAF keep a large tarp covered flying saucer totally secret for 21 days on the road?
Of course it may be possible, but we should consider all the factors involved when researching
accounts of UFO crash/retrievals.


Despite the difficult logistics involved, at least 12 reliable sources now confirm that smaller
diameter crashed saucers are indeed transported via low-boy trailers to secure military
installations.

                                      Reference #102

   Leonard spoke with John Schuessler (MUFON director 2000-2006) and obtained some inside
information on “alien creatures.” According to John, his father and step-mother lived in western
Pennsylvania at one time. A relative of his step-mother also lived nearby. This particular
gentleman (no name mentioned) told John’s parents that he was a civilian security officer at
Wright Field (later Wright Patterson AFB) in the late 1940s to mid-1950s. His job was in the
receiving area. He even commented to John’s father that, “Everything that came into the base
had to come by me…if it was shipped in.” Mr. Schussler told his son John that this man said that
he saw a crashed UFO being brought into the base on a covered low-boy trailer in either 1952 or
1953. It was recovered somewhere in the Southwest. He said it was delivered to a building on the
base, but didn’t remain there for long. In addition, the source told John’s father that he had also
seen several “little bodies” of humanoids, which were being shipped in some type of crate.
Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection February 27, 1978.


                                                                                                  159
                                AUTHOR’S SPECIAL NOTE

    Since the original source for this account indicated that the event took place in 1952-1953,
that would technically be consistent with the two UFOs that crashed near Kingman, Arizona and
one that made a “forced landing” during May of 1953. However, according to the brilliant work
of researcher Harry Drew, “In no uncertain terms were any of the UFOs that crashed near
Kingman brought to Wright Patterson AFB.” Those particular craft were sent directly to Groom
Lake in Nevada. Drew did mention that four alien corpses DID in point of fact find their way to
WPAFB. Keeping in mind the comments above regarding the logistics of moving crashed UFOs,
the smaller size of the original Kingman craft (30 feet in diameter) and the fact that it was
propped up at an angle, make transportation to Groom Lake via an M-25 tank transporter more
feasible.

                         Reference #103: The secret UFO warehouse


Could the ending scene in the Spielberg film “Raiders of the Lost Ark” be true after all? Is there a
TOP SECRET government warehouse that contains the components of multiple recovered
extraterrestrial spacecraft?


                                                                                                160
   Leonard talked with Charles Wilhelm who gave him more details regarding his discussion
with “Mrs. G” (actual identity never revealed) who was dying of cancer. According to Wilhelm,
“Mrs. G” was employed at Wright Field during the 1940s and 1950s before it was renamed
Wright Patterson AFB. She retired from her position in 1959 due to health issues. She was
employed in the Foreign Materials Division or FMD. She had a TOP SECRET security clearance
and it was her job to catalog any foreign materials that came into the base for research. This
included parts of enemy planes, which had either been shot down or crashed. She told Mr.
Wilhelm that in 1955, she cataloged the contents taken from the interior of a crashed UFO.
According to “Mr. G,” there were over 1,000 components and every item was photographed and
tagged. During this process, she also saw a cart being wheeled past her with two bodies on it.
The bodies were four to five feet in length and they were packed in either dry ice or some type of
chemical. She recalled that the bodies were humanoid looking, but the heads were
disproportionately larger than the rest of the body. She also recalled that they had slanted eyes.
She told these details to Mr. Wilhelm in 1959, just six months before she died of cancer, and
closed the interview with the following remark: “Uncle Sam can’t do anything to me once I’m in
my grave.” Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection February 27, 1978.

                                       Reference #104


Did a previously unknown flying saucer recovery take place in 1953 (not connected with the
Kingman, Arizona UFO retrievals), which was brought back to WPAFB?


                                                                                              161
     Charles Wilhelm gave Leonard some additional crash/retrieval leads. This concerned the son
of a Cincinnati man (identity not disclosed) who worked at Wright Field in the 1940s and 1950s.
He held the highest security clearance on the base, and told his son on his deathbed that he saw
two disc-shaped craft brought into the area where he worked as a military security guard. One
craft was damaged and the other appeared to be intact. He also mentioned that he saw four small
alien bodies, which measured between four to five feet in length. They had come from the
damaged craft and were packed in dry ice. According to the source, this occurred in 1953. The
man said that the heads of the aliens were disproportionately larger than the rest of their bodies.
They also had slanted eyes. Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection February 27, 1978.

                                          Reference #105


  Was the exterior of an extraterrestrial spacecraft field tested “on-site” in Arizona in 1953?

    A third source claiming to have seen aliens at WPAFB came to Charles Wilhelm in 1968, via
a “Mr. D” (last name on file). “Mr D” was an Air Force metallurgist stationed at the field during
the early 1950s. It was believed to have been 1953 when “Mr D” was flown to an undisclosed
location, blind-folded and then driven to another point approximately 30 minutes away. When he
arrived, he sensed the heat of the outside air temperature and felt that the soil seemed sandy
(perhaps indicating that he was somewhere in the Southwest). He didn’t remove his blindfold
until he was standing inside a tent. Once inside, he was told to examine the metal on the exterior
of an unknown craft. According to the source, it was oddly shaped, and measured 25 to 30 feet in
diameter. It appeared to be silver in color. “Mr. D” recalled that the entranceway to the craft
measured five feet high and three feet wide. He had brought special sensitive testing equipment
with him, but after two days of close examination, he still couldn’t identify the specific metal
which made up the exterior of the craft. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection
February 27, 1978.


                                                                                                  162
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                     (Part 30)


Was a specially prepared film shown at Ft. Monmouth to test the reactions of military personnel
to the reality of the ET presence? Was the government “testing the waters” to evaluate the
reaction of what such a disclosure might mean to the general public? At least four independent
military sources now confirm that such a film did indeed “make the rounds” at various
installations.

    Reference #106: Leonard spoke with the brother-in-law (no name mentioned) of Victor
Georgian. According to the source, he was a radar specialist with a TOP SECRET clearance at
Ft. Monmouth, NJ in 1953. One day, he and a group of other specialists, were escorted to a
theater on the base and were directed to just sit down and observe what appeared on the screen.
Without any prior introduction or explanation, a short seven-minute film was shown. It began
with shots of a metallic disc-shaped object that was resting on the ground. The craft appeared to
have a hatch which was open. Then, the film switched to the interior of the strange object.
    The source stated that he saw a control panel section with various levers and everything
appeared to have a pastel color to it. Next, the film shifted to a scene that depicted five or six
military men with uniforms standing in a row. Then, the film switched to a scene that showed the
interior of a tent. Inside, there were two tables and one body was shown on each. The bodies
clearly had over-sized heads with eyes that were closed. Their color was “ashen looking,” and
the skin was “leathery” in texture. Then, the film abruptly ended and the radar specialists were
marched out of the theater with absolutely no comment or explanation regarding what they had
just seen. Several days later, an officer told the specialists that what they viewed was a hoax and
they were not to speak of it again. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection.


                                                                                               163
                                       Reference #107


Two independent sources now indicate that at least one UFO was indeed stored at Langley AFB.

   More evidence is coming in to support the claim that at least one UFO was stored at Langley
AFB in the 1950s. Leonard received an undated letter from UFO researcher Richard Hall, which
has been reproduced in this report.


Dear Len,

                   Enclosed are the leads/fragments; I thought I had more, but these are the only
ones dealing directly with the crashed saucer story (or stories). The chap mentioned in Herb
Coyer’s letter is the one Zechel tracked down and I went with him to interview the man and had
a face-to-face meeting with him here in the Washington area. He was here on some church-
related business. He was an Army officer, former aide to a general, and command helicopter
pilot in Viet Nam. Altogether, I couldn’t imagine a less likely hoaxer. He clearly took UFOs
seriously. He wouldn’t talk directly about what he had seen, but it was at Langley AFB, Virginia,
in the company of the general. Also, he told us of an Air Force pilot telling him about the south-
west crash story. All of this was in the 1950s. I will have to ask you to treat the enclosed as
confidential, not using the names or showing the documents in any public way without first
consulting me. They are mainly for your private background information.

 Best to you, Dell, and the family,

                                       Sincerely, Richard Hall.

                                                                                              164
                                      Reference #108


Were the bodies of three alien creatures and the debris from a UFO crash secretly removed from
a DC-7 at WPAFB under cover of darkness during 1953? (commercial cargo variant shown for
reference)

   Leonard spoke with “MO” (actual identity on file) who was a Warrant Officer at Wright
Patterson AFB in 1955 (he also stated that it could have actually been 1953). According to the
source, one night, a DC-7 flew into Wright Patterson and he witnessed the removal of four crates
from the plane. The crates were either open or had transparent covers on top. He was about 15
feet from the fork-lift, which was off-loading the crates from the plane. They contained the
bodies of two male alien creatures and one female. “MO” described the beings as measuring
approximately four feet in length with oversized “long faces,” and having a “darkish green”
color. He mentioned that the color of the beings could have been a direct result of the light he
saw them in or they may have turned that color after they were recovered. They also removed
several other crates from the aircraft.
   Later, he spoke with two crew members of the DC-7 who told him that two of the creatures
were dead when taken, but one was still alive and talking in some type of garbled language.
Apparently, they tried various oxygen mixtures to save it, but ended up killing the being in the
process. The other crates contained parts of a UFO that had crashed. The crewman aboard the
DC-7 indicated that the other crates were scheduled to be delivered to the Redstone Arsenal in
Alabama. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection September 6, 1977.


                                                                                            165
                           Retrievals of the Third Kind
                                     (Part 31)


Well over two dozen military sources now claim to have seen alien bodies at Wright Patterson
AFB. Can they all be lying? Could the bodies of alien cadavers still be hiding somewhere within
the vast complex at WPAFB?

    Reference #109: Leonard spoke with Sharon (last name on file), who told him about an
experience her husband “CI” (actual identity on file) had at Wright Patterson AFB in 1972.
Sharon indicated that her husband entered the military in 1970. He was an M.P. with the Air
Force. She mentioned that he couldn’t hold this information back any longer because it was
really starting to get to him. One night he was awakened abruptly, blindfolded, and led down a
very long flight of stairs which he believed to be an underground vault. Then, he was directed
through a long hallway. Once the blindfold was removed, he was “dramatically affected, and
shaken up ever since,” and was shocked to see what looked like three humanoid creatures which
were encased in glass.
    They appeared to be embedded in some sort of ice and measured approximately four feet tall.
He ultimately learned that there were at least 12 small alien bodies at the base. Sharon believed
that she remembered her husband telling her that their eyes were closed and they only had two
holes where our noses would be. Their skin color appeared to be off-white or cream colored
looking. Apparently, he was most surprised to see the growth of fuzz on their over-sized heads.
He learned that the bodies were being prepared for autopsy. “CI” got the impression that the
bodies had recently been flown in from some type of crash, since he was called out in the middle
of the night. Sharon then said her husband was placed outside the room with a machine gun and
ordered shoot any unauthorized personnel who tried to get in. He was later sworn to secrecy and
signed papers to that effect. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection August 2,
1977.

                              AUTHOR’S SPECIAL NOTE
  Since this alleged alien encounter took place in 1970, this would clearly indicate that the
USAF still had a deep interest in UFOs after Project Blue Book officially closed down in 1969.

                                                                                              166
                                     Reference #110


                Was a crashed UFO stored at Edwards North Base facility?

   Leonard spoke with Charles Vogt who stated that his brother (no name mentioned) was
stationed at Edwards AFB in 1952 as a radar specialist. He had a high level security clearance.
About two years ago, (1974-1975) he told Charles that he actually saw a disabled UFO, which
was brought onto the base (no date mentioned). He thought it had crashed somewhere in
California, but didn’t know the precise location. The craft measured 50 feet in diameter and was
severely charred and burned on one side. It had a dome on the top and a row of windows, which
ran along the outside. Near the craft on a table were five small bodies, which appeared to be
three to four feet in height. The entire area was circled with guards. Anyone who had witnessed
the event was later forced to sign documents stating that they would never reveal what they saw.
Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection: February 25, 1977


                                                                                             167
                                     Reference #111


            Were official TOP SECRET photos depicting aliens stolen from WPAFB?

    Leonard spoke with Pat Mitchell who stated that his father worked at Wright Patterson AFB
after World War II. He then told Leonard: “I don’t even know if I should tell you this…..it’s so
weird.” He went on to state that when he was much younger, his older brother told him an
amazing story which concerned their father. The older brother told Pat that their father had a
high security clearance at the base and one night “brought home an envelope with some pictures
of little men – creatures they had in a building at Wright Patterson AFB.” Pat then explained that
the pictures were confiscated from every man that had them. Apparently, others who worked at
the base also secretly brought home photos or worked with them as part of their duties. Source:
Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection: February 25, 1977.


                                                                                               168
                                         Reference #112


                       Kingman Army Airfield Museum president Bob Loose

   In an effort to provide substantiating evidence for the Kingman UFO Crash/Retrieval event
(May 18, 1953), this author visited the Kingman Army Airfield Museum on October 15, 2013,
which is located at Kingman Airport. After viewing the multiple exhibits at the museum, I spoke
with Bob Loose who was president. I asked him if he had any first-hand knowledge of the event
or knew of anyone who may have participated in the recovery operation. Mr. Loose indicated
that he had no specific information regarding the Kingman event. However, he did describe a
very unusual event which happened to him that specifically relates to this report. In 1950, he was
flying in a C-45 light transport plane from Selfridge AFB, Michigan to Wichita Falls, Texas. Mr.
Loose was the co-pilot on the flight. Approximately mid-way into the flight, the weather tuned
very violent. Dark storm clouds rolled in and there was lightning and strong gusts. As a safety
precaution, the pilot elected to make a landing at Wright Patterson AFB to wait out the storm.
   Upon landing, the plane taxied up on the tarmac and saw multiple armed guards which were
surrounding a nearby hangar. Both pilot and the co-pilot felt this was odd. The two men next
departed the aircraft and walked over to the weather briefing building to get a local forecast on
what conditions would be within the next few hours. Upon entering the facility, they asked the
weather briefing official what “all the fuss” was about. They then asked: “Are you guys guarding
$100 million dollars of gold bars in there or something?” The weatherman then replied: “I don’t
know what they are guarding in the hangar, but it’s probably not from this world.” He wasn’t
specific, and could have been referring to an extraterrestrial crash that had recently been
recovered or alien bodies packed in crates which had just come onto the base. Source: Bob Loose
via Michael Schratt October 15, 2013.


                                                                                              169
                                     Reference #113


                           World War II combat pilot Warren Botz


    Hangar complex #4 at Wright Patterson AFB. Bay “E” is the furthest hangar to the right
indicated by the arrow.


                                                                                             170
    ENCOUNTER AT WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB: Between 2001 and 2006, Michael
Schratt met and corresponded with Mr. Jack Pickett (U.S. Navy combat veteran). Mr. Pickett
claimed that in September of 1967, he saw four flying saucers parked at the MacDill AFB scrap-
yard in Tampa, Florida. The craft measured 20, 40, 70 and 116 feet in diameter. This particular
account has been well covered on the Iternet and was featured in a television documentary which
aired on the History Channel. While researching Mr. Pickett’s story, this author ran across
another military source, Warren Botz, who provided additional information that supports
Pickett’s claim. Warren Botz is a retired WWII P-40 Warhawk Flying Tigers pilot, with over
30,000 hours of flight time in 119 different types of aircraft. In September of 1978, Warren was
attending a reunion with his fellow pilots and their wives, at Wright Patterson AFB. A medium
size group of about 62 people, including Warren, were transported by bus across the base to
where the restoration hangar is located. It’s here that various older aircraft are processed and
made ready for the Air Force Museum. Arriving at hangar #4, the group departed the bus and
began walking through each of the hangars by way of a connecting doorway. Warren
momentarily departed from his group and managed to walk through the door of hangar #4 bay
“E” (see pictures).


            Close up photograph of Hangar #4 Bay “E” at Wright Patterson AFB

                                                                                            171
   Illustration of the large 116 foot diameter craft seen by Warren Botz at WPAFB in 1978.
                            (Computer image by Gino Marcomini)

   Taking up the entire hangar, was the identical craft Jack Pickett saw at MacDill AFB in 1967.
Through telephone conversations with Mr. Botz, it became apparent that what he saw was the
large 116 foot diameter craft (see illustration above). Warren was only in this hangar for about
two minutes, but was able to confirm many of the details mentioned by Jack Pickett 12 years
earlier. Mr Botz clearly remembers seeing the tricycle landing gear along with the very high
vertical tail. Warren also recalled that the main landing gear strut “looked as thick as a telephone
pole.” The nose gear strut was very similar in appearance to that of a French Supersonic
Concord. Warren recalls seeing what looked like “venetian blinds,” or “thrust vectoring vanes”
inside the exhaust ports. He also recalled seeing “landing gear strut scissors.” These devices are
used to prevent the gear strut shafts from popping out of their cylinders. Calling upon his
extensive aviation background, Warren was able to determine that this U.S. built flying saucer
incorporated a “split rudder” system. This control surface arrangement utilizes “aerodynamic
boost” to help aid in full deflection of the rudder (similar to that of a Schweizer 2-33 glider).


                                                                                                 172
   Warren was in this hangar for about two minutes, when a security guard who was stationed
near the corner of the hangar “intercepted” him as he was walking towards one of the main
landing gear struts. At that point, Warren was politely “escorted” out of the hangar. As he was
leaving, Warren was able to look back and get one final look at this “Monster” (his exact word)
of an aircraft. In fact, after seeing the illustrations used for this article, Warren declared: “That’s
the exact aircraft I saw at Wright Patterson AFB.” Warren also described that when he entered
the hangar where the large disc was being kept, it was parked nose first in the hangar. He went
on to describe how the aircraft was towed into the hangar. At first glance, it would appear that
the tail was too tall to fit through the hangar opening. However, through the use of a special
wheeled ramp, the aircraft was rolled inside. Warren’s account of seeing the craft in the hangar
was detailed in a July 8, 2003 letter to this author which has been reproduced in this report for
the very first time.


                                                                                                    173
                                  About the author


    Michael Schratt (private pilot/military aerospace historian) has lectured across the country on
the unique subject of "Mystery Aircraft," and classified propulsion systems buried deep within
the military industrial complex. A guest speaker at the “OSHKOSH” AirVenture 2006/2007
event (world’s largest air show), Michael has developed a number of contacts which have had
first-hand experience dealing with classified “black programs,” including former USAF pilots,
retired Naval personnel, and aerospace engineers that have maintained a TOP SECRET Q
“MAJIC” clearance. Michael currently works as a SolidWorks draftsman in Tucson AZ. In an
effort to expose government fraud, waste and abuse, Michael devotes much of his free time
researching aerospace technical documents, conducting interviews, and travelling to multiple
university archives. As a concerned citizen, it’s his belief that it is our Constitutional obligation
to question authority and demand an accounting of special access programs that bypass
congressional oversight and public scrutiny. Michael’s famous “Legacy of Classified Aircraft”
drawing (shown below) has circled the globe and has even been turned into breakfast table place-
mats.


                                                                                                 174
