{"created_utc": "2026-09-13T04:24:47Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 291037, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304132663434810, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121832-private-pilot-observes-underground-facility-at-fort-hood-tx-during-1968.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540870860000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/121832-private-pilot-observes-underground-facility-at-fort-hood-tx-during-1968.pdf", "source_sha256": "5d98051143ee6fc3f499f4ae9452fdb8977ff28093ba6a63f91580138e3c98f6"}

CASE A-8: This case, occurring in Hillsdale and Dexter, Michigan, 1966, is better remembered in UFO
research lore for its cover-up explanation — "Swamp Gas". The alleged UFO landings there had many
ramifications: Embarrasment for Dr. J. Allen Hynek, then Air Force consultant, for the mix-up over his
references to "swamp gas" at a press conference and Gerald Ford's dissatisfaction with the official explana-
tion and his request for a Congressional inquiry. This, in turn, so say UFO analysts, helped bring into being
the Colorado Project (headed by Dr. Condon) which led to the demise of Project Bluebook. Although this
case. is well known to research, only a few may know some of the behind-scenes operations.
     My informant who knew firsthand the behind scenes story of the landed craft in Dexter, and the
methods employed in its cover-up is FB, a former law enforcement officer (name withheld on request). Ar-
rangements for me to discuss his first person role, March 12, 1980, were made by James Minton, a phar-
macist in Norris City, Illinois.
      According to FB, on March 21, 1966, at 6:20 p.m., he and officer "C" on patrol, were first to see the
alien craft on the ground of farm property in a clearing of swamp. From a distance of about 150 yards they
estimated that the object was about 100 feet in diameter. They also observed that cattle in the area were
restless and noisy, some scampering among the herd. FB reported the landing to the Sheriff (name withheld)
who put in an urgent call to Selfridge AFB. In quick response, elements of the National Guard and Air Force
personnel were rushed to the area, many arriving by helicopter. Some were assigned to control highway
traffic, others to prevent a mob of curious people who heard about the UFO from trying to reach the site.
The clearing In the swamp was hard to reach by road, said FB, but he knew the area well as he had hunted
there — and, yes, he was aware of "fox fire" or "swamp gas".
      "What I saw was not fox fire," he emphasized. 'This was definitely a large craft, like a pot, with a dull
glow and no windows." He added, "A pool of water near it sizzled, causing vapor to rise," Asked about a
sound, he said, "Sounded like a turbine, a low whine or hum."
      When the Air Force came and took charge, about 7:30 p.m., they ordered. all the police at the site to
withdraw and stay away. MP's were everywhere, he said, and well armed. Photos were taken by one officer
who waded into the marsh for a dose-up had his film confiscated. Said FB, Air Force officers, however, took
many photographs, including shots from a helicopter.
      Nothing was left undone, said FB, where it concerned security. The area was barricaded, or roped off
for three weeks and the farmer was ordered to stay away. Maybe because it was contaminated, he said.
Where the object landed there was a circle in a soybean plot that was burned. Soils samples were taken.
Then the whole area was bulldozed, including the soybean field. Everything was hush-hush, said FB. Police
reports, his report and the records in the sheriff's office disappeared. Then, everyone in the force, including
he and "C", were transferred to other parts of the county.
      The UFO was not disabled, as far as FB knew, although there was a suspicion that it might be and that it
could be captured, "But no one got it," he said. "I. saw it take off and climb straight up into the sky and
disappear."
      "Swamp gas doesn't do that," said FB.

COMMENT: No crashed UFO; no retrieval in Dexter. If the. craft was disabled to account for its long stay,
it was not seriously impaired. This case points out, however, the extenuating security measures taken by the
Air Force at a landing or crash site.


CASE A-9: The complexity of the UFO mystery is well illustrated in this report by veteran researcher,
Tommy Blann of Lewisville, Texas. His ability to dig deeper, beyond top soil, for facts is self-evident in the
following report, dated March 30, 1982, which sheds new light on joint UFO and helicopter activity observ-
ed in Texas.
      There have been a number of incredible stories surfacing over the years by active military personnel on duty at Fort Hood
      and by civilians employed at the base or their immediate family members about a huge underground complex built in the
      side of a small hill In which a camallouged section of land opens up like "sliding doors"' to reveal an entrance to this secret
      installation.

      Over the years, Iran into several individuals who told me bits and pieces about this secret undersground complex and
      others scattered across the U.S., none of them knowing each other nor what the others had related to me. This informa-
      tion, like a lot of information in the possession of individual researchers, was recorded and filed away as confidential for
      future reference. It wasn't until certain information surfaced about "crashed discs" by Leonard Stringfield and other less


                                                                90
known Individuals, plus the recent Cash/Landrum Incident investigated by John Schuessler that I felt compelled to
releasethis information publicafy.

It is my personal opinion that these individuals have told methe truth as they kpow it, and it would be hard to conceive
howa number of individuals could concoct such stories in identical detail unless there is some truth In the basis of their
claims. There are also three incidents involving helicopters around low level UFOs, one incident which I.personapy
witnessed, that adds further credence to the claims made in this report.

Located in Central Texas is a large Army military reservation known as Fort Hood which covers approximately 160,01O
arm and is surrounded by several small towns such as Copperas Cove, Gatesville, Killeen, Temple and Belton. It was
originally named Camp Hood, after John Bell Hood, and during World War 11 served as a training center for tank
destroyers. It is well-known for its military training for ground troops, heavy artillery exercises and war games which
have been viewed by a number of dignitaries and presidents.over the years.

Within Fort Hood is Gray AM. known as Robert Gray Field, where AFpersonnel are attached while at Fort Hood. Little
is known about the activities at Gray AAF as it is not a major AFB and is not listed in either the Air Force Officer's Guide
or-the Air Force Almanac.

An Air Force Captain, while stationed at Fort Hood in 1972, told me that in the late 60's a pilot had to make a forced lan-
ding over this restricted air corridor and as his small private plane came in for a landing on a dusty field, the next thing he
saw was an approaching jeep with armed Ml's which seemed to have appeared out of nowhere. On further observation
by the pilot, he saw a huge section of land separating like "giant sliding doors" with vegetation intact revealing a huge
corridor inside.

The startled pilot was then met with weapons trained on him and ordered out of the plane where he was immediately
blindfolded and taken in the jeep to what he thought was, this underground complex. He was taken down a long corridor
and led into a room where his blindfold was taken off. Inside the room, which reminded him of a modem conference
room without windows,-he was interrogated by a couple of men and-a few hours later was blindfolded again and taken
outside to his aircraft which had been refueled and was now operating. He was warned nol to speak of this incident as
they helped him into the aircraft and watched him take off.

In the fatter part of 1973, the entire Southeastern section of the U.S. was undergoing a wave of UFO sightings. The Cen-
tral Texas area had an unusally large number of reports coming out of the farming communities around Calvert, Bre-
mond, Temple and a few other small towns which is West and Southwest of Fort Hood.

On November 21,1973, Grada Unger, editor of the Calvert Tribune and her husband Jack, along with my wife and!,
witnessed two UPOs near the Brazos River area during the height of the activity. The UFOs were shaped like "a brick with
the ends wore off" and had a series of multicolored, blinking lights on its surface.

The metallic structure of one of the craft was readily visible by the intense silverblue white glow that surrounded the
craft as it approached us at a low altitude. The body of the craft appeared to be made of an aluminum type metal con-
struction. It was definitely a manufactured aircraft of some type and not just a ballof-light in the night sky.

The two UFOs were first noticed coming out of the Northwest at a high altitude, one appeared at a slightly lower altitude
than the other. As they neared the Brazos River, we became aware of the sound of helicopters approaching also out of the
Northwest. At first, we thought these things may be helicopters until they got closer and then we saw the navigational
lights on the helicopters headed toward these UFOs. There were seven helicopters in a line formation moving swiftly
toward our location.

The UFOs were moving very slow and would stop for short periods of time, one at a considerably low altitude than the
other. As the helicopters approached. we noticed that they were large Chinooks which took up a tight formation around
and over these UFOs. Also, two jet interceptors entered the area from the Southwest and circled over the UFOs and
helicopters as they proceeded South. The UFOs and helicopters disappeared out of our line-of-sight behind a dump of
trees several miles in the distance. It appeared the UFOs mayltave landed, but since there were no backroads leading to
this area, we do not know. The jets continued circling and then finally headed Southwest.

The next day, Gracia called Fort Hood and they told her that "there had been a routine reconnaisance training mission in
progress that night, but they denied any knowledge of "flying saucers" being in the area.

A more in-depth discussion of these events and others around the Calvert, Texas area was published in the Spring 1975,
Vol 2, No. 3 issue of Saga UFO Report.

It is interesting to note the similarities in this incident and that of the Cash/Landrum incident of Dec. 29, 1980 in which a
low level UFO was being "escorted" by a number of helicopters, some Chinooks and possibly Hueys, near Dayton,
Texas. A check with surrounding military installations revealed that Gray AM/Port Hood admitted that sometime dur-
ing that period "more than 100 helicopters came In from the field 'for effect'." A detailed account of this incident was
published in the Winter 1981, Vol. 9, No. 4 issue of Saga UFO Report.


                                                                91
                                                                                                           Director of the
    In the Winter of 1974, whilegiving talk show on UFOs in the Central Texas area, I was told by the News
                                        a


    television station after the show that while filming over at Fort Hood he found out about the underground installation
    and that they were still conducting UFO research even though "Project Bluebook" had been terminated. He told me that
    the men that flew the helicopters were code-named "BLUEBOYS." He said there was a "special group" involved in this
    CEO project.
I
I   In 1975,, while investigating the crashed disc stories, I came across a Lt: Col, in the Air Force, who was stationed at
    Carlswell AFB near Fort Worth, that Informed me about the UFO project at Fort Hood as well as a number of other
    military installations here in the States and overseas. (See Case B-4, this report)

    In 1976, I met an individual in McGregor, Texas who told me that his father worked in the secret underground complex.
    He told me not to breathe a word of this to the public since his father's career could be seriously jeopardized and the fact
    that he. was not even suppose to know what his father was involved in on the base. He stated that "the technology that is
    being applied in this underground complex would remind someone of a science-fiction thriller. It is unbelievable what
    they know and can do from this-area."

    During the Spring of 1975, I had been notified by some people in the Groesbeck-Mexia area that a UFO had been observ-
    ed coming out of the South headed North and appeared to have crashed in the heavily-wood farm land area near Mexia. I
    immediately dispatched an investigative team to the area that night and talked with these people and the police depart-
    ment hoping to get some trajectory on the object.

    While talking with the Captain of the Mexia Fire Department, I found out that the Texas Department of Public Safety had
    notified Fort Hood/Gray AAF about the incident and they were sending a squadron of helicopters to the area to search
    for the crashed object.

    I realized my efforts would be futile since "they" would be well-equipped with infrared surveillance instruments and other
    sophisticated electronic instrumentation from the air. We. searched desperately to find the spot from the ground before
    the helicopters arrived, but our efforts proved fruitless. We observed the helicopters as they approached the area that
    night, but they were apparently on a heading that took them a number of miles above where we had been searching in the
    Mexia area.

    Later, I found out that the Texas Department of Public Safety works closely with Fort Hood/Gray AM in matters such
    as this, which came as a surprise to me.

    On Dec. 4, 1981, I gave a two-hour radio talk show on the Ed Busch program at KAAM radio station, Dallas, Texas call-
    ed "America Overnight" via satellite. About halfway through the program,. we had a caller from Ohio thabtold us in the
    Summer of 1975, he was stationed at Fort Hood with an.aviation unit, RS-2 Intelligence, as a helicopter pilot and that one
    night around 10:00 p.m. he was driving with ahiend on a highway nezrFort Hood when they both saw a UFO accom-
    panied by "Army helicopters."

    He said, "I spent a lot of time flying helicopters and! know wharone looks like at night, and if it's not. And the large ob-
    ject that we saw...there is no way It could have been a helicopter! It was an oblong, disc-typething with a reddish light.
    The next day when I got back to base, I asked my friend that worked in the air traffic control out of the airfield if
    anything had happened. They didn't know anything. And I was a good friend to quite a few pilots so 1 asked them. No
    one knew anything. I thought this was unusually strange, because if something had happened you would usually get it
    through the grapevine."
                                                                                                                         too
    He later found out that if he kept asking questions about what he     had seen, he might not have   his job anymore    at the
    base. This was impressed upon his mind by some of his pilot friends, so he dropped the matter,

    I have also found of Interest the statistics of the frequency of object, unit, and all sightings within the United States from
    1947 to 1952, by subdivisions of one degree of latitude and longitude as listed on page 47 of "FLYING SAUCERS:
    ANALYSIS OF THE MR FORCE PROJECT BLUEBOOK SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14" prepared by Dr. Leon Davidson.

    It appears that the highest number of UFO sightings occurred in four major areas of the United States, those being: Los
    Alamos Scientific Labs, N.M., Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio, the Washington, D.C. area and Gray ASP/Fort
    Hood in Central Texas. Three of these areas are well-known for being "sensitive" key military installations concerned
    with the national defense of the United States, but the fourth, Gray AAF/Fort Hood, is not so well-known for its ac-
    tivities in defense matters other than those I discussed in the beginning of this report. The implication of these statistics is
    not presently known, but it is interesting to see that Gray AAF/Fort Hood once again enters into the picture.

    There have been a number of interesting UFO cases that have taken place in and around Los Alamos Scientific
    Laboratories, N.M. and Gray ASP/Fort Hood, Tx. and between these two areas. Some of these cases such as the
    Socoro, N.M, incident and the Eddie Laxton incident near Sheppard AFB, Wichita Falls, TX. and others seem to imply
    experimental testing of a new type of aircraft..


                                                               92
