{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T21:03:32Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 77213, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121819-radar-operator-encounters-large-flying-saucer-in-hangar-at-moffett-field-sunnyvale-ca-hangar-1-1950-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_sha256": "f8a0a4927fa468afcdbd04fb5c6ceb1e72c63c7313334f88f203c491c34c24a9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 724, "chars": 4505, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
an alien humanoid. Efforts are being made to elicit more details.
ITEM B-4
Bette Shilling, working on a college UFO project, first heard of my "Retrieval" paper when I was
interviewed on a Los Angeles radio station in the Fall of 1978. She wrote to me and I responded by phone when I
learned that her friend, an Air Force officer, had told her that he knew of a crashed alien craft occurring in the
Spring of 1975. At that time, she said, he was Communications Officer at a "station" in Detroit, and was
responsible for transmission of a coded message to the Commanding Officer at another base in Ohio (Wright-
Patterson?) about a crash in a rural area near the Ohio borderin Michigan. Two dead bodies, and one still alive,
were retrieved. Name withheld by request.
ITEM B-5
William D. Leet of Texarkana, Arkansas, long-time repected researcher, former Major, Air Force Pilot,
WW II and Korea, and co-author of, To Rule The Sky, knowing of my UFO crash/ retrieval research, reached
me by letter in December 1978 to relate that he had a lead from Mr. Lynn Ward, which concerned a relative who
had seen a captured flying saucer in a Navy hangar in 1950. The witness was Durward "Buddy" Haak, CPO
Radar Observer, while stationed at a Naval Air Station in Sunnyvale, California. In 1952, Buddy Haak was on
an ill-fated flight out of San Diego. His aircraft disappeared; no trace of it ever found
Buddy Haak, according to testimony received from members of his family, had accidentally entered a door
of a large hangar, temporarily unguarded, and saw a huge, round saucer-shaped craft with a row of windows. A
guard shut the door in his face and ordered him to forget what he had seen, or else. By June 1979, through the
efforts of Bill Leet, I had received written statements from two members of the family who recalled the story, and
managed to get the phone number of Durward Haak's mother. On June 25, 1979, I called Mrs. Haak, who,
requesting that her full name and address be withheld, recalled her son's concern about seeing the flying saucer.
"It was certainly no aircraft of ours,"
»" she remembers him saying. Although other members of the family connect
Buddy's strange disappearance with his knowledge of the UFO, Mrs. Haak did not.
ITEM B-6
Richard Hall, Editor of the MUFON UFO Journal in a letter dated March 23, 1979, wrote "...Don Berliner
(aviation writer) just returned from visiting an aviation historian friend in Illinois, Truman Weaver. While there,
Weaver showed him a copy of a letter dated March 1978 from a good friend of Weaver's in the aviation
business... who worked as a technician at Wright-Patterson, retiring in 1954. This gentleman said that he worked
"across the alley" from where they kept the bodies, and that in 1953 they had 13 of them in a room on the third
floor. A strong odor used to waft across the way, and upon inquiring they were told it was embalming fluid. The
bodies he said, are now stored at a small Air Force Base (Langley) at Hampton Roads, Virginia..."
On April 3, 1979, I called Truman Weaver, a former Air Force Major, who, himself had an UFO experience
while flying in Korea in 1952. He and crew saw a daylight disc, 12 feet in diameter under intelligent control, off
his wingtip. Without hesitation, Weaver gave me the phone number of his friend, Robert Thompson, whom ne
knew through mutual aviation interests. On the same day I phoned Thompson. He confirmed the data Berliner
had related to Hall about his work at Wright-Patterson. Headded.. "Suddenly, the building nearby became very
busy, trucks drove up and right into the building. This was before airconditioning was installed and with
Thompson said he never saw a flying saucer or a little body personally, but he did claim to see what he called
an "interim report." His boss, named McAdams, showed it to him and fellow workers, which he said confirmed
the rumors that alien craft and bodies were on the base. The next day he said the paper was snatched from
McAdams and officials denied it even existed. Thompson couldn't remember if the report was on official
stationary or marked Secret, or if it was mimeographed. Curious, I called Weaver about such a document. He
was not aware of such a report for general circulation unless it was a document that leaked out without
authorization. On April 5, Thompson sent me a note which stated briefly: "The building number was 18F, 3rd
floor. The 13 bodies and 2 saucers are at a small air base at Hampton Roads, Virginia, if they have not been
57
