{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T12:08:38Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 463557, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121834-et-shot-near-the-end-of-runway-at-mcguire-afb-nj-january-18-1978-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_sha256": "3cb5b1b5ba6cb699f38568914b9dbf769e3fd91317c6605e5cb70d19f1c6a70e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 479, "chars": 3084, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE EVIDENCE AND ITS BURDEN OF PROOF
September 23, 1980, was to become more than just a typically busy day for me in
UFO matters. According to my UFOLOG, I note that I had communications by phone
and mail with Joe Brill, Michael Dougan, Bob Gribble, Diane Saghe, and a journalist in
Japan. And, there was an envelope with an APO San Francisco return address.
Of interest, of course; was Gribble's call concerning a new source, a trucker who
reported that he had transported something secret for the military from Aztec, N. Mex., in
the late 1940's, and a response to a letter I had sent to Saghe seeking information from a
source she knew who had seen a captured saucer at a Texas airbase. But, standing out
above all else was the letter, APO San Francisco, dated September 16, 1980. It was typed
in proper military format on stationery with official letterhead. (See Figure 1. Note that I
have deleted the Security Police Squadron number. The name of the sender has been
changed to "Jeffrey Morse" in this report.)
Needless to say, I was stunned by the sergeant's bold disclosure of a military
incident of fatal consequences at McGuire AFB, N.J. My first reaction was that it was a
hoax, perhaps designed, if it were published, to embarrass or discredit my probes into
UFO crash/retrievals. Still fresh in mind was another episode in 1980 involving
questionable photographs received from a source under clandestine arrangements
requiring my travel to another State. In this case, although my initial role was to have the
photographs studied and authenticated, I made the mistake of announcing their
acquisition at the 1980 MUFON symposium in Houston. Thanks to a swift and well-
orchestrated smear campaign, researchers, by and large, became confused and questioned
both the photographs and my credibility. A hoax? A strategem to set me up? Probably,
but a lesson was learned. (Note 1)
During this fragile period, being suspicious of any stranger with information to
offer, I read Morse's letter over and over, and in between the lines, looking for anything
detectably wrong. But, I could find nothing wrong. The letterhead was real, the military
format was correct, the writer told his story as fact without emotional embellishment.
Maybe, I reasoned, it was the sobriety of the official letterhead that made the story itself
seem out of place with the real world. Like so many other stories of UFO close
encounters it sounded like borderline fantasy, and some also involved the military, such
as the British Rendlesham Forest Case. (Note 2)
Time will tell, I assured myself. Soon, Sgt. Morse would return home and if he
had something of substance to back his claims it would be the breakthrough. I was
determined to see this one case through disregarding time, energy, and cost. Proving it
however, would be a monumental burden.
To better understand the incident and its ramifications, some of which later
followed my source into civilian life, I believe it is essential to report verbatim most of
my early exchanges of communications with him. This covers a span of time from
133

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 527, "chars": 3176, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Morse's initial letter in 1980 into a period of apparent mail interference, then through his
long interval of silence into his re-emergence in 1983.
As advised in Morse's overseas letter, my reply of September 27, 1980, was
mailed to his home address. In the main, it was a message to establish a rapport of trust
between us, one in which he could feel comfortable in sharing the burden of his
experience, and to allay any anxieties he may have had about my research background.
My questions were few and simple. One, for instance, asked for more descriptive detail
of the recovered body; another asked how the body was removed from the scene and by
whom and still another, if he could reveal any names of the personnel assigned to the
area. I ended my letter with this thought: "Hope to hear from you soon and will follow
your mailing instructions. Your letter will remain confidential at this time and, of course,
your name not be used in any way."
Sgt. Morse, who was to be discharged and back home in November 1980, did not
acknowledge my letter. Considering the time lapse as critical, I sent another letter
November 18, 1980, quoted in part, "
...Hope by now you're out of the service as you
indicated in your letter from APO address....On September 27, I sent you a letter
concerning my research endeavors which I trust you received at your home address. The
incident you describe is, indeed, of interest to me and I hope you may find time soon to
reach me by letter or phone, or, perhaps, to meet me at your convenience. You are
certainly welcome to visit my home... tried reaching you by phone last week, but your
number is unlisted...""
In a letter dated November 27, 1980, from his home address, Morse answered as
follows: "Sorry to have had such a delay in my response to you. I'm sorry to say I did not
receive your letter of 27 September 1980. I haven't received any mail since August 1980.
I don't know why. I am now out of the service and am home. I am prepared to answer
your questions. I believe, however, I told you everything I know, buy l'in not sure it was
much to go on. But, I hope it leads you to someone who knows more about it. I'm sorry I
can't recall too many names. The desk sergeant that night was Sgt. C (last name only)
and he would know much more as fact. That's all I know of his name, however, I do
remember that he was rather dedicated and may still be in the USAF. Well, I would like
your next response ASAP and will try to give you my phone number by then."
On December 4, 1980, I sent Morse the following memorandum: "Your letter of
November 27 arrived yesterday. I was surprised to learn that my letter of September 27
did not reach you. Fortunately, I kept a, Xeroxed copy which I have duplicated and
enclosed for your consideration. Hope you can send me your phone number. Enclosed is
a gratis copy of my recently published Status Report II, which shows the scope of my
research."
Again, Morse, for unknown reasons did not answer. Considering his expressed
interest in my research and even allowing for other personal diversions, I though that 2 ½
months were enough time for him to respond. On February 16, 1981, I wrote again,
134

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 3071, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
expressing my concern and asked for a prompt reply as evidence of his sincerity. No
answer.
Had it not been for Morse' s brief letter of November 27 in which he asked for me
to respond "ASAP" I would have dismissed his disclosure of the incident as questionable.
Something was amiss. Or was the mail sent to this home being lost through negligence, a
long shot, or lifted at his post office by directive to the Postmaster from one of the
intelligence agencies? Whatever the method used to silence Jeffrey Morse, I reasoned, it
was effective. All communications ceased and, like so many other informants in 1980,
Morse became a phantom.
By March 1981, while preparing the text for Status Report III, I had decided it
was time to take inventory; time for appraisal of the material on hand and of myself still
in the midst of a heated controversy among researchers over the pros and cons of UFO
crashes and retrievals. I needed outside thinking, and assessment of cases, a new
perspective. To this end, I invited to my home two trustworthy friends who supported and
contributed to my endeavors: Dr. Peter Rank, Chief of Radiology at the Methodist
Hospital in Madison, Wis, and, Richard Hall, former Assistant Director of NICAP and
then Editor of the MUFON UFO Journal. (Note 3) During our long, weekend chats,
evaluating every case I planned to publish, we agreed that the Ft. Dix-McGuire encounter
was among the foremost as to potential value, providing we could establish the
genuineness of Morse. On this premise, I gave Hall his name and address, hopeful that
new blood might stimulate his response.
On April 10, 1982, Hall sent Morse a certified letter offering, on my behalf, to
meet him anywhere, anytime, to discuss the incident and provide my professional
services and funds if needed. Curiously, the certified letter was received and signed for
by Morse, April 12, but the silence continued. It continued for 17 months! Then, on
September 27, 1983, Hall received an urgent letter from Morse, quoted as follows:
"I am writing you in regards to your letter, 10 April 1982. I'm sorry that it has
taken so long to answer your letter. I had to be sure about you and your organization. My
mail has not been monitored for some time now, however, I must not express my
information in the letter form. I have been warned, threatened and I have personally been
interrogated as recently as February 1983, in reference to the subject I discussed with Len
Stringfield. I also have further information... which I know will interest you.... have the
opportunity now to travel to D.C. area. So if you wish to contact me again, you should
still have my address. Hope to hear from you soon. If after 2 weeks I have not heard from
you, I Will no longer acknowledge my participation with your group, nor will I answer
any mail."
When Hall phoned the news to me I advised that he follow up quickly by letter
and arrange for a meeting. Unfortunately, because of personal circumstances, Hall's
reply, October 10, 1983, was sent a couple of days later than the deadline set by Morse.
135

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 484, "chars": 3038, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F
Again, silence. On November 30, 1983, I wrote Morse the following letter, quoted in
part:
"...I held off writing until today, hoping that a little breathing time would give
you the motivation to write. It is difficult to believe that the mail I sent you in 1980 and
1981 failed to reach you, or, if you had received my letters that you were unable to reach
me in some manner. Obviously, there was interference both ways.... felt hopeful that
Hall's letter could open a new door of communications or, better still, a personal meeting
with him. Now that several weeks have passed, I feel, again, concerned about your
safety...Assuming you are still a "free' person, I suggest you simply call me, reversing
the charges...Jeff,
; please respond in some way, if only to acknowledge you received this
letter."
Morse surfaced by phone on December 6, 1983, and I heard his voice for the first
time. He called me at dinnertime, identifying himself by first name only. He said he felt
safe now as enough ime had passed since an official visitor warned him about his oath of
secrecy. Talking cautiously for about 15 minutes, we covered the basics of many issues.
Among his highpoints, however, were the disclosures that two days after the incident he
and others on duty at the scene were summoned to Wright-Patterson AFB for
interrogation, and that each was transferred promptly to a separate base overseas. His
assignment was to a new Security Police Squadron in Okinawa. "Others," he said, "went
to the Philippines, Germany, and Korea," Finally, he promised to answer my questions I
had by letter and he gave me his phone number.
Morse's phone call opened the gates. I followed up the next day with a four-page
, letter in which
I reiterated questions asked in 1980. Also, excerpted from my letter:
"Your testimony, is important. Of course, I'll need back-up witnesses such as Dick Hall
so that credibility is established...Enclosed is a copy of Status Report III. Your report,
Case A3 in on page 9 with my comments about our correspondence problems. At one
point I wondered if you really existed or if your letter was a hoax. So, you can imagine
my relief when I heard your voice."
Morse replied promptly, his letter post-marked December 14, 1983, included a
map he sketched of the scene of action and a rough drawing of the body. (Answers, to
some of my key questions appear later in the test of this paper wherever the subject is "
appropriate.) Additional information came by phone, December 13, 1983. In this
exchange, I got the names and ranks of the officers who were his interrogators at Wright-
Patterson. These, he said, were obtained from a source still in the Air Force he preferred
not to identify.
With the Ft. Dix-McGuire case going from Square One to Square Two, my
dialogue with Morse was now on a constant but cautious track, always mindful of
surveillance.
The next event came as a surprise by certified mail postmarked December 23,
1983. On the flap of the envelope it said "Merry Christmas. I hope you like it." Inside,
136

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 523, "chars": 3218, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
was a Xeroxed copy of the Incident/Complaint Report (Form 1569) that Morse had
hinted, by phone, he might be able to procure as important back-up. The Report was
. brief, but essentially contained the same story told by Morse. Prepared by Desk Sgt. WC
and signed by 1st Lt. WS, it was channeled to Col. Landon, Commanding Officer of
McGuire AFB; Brig. Gen. Brown, Hdq., 21% Air Force (at McGuire AFB); and the Air
Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI). It contained the names of the security
policemen involved, including Morse, and the name of the MP assigned to Ft. Dix whom
Morse later identified as the person having shot the alien intruder. (See Figure 2,
Incident/Complaint Report.) However, as agreed in our ensuing talks, I have deleted the
names of the persons in the document. Also to protect the persons named, as he later
confirmed when questioned, Morse had opaqued out the social security numbers opposite
each name in the report. "These numbers are private," he said.
The document is avowedly not proof. For it to be established as bona fide would,
in turn, require additional irretrievable reports, memoranda, tapes, ad infinitum. In this
regard, however, Morse said on several occasions that he had attempted to obtain a later
Form 1569 Report mentioned by the desk sergeant, but was unsuccessful. Nevertheless,
the Incident/Complaint Report, as it stands, is a strong link of evidence not easily
dismissed, even if denied officially or by any of its named personnel who might be
coerced to so do. (Note 4)
The genesis for Case A-3 as it is designated in Status Report III is a taped
rebroadcast over the Armed Forces Far Eastern Radio Network of an interview conducted
'by Charlie Tuna of KATZ, Los Argeles, July 28, 1980. I remember the interview well,
concerning my UFO crash/retrieval probes at which time I was promoting Status Report
I, published by MUFON. At the close of the interview, I gave my home address for
listeners who might cóntribute information. By chance, Morse, with his new Security
Police Squadron in Okinawa, heard t as did others in the U.S. Armed Forces in the Far
East. As confirmation of this, I have a letter of inquiry from a serviceman, D. N. Cook,
stationed in Korea who mentioned the broadcast. (Letter on file.)
-
To establish how it all began, I believe, is important for it diminishes the chance
that Morse may have acted in collusion with a Stateside hoaxer. Also, to verify that he
was stationed in Okinawa, I asked questions about the island's terrain and its little-known
offshore island, le Shima. His answers were right on target as a I knew these islands well,
, having been there myself with the 5'' Air Force in World War II.
For the incident itself at McGuire AFB we have only Morse's word and his word
only that it happened the way he described it based on his recall of his own experience
and observations. Other than the Incident/Complaint Report which produced names, no
other person has responded to Morse's request for back-up testimony. One letter he
addressed to another member of his unit on patrol went unanswered; still another refused
to surface tol his request fearing for his career in the services. "No way," was the
response.
137

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 496, "chars": 2992, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Additional details about the affair came bit by bit based on specific questions by
phone and letter during 1984, which are broken down for simplicity into categories as
follow:
1. The Humanoid Factor. At varying times during his patrol duty, Morse was within
40 to 70 feet from the prostrate body on the abandoned runway #5. Never close enough to
observe details such as facial features, or its hands and feet, he did recall that, under the
glare of truck headlights, the skin of the unclad, hairless body was wet, shiny, and snake.
like. As reported in his initial letter, the entity was about 4 feet in height with large head,
slender torso, thin arms and legs, and overall, of grayish-brown coloration.
Unquestionably not human, it was however of humanoid stature, fitting the anatomical
description so often heard. from military sources who have made claim to having seen
entities at crash sites and as defined, coincidentally, by a medical source who allegedly
performed an autopsy on a specimen in the early 1950's. (Note 5) (Also, see Figure 3,
drawing by Morse.)
Always pressing for more detail, I once proferred the notion that the McGuire
corpse could have been that of a wild animal, a deer perhaps or an escaped ape from a
military experimentation lab, or a zoo. To this Morse replied, "No zoo nearby. We did
have a problem with deer on the runway, but no one ever made such a big fuss over a
deer."
The only other animal anomaly that Morse attributed to the presence of the body
• was the strong smell of ammonia in the cold night air, and, I note here that the same odor
also prevailed at the alleged crash site in Case A-2 of Status Report III.
2. UFO Reports. Morse, who never sighted a UFO before or after the incident, was
among many on duty who witnessed the bluish-green lights flying high and in tight
formation over the adjoining Ft. Dix-McGuire bases. And, in the Incident/Complaint
Report is the confirmation of their flight by the radar operator, A/IC R, on duty at the
airbase control tower. Also, he had learned from the state trooper and later from his desk
sergeant, WC, that one of the UFOs had come in at low level over the Ft. Dix MP's
patrol car causing temporary failure of his radio transmission. (See Figure 4 and Figure 5.
Drawings of UFO flight formation and map of Ft. Dix-McGuire showing sites
of
shooting and location of body, based on sketches by Morse.)
Although he never was able to see or talk with the Ft. Dix MP, JS, Morse did seek
confirmation after his military service from the New Jersey State Police for their part in
the incident, but he got nowhere, claiming they would not cooperate. Also, attempts to
locate the state trooper he met at Gate #5 were futile. In this runaround, I recall Case A8
in Status Report III where the police personnel involved in the 1966 Hillsdale-Dexter,
Michigan, encounter were immediately transferred to new posts in the county, and that all
records on their blotter regarding the incident were removed.
138
