{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:19:16Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 183202, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121814-witness-observes-et-body-in-underground-morgue-at-wright-patterson-air-force-base-in-1974-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_sha256": "87b8d3b8762fcbea7119a3785bf6f1254b0831be1843af387023320e3f7c3a0f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 541, "chars": 3415, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
iulATOR
AVERTIÇE
IVER
IT jELiANE,
URFACES
in. much
FoR
THAT!
c.D.T, B.s.
atrophied and'
"nó longer vital to survival Whtle speculation can be fun there is no
substantive evidence to make an educated appraisal.
*1 455730
Wright-Pattersori AFB
lat teeth in the 1942 east coast crash. There are other early year cases which produced
runors of allens with perfect teeth whose Wespan exceeded Methuselah But I have always
relegated most of these stories as baseless. ‹ On a final, positive note. Mosgrove" In an attempt
assignment In 1979. Now on staff of a Vets hospital in Chicago, he responded, "No comment. I
silll work for the federal government."
1974, A Year of Strange Strategies: Emily's Morgue Test r
Emily's case ls bizarre. In fact. it is unique in crash/retrieval research. She had witnessed.
frsthand, a deceased allen in a morgue drawer at Wright-Patterson AFB. To hei, it was likela
bad dream, admitting that she has had a hard me belleving her own experience - or. why it
Occurring in 1974, Emily's story could easily be brushed aside as fantasy. But. as certain
detalls of her high-intrigue case gradually surfaced, she may have been an unwitting victim of
a broader high level scheme. In this respect, Ifelt that her expertênce deserved a niche in this
report. Despite the high strangeness of her case; is hers any less credible than others who
relate mind-boggling experiences?
My personal involvement in Emüy's case began March. 3: 1993, when she consented to join Pat
Packard, a local researcher. (later to become MUFON's Section: Director in Southwestern
Ohio) and a friend to visit me in my home. She had been reluctart to see me, or anyone else.
about her experience untl Aprl 1992 when Packard first learned of the case from her friend, a
business acquaintance. But, after questioning her brietly at various times: he could not come
to grips in accepting It as realty. On the otherihand, he admitted that Emily. could have
experienced something extraordinary, stating "She cried, really cried. when trying to tell about
her seeing the allen cadaver."
Learing that we had a mutual interest in exotle plants. Emily brought me a tray of seedlings
of a Kalanchoe, species for my garden room collection of succulerits and cactl and bromeliads.
and some other hard-to-grow tropical plants. Having just sprinkled the tropicals: the smell of
a jungle eased our way into the subject of cadavers.
Emily being an experienced artist for a large: department store in downtown Cincirinati, she
was offered an art Job with attractive pay bý her Uncle John who was a top executive of a
company, now defünct, named Hoelche Envirotental Services! in western Cincinnati. An
interview, With, her prospective boss. Mr. Ker. went smooth she said, discussing
envirormental issues and the nature of her artworks, Hired, she was allowed two weeks to give
proper notice to her former employer and, was to start work on a given Monday.
During this waiting period, Emily went out one evening for a dinner party. While toasting a
drink. to her surprise. Mr. Kern just happened to show up and was quick to explain how he
knew she would be at the restaurant. hoping to see her. Of course, she said, he was invited to
Join her table.,
Somehow, said Emily, the subject got onto UFOs, most of it critical. Again, surprise, tem
took issue with the critics, but she has forgotten the points of his argument. Later: privately;
327

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 643, "chars": 3735, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
agreed to the challenge. According to Emily, he said" "Tonight"
I asked Emily If she felt safe with a stranger making such an unusual proposition. She said
that she did because he was a friend of her Uncle John's, and too, she wondered if it might be
just a test of her ability to perform on the job. They dröve to Wright-Patterson AFB.
"He had the right kind of credentials to get past all the guarded gates" said Emily, adding, "At
one of the guard posts. I was given à clearance badge, but, beyord that, he used a plastle key
to open doors, one to an elevator." It all seemed too pat. just as though they were expecting
both of us to be thiere."
Agatr. using the magic plastic key, said Emily, showing some discomfort, they entered an
underground room, well-lighted, in which there was a bullt-in section with several ters of
drawers.
During one "perlod of lull" with" Kèrn seemingly. preoccupled by staring at the
drawers;
à person in uniform. unarned. entered "the room.
He smalled curtly, nodded to
acknowledge her presence, said a few words inaudibly to Kern, then departed through a door
ion the opposite side of the room. Kern then walked up to one of the drawers, pulled it open
and asked her to look inside.
Emlly was shocked: unable; she recalls, to utter a sound. There before her, at face level, was a
small lifeless body in a zipper bag, opened to the waist. In disbelief, she said! "The eyes got
me. They were so big and powerful and live looking that I felt like I was hypnotzed. Kem said
nothing, but I could sense that he was watching me, my every move."
When I asked if she recognized any cameras mounted in the room, "I didn't think to look," she
said, to which 1 responded that more than one was probably rigged to record her behavior. At
that poirit, Emily, sitting across from rae sher eyes wätering arid hands clasping, sald thát she
was so unnerved at that time, she could onlý vaguely recall other features of the half-exposed
cadaver. "It was grey, she said, about 4 feet tall with a slim torso with skin that looked like an
'guana in texture.". After a moments pause she continued 1 should know. I have a large
¡guana as a pet." :Ofittie face, she remeribered a small sit of a mouth and no nose. Then,
after a prolonged silerice, she looked at me squárely and said, "Mr. Ken invited te to touch it
arid I did. It was cold, but those eyes; they looked alive to me."
"On the return trip home, little was said" said Emily, "I remember trembling th the car and I
guess I murabled about the body, the morgue ánd secrecy, but Mr. Kern, except to remtrid me
that I was not to tell anybody about the trip was very quet, not at al'tike he had been at the
party and during the interview."
Finally, her eyes showing her inner stresses. she said, "So. I häve seen the proof. but who was
the real Mr. Kern? Why me? I had hoped to find out when I reported to work Monday."
• Other shocks, were in store for: Emily. Reporting to work on Monday, she was införmed by
Kern's secretary that he had died suddenly of a heart attack and that her job had been
canceled, And, checking the newspapers for Kern's obituary, his demise was never listed
Emily was left adrift for years in her own surreal Hall of Mirrors, wondering who was who at
Foelche's.
«I had talked with Pat Packard before Emily's visit to relate that'I may be able to explain the
reason for her misadventure at the morgue and its connection with other high-level strategies.
Based on the known data, I later told Emily that it was my bellef that the Hoelche Company
was a front for a special intelligence operation. Speculating further, I said: some, If not all of
«Its: personnel were undercover agents with Mr. Kern, who, using a fake name and credential
328
