{"created_utc": "2026-09-04T12:23:44Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 99019, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304133182894076, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121858-teardrop-shaped-ufo-seen-at-great-lakes-naval-base-during-september-of-1973-leonard-stringfield-notes.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540872490000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/121858-teardrop-shaped-ufo-seen-at-great-lakes-naval-base-during-september-of-1973-leonard-stringfield-notes.pdf", "source_sha256": "3f96b10a68f86cccd32f7284d652499931e3e20b5440f1aaf80ba7b3f3c74ae2"}

the Combat
       On our return to. Myrtle Beach AFB, S.C., a week later, I was requested to report to the Brig. General of
                                                                 I had broken  securitya He only asked  one question — "What
       Wing. The debriefing was very short. He informed me that
               seer' My  reply was, 'Nothingl" His answer was, "You  have the right answer  to the question" and! was dismiss-
       did you
  ?    ed.

       The. incident caused me to research fully the object we had seen. Having a TOP SECRET clearance enabled me to gain
  1,
       valuable information that otherwise would be impossible to obtain. I could go on forever on what is considered
       "hearsay" or secondhand information, but for a brief thirty seconds a disc-shaped object of metallic color, 15 feet wide
       and eight feet deep was seen. I cannot confirm anything other than it. was there.

       One thing that has always puzzled me was the lack of security. It wasn't even located in the test facility of Wright-
       patterson AFB. It was near the Bight Ene having,just arrived or awaiting deployment. That is just my guess.


COMMENT: Names of the officers 'involved in this case are withheld on PJ's request, for obvious reasons.
If the craft observed by the witness was freshly retrieved, the year 1962 is significant, considering we have
clash/retrievals reported in Cases A-6 in Status Report II and in B-4, in this paper.


CASE A-7: ' RK of Columbus, Ohio was an instructor in Gunnery School with E-4 Grade, Great Ickes
Naval Base; March 1973-September 1974, and1was being groomed, he said, for Intelligence School.
     At first glance, the UFO in this case'seems to be a military device, perhaps one of U.S. manufacturer or
by some foreign power. Whatever it was, according to RK, the UFO caused enough concern to the U.S.
Navy to shoot it down with a surface-to-air missile, retrieve it from the ocean and ship it secretly by rail to
the Great Lakes Naval base where it was put under heavy guard.
     My informant, RK; who came to my home with researcher Don Jernigan of Columbus, Ohio July 14,
1980; to relate his role in this case said he believed that it was "by coincidence' that he guarded the same ob-
ject in Chicago allegedly 'shot down by a Navy destroyer in the Pacific.
      In September, 1973, according to RK,while an Instructor Gunnery School, he was assigned to guard
                                                                              in


the premises of a large quonset but at Great Lakes Naval Base, with orders not to let anybody within 100
yards:                 ' t '
      At one point while on duty he was approached by an officer in a jeep who handed him a sealed
envelope and was directed td deliver it to the Commandant in the quonset hut. Passing other guards inside
he was surprised to'see a strange metallic craft, 30 feet long and 10 feet high, resting on a wooden platform.
      "It was light silvery blue and shimmering," said RK, adding, '`It tapered like a tear-drop with a flange
running along its topside from one end to the other and there were no windows." With guards watching, he
said, he could not linger fora better look. Delivering the sealed envelop, he got the Commandant's signature
of receipt, saluted and returned to his post, feeling puzzled. Immediately coming to mind was a story he had
heard from a sailor he met in San Diego, just weeks earlier while on special assignment there. Said RK, 'The
object was strikingly similar to one he was guarding, according to the sailor (name not recalled by RK), that
was shot down by a missile between Hawaii and the mainland in June, 1973. The UFO was picked up by his
destroyer's radar and came into view making three close passes, and one directly over the vessel. It was a
ludcy hit said the sailor, causing the UFO to crash into waters that were about 350 feet deep. According to
RK's informant, the object was retrieved by a Glomar Explorer, shipped to Hawaii and then sent Stateside
and finally to Chicago. A sketch of the craft was drawn by thesailor, and, according to RK, there was "little
doubt" that it was the same object he had seen in the quonset hut.


COMMENT: Viewing RK's sketch of the object, it certainly was not the typical discoidal or illipsoidal
UFO. If true that the UFO passed.menacingly over a U.S. warship, it seems to rule out a secret U.S. aircraft.
And if it were a robot device, used for missile practice, why the retrieval operation and subsequent secrecy?
Russian? Hardly. It would be extremely, risky for a surveillance device to fly so close to a U.S. warship in
waters .near the U,S.A, When I.mentioned this incident to a person who claimed to be an ':Insider" (at one
time at Wright-Patterson) I was told that he knew of no incident where a UFO had been shot down by U.S.
warships at sea. RK described his sailor source as being a credible person. Perhaps his source was actually
performing in an Intelligence role as a test for RK's later position in Navy Intelligence.


                                                                     89
