{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T21:56:50Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 100103, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121839-flying-saucer-seen-at-wright-patterson-air-force-base-during-november-1946.pdf", "source_sha256": "bb105f5312deed5161cfd434ee0dd3a1f81da67d623b51b774c69fd6ccc9a428"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 2871, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
ous reasons and was a former veteran of the United States Army Air Force who came forth and
invited me to his home, which was a short distance from my former home in Florida near the
Kennedy Space Center. He finally came out of the closet with his guarded event and told me
the following story in detail and described the object that he witnessed while he was serving as
a Private stationed at Wright Field in Dayton, Ohio in 1946. At Wright Field, he was assigned
duties to keep detailed records of all the personnel that were working at the base which included
Army, US Navy, service records and other pertinent data. He was delivering such information to
building 18 (not yet known as Hangar 18). A friend of his was part of the base security unit there
and as he entered the building the guard asked him if he wanted to see a strange aerial craft that
was stored there recently. He followed him inside and to his surprise; a disc shaped object was
sitting on the deck. Apparently it had not been placed under a tarpaulin or covering as yet. The
tarpaulin was lying nearby as if someone or a team of people had been recently working on it.
Various equipment, tools, etc. were scattered on the hanger floor near it.
It was about 15 feet in diameter and approximately 7 feet in height. I thought, hmmm,
sounds familiar. He described it as two soup bowls sealed together, similar to Dr. Race in 1989
at Tulane University. It was an 18 inch in diameter divider section with 10 × 15 inch rectangular
windows set at about 8 to 10 inches apart circling the disc. I asked if he would review a sketch
I was drawing as a comparison (See attached drawing and details). He agreed it was very accu-
rate. The guard told his friend that several scientists had been there and attempted to gain entry
into the interior. They tried to use a diamond tipped drill bit to penetrate the glass type material
enclosing each window yet the drill had no effect on the clear glassy material. There were no
visual doors or entry hatches. No insignias, flags, no writing, no numbers that could shed any de-
tails on the national origin, if earthly of the strange craft. The outer metal appeared to be molded
of one continuous material. It appeared to be made of brushed aluminum yet it was not that type
of metal.
The craft body inside and out appeared to possess no weld seams, no rivets, no apparent
joining of the 'metal' (?) skin of the craft. They both looked into the interior and did not see
anything of apparent unique interest. No control panels, no seats, no hatches, no entities, noth-
ing. A cylinder was in the center rising out of the base. It was about seven feet from the window.
The cylinder was about three feet in diameter and possibly housed the power unit. The security
/

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 350, "chars": 2223, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
15
guard became nervous after about ten
150х
minutes into their study of the object
and asked his friend to exit the build-
ing. They both did. He was a Private
and was a Clerk Specialist assigned to
VIDI PERS CHEY
#646535467H TRAMONA TIP TRIL CUTS AND DID NOT
PENETRATE FRIEND SAY SCIENTIS TAYING GIRA
interview and classifies new recruits
to their specialty school on base. He
1460"
did not view the craft again. The Base
• No RiVETS
INSIDE:
Commander of Wright Field at that
за0g
time was Colonel Nathan F. Twining
who would later become the Chairman
of the Joint Chiefs of Staff at the Pen-
The alleged Arkansas disc that was stored at Wright Field in the mid
tagon. Twining would also be deeply in-
1940s.
volved in the military secrecy regarding UFOs, Roswell, and other Top Secret activities regard-
ing alien crafts and occupants being recovered at various sites on earth. This witness voluntarily
gave the author copies of his military records and honorable discharge. The records show that he
did have an assignment at Wright Field in the year he stated in this report.
So, was Dr. Jack L. Race involved in the crash and retrieval of a disc in Arkansas in
1946? I began an investigation into locating him again at Tulane University in 1994. But had no
success in having his additional personal information released for my books. In early January,
2006, I again made another attempt to locate Dr. Jack L. Race at Tulane University. The univer-
sity had been badly damaged by hurricane Katrina and many of its records had been damaged.
I finally reached a source of medical control of campus professional information that disclosed
to me that Dr. Jack L. Race had died in 1992. Another strange case as many have become in the
search for absolute truth. I continue my unrelenting investigations; for 65 years of involvement
in the study of this UFO phenomena.
This Chapter from the book "Stargate Chronicles" is copyright © 2012 by Clark C. McClelland. All rights reserved.
Any unauthorized copying or publication, by any means, digital or print, without written authorization of the author, is strictly prohibited.
