{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:43:47Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 201209, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121867-drawing-of-us-army-special-operations-group-involved-in-altercation-with-ets-cambodia-april-1972-report-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_sha256": "1977f9e7daffc48982a38a68dc931d4e55513dfde32a0bcdb105fe3ca822449c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 784, "chars": 4747, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
with Gloria. Not long before I talked to her, she had telephoned a man who had worked for the
local paper (Farminglon Daily Times) at the time of the incident. In 1976, he was representing
New York Life Insurance in Farmington. He told Jane the exact dale of the incident -- March 18,
1950. He said he did not recall the identities of the people who pholographed the object -- bui
they went back the next day to find the object gone and no traces to indicate it was ever there.
The newspaperman was Clayton J. Boddy, business manager at the Daily Times. He is described
in news reports as one of the wilnesses to the apparent massive UFO over-flight above
Farmington the previous day - March 17, 1950 (actually, that was the third of three consecutive
days of such over-flights).
Clayton Boddy told Jane that he did not see the photos of the landed object, that he only heard
about them. However, a mutual acquaintance of theirs told Jane that Boddy had indeed seen the
In the conversation of July 25, 1976, Jane S. also related Information about an apparent crash
very near Los Alamos, New Mexico. According to her information, the event would have happened
about three years previous to our conversation, which would place it in the neighborhood oi mid-
1973. (I can remember hearing the slightest of rumors concering a UFO crash near Los Alamos
in 1973 or 1974.) Jane said the present (in 1976) fire chiel in Farmington had lived in Los Alamos
for 15 years. He did not claim lo have witnessed the crash, but only to have "heard about it". He
said it was close lo the "outer edge" of Los Alamos. He said the crash (or landing?) site was roped
off and guarded. The fire chief said he had reason to believe the object was a "space vehicle". He
moved to Farminglon just after the crash occurred. At the time, Jane talked to him in 1976, he was
very ill. He told her in no uncertain terms that he did not want 1o talk 1o anyone else about the
incident nor did he want lo become furiher involved in any way.
THE MYSTERY MIX: LANDINGS AND/OR CRASHES
In my endeavor to evaluate the revelations of "inside" informants, like "Bob" and "Dr. Epigoni".
and others with peripheral bits of information, I wonder about the thin line of difference
between some UFOs that are described as crash landings and others as just "landings" or as
known in our jargon, touch-landings.
Analytical guesses are not good enough; we need facts, but 1o get them for a meaninglul
evaluation, we're on the wrong side of the secrecy wall.
However, there are hints or clues.
Epigoni tells us about landings with aliens, or robots, in suspended animation; Bob tells us
about a landing near White Sands Missile Range within a few days of the Roswell crash and, to
pick out a couple more well-publicized cases, we should consider the Socorro. New Mexico.
landing in 1964, when police officer, Lonnie Zamora, watched white-suiled entities who
seemed to be inspecting their troubled egg-shaped cralt. Or, let's go back lo an incident near
West Palm Beach, Florida, in 1952, when scout leader, Sonny DesVerges, encountered a landed
craft on the edge of a palmetto thicket. According 1o DesVerges, a grotesque creature emerged
and then he was hit by a ball of red fire, causing temporary time loss.
Clues, yes, but in my mundane opinion, the evidence is only a superficial sampling. There are
many other samples, too, for which there are no obvious parallels.
One is of the grisly kind
and if it were not for the integrity of my source, who experienced it. I would prefer not to believe
the story. I've known my source, a high-ranking army officer, for several years and I know
that he is a straight-shooter. After some consideration, he sent me the following report which
occurred in Cambodia during the Vietnam War:
We have discussed this on several occasions. Let us just say that in April, 1972, members of a U.S.
Army Special Operalions group were involved in a fire light with the occupants oi an identilled
alien craft. There were several alien casualties and a single human death, though several were
burned by an unknown weapon.
and given a "cover memory"
of a much more benign nature.
resurfaced, the truth was that the platoon happened on a group of aliens sorling human body
parts (some of which were not native, they were white) into large bins and sealing them. A fire
fight ensued and several of the aliens were killed after it was learned that the light silver colored
suits they were wearing were essentially bullet-prool. All but one of the alien casuallies resulted
from "head shols". One alien was killed by "friendly fire". As the soldiers pulled back several of the
aliens quickly packed as much as they could. One pressed the side of the craft and a "gangway"
221

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 148, "chars": 951, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CRAFT ENCOUNTERED IN MILITARY OPERATION NEAR TONG LI SAP,
CAMBODIA IN APRIL, 1972
Craft was polished, highly reflective, mirrored in appearance.
Symbol on surface seemed to be "ground" and "sandblasted" as it
was less reflective. No apparent opening or door was seen until
just before departure.
This was evidently due to an extremely
precise fit and the nature of materials involved. Although armor
was not readily apparent, the surface was impervious to small
arms fire. The craft emitted a high pitched hum (even while
motionless on the ground) and was otherwise nearly silent in its
ascent. Legs appeared to be one contiguous piece with a body
but withdrew into the orb during takeoff. Spherical in shape,
the craft appeared to be approximately 50 feet in diameter. The
encounter and the description of the object were reported
directly to civilians who identified themselves as representatives
of "MAJIC'.
--Drawing and Text by Army Officer.
222

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 670, "chars": 4231, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
slid down. They all scrambled into the opening, which disappeared as it closed. The hum from
the craft increased as it rose and the "legs" pulled Into the body. It then accelerated at a fantastic
rate and disappeared from sight. When the unit was picked up, a "mop up" team cleared the area
of any trace.
The body of the slain soldier began to decompose almost Immedlately after death.
The unit was held incognito for several days during the interrogation and warned never to discuss
the incident. Over the ensuing sixteen years, surviving members suffered nightmares about the
Incident which were increasingly different from the cover glyen by post hypnotic suggestion.
When the memories finally surfaced all personnel involved had nearly identical memories. When
'agents of the responsible department were queried as to why this was done, there was no denial
of the incident, only that they had been "buying time". Then the unit was interrogated originally
by military personnel and then by civilians who were identified as representatives of "MAJIC".
They were familiar with this group as all unusual alrcraft sightings were reported through
channels to "MAJIC" although no one knew who they were. Enclosed is an illustration with legend
depicting the craft involved.
NEW INVESTIGATION, NEW DATA, NEW BOOK: UFO CRASH AT ROSWELL
From my point of view, I can vouch for the co-authors, Don Schmitt's and Kevin Randle's.
meticulous investigation before publishing their book, UFO Crash at Roswell (Avon). In their
book, if there are voids in the chain of Roswell events, it is probably because the source is
deceased or unreachable or unwilling to respond, admitting that he has been sworn to secrecy.
The authors, I know, have traveled everywhere in the USA to track down sources.
The following statement by the co-authors arrived June 1, 1991, Just a week or so before release
of their book:
Something highly unusual crashed in the high desert northwest of Roswell, New Mexico in the
summer of 1947.
The United States military reported the recovery of a "lying disc" and
newspapers around the world carried the unprecedented story.
The military acted quickly and efficiently in response to the initial report by a local ranch
issuing a press relcase that declared the recovery of an actual flying disc. Then, the
military abruptly changed Its original statement, officially classifying the object as a downed
"Rawin Target" balloon. Apparently, officers of the elite 509th Squadron, the only nuclear bomb
wing in the world at that time, misidentified the remnants of a very common weather device
constructed of mere rubber, foll, wood and twine. And, while the cover story was golng into effect,
50 to 60 troops were retrieving the actual debris, craft and its crew from two separate sites on the
heavily cordoned ranch. The true wreckage, unlike anything the men had ever seen or handled,
defled all conventional explanation.
Major Jesse Marcel, intelligence officer of the 509th, reported, ".... was certain...that it was not a
weather bålloon, not an aircraft, nor a missile. It was something else, we didn't know what it was."
Nine known flights transported the mysterious debris from Roswell under heavy security to at
least three government installations.
The men who took part in the recovery were sworn to
secrecy and one of the most significant events in the history of mankind faded into obscurity.
The truth about Roswell was not resurrected until Marcel revealed his role to a reporter, thirty
years after the press asked its last question.
the provost marshal, who supervised all security measures at the crash-sile in 1947, told us tha
le considered himself still sworn to secrecy forty-three years after the event. So did al
telligence operative who assisted the special oversight team from Washington, D.C. One of th
ips directlv involved in the recovery of the bodies told us the sam
There is absolutely no denying the government cover-up of what really happened at Roswell, a
suppression that continues today.
Recently, an even more disturbing aspect of the sinister nature of Roswell has been uncovered. It
has been reported to us by six separate witnesses that not only did the United States government
223
1.
