{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T20:24:52Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 53465, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121800-photo-of-et-body-shown-to-son-by-worker-at-wright-patterson-air-force-base-in-1966.pdf", "source_sha256": "8c08cd82b5555efb0bfffb549704166c36461355b6a1aafc3012829661c100f6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 3024, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
:
=.
•
COMMENT:
The brief, but vital facts bared in the testimony of Mrs. G. is not to be underestimated.
I firmly believe Charles Wilhelm, and prior to Mrs. G.'s death, he said he saw Mrs.
Go's Wright-Patterson AFB ID badge.
ABSTRACT 13
The late James mitchell was formerly a Navy specialist who served at an Air Station
in Dallas, Texas, where his duties included the handling of confidential film. After.
retirement from the Navy in 1966, he became a civil service electrician at Wright-
Patterson AFB, holding top secret clearance allowing him to work in high security
areas on the base.
In 1977, in association with my regular employment, I met one of the sons of James
Mitchell. Knowing of my research, be came to my office to relate an incident involving
his father with base security for having possession of a photograph which showed a
small alien humanoid allegedly killed following a skirmish with U.S. military forces in
Arizona.
According to my informant, he was away from home at college at the time his father
brought the photo home from Wright-Patterson in 1966. However, his brother, Mike,
who now lives in California, was at home at that time and was
• shown the photo by
his father.
In due course, my business associate reached his brother, Mike, by phone and asked
him to describe the photo and also to comment on his father's actions at that time.
Mike obligingly described the photo as an 8 x 10, black and white glossy, showing two
men, one wearing khaki, the other in a lab coat, holding up a dead body about 3-1/2
feet tall. The photo was taken at a fair distance on a clear day in a panarama of
desert showing patchy scrub vegetation.
Most of the details were by now hazy to
Mike, but he recalls that the alien's head was pear-shaped and oversized for its body,
with slits for eyes and mouth. He also remembers that the humanoid was wearing a
dull, wrinkled, metallic suit.
Mike, in recalling the actions of his father, said that he had come home from work
and seemed excited as he flashed the photo at him, made a sly glance, and then put
it away under some papers in his dresser drawer.
He also recalls that he said, "I
can't keep it. I must take it back." or
Later in the evening, according to Mike, his father confided that he knew the story
connected with the photo. He said that during early moraing military exercises in a
desert area of Arizona,
a unit encountered a group of aliens near a landed craft.
There was probably a skirmish and one alien put up quite a fight. Subdued, the small
creature was given a sedative, by injection, which caused its death. * The story goes
that the other members of the Third Kind escaped into "their craft and flew away'
The one dead body was supposedly shipped to Wright-Patterson, preserved in dry ice.
The next day, Mike said, his father seemed greatly disturbed. Something had happened
at the base concerning the photo.
He remembers that he had to return it and from
that day on, James Mitchell refused to discuss the photo again with anyone..
14°
