{"created_utc": "2026-09-07T17:52:11Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 160815, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304132786613695, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121850-pathologist-et-report-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540871950000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/121850-pathologist-et-report-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_sha256": "1cc3f7cff5046feb79450d608f3b08b9a1d76d8263daf787c9b2f8712c084b8f"}

.CAS&A-7

     This entry concerns the medical phase of my inquiry into the study of the alien occupants allegedly
 recovered from crashes of their vehicles. My first meetingwith a prime medical contact came in June 1978, while
working on my fast paper for release in Dayton, Ohio. It was arranged by a veteran researcher of long
acquaintance who was aware of my quest for UFO crash/retrieval information. He also knew that .1 had
acquired certain basic pathological information from other sources. Over our dinner, information from the
doctor, who served on the staff of a major hospital, came slowly and cautiously, as expected. He made references
to a colleague who performed an autopsy on an alien body in the early 1950's, but, in the main, not much new
data were revealed beyond general exterior anatomy. Significant, however, was that certain characteristics,
some ambiguously described by other sources, were surprisingly corroborated. Of course, I asked many
questions. Most were unanswered: Later that evening, I met my informant's charming wife and we all agreed
that our subject was not only bizarre, but almost too incredible for the general public's acceptance. Departing,
the doctor was agreeable to further meetings.
     Communications continued, also a developing mutual trust in our exchange of information. The doctor's
next move was for us to enjoin privately in Dayton, following my scheduled talk.I met him briefly inthe lobby of
the Convention Center before the program commenced, and agreed to rejoin him at a certain time in my room at
the Stouffer's Inn. However, because of the intervention of the threats, which caused a sudden shift of my room
for my safety, he was unableto reach me. I later learned that even his note that he had pushed under the door of
my former room went mysteriously astray. It seems the new occupant, seemingly distressed by the transfer,
could have noted the hotel of the note and they in turn could have made an attemptto reach me in the room to
which I had been reassigned. But the Dayton affair was full of mysteries that may go forever unexplained.
     Soon, normal liaison with the doctor resumed. In time, as newinformation relative to UFO crashes reached
me from several new sources, so did new vital data about the alien's physiology. Emerging was a. new source, a
noted doctor, who was willing to receive and answer some of my questions. I was to know him as a specialist,
who, in his area of expertise, had performed anautopsy on analien being in.the early 1950's. From him, in time, I
was able to envision the body entire, and the more! learned of its internal chemistry and some of its organs, or,
by human equation, the lack of them, I realized that our captured mortal member of the universe was beyond the
limits of my non-professional evaluation.
     During 1979, my sole objective in UFO research has been to release newly acquired data concerning
whatever is obtainable from creditable sources about the continuing study of the recovered alien bodies. In the
main, it has come from medical people. It is,. therefore, important in this paper to first review the general data!
have correlated collectively from several sources in the compendium that follows:

  • The approximate height of the alien humanoid is 3½ to 4½ feet tall. One source approximated Sleet. The
    weight is approximately 40 lbs.

  • Two round eyes without pupils. Underheavybrow ridge, eyes described variouslyas large, almond-shaped,
    elongated, sunken or deep set, far apart, slightly slanted, appearing "Oriental" or "Mongoloid."

 • The head, by human standards, is large whencompared with thesize of the torso and limbs."Takes look at
   a 5-month human fetus," [was told.

 • No ear lobes or protrusive flesh extending beyond apertures on each side of head.

 • Nose is vague. Two nares are indicated with only slight protuberance.

 • Mouth. is indicatedas.asmall"slit"withoutlips,openingintoasmallcavity.Mouthappearsnottofunction
   as a means of communications or as an orifice for food ingestion.

 • Neck described as being thin; and in some instances, not beingvisible because ofgarment on that section of
   body.

 • Most observers describethe head of the humanoids as hairless. One said that the pate showed a slightfuzz.
   Bodies are described as hairless.


                                                    46
   • Small and thin fits the general description of the torso. In most instances, the body was observed wearing a
     metallic but flexible garment.

   • Arms are described, long and thin and reaching down to the knee section.

  .• One type of hands has four fingers, no thumb. Two fingers appear longer than others. Some observers had
     seen fingernails; others without. A slight webbing effect between fmgers was noted by three authoritative
     observers. (See Attachment 3.) Other reports indicate types with less or more than four fingers.

   • Legs short and thin. Feet of one type described as having no toes. Most observers describe feet as covered.
     One source said foot looked like an orangutan's.

   • Skin description is NOT green. Some claim beige, tan, brown, or tannish or pinkish gray and one said it.
     looked almost "bluish gray" under deep freeze lights. In two instances, the bodies were charred to a dark
     brown. The texture is described as scaly or reptilian, and as stretchable, elastic or mobile over smooth
     muscle or skeletal tissue. No striated muscle. No perspiration, no body odor.*

   • No teeth.

   'No apparent reproductive organs. Perhaps atrophied by evolutionary degeneration. No genitalia. In my
     non-professional judgement, the absence of sexual organs suggests that some of the aliens, and perhaps all,
     do not reproduce as do the Homo sapiens, or that some of the bodies studied are produced perhaps by a
     system of cloning or other unknown means.

   • To most observers the humanoids appear to be "formed out of a mold," or sharing identical facial
     characteristics.

   • Brain and its capacity, unknown.

   • Colorless liquid prevalent in body, without red cells. No lymphocytes. Not a carrier of oxygen. No food or
     water intake is known. No food found aboard craft in one known retrieval. No digestive system or GI tract.
     No intestinal or alimentary canal or rectal area described.

   S More than one humanoid type. Life span unknown. Descriptive variations of anatomy may be no more
     diverse than those known among Earth's Homo sapiens. Other recovered alien types of human or other
     grotesque configurations are unknown to me. Origin unknown.

    After several months of negotiation with my major medical sources, hoping to get more specific
physiological data, I received the following typewritten statement in the mail, July 2, 1979. It was from the
doctor who had performed the autopsy in the early 1950's.

       SIZE —The specimen observed was 4 foot three and three-eighths inches in length. I cant remember the weight. It has beenso
       long andmy flies do not contain the weight. I recall the length well,becausewehada disagreementandeveryonetooktheirtum
       at measuring.

       HEAD —The head was pear-shaped in appearance and oversized by human standards for the body. The eyes were Mongoloid
       in appearance. The ends of the eyes furthest from the nasal cavity slanted upward at about a ten degree angle. The eyes were
       recessed into the head. There seemed to be no visible eyelids, only what seemed likeafold. The noseconsisted of a small fold-like
       protrusion above the nasal orifices. The mouth seemed to be a wrinkle-like fold. There were no human type lips assuch—justa
       slit that opened into an oral cavity about two inches deep. A membrane along the rear of the cavityseparated it from what would
       be the digestive tract. The tongue seemed to be atrophied into almost a membrane. No teeth were observed. X-rays revealed a
       maxilla and mandible as well as cranial bone structure. The outer "ear lobes" didn't exist. The auditory orifices present were
       similar to our middle and inner ear canals. The head contained no hair follicles. The skin seemed grayish in color and seemed

•In November 1979, additionalword wasreoeivedfromthemedicalauthoritycoacerniagthenatute ofalienskin UndermagnifIcation, Iwas
  told, the tissue structure appears mesh-like, or, like a grid's network of horizontal and perpendicular lines. Clarifying an earlier reference
 which describes the skin of the entity as"reptilian7this new information suggests that the texture of the granular-sldnned lizards,suchasthe
 iguana and chameleon, may be similar to at least one type of alien humanoid.


                                                                          47
