{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T12:31:06Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 108276, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304133451420305, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121875-usaf-photographer-takes-pictures-of-the-interior-of-a-flying-saucer-near-norton-air-force-base-in-1973-leonard-stringfield-notes.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540873810000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/121875-usaf-photographer-takes-pictures-of-the-interior-of-a-flying-saucer-near-norton-air-force-base-in-1973-leonard-stringfield-notes.pdf", "source_sha256": "c04a3b8945a7bbf09ae02275b365f550d45deef57ae050723769004416249481"}

Before too much suspense could be built up in the news; the
    story was snuffed. According to Martin, a diversionary tactic
    to keep everybody out of the crash area, the authorities told
    the police that the object, a meteorite, fell well beyond
    E1 Yunque and that investigations had been called off.
    Not so, said Martin, who talked with Benjamin Gascot, officer
    for the air rescue division operating out of Isla Grande
    Airport. According to Gascot, "Something was wrong about this
    incident because we as a group of officials always worked
    together in the past".   Martin also learned from the officer
    that   on the morning    of the investigation     a mysterious
    helicopter, painted black and without identification showed up
    at the site. "The occupants" he said, "were dressed in military
    fatigues and in plain clothes," adding, "we were advised not to
    talk to the crew."
    Confirmation came from another firsthand source, Michael Pazo,
    who operated a refueling station at the Isla Grande Airport.
    He, too, had seen the helicopter, identified as a Chinook, that
    brought in the .military personnel and further claimed that E1
    Yunque had been under military surveillance for three weeks.
    Pazo also stated that the object that crashed was "very
    radioactive" and that he, being a witness to the activities, was
    told by a federal agent, named Swaggart, to "keep things quiet
    or else..." Still another source, acccording to Martin, claimed
    that a second helicopter landed two days later with more
    personnel and that a Learjet, with NASA markings, flew over the
    E1 Yunque area for two weeks.
    Of Martin's many sources, one working in security (unknown to
    me), provided him with details of the on-site "packaging" of the
    pieces of metal from the wreckage. Said the informant, the
    parts were catalogued, labeled and protectively wrapped before
    being boxed conforming to the exact size of each artifact.
    Then, the wooden boxes were sprayed with a leaded paint,
    followed by another coat of a chemical substance, the color of
    fuchsia.
    Still hoping to get some kind of official response to the crash,
    Martin said he asked Barry Greenwood to check with the FAA.
    Word came back from an official of its Southeast Division: no
    such incident took place. For Martin, it was a flat denial of
    everything he had heard from scores of firsthand sources.    For
    me, it was one more case in keeping with the coverup of all UFO
    crashes and retrievals and to hide the evidence at all costs.
    CASE 14) John Lear, MUFON State Director for Nevada, undaunted
    in his pursuit of people, anywhere, to get UFO facts, has
    extensively lectured and made several radio and TV appearances
    in Las Vegas, to tell his story. Listening was "Mike", (real
    name withheld on request) who surfaced, in September 1988, to
I   tell Lear his firsthand story.      Admittedly troubled by his
    experience, Mike explained that in 1973 he had been an air force
I   photographer stationed in Hawaii, following duty in Vietnam.
    His prime duty there was processing gun camera film.   One day,
    he said, he was notified that his security clearance had been
    upgraded and several weeks later he and another photographer in
    his unit were flown, for a temporary duty assignment, to Norton
    AFB in California.
I


    Lear's letter to me, November 21, 1988, recounting   briefly   his
    interview with Mike is paraphrased as follows:
         On landing at Norton, Mike and companion were taken by air
         force vehicle with windows blacked out on a two hour drive.
         During the drive, Mike was told by the driver, "So you guys
         are going to photograph the UFO, eh?"
         The vehicle came to a halt on a platform which was then
         lowered into a large underground installation. Escorted to
         a briefing room they were told that they were to photograph
         a flying saucer and the autopsy of three dead aliens.
         Ordered to disrobe, they were issued white smocks and
         combat boots for security purposes. Mike was then escorted
         into the installation where he saw a disc-shaped craft
         about 30 feet in diameter contained in a heavy net
         suspended from a large crane.
         Mike was boosted into the opening of the disc (no stairs
         or ramp) and proceeded to crawl inside. He was shocked, he
         said, to find that the inside looked to be about 10 times
         the size of the outside.     He commented, "I could have
         thrown a football as hard as I could and not hit the other
         side."   Disoriented, Mike poked his head back outsideMto
         check the size which appeared to be about 30 feet in
         diameter as before.     Once inside he met two persons
         similarly clothed in white smocks who showed him what they
         wanted photographed.    He shot many photos of control
         panels and various other fixtures and later was asked to
         photograph   the   exterior   from different    angles and
         distances.
         He was later taken to a room in which there were three dead
         aliens.   He described them as approximately 5 feet tall,
         with almost normal, human heads except the eyes were more
         rounded. The skin texture was of baking dough, very white.
         Before the autopsy the aliens had been dressed in blue
         uniforms, like flight suits.
         As the initial incisions were made for the autopsy, Mike
         saw green fluid and black innards. At this time he became
         ill and called for the other photographer to continue
         the assignment.    Later that day they were driven back
         to Norton where they spent the night and were flown out the
         next   day to Hawaii.     About two months later Mike's
         companion disappeared and neither Mike or his family have
         heard from him since.
    The year 1973 brings to mind Case A-2, Status Report II,
    where three   humanoids were examined at Wright-Patterson AFB.
    While the head sizes described in each case differ and the body
    heights also differ by a foot or so, the description of the skin
    is strikingly similar. According to the sergeant, in Case A-2,
    who stood guard in the underground facility, the color was "off
    white or cream."    Both observers, it should be noted, were
    admittedly, traumatized by the sight of alien bodies which could
    account for visual differences of anatomical sizes and heights.
                                 -19-
