{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T22:50:05Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 125627, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121986-gao-articles-on-roswell-with-ref-to-sen-steven-schiff-1-15-1994.pdf", "source_sha256": "8154c503611d53d723c53c171f7f0fcf2a218760083fa496cc872b04c2a07f5f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 582, "chars": 3708, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GAO PROBES UFO
1947 Roswell, N.M., crash an unsolved mystery
By William Claiborne
acy theorists to have been autopsied
and GAO Controller General
The Washington Post
and then secretly flown to an Air
Charles Bowsher. Schiff compiain
ASHINGTON -
force base in Ohio.
then that the Defense Department
'Where television's
Even though the "Roswell Inci
had been "unresponsive" to his in
"Unsolved Mysteries"
has tried and failed
dent" has been dismissed repeated-
quiries about the 1947 incident
ly by the Defense Department as
Kopelson said there was no way
the General Accounting Office is
nothing more than UFO fantasizing
of estimating how much the inves
unafraid to venture.
triggered by the discovery of a
gation would, cost, and that the Ge
At the request of Rep. Steven
downed weather balloon, the GAO
does not release such information
Schiff, R-N.M., Congress' investiga-
has begun searching for documents
anyway.
five branch has launched a study to
to prove allegations that the Air
hopeson said Schift had asked.
etered nip a story the in that the forge sy information.
athe GAO "to'see if there is any evi
covered up a story alleging that the
sought by Schiff.
dence that information regarding
bodies of alien space voyagers were
schittis a member of the House
UFOs had been suppressed" follo
removed from a crashed flying sau-
Government Operations Commit-
*ing the Roswell incident ARO
cer found near Roswel!, N.M., in
tee, which oversees the CAO.
Schiff, in a telephone interview
1947.
• GAU SpoKeswoman aura hopel-
from Albuquerque, said that last.
After the purported crash of the
* son said the office S myestgation,
March, after receiving inquiries
spacecraft, the bodies of the extra-
first reported in the Albuquerque
from "UFO believers' and some
terrestrial visitors were said by a
* Journal yesterday stemmed from a
local undertaker and other conspir-
meeting in October between Schiff
¿Pleaseisee UFO on
turday, January 15, 1994
THE DENVER POST
SAO to probe UFO mystery crash
Fo from Page 2A
ing to prove the
existence of the
Also, a nurse reportedly told a dent, ne
ece ye.
aliens. It also displays a re-cre
local funeral home director that.
Air Force lieutenant colonel, *
oswell residents who were in the
ation of the spacecraft surrounded
she witnessed the autopsies of the
brusquely told him the docume
¡litary in 1947, he wrote-to DeaDy tigures portraying the dead ex-
spacemen, whom she described as had been turned over to the Na
traterrestrials. 50.
having oversized heads and beetle
r more information about the re.
"ted spaceratt crash and the al FO burts contend the incident que ty died in a plane of subse, ott a fin they discha
sea disappearance of the aliens'
ment conspiracy, to suppress evi
the records on Roswel
dence of alien life 4A theorists, said the bodless wer
¿eye
The crash of a mysterious object
Much of the speculation stems
and Profect Blue Book? a 1969;
miles northwest of Roswell, from claims. by William Haut, a
Force study of reported UF
itch the Air Force later claimed
as a weather balloon equipped
‚former Air Force publie-affairs of y
diThalistudy, Schilt said, did
ath a fadar-reflecting device,
as the subject of books and re-
ains UFO buffs' greatest riddley
news release reporting that the All.
*Force had recovered parts of ally s
ert Stack, said was unsolved.
the running around " Schiff sak
A privately owned museum in
"ing saucer and then was toid to
Schiff said that after calling
adding that in his meeting wit
oswell contains a number of doc
change the story to report. a
Aspin last March to reguest a Pen GAO officials, they made an oft
nients
and photographs purport
weather balloon.
tagon briefing on the Roswell inci-"to help."
Patien
