{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T01:14:16Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 19, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 939825, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121922-the-roswell-incident-the-rush-toward-full-accounting.pdf", "source_sha256": "3cc48ab252f625ebbc3fe9e9bf36ffe384db2ff66ebbae8011ec5a4c40354641"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 16, "chars": 161, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
"THE ROSWELL INCIDENT; THE RUSH TOWARD
/ FULL ACCOUNTING’

-

gore J. 7 Meeks :

April 15,1995 (Revised) | "
Copyright 1998 by Robert J. VanDerClock

t

f $5.00

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 2611, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FOREWORD
I have prepared this paper in the public interest and in the firm belief that the truth is often far
stranger than fiction. The fact I'm even attempting to approach this subject demonstrates confidence
that readers will at least allow a slight suspension of disbelief in order to fully review and consider
the implications of the material presented.
As with all matters not involving direct physical evidence, interested parties are urged to
consider other viewpoints on the matter, however that is not to say I'm including any "disclaimer" in
the paper. In view of the many similar accounts along with first and second hand witness statements
for the Roswell incident, many of which are now surfacing some forty eight years after the fact, one
would have to accept a certain level of high intellectual tolerance in order to still maintain that
absolutely nothing terribly out of the ordinary occurred in the Corona Desert area of New Mexico
all those years ago.
Conversely, it is the continuing contention of many people that in early July 1947 a spectacular
event with historic implications for mankind took place in New Mexico some seventy five miles
northwest of the city of Roswell. Regrettably for many of us, there has apparently existed a most
concerted effort on the part of the US Military to make this event completely disappear from history
by means of a disinformation program and outright denial, both for reasons known only to the
perpetrators and yet to be made public.
The antidote to such practices is a discerning citizenry, a passionate search for truth, and the
occasional and reputable source who often takes great risks in revealing the facts as they know them.
Time may be running out on the lives of those citizens who participated, either by order or by
accident, in some aspect of the Roswell scenario; yet many of those same people now speak as it
their lifelong fear of ridicule, possible imprisonment, and treatment as unpatriotic criminals no
longer has relevance. A number of them seem to treat their silence as having lived a lie, one they say
they no longer can accept.
What happened to some of those witnesses and their relatives represents one reason behind my
decision to research the subject and prepare the paper in its behalf. The intense pressure to remain
silent about the incident, with the threat of jail, fines and loss of benefits for the military personnel
involved, is an astonishing chapter in our nation's history, one capable of being rectified if those in
the know were willing to allow full access to the real Roswell story.
Robert J. VanDerClock
:

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 526, "chars": 3474, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE ROSWELL INCIDENT AND ITS AFTERMATH
On an evening in early July, 1947, impoverished sheep rancher W.W. "Mac" Brazel and other
southwestern New Mexico residents heard a loud, explosion like sound in the sky. Occurring during
a very heavy thunderstorm, it was assumed to be a weather related thunderclap although distinctly
louder than the existing weather pattern.
The next morning, however, Brazel came upon the apparent scattered remains of what he
thought may have been a downed rocket or a plane, spread over thousands of feet in the Corona
desert area.' The rancher's sheep refused to move in the general direction of the debris, and he
figured it initially to be a stray craft launched or piloted from nearby Roswell Army Air Base
(RAAB). Soon after, Brazel dutifully contacted Roswell Army Air base via a phone call from the
local Chavez County Sheriff's Office, cartain that the Military would want to know of the wreckage,
and eager for a cleanup of "the mess."
Major Jesse Marcel, The Roswell Base Intelligence Officer was first notified on the matter.
Marcel represented the legendary 509th Bombardment Group that had dropped history's first atomic
bombs on Japan, electively ending World War II.Atter a night's travel over mainly dirt and desert
"roads", Marcel. Counterintelligence Oficer Sheridan Cavitt and the rancher arrived at the scene the
next morning. Marcel almost immediately realized the wreckage wasn't normally attitributed to
anything from his Air Base. Some of the aluminum like fragments possessed a remarkable
malleability and strength; pieces of them could be safely crumpled into one's hand and when
released, spring back into original shape. Additionally, there were small I-beams of great strength,
and at least one larger fragment containing indecipherable symbols which could only be described as
faintly resembling Egyptian hieroglyphics.? The Major understood that any US Military equipment
would have been identified in English. Both men considered other possibilities such as a stray
missile from the nearby White Sands Proving Grounds, home of America's fledgling rocket
program; but if that were so why weren't they out looking for it?
At this point. Marcel wondered if he were witnessing a downed spacecraft that had crashed or
expioded for reasons unknown.
On July 8, 1947 Roswell Base Commander Colonel William "Butch" Blanchard authorized the
issuance of an official press release through Information Officer Walter Haut. The release stated that
RAAB personnel had "captured" pieces of a disk presumed to be of extraterrestrial origin. The
historic event was reported by every major newspaper in the Western United States and international
phone calls were now flooding the Roswell area in view of the momentous announcement. Five
hours after the original press release, Blanchard was given direct orders from The Pentagon that the
initial release had been in error and that the wreckage represented, instead, the remains of a downed
weather balloon.
Major Marcel was then ordered to fly immediately to Carswell Air Base, home of the Eighth Air
Force Headquarters in Fort Worth Texas, and bring along some portion of the wreckage debris. In
Fort Worth a hastily prepared press Conference demonstrated the "evidence" before a group of
assembled press reporters and photographers. General Roger Ramey, speaking to the assemblage.
explained Marcel's misidentification "error" while Marcel, who did not speak at all, was asked to

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 506, "chars": 3553, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
pose for pictures that additionally displayed weather balloon pieces, all distinctly dissimilar to the
debris descriptions from the original press release only days earlier. The skeptical press gathering
was not initially permitted to view the display at close proximity; after complaints and a brief delay,
the press was brought closer to see what were in fact foil remnants of a very common weather
balloon.? Few visitors were sufficiently convinced that the Roswell matter had been satisfactorily
explained
The so called "Roswell Incident" remained the most controversial event of its kind for the next
forty seven years. The now independent Air Force during said period never waivered from its second
"weather balloon" conclusion, steadfastly maintaining the revised explanation despite an advancing
groundswell of skepticism to the contrary:
In May 1987 three UFO investigators produced an alleged "smoking gun" piece of evidence
regarding the incident.' Documents reportedly representing a supersecret "Majestic-12" organization
appeared to be a November 1952 briefing paper for then President elect Eisenhower. The papers in
part revealed the results of internal investigations regarding the crash: the strange writing
discovered at the scene was not descipherable; the crashed vehicle had an undetermined power
source: and bodies discovered a few miles east of the main crash site were biologically unlike human
beings!
This highly controversial information was the subject of heated debate concerning its
authenticity; indeed the editors of Time Life Books indicated most observers felt the Document was
"probably" a hoax. Debate has continued however; others thought the Document 100% accurate
despite one of the three investigators having been since discredited; still others believed it to be a mix
of facts and disinformation. Investigator Stanton Friedman had verified some thirty new facts from
the Majestic-12 papers that had been unknown prior to the material's public release®, nevertheless
the Air Force officially pronounced the Document "bogus".
In January 1994, New Mexico Congressman Steven Schiff, pressured by citizens and witnesses
in his constituency, and having himself experienced a "stonewalling" affort in 1993 from the Air
Force, initiated an official Congressional Investigation regarding the Roswell incident. Specifically,
a search was begun in an attempt to locate any Government records relative to the matter. Congress'
General Accounting Office enlisted the assistance of the Air Force in an attempt to locate
documentation, from the Government or any agency thereof, that could "shed light" on the 1947
avent.
While the investigation continued the "Roswell Declaration", a citizen's grassroots effort aimed
at changing the laws to allow UFO documents further declassification, began in earnest. The
Declaration itself surfaced through several independent organizations and was reprinted in a
Summer 1994 issue of OMNI Magazine.
On September 8,1994, without its investigative partner's foreknowledge, and forty seven years
removed from its last official pronouncement, The Air Force announced that the Roswell crash was
a hitherto classified "Project Mogul" spy balloon designed to measure air pressure waves from any
Soviet atomic activity in the Pacific? The USAF further stated all existing Roswell records had been
reviewed; as well, anyone previously tied to any "loyalty oath" regarding the matter had been
released from it in order to assist with the investigation" Said release had turned up three retired

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 594, "chars": 3844, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
officers all of whom supported the Mogul explanation. This report not only discredited Major Jesse
Marcel, now deceased, as a witness but also criticized those UFO researchers who, in making alien
body claims, were attempting to "make a living" off Roswell! The September 8th announcement,
they continued, was the culmination of eight months of combined USAF-GAO efforts and that
anyone with contrary evidence or information was invited to present it for further study. There was
no indication as to why this new incident "answer" was not forthcoming for forty seven years.
A New York Daily News editorial, printed shortly after the USAF announcement, stated that
the new explanation would "never put to rest" the still swirling rumors surrounding the incident.'
Just prior to the Mogul Report, Republic Pictures had released on the Showtime Cable TV
Network a film entitled "Roswell; The UFO Coverup," starring Kyle Maclachlan as Jesse Marcel
and country singer Dwight Yoakam as the rancher Brazel. The film purported to tell the Roswell
story from eyewitness and witness' family accounts and was based on a former Military Intelligence
Officer's book about the incident". " The movie alleged that the immense secrecy veil surrounding
the incident was due to the extraterrestrial origin of the crash and the discovery, some two and a half
miles east of the crash site, of three alien bodies and a fourth alien barely alive at the time.
In October 1994, on a live TV special on UFOs hosted by Larry King, retired Senator and
former Presidential candidate Barry Goldwater recounted via videotape a disturbing exchange he'd
had with Air Force General Curtis LeNiay around 1965. Goldwater, fueled by Roswell rumors, had
inquired abour the incident and was sterly rebuffed by LeMay for having even brought it up.
Goldwater, himself a Brigadier General in the Air Force Reserve at the time, was rather stunned at
the bluntness of the response.
Shortly after, the respected veteran actress Sheila McRae (a former "Honeymooners" Alice)
publicly discussed a confidential matter involving her late husband, show music legend Gordon
MoRae. Ms. MoRae stated that in July 1947 her husband, then an Air Force Airman First Class
assigned to Wright Air Base (now Wright-Patterson) in Ohio, personally witnessed four small bodies
he described as "little men" being transported into the Base from an unknown origin. Airman
McRae. deducing these victims were from the Roswell crash, was immediately sworn to secrecy by
his superiors and, according to his spouse, carried the secret to his grave in 1986. The actress'
comments were to have been made at the 1994 "Whole Life" Exposition in New York City but she
apparently did not attend. New York Center For UFO Studies Director Michael Luckman informed
me researcher Stanton Friedman had been thus far unable to verify that Gordon McRae did spend
service time at Wright Air Base; Mr. Friedman soon after confirmed to me Mr. Luckman's
comments. While MIs. McRae's statements were discussed on at least one television talk show and
reprinted in a national tabloid newspaper,? at this writing the claims continue to be totally
unsubstantiated.
The March 27,1995 edition of the London England Daily Mail Newspaper carried a story about
Ray Santilli, a British documentary filmmaker. He claimed he'd been sold reels of black and white
film allegedly showing a Roswell crash victim's "Alien Autopsy" undertaken in Fort Worth Texas.
These short reels, Santilli said, were made available to him for $100,000.00 from an eighty two year
old ex-military cameraman, unnamed, whom Santilli had been negotiating with for some early Elvis
Presiey films of the 1950's for future documentary use. Santilli stated he believed the film was
genuine, though he admitted he knew nothing about the Roswell incident prior, and that his

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 126, "chars": 853, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
discovery would would br initially previewed in public in the fall of 1995 at Englands Sheffield
University during a UFO Research Conference.
President William J. Clinton issued an April 1995 Executive Order paving the way for large
scale declassification of Government Documents rated Secret or below and more than twenty five
years old, unless the possessing agency could show cause to. continue classifying any specific
documents in question. There were also nine "protected" categories of information which, under the
law, would be exempt from disclosure. In all other cases, however, the practice of "when in doubt,
declassify" would be used. As a general rile, UFO documents of a serious nature are classified Top
Secret or higher, therefore it is believed the Government's policy change would not significantly
affect high level UFO information.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 537, "chars": 3524, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SOME THOUGHTS AND OPINIONS ON THE ROSWELL INCIDENT
The majority of American citizens may be non-committal as to whether some UFOs could
represent intelligently controlled craft of an unearthly origin; there also exists that segment of the
population wanting to believe in their reality. Let us not discount of course the all out UFO skeptics
such as the well-known Philip J. Klass, who says he can debunk any claimed sighting. He searches
for what he calls "alternative explanations". At the opposite end is the gullible "fringe", all too ready
to accept a tall story based solely on the hope it is factual.
In the middle of this morass is the legitimate UFO researcher and investigator who must contend
with all manner of contemptible frauds and deceivers prepared to exploit interest in the subject for
some combination of profit, glory or temporary fame. The researcher proceeds, fully expecting that
the US Government and/or its agencies may provide disinformation (reference; the CIA's recent
admittance they falsified reported UFO incidents, so they say, in order to mask sensitive spy plane
flights.) Such false material by choice or chance throws legitimate investigations off track, sets up
false leads for inevitable discrediting, and covers up vital information with a "national security"
cloak aven when the need is questionable.
Such stonewalling efforts have in the past trivialized UFO reports and caused honest
investigations to slow to a trickle. Has such a policy gained its desired effect? For years the public
perception is that UFOs are reported less often, and are taken less seriously than in the period
1947-1952, that of the great UFO "waves". In the 1990s everyone knows at least some person
tainted with the old "little green men" mindset. Yet an ever increasing number of citizens no longer
consider UFOs a laughable matter, often receiving welcome support from the scientific community.
Three ex-astronauts, for example, have publicly stated that UFOs are a real and legitimate concern.
with at least two of the three supporting the Roswell incident as a valid extraterrestrial event. The
late NASA scientist Dr. Paul Hill's book "Unconventional Flying Objects: A Scientific Analysis"
provides compelling support of his theory that some UFOs clearly obey, rather than act outside of.
conventional laws of physics. We dare not forget retired NASA scientist Dr. Richard Haines whose
compiled dossier of serious UFOs encounters involving only commercial pilots, jet pilots and one
ex-astronaut now numbers over three thousand.
I clearly am most sympathetic to the researcher investigator, whose narrow windows of
opportunity are hampered immensely in pursuit of the truth.
If the Roswell incident remains the watershed event in the annals of America's celebrated
paranormal mysteries, then there are likely few researchers who at some time haven't looked into
this remarkable story. Roswell enthusiasts each desire to possibly discover a new minute detail not
hitherto addressed since its occurrence a half century ago.
What exactly happened at Roswell? I have been researching the matter for several years now,
and while I respect the contrary viewpoints of others, I nonetheless find the answers literally jumping
out at me, and often in a startling manner. Now that the USAF has admitted lying in their 1947
"downed weather balloon" explanation, and with the ongoing willingness of a number of people
coming forward with formerly hidden information of relevance, and given the fact that Project

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 550, "chars": 3477, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Mogul itself wasn't exactly a surprise, I have great difficulty accepting the notion of a balloon as the
final answer to the Roswell story.
Consider the following points of contention that leave many of the official USAF
pronouncements "suspect" or at minimum subject to far more questions than answers;
1. The Air Force's Fort Worth Press Conference, held specifically to debunk the initial "saucer"
press release oniy days earlier, was so hastily conceived and pooriy prepared that it's stunning to
think a balloon would cause such an uproar. Test balloons of all types were quite prevalent in the
Roswell area during this period; in fact, local citizens often benefited from a "standing order" of a
$50.00 reward if any military balloons they might find would be returned to the local Base.
Therefore, the sight of one in someone's yard (or desert?) would have unnerved noone. Note also
that one such citizen who'd seen those balloons not once but twice previously was the rancher Mac
Brazel.
2. Mr. Brazel, following his report of the Corona desert wreckage, was involuntarily
requestered by ed reart for seingal does or ory, der his reliase accordinged aditen era
leavily pressured to recant his "I
to the public and apparently received a new $3,000.00 truck for his efforts. Again, we must question
the authenticity of any balloon story causing such a disruption.
3. The odd properties of some of the recovered materials at the crash scene - materials that
withstood burning, drilling, hammering, denting, and which could be crumpled up in one's hand with
no effect at all - are one facet of this mystery never satisfactorily answered by the Air Force, or
anyone else accepting the military's explanation.
4. Colonel William Blanchard and Major Jesse Marcel, two Officers in the middle of the
mystery, were later promoted to General and Lieutenant Colonel respectively, despite the negative
backlash of their Roswell "mistake". (In fact, Blanchard was a Four Star General serving at the
Pentagon as Vice Chief of Staff of the USAF at the time of his death in the mid 1960s). It is at least
puzzling that their careers were apparently not affected by the events of early July 1947.
3. Glenn Dennis, a former mortician/embalmer for the Roswall area, now retired, has told of a
strange phone call he received from an unnamed Base Army Captain in early July 1947. The caller
requested information from Dennis about body preservation techniques, and the availability of some
small hermetically sealed coffins. Just over an hour later Dennis drove his Funeral Home's
ambulance into Roswell Air Base with an injured Airman. The mortician was admitted amidst a
most abnormal flurry of activity, but was soon forcibly removed after being warned by a nurse
acquaintance of his that he'd be in big trouble if he were to "find out". That avening, Dennis
continued, he met his friend at the local Officer's Club, and the nurse, in an extremely nervous and
excitable state, drew pictures of the "bodies" she'd seen at the Base in the course of her official
rounds. This unnerving revelation made the mortician think back to the treatment given him at the
Base Hospital only hours earlier. (Mr. Dennis was not actively sought by the USAF for input into
the September 1994 Project Mogul Report.)
6. In a before-death statement in 1986 Norma Gardner, a former security-cleared secretary at
Wright Air Base of Ohio in the late 1940s, told researcher Len Stringfield of her work logging in

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 548, "chars": 3533, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
any incoming materials of a UFO nature, She recalled that the items from Roswell, to include
pathology reports, were in conformity with other witness accounts, ' adding that "Uncle Sam can't
do anything to me once I'm in my grave"' for having revealed this information.
During that same year former Army Staff Sergeant Melvin Brown, also nearing death, revealed
to his children his involvement in the incident. His statements were that, at the time, any "available"
Roswell Air Base men were taken to the crash site and ordered to "form a ring" around whatever
they were protecting. The "cargo" was placed on trucks and the military participants were sworn to
secrecy and told "not to look". Brown however said he was in the back of a truck transporting the
cargo along with another Private; Brown lifted up the protective tarpaulin and witnessed what he
described as three small dead bodies of "Asian" resemblance, yellowy color with large heads and no
hair.' They did not provoke his fear, though Brown was frightened only because he was disobeying
orders in viewing the cargo.
Later, Brown was standing guard at the hangar where the cargo, packed in ice, was taken when
his commanding officer came by and said he wanted to "have a look", inviting Brown to join him.
These efforts produced nothing as the shipment had been placed in storage " for eventual transport
elsewhere.
Author Timothy Good has been provided evidence from Brown's kin that the enlisted man was
stationed in the Roswell area at the time, and that a letter of recommendation written in 1948 for his
promotion to Staff Sergeant indicated his duty with Task Force 7.4.1., calling attention to the
"peculiar and tedious circumstances resulting from this project".! Brown was also awarded
numerous service medals for his exploits in World War II, attesting 1o his character. While the
aforesaid information does not automatically verify Brown's story, his impressive background
should at least allow fair consideration to his claims.
7. Brigadier General Arthur Exon told UFO investigators that in 1947 while he was a
Lieutenant Colonel at Wright Air Base, and later a (commanding) Colonel there, Roswell materials
were received and were tested immediately via a host of methods. The concensus of those who did
the testing was that the pieces were from space!.
8. The circumstances surrounding the release of the 1994 Air Force Project Vogul Report
claiming a Top Secret spy balloon was the Roswell answer seem coincidental, considering the
civilian generated "Roswell Declaration" calling for UFO files declassification had just begun
making news. Stanton Friedman, a former Top Secret nuclear physicist and longtime Roswell
researcher, called the Air Force spy balloon conclusion "a pre-emptive strike," designed to head off
the onrush of public anticipation toward a factual accounting of the incident' Speaking on the Larry
King "UFO Coverup Live" television show in October 1994, Friedman comments further; it should
be no surprise, he says, that the New York Times/Washington Post papers, bastions of journalistic
integrity, were chosen by the USAF as the vehicles to release the Mogul explanation. For the Air
Force, Friedman continued, this fact was to have represented instant credibility, or so they figured.
Yet the Times/Post never thought to question the credibility or authenticity of the Report, admittedly
. built on a lie already forty seven years old. (All this, from the same people who brought you the
Pentagon Papers and Woodward/Bernstein!).

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 582, "chars": 3692, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
So now, Friedman says, the Air Force starts with a downed saucer, then immediately changes it
. to.....well, no, it was a weather balloon, to.... well, no, it was a spy balloon! If we weren't supposed
to have believed them for forty seven years, Stanton adds. why believe them now?
The 1994 Viacom Pictures film "Roswell, The UFO Coverup", released on cable-tv just weeks
before the Mogul Report, was for me an emotional, wrenching "gut check" with regard to Roswell
and UFOs, and even the Washington Post film review said it "offers up a nice, chilly case of the
creeps". The story concerns retired Lieutenant Colonel Jesse Marcel, a first hand Roswell crash
scene witness. Marcel in 1977 is thirty years older and still jaded over his treatment as the "fall guy"
in the Roswell coverup efforts in 1947. Facing health problems, he sees one last opportunity to set
the Roswell record straight, that being his reluctant acceptance of an invitation to attend the thirtieth
anniversary reunion of his old 509th Bomb Group.
The film time-trips liberally, juxtaposing Marcel's flashbacks to the days of the incident with the
startling information he learns three decades later from many of his peers. The movie leads the
viewer to believe the new insights helped convinca Marcel to "go public" on the matter, a decision he
undertook in 1978 by way of a Stanton Friedman interview.®°
The film's bittersweet ending is that "Jesse Marcel died in 1986. His story was ignored by the
news media". The implication at the end, however, is that in his declining years Marcel fully knew
the truth, knowledgeable of many others who apparently knew it along with him even if the others
were able to "let it go" in a manner Marcel could not, right to his dying day.
Some have suggested that the presentation of definitive, irrefutable UFO proof, if made public.
would change our very existence as we know it. We the public, they say, would experience profound
alterations in our lifestyles, religions, global finances, allegiances, and general sensibilities.
Nationalism and loyalty to leaders such as Presidents, Popes, etc. would suffer. These are in fact
some of the generalized conclusions of a 1961 Brookings Institute Study commissioned by NASA.
The Study's intent was to determine public reaction "if" an announcement were made that we are not
alone. (I have been advised the study may still be ongoing).
Such conclusions are balanced by most major polls of the last few years. The results indicate
greater public acceptance of the possibility of extraterrestrial existence and a perceived coverup of
same. One such survey is a continuing poll conducted by the Scripps School of Journalism regarding
attitudes toward Goverment. Over 1,000 people representing a wide variety of ages,
socio-economic levels, races, etc. were recently asked as part of the survey The following; did they
believe it was "somewhat or very likely" the Government knew more than it was revealing about
UFOs, and was covering up such information? Fifty percent of this group responded yes to the
question, with forty three percent indicating "not likely". With other polls showing similar pro-UFO
•leanings, it is clear the citizenry considers the UFO question at least worthy of interest and further
study, rather than a notion to be discredited or ignored.
Should that announcement be forthcoming, I personally don't think I'd register surprise. I might
be shocked, though, because in view of personal research and that of others, I'd be amazed our
military finally came to grips with how to admit this secret to an American public already
conditioned for half a century by a "denial and ridicule" policy concerning UFOs ?.
-

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 494, "chars": 3279, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UPDATE; A DISINFORMATION "TWIST"
In the course of researching information relevant to this paper, I came across on more than one
occasion a "possibility'' I confess I was not prepared for. This item seemed trivial at first but now
appears far more significant than I'd imagined.
A number of researchers and sources maintain that the military's disinformation "effort" on
UFOs even extends to the weekly tabloid newspapers, whose outrageous and often entertaining UFO
stories provide everyone a good laugh or two. It is alleged that at least some of these intentional
deceptions are purposely "leaked" in order to be set up for inevitable discrediting. The darker
purpose of such yarns is to continually dull the public's senses about UFOs, drawing interest further
away from serious encounters as opposed to those incidents drawn from imagination, deception,
speculation or "dreamscape". It is also argued that some truthful information is part of the mix
provided to the disreputable tabloids, with the effect of befuddling the public even more.
The ramifications of such claims, in a democratic society with its free press, may be as
frightening to me as anything I've researched on the subject of Roswell or UFOs in general.
ASSESSING THE 1994 USAF PROJECT VOGUL REPORT; MORE UNANSWERED
QUESTIONS
A curious but dispassionate reader who studies only the Project Mogul Report might very well
conclude there never was anything anomalous to the Roswell mystery.; the "document" is that
convincing. One could decide, after familiarization with the Report, that crash scene witness Jesse
Marcel had committed a huge error in having misidentified the wreckage, leading to decades of
speculation and claims concerning hidden bodies, intimidation of witnesses, a highly
compartmentalized coverup, and more. After all, didn't the Air Force appear to go out of its way to
cooperate with the General Accounting Office during the investigation to uncover appropriate
Goverment records? Didn't the Air Force honestly interview three surviving witnesses (all retired
military) who were direct participants in some part of the events? Weren't these people even
permitted a" loyalty oath release" to assist in the investigation, in compliance with Congressman
Schiffs access needs? Finally, after all this "evidence", didn't the civilian UFO investigators claiming
an unearthly answer for Roswell seem shallow for having been unable to offer any contrary proof?
There is far more to the Mogul Report than meets the eye.
In April 1995, Stanton T. Friedman wrote me and indicated the three officers interviewed for
the Report were released from their security oaths only for the purpose of the insestigation.....how
curious, therefore, that in each instance they echoed the "balloon" story, still secure with their retiree
pensions intact. (The letter is reprinted in the Appendix Section of this paper). Additionally, Project
Mogui was known to some UFO researchers well before the Air Force suddenly "found" documents
to support its Roswell connection in 1994. The GAO, the supposed investigative partner in the
wrestigation, was nor swayed by the Air forces pronouncement of Mout being the "iral oficial
on Roswell and, at this writing, the GAO is continuing the investigation independentiy.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2185, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I should add that someone came to me in the early spring of 1995 to tell me they "Knew a lot
about Roswell". This person's claims were that in 1961 a high level engineer employed by a major
defense contractor told the source of some "spider like" or "lizard like" bodies recovered from a
UFO crash in 1947, according to associates of the engineer who'd seen them personally. I listened to
these claims, wondering what would compel a person to volunteer this information anonymously
without any consideration of notoriety or recompense if the story had no basis in fact. In this case,
the person said they hadn't previously spoken to anyone on the matter for almost thirty five years.
My increasing curiosity about the Roswell incident was further piqued by some senior citizens
who, having read this paper, remembered "that time" and said, to a man, none of them ever believed
the Roswell crash involved a balloon
I do not fault the Air Force for urging those with any evidence contradicting the Mogul
conclusion to present it for further study. However since the Air Force would have long since
confiscated any definitive proof not originally in their hands, exactly what is the civilian populace
expected to provide?
Obviously, the recollections of those witnesses disputing the Mogul hypothesis carry little
weight with the Air Force. One would conclude so because of the "short shrift" the opponents
received by being practically excluded in the "comprehensive" Vogul Report of September 1994. If
even one of the claims of such deceased persons as Jesse Marcel St., Norma Gardner, Gordon
McRae, Melvin Brown and others is proven true, then should we pay less attention to similar claims
among the living?
At this point, I'm concerned far less with the notion of extraterrestrial reality - really, could we
be the only civilization out there? - than I am with what our Government and its affiliated agencies
face in terms of credibility if we learn, incontrovertibly, that we are not alone. Should the truth turn
out to be a startling revelation, one wonders of the consequences of an incredible story being buried
still with reasons unknown, for fifty years.
Robert J. VanDerClock

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 177, "chars": 1109, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ADDENDUM
On May 10,1995 I phoned Stanton Friedman at his Fredericton Canada location due to an
overriding sense of curiousity about the supposed "Alien Autopsy" film; Stan had gone to England
to preview the film reels and was apparently not permitted to do so. He believed from what he had
learned that the film was not genuine, having challenged the film's new owner, Ray Santilli, to
provide further information to substantiate the movie's alleged authenticity. Santilli has thus far not
responded and in fact the British producer has been anything but cooperative on the matter, fueling
fears of a widely publicized fraud.
With Friedman being the original civilian investigator of the Roswell incident, I'd automatically
assume anyone in possession of such a film would welcome an axpert analysis by him or someone
qualified; regrettably that has not been the case thus far. The producer did state he'd paid
$100,000.00 for it, yet no record of purchase or receipt copy has been shown. The true identity of
the supposed eighty two year oid cameraman, listed as "JB" if indeed he exists, remains a mystery.

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 635, "chars": 4089, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
APLENDIX s
Please Copy and Circulale
THE ROSWELL DECLARATION
orty-seven years ago, an
- incident occurred in the
lease was correct and the Ros- ance for all potential witnesses, it
well wreckage was of extraterres- would need to be ciearly stated
southwestern desert of trial origin. One such Individual
and written into law. Such a mea-
the United States that could have
vas Major Jesse Marcel, the in- sure is essentially what presiden
significant Impilcations for all
telligence officer of the 509th
tial candidate Jimmy Cartel
mankind. It Involved the recovery
Bomb Group and
one of the first promised and then failed to de-
by the U.S. military of materlal al- military officers at the scene.
ilver to the American people 18
leged to be of extraterrestrial ori-
On January 12, 1994, United
years ago In 1976.
gin. The event was announced by
States Gongressman
If. as is officially claimed, no
the U.S. military on July 8, 1941.
Schiff of Albuquerque, New Mex-
information on Roswell, UFOs, or
through a press release thal was
ico, announced to the press that
extraterrestrial Intelligence Is
carried by newspapers through-
he had been stonewalled by the
being withheld, an Executive
out the country. It was subse-
Defense Department when re-
Order declassifying it would be a
quently denied by what is now
questing information regarding
mere formality, as there would be
believed to be a cover story
the 1947 Roswell event on behalf
nothing to disclose. The order
claiming the material was nothing
of constituents and witnesses. In-
would, however, have the positive
more than a weather balloon. It
dicating that he:was seeking fur-
effect of setting the record
has remaihed veiled In govern-
ther Investigation into the matter,
straight once and for all. Years of
ment secrecy ever since.
Congressman: Schiff called the
controversy and suspicion would
The press release announcing
Defense Department's lack of re-
be ended, both in the eyes of the
the unusual event was Issued by
sponse "astounding" and con-
United Slates' own cilizens and
the commander of the 509th
cluded It was apparently "another in the eyes of the world.
Bomb Group at Roswell Army Air
government cover-up."
If. on the other hand, the
Fieid, Colonel Wiiliam Blanchard,
History has shown that unsub-
Rosweil witnesses are lelling the
who later went on to become a
stantiated official assurances or
truth and information on extrater-
four-star general and vice chief of
denials by goveinment are often
restrial intelligence does exist, it
slaif of the United States Air
meaningless, There is a logical
is not something to which a privi-
Force. That the weather balloon
and stralghtforward way to en-
leged few in the United States
story: was a cover-up has been
sure that the truth about Roswell
government should have exclu-
confirmed by individuals directly
will amerge: an Executive Order
sive rights. It is knowledge of
involved, including the late Gen-
declassilying any information re-
profound importance lo which all
eral Thomas DuBose who look
garding the existence of UFOs or
people throughout the world
the telephone call from Washing-
extraterrestral Intelligence. Be- should have an inallenable right.
ton, DC, ordering the cover-up.
cause this is a. unique Issue of
Its release would unquestionably
Numerous other credible military
universal concern, such an action
be universally acknowladged as
and civillan witnesses have test-
would be approprlate and war- an historic act of honesty and
fled that the original press re-
ranted. To provide positive assur- goodwill.
I support the request, as outlined above, for an executive order declassifying any U.S. government information
regarding the existence of UFOs or extraterrestrial Intelligence. Whether such Informatlon exials or whether I
does not. I feel that the people of the world have a right to know the truth about this issue and that It is time to put
an end to the controversy surrounding it.
Signature
Date
Occupalian/Tile
Degreas/Cradantials (If applicable)
Name (Please Print)
Street
Cily
U.S. Representalive (Il known)
State
Zip
11

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 323, "chars": 2101, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
APPENDIX B
STANTON T. FRIEDMAN
NUCLEAR PHYSICIST - LECTURER
19 PEMBROKE CRESCENT
FREDERICTON, NEW BRUNSWICK E38 2V1
CANADA
Mr. Robert J. Van Der C1o:(506) 457-0232
Dear Bob:
Fax 506-450-3832
April IG, 1995
I am way behind on my correspondence partly because of having to
spend
5 days
unexpeotedly in England because of much publicity
about.
some
upposed Roswell 16mm film so my apologies 1or
not
responding sooner to yours of April 6. Thanks for the kind words.
I will
enclose my response to the USAF-NYT attack on Roswell. It
is NOT true
that the USAF has released
everyone from their
rity oaths.
Even the three retired
guys they talked top were only
released
to talk to the
investigators. I have been asking
ior
blanket release
for years. The inconsistencies,
a
talso statements,
eto ara
very much consistent with Colonel Weaver's
disinformation.
background
will also enclose some
in
other
i tems.
Your
friend
obviougly knowg
nothing about the
case..
but
then
the
three
bagio
rules for debunkers
are: 1. What the public
doesn't
know:
I won't tell them. 2. Don't
bother me with the
lacts,
my
mind
is made up. and 3. Il one can't attack the data, attack
peopla.. it is
the
easier.
The Post Office looms large in ufology these days.. Pat Marcatil-
lio, who holds an annual
conference
in Bordentown, NJ. works
for
the
PO.
Barry Greenwood, document "researcher"
in
the
Boston
area.
works
for lhe PO.
service
Lucius Farish, who has been
doing
the
Clipping
for years and holds an
annual
conference
Arkansas. works for the
PO: and. as it happens,
in
Don Schmitt, Rog-
well
"Professional
investigator"
, who was claiming
• to be a
medi-
cal
illustrator and
working on his doctorate, has
two years
of
college
and is a lull time letter
everybody's
carrier for the PO..
much
to
surprise apparently including his oo-author,
Kevin
Randle:
who has
written
78 books of fiction that he
never
men~
tions publioly...
Unforlunately, the debunkerg aren't the only ones who ignore
truth... with
friends like
these:
needs
enemies?
the
and post goralaly,
лан.
Гленнал
=
Science Consultant • Lucturer • Aulhor « Broadcastor

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 276, "chars": 2061, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BIBLIOGRAPHY AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
1. "CRASH AT CORONA, THE U.S. MILITARY RETRIEVAL AND COVERUP OF A UFO"
by Stanton T. Friedman and Donald Berliner, c. 1992, Paragon House, New York, New York
10011.
2. "MYSTERIES OF THE UNKNOWN; THE UFO PHENOMENON" Chapter 2, "Into The
Saucer Era", revised edition c. 1988, Time-Life Books, Morristown NJ 07960.
3. "MYSTERIES OF THE UNKNOWN; ALIEN ENCOUNTERS", c. 1992, Time-Life Books.
Morristown NJ 07960.
4. "ROSWELL, THE UFO COVERUP", a film by Jeremy Kagan, starring Kyle Maclachan,
Martin Sheen and Dwight Yoakam, c. 1994 by Viacom pictures, Republic Entertainment and
Citadel Entertainment. Running Time: 91 Minutes.
5. "THE ROSWELL INCIDENT" by Charles Berlitz and William L. Moore, c. 1980, Grosset and
Duniap.
6. "THE ROSWELL INCIDENT, THE USAF AND THE NEW YORK TIMES" by Stanton T.
Friedman, Fredericton NB Canada, September 26,1994.
7. "THE ROSWELL REPORT, A HISTORICAL PERSPECTIVE" edited by George Eberheart,
c. 1991, J. Allen Hynek Center For UFO Studies, Chicago, IL. 60659.
8. "UFO COVERUP LIVE" (Televised) with Larry King, original broadcast on Saturday October
2.1994, TNT Cable Network, c. 1994, Turner Network Television.
9. "UFO CRASH AT ROSWELL" by Kevin D. Randle and Donald Schmidt, c. 1991, Avon
Books. New York, New York.
10. "UFO ENCOUNTERS AND BEYOND" by Jerome Clark, c. 1993, Publications International
11. "UFOS AND IFOS", Chapter 10, "The Air Force and UFOs" by Gardner Soule, 01967,
Longman's Canada Lid. Toronto Canada.
Special thanks go to my patient wife Helene who, with only a passing interest in the subject, knows I
won't admit just how incredibly addictive this UFO business has become; my brother in law Rhea
Cobb who shares a passion on these matters and urged me to "print it" William VanSteveninck, a
fellow 1964 graduate of Midland Park NJ High School who provided me, via Skeptical Inquirer
magazine, with the eight page synopsis of the September 8,1994 Air Force Mogul Report; and my
sister Joy whose dogged persistence obtained for me significant information for this work.
=

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 333, "chars": 2340, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOTES AND REFERENCES
1. The more detailed description given later by Major Jesse Marcel, committed to film and the
Friedman-Berliner book collaboration "Crash at Corona", was of a wreckage area 3/4 of a mile
long and some 200 yards wide, greatly contrasting the initial Air Force "cover" of a small balloon'
crash site.
2. Several different accounts exist concerning these "symbols". One explanation is that they
resembled "firecrackers" from a leftover Japanese balloon bomb launched prior to V-J Day or even
possibly after it; another explanation is of flower-like symbols on tape from a Manhattan toy
company as a wraparound for the kites. sticks, balsa wood, etc. of a classified balloon project.
Marcel, having never seen anything like them, called them Hieroglyphic-like for lack of a better
term.
3. One dubious theory discounting the "alien wreckage" hypothesis is that the "delay" was
necessary in order to remove an "VIL-307 Radar reflector" from the room; witnesses, as the story
goes, might be unfamiliar with this equipment but would still notice the inclusion of something
"'additional", and determine the debris was more than an ordinary weather balloon.
4. The information, mysteriously arriving by mail in December 1984 at the home of TV producer
and UFO researcher Jaime Shandera, and received in the form of an undeveloped 35mm roll of film,
was subsequently analyzed and investigated by Shandera, William L. Moore and Stanton Friedman
for about two and a half years before the public disclosure of its contents.
5. Timothy Good, Alien Liaison, The Ultimate Secret, pgs. 112-114.
6. Stanton T. Friedman, "Operation Majestic-12? Yes!", Appendix B-1.
7. "The Air Force Report on Roswell", no. 255-M, September 8, 1994, reprinted in "Skeptical
Inquirer" Magazine, Jan./Feb.! 1995 issue.
8. Ref., letter from Stanton Friedman to the author, reprinted in the Appendix section.
9. "The Air Force Report", op. cit. p.48.
10. The Editorial in question was, to my knowledge, one of the first to openly dispute the relevancy
of'a forty-seven year old "explanation" that could have been revealed many years ago.
11. "UFO Crash At Roswell". by Kevin D. Randle and Donald Schmidt, c. 1991, Avon Books, VY
NY 10019
12. "Star Magazine". December 6, 1994, p. 18
13. Time-Life Books, "Mvsteries Of The Unknown. Alien Encounters", p.83.
•

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 208, "chars": 1449, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14. Ibid.
15. Timothy Good, op. cit., p. 87.
16. Ibid..
17. Ibid. pgs. 87-88
18. Time-Life Books, op. cit., p. 84.
19. Numerous researchers have attempted contact with Mis. McRae since her late 1994 comments
concerning the matter. Stanton Friedman did interview her but he has been unable to corroborate
any of the story. I myself attempted correspondence to a Califoria address of hers on several
occasions, onlv to hava each letter returned to me "unclaimed".
20. Researcher Friedman deserves great credit for uncovering much of what civilization, outside the
US Military, has learned about the Roswell incident. While preparing for a television interview on
UFOs in 1978, Mr. Friedman was made aware of Houra, Louisiana resident Jesse Marcel
("who?"). The researcher was then told Marcel "handled one of those things" in 1947. "You can be
sure that got my attention" was Stan's response to how the two-decade investigation of the Roswell
incident began.
21. Timothy Good, "Above Top Secret. The Worldwide UFO Coverup", section titled "Critical
Acclaim For 'Above Top Secrer'" written by "Communion" author Whitley Strieber. In this section
Strieber refers to "the stunning words of a former CIA Director who admitted (the existence of) the
UFO coverup around a program of denial and ridicule." The individual is later identified as Admiral
Stansfield Turner, Director Of Central Intelligence (DCI) under President Jimmy Carter in the late
1970s.

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 377, "chars": 2492, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
ROBERT I. VANDERCLOCK graduated Midland Park NJ High School in 1964 and eamed a
B.A Degree in June 1968 from Washington College of Chestertown, Maryland, the only American
College founded by George Washington himself although others retain his name. VanDerClock is
listed in the 1967-68 Edition of "Who's Who In American Colleges And Universities" publication.
As a graduating college Senior he was actively recruited for career work with the Central
Intelligence Agency. He was ultimately rejected due to having simultaneously applied as a volunteer
for The Peace Corps, an agency the CIA recruiter claimed was "financed" by the intelligence
organization. (Note; The Peace Corps since 1981 has been considered an "independent" agency).
VanDerClock signed a professional baseball contract with the San Diego Padres organization
on August 22,1968 but soon after enlisted in the US Army. Following Basic Training, he was
schooled as an Intelligence Agent, 'also receiving a year of Vietnamese language training prior to
assignment with the 574th Military Intelligence Detachment, Can Tho, South Vietnam, during most
all of 1971. He worked under civilian "cover" in behalf of the (Mekong) Delta Administrative
Support Detachment, the cover name for Army Intelligence Operations in the Delta area.
His current mid-level Management position in the US Government is not connected in any way
with the Space or Defense industry, the LIS Military or any civilian intelligence agency.
He has never seen a UFO. His sister Joy maintains she viewed a UFO "up close" during the
summer of 1967 over the Prospect Street area of Midland Park NJ. (Robert, in New York State at
the time, remembers the unnerving phone call made to him by his sister on the evening in question.)
News accounts indicated the anomalous object traveled toward Haledon NJ's High Mountain where
it proceeded to set part of the mountain's flat peak on fire. Joy, now living in Haledon, has since
talked to two area firefighters who say they were part of the several units called to extinguish the
blaze.
Robert's interest in UFOs began in junior high school. His curiosity took à quantum leap in
1988 after seeing a television special on the subject, "UFO Cover Up Live," hosted by Mike Farrell,
famous as Doctor B. J. Hunnicut on television's "MASH".
Since early 1995, Robert has been in occasional contact with noted UFO researcher. Stanton T.
Friedman whose views, VanDerClock says, weigh significantly on his own.
