{"created_utc": "2026-08-10T13:22:40Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5268190, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121937-the-roswell-incident-the-usaf-and-the-new-york-times-9-26-1994.pdf", "source_sha256": "bb3fcc38f8f92095bbf6e7fe75d074a3e579a71d4d7b1df0174448ffd40cbb26"}

The Roswell Incident, The USAF

   and the New York Times


                       T
      Sept. 26, 1994

     Stanton T. Friedman
The Roswell Incident, the USAF, and New York Times    S.T.Friedman
BACKGROUND                                           Sept.26, 1994
As the nuclear physicist who, in 1978, began the research into
the US Government's retrieval of crashed flying saucers in New
Mexico in July, 1947, I have been eagerly waiting the results of
a comprehensive General Accounting Office (GAO) search for docu-
ments related to those events. Congressman Steve Schiff of New
Mexico had instigated the GAO efforts in early 1994 after being
stonewalled by the Department of Defense in his efforts to pro-
vide answers to constituents demanding them. Re had received the
same kind of totally misleading and deliberately false official
responses about Roswell from the USAF Office of Congressional
Liaison as had many other members of Congress as noted in my 5
page letter to USAF Colonel Shubert.

I had been impressed by my contacts with both Sohiff's office and
the GAO. Because of my own many weeks spent at      15 government
document archives and because I handled thousands of    classified
documents during my 14 years working on       a variety    nuclear
Research and Development programs in industry, I know how easy it
is to keep secrets. For example, at none of the archives was I
ever able to view formerly TOP SECRET PLUS documents though they
certainly exist somewhere. I would expect that anything relating
to recovery of two crashed flying saucers and several at ten
bodies"" would be Special Compartmented Information or.well above
TOP SECRET.

I was, therefore, quite surprised when the US Air Force atteaptad
to stage a preemptive strike against the GAO on Sept. 8 by re-
leasing a 23 page "Report of Air Force Research Regarding the
"Roswell Incident". Schiff's objective had been for the neutral
GAO to review all possible government (Army, Navy, USAF, LW.
etc) files that might contain information relating to Roswsll .
There had been many charges that the Air Force had been covering
up what happened at Roswell. Trying to pass off an essentially
internal report as definitive would be like having the fox guard
the chicken coop. It was good to. hear that the GAO is continuia,
its efforts to get to the truth.

It was certainly NOT surprising that the Roswell Report cent and
a long, easily documented, history of USAF misrepresentatta
about UFOs especially when I found out that the author of RI na
USAF Colonel Richard Weaver. Re had made outrageous claims aMvt
the Roswell-related Operation Majestic 12 documents being fraWr-
lent, but then he was unable to provide any documentation to
support those claims in response to my Freedom of Informatlaa
Request. Although the report was released by the USAF Media
Relations Division at 1690 Air Force Pentagon, Weaver works for


                                2
the Air Force Office oI Special Investigations. He now is with
the Region 2 OSI District Office, at Langley AFB near Hampton ,
Virginia.

BENEFITS

Fortunately there are a number of benefits arising     from   this
attempted preemptive strike:

1. The AF investigators have done some good work showing that
what crashed and was retrieved Southeast of Corona and Northwest
of Roswell (and in the Plains of San Augustin almost 200 miles to
the west) in early July, 1947, was NOT an aircraft, nor a stray
missile, nor related to a nuclear weapon incident.

2. The USAF has for the first time, since they admittedly lied
and called the wreckage the radar reflector from a weather bal-
loon at about 5PM on July 8, 1947, given a definitive Statement
as to their explanation (Project Mogul Balloons) for what hap-
pened.They even admitted the earlier lie, supposedly done to
protect the highly classified Project Mogul, even though they
reiterate that the balloon technology, as opposed to the appli-
cation relating to the detection of Soviet nuclear tests, was NOT
classified.

3. It is now easy to demonstrate, based on careful review of the
23 page RR and of hundreds of pages of attaohments that the new
explanation is once again a LIE. It is not surprising that the
attachments have been almost impossible to obtain given the clear
evidence of misrepresentation they provide. I do wish to acknowl-
edge the special efforts of researcher Phil Reynolds to gain
access to and hand copy the attachments at the Pentagon.

MOGUL

Serious crashed saucer researchers have been aware of Project
Mogul for more than a decade. The Project Engineer of the
Project, C.B. Moore, was interviewed by William Moore (no rela-
tion) when Bill and I were busily researching Roswell in the
early 1980s. Aviation/Science Writer Don Berliner, with whom I co
authored "Crash at Corona", and I met with C.B. Moore and sepa-
rately with one of his Mogul colleagues years ago. We had no
reason to doubt Moore's sincerity in trying to fit the Roswell
wreckage with the remains of a stray Mogul balloon train.Ths
assemblies of conventional balloons could be as long at 500 fsst.
The key factor seemed to be that Dr. Moore and many others as-
sumed that the description given by sheep rancher Mac Brazel in
an article "Harassed Rancher who Located 'Saucer Sorry He told
About It" on the front page of the July 8, 1947, Roswell Dally
Record, truly reflected what he retrieved.

Much of that article is quoted in Weaver's report (p.4) and
serves as the basis for everything that follows. As one might
expect, the long quote doesn't include the very next line of the
article "I am sure that what I found was not any weather observa-


                               3
tion balloon" . Far more important is the simple fact, which has
been documented in all 4 of the Roswell books (all listed in
Weaver's opus, though selectively ignored) that Brazel had been
grabbed by the Army Air Force and been brought back     from his
ranch into town and then told an entirely new story to the local
press.

All over the world people were waiting with baited breath for the
rest of the story, epitomized by the RDR news headline of July 8
"RAAF Captures Flying Saucer on Ranch in Roswell Region". Similar
sometimes larger headlines appeared in other evening papers from
Chicago west in response to the press release at about noon
Roswell time on July 8 from Lt. Walter Haut . For example, The
Los Angeles Herald Express, another PM paper, on July 8 had a
huge headline, "Army Finds Flying Saucer"

Haut was then the Public Information Officer among other titles
at The Roswell Army Air Field home of the 509th Composite Bomb
Group. The 509th was a unique military group having dropped the
atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August, 1945, and set
off two more at Operation Crossroads in the summer of 1948. All
the officers had been handpicked, including then Major Jesse
Marcel, 509th Intelligence Officer. Marcel had followed   Brazel
from the Roswell Sheriff's office back to his not-easy-to-get-to
ranch with Counter Intelligence Officer Sheridan W. Cavitt in
separate vehicles the afternoon of July 6.

The newspaper article's description clearly indeed describes a
conventional balloon and radar reflector and notes a date of June
14 for the non-exciting retrieval. The simple fact of the matter
is that Brazel would never have made a special trip to town with
balloon wreckage. Sheriff Wilcox would never have called the base
in response to balloon wreckage. Major Marcel would never have
wasted more than a day. of his time and CIC man Cavi,tt',s time to
go out to the ranch for a balloon or ballons of• any kind and
would certainly not have been ordered by Colonel Blanchard,    the
Base Commander and head of the 509th, to fly the balloon remains
to Wright Field, in Ohio, with an intermediate stop at 8th Air
Force Headquarters in Ft. Worth, Texas. All of the old testimony,
much of it obtained prior to the 1980 publication of "The Roswell
Incident" for which Bill Moore and I did 95% of the research,
clearly made several important points;

1. The retrieved material, unlike components of Mogul Balloons,
had very special properties including very light weight and very
great strength. Some of the foil like material could be folded
and creased, but then would return to its original shape. The I-
beam like pieces (less than .5" across, had the weight of balsa
wood, but couldn't be broken or cut or burned. There were em-
bossed strange unrecognizable pastel symbols on the inside of the
beams. Dr. Jesse Marcel, who handled pieces of the wreckage on
the evening of July 7 as an 11 year old boy has drawn those
symbols. The thin metal pieces, which were also very light and_ ..
very strong, couldn't be broken through or dented with a sledge
hammer. There was no mention of embossed tape which is so impor-


                                4
S
    tant to the Mogul explanation and which apparently was well   over
    an inch wide.

    Rancher Mac Brazel's son, Bill, had himself recovered a number of
    pieces at the debris field after rain storms long after the event
    and also noted the special characteristics. Naturally his testi-
    mony is not noted, though he is still alive, and Weaver claims
    that Cavitt is the only survivor who handled wreckage on _site. By
    implication the now deceased Marcel and Rickett were exaggerating
    incompetents.I having been in both their homes could not disagree
    more.

    2. There was a huge area covered by the wreckage . Major Marcel
    spoke (for example, in my 1979 documentary movie "UFOs Are Real"
    and in the TV Program "In Search of" and in an extended WWL-TV
    Interview, New Orleans, and in a December, 1979, interview with
    Bob Pratt of the National Enquirer, published in February 1980)
    in terms of an area 3/4 of a mile long and hundreds of feet wide.
    Brazel was primarily concerned, when he originally found the
    wreckage on about July 3, (not June 14) that his sheep refused to
    cross the large debris field. He would also have been concerned
    about ingestion of the material, if it had been balloon like.
    Jesse noted that both his vehicle and that of Sheridan Cavitt had
    been filled with debris, but that most of the wreckage was left
    behind.

    3.. Major Marcel was familiar with all kinds of weatlier balloons
    from his very extensive wartime military servioe in the Pacific.
    Rancher Brazel had previously recovered two weather Balloons on
    the property he managed. Dr. Marcel is familiar with weather
    balloons,   and was certainly familiar with aircraft wreckage
    having later been shot down himself in Southeast Asia, having
    served on Military Aircraft Accident investigation teams and
    being a pilot and flight surgeon. Colonel William Blanchard had
    extensive military and piloting experience during"World War 2.
    Obviously, considering their jobs with the 509th, Blanchard and
    Marcel were considered very competent. Blanchard was a 4 star
    General when he died of a heart attack at the Pentagon years
    later. Obviously neither Marcel, (who was promoted to Lt. Colonel
    after the incident) nor Blanchard were punished for stupidity
    Marcel also had on his staff persons knowledgeable about weather
    balloons.

    There are also key points made by Weaver:

    1."the materials recovered by the AAF in July 1947, were not
    readily recognizable as anything special (only the purpose was
    special) and the recovered debris itself was unclassified"p.19

    2.In a long paragraph (p.18) dealing with Mogul balloons, it was
    noted that "it is very probable that this TOP SECRET project
    Balloon train (Flight 4) made up of unclassified components came
    to rest some miles northwest of Roswell, NM, became shredded in
    the surface winds and was ultimately found by the Rancher ,
    Brazel, ten days later." Earlier Weaver stated that Flight 4
would have to have been made with standard neoprene balloons
because the new polyethylene balloons weren't available until
after July 2 . Re also quotes C.B. Moore as stating that ruptured
and shredded neoprene "would almost look like dark gray or black
flakes or ashes after exposure to the sun for only a few days".
"Flight 4, a service flight, was launched on June 4 but not
recovered by the NYU group and was found by Braze! ten days
later". This, of course, matches nicely the newspaper story of
July 9.

It is easy to see that this all comes down to massive misrepre-
sentation once one adds in Cavitt's description of what he found
when he supposedly went to the "crash site" in early July with
Marcel and Sgt.Rickett one of Cavitt's Counter Intelligence Corps
agents. "The area of this debris was very small about 20 feet
square and the material was spread on the ground, but there was
no gouge or crater or other obvious sign of impact. I remember
recognizing this material as being consistent with a weather
balloon. We gathered up some of this material, which would easily
fit into one vehicle." From Tab. 17. Note: One balloon, standard
issue, no mention of reflector, no ashes,no tape, no symbols no
flakes, 400 square feet ground space, and we are-to believe that
Brazel would have gone to the sherrif with this???

The newspaper article quotes Brazel's (preprograamed) statement
as saying the wreckage was "scattered over an area 200 yards- in
diameter". This is only 700 times greater than the area mentioned
by Cavitt. Brazel supposedly left it in place until gathering it
on July 4 a full month later. Re then, supposedly after hearing
about flying discs on July 5, presumably during a trip noted
elsewhere to Corona, then took it to the sheriff on July 7.. This
sequence is completely contradicted by the family of Sheriff
Wilcox, by Brazel's son Bill, by Jesse Marcel Sr. who stated back
in 1978 that he had gone only with Cavitt. Rickett later went
with Cavitt, not Marcel, to the site , as Marcel had gone off to
Texas and wasn't part of the CIC in any event.

In my first conversation with Jesse in early 1978, he noted that
they spent overnight on the Brazel ranch and had a can of
beans.This clearly was July 8, since we know that .the press
release and Jesse's trip to Fort Worth took place on July 8.
Brazel clearly came or was brought back to town after Marcel
left for Texas or his interview would have been in the PM paper
on July 8 not on July 9. It must be noted that Brazel had no
phone and no electricity.

Obviously the neoprene material having been out in the sun for a
month would have been broken down into ashes or flakes, and of no
interest at all to anyone. The tin foil and balsa wood were
hardly indestructible. Considering the circumstances it is impos-
sible to accept Cavitt's testimony. In the first place, if he had
recognized it as a simple weather balloon, he would never have
hesitated to say so to the many researchers who beat a path to
his door after I found him and informed Bill Moore of his where-
abouts. Re would certainly have made sure that no special flight


                               6
took place, would not have returned to the site, would not have
denied ever being there as he did . The sheriff would not have
been impressed with the remains of a very conventional neoprene
balloon. He wouldn't have called the base. If he had, Major
Marcel would not have been impressed either.

Furthermore, in attachment 32 we have the following statement by
Lt. James McAndrew in response to his own question as to how
experienced military people could have not recognized the wreck-
age for what it was. "The balloon that was found on the Foster
Ranch consisted of as many as 23 350 gram balloons spaced at 20
foot intervals, several radar targets (3 to 5), plastic ballast
tubes, parchment parachutes, a black "cutoff" box containing
portions of a weather instrument and a sonobuoy".

There is no way all this junk (having been shredded and out in
the sun for a month) could have been thought worth a long trip to
Roswell. It could not have fit in an area 20 feet square or in
one vehicle.

Note that Cavitt says nothing about the radar    targets   or   the
string that held things together.

ATTACKS ON RESEARCHERS

Weaver takes every opportunity, sometimes justifiably, to com-
plain about the quality of some of the UFO research.Over the
years I have exposed a number of frauds including Guy Kirkwood,
William Spaulding, Bob Lazar, "Dr." Frank Stranges, Robert Oech-
sler. I have noted many false claims about Roswell as well. For
example, he notes that in one book (Probably "UFO Crash at Ros-
well)", a list of 11 names of military persons stationed at Ros-
well is given and the claim made that there are no military
records for these people. In fact, Weaver's people found record•
for 8 of the 11 and there were too many persons with the same
name to identify the other three.

He, as with most propagandists, says good things about, people
whose work he approves of, for example, referring to Robert Todd
as a serious researcher. I am mentioned in the report twice, but
there is no indication that I am a nuclear physicist with BS and
MS 'degrees in physics from the University of Chicago, who had a
"Q"clearance, visited many archives, worked on classified pro-
grams, published scientific papers. Todd has no degrees, had no
clearance, has visited no archive's, lives at home, has published
no scientific papers . He certainly has filed a zillion Freedoa
of Information requests and seems to have provided Weaver with
most of the input on Mogul. He has a long history of letting ht•
personal animosities interfere with objective thinking.
Quite frankly, I had to laugh at this comment by Weaver giving
the genesis of the investigation of Roswell as a major UFO event
   "In 1978, an article appeared in a tabloid newspaper, the
National Inquirer (sic), which reported the former intelligence
officer, Marcel, claimed that he had recovered UFO debris near
                                                                      I.


Roswell in 1947. Also in 1978, a UFO researcher, Stanton Fried-
man, met with Marcel and began investigating the claims that the
material Marcel handled was from a crashed UFO." The truth    of
the matter is that I didn't actually meet with Marcel in person
until early 1979, but had phone conversations with him beginning
in early 1978 after having been referred privately to him by an
old ham radio buddy of his at a TV station in Baton Rouge, Loui-
siana.

The date of Enquirer reporter Bob Pratt's interview with Marcel
was actually December 8, 1979, as noted in Karl Pflock's report
which, in turn, is referenced by Weaver. The article appeared in
February, 1980, and obviously had nothing whatsoever to do with
the extensive prior research by Moore and I. This sequence of my
involvement was reported in "Crash at Corona" and in my 1991
paper "Update on Crashed Saucers in New Mexico" also not men-
tioned by Weaver, though he does refer to Bill Moore's 1985 paper
"Crashed Saucers: Evidence in Search of Proof." Certainly Weaver
implies that Marcel contacted the Enquirer and that my research
was stimulated by the Enquirer'article.. both are nonsense. As it
happens, Pratt whose work I was very familar with and greatly
admired (unlike that of William Broad's NY Times UFO" investiga-
tion") got Marcel's location from me after almost all of our
research had been done.

There are several more places in Weaver's piece that refer back
to the July 9 RDR article. It is, of course, not surprising that
essentially no mention is made of so much other relevant first
hand testimony available, for example, in the 104 minute video
"Recollections of Roswell" with testimony from 28 witnesses.

Naturally,. Weaver never mentiohs the Operation Majestic 12 Docu-
ments which I believe are genuine despite the attacks by Robert
Todd, Kevin Randle, Philip Klass, etc,and his own totally unjus-
tified attacks on them. He never deals with the very important
recovery of an almost intact saucer add alien bodies in the
Plains of San Agustin in New Mexico, at the same time and West
of Magdalena. Matter of fact, while taking potshots at the notion
of alien bodies, he avoids discussion by claiming that since what
was recovered was a Mogul balloon, it couldn't have .carried
bodies) Nothing like research by proclamation.

Weaver claims "What was later characterized as 'the UFO Wave of
1947' began with 16 alleged sightings between May 17 and July 12
,1947, (although some researchers claim there were as many as 800
sightings during that period)." "Crash at Corona" references the
"Report on the UFO Wave of 1947". Author Ted Bloecher has maps
and tables and lists 853 reports, a number of which were checked
out by University of Arizona physicist, Dr. James E. McDonald.
Bloecher continued his collection after the report was published
and found over 700 more. Too had Weaver couldn't be bothered.

Weaver stresses._that_there i!_d y .41reement within the UFO commu-
nity about the location of crash sites and exact dates of the
crashes. From a rational viewpoint, the correct question is "was


                                8
there a crash and recovery of at least one alien spacecraft in
New Mexico in July, 1947? The answer agreed to by all of us who
have written books about the matter is unquestionably "yes", no
matter how much we disagree about some of the details.

Weaver alludes to profit making by people concerned with Ros-
well. I wish I knew where all this profit was as a result of my
16 years of effort and enormous telephone and travel and time
expenses. He never mentions that three of the people interviewed
Lt. Colonel Sheridan Cavitt, USAF ret, The Mogul Project Officer
Colonel Albert Trakowski, USAF Retired, and weatherman Irving
Newton, Major, USAF Ret., are all collecting nice pensions, get
medical care, etc and have a very strong vested interest in NOT
upsetting the apple cart at this point in their lives. They don't
need to be threatened.

INDEMNIFICATION

Weaver claims that the Secretary of the Air Force, Dr. Sheila
Widnall, has given them the opportunity to tell without fear of
retribution anything they might know about these events including
anything that might have been classified, to the investigators.
The indemnification documents are not listed among the attach-
ments. I challenge the US Air Force to make a blanket declaration
indemnifying any and all former Army Air Force or Air Force
personnel from punishment should they speak their mind about any
aspect of the recovery and analysis of any crashed flying saucer
in New Mexico in 1947.If there were no crashed saucers and no
coverup, they have nothing to fear.

Weaver also suggests that it would be impossible to oonduct a
serious investigation of crashed flying saucers and alien bodies
without leaving a huge Air •Force paper trail. During World War 2
Dr. Vannevar Bush headed the Office of Scientific Research and
Development under which aegis the Manhattan Project was operated
to develop atomic bombs along with projects relating to the Prox-
imity fuse, radar, and many other technologies. He noted in his
Oral History at MIT that there were weekly meetings of the four
leaders of the Manhattan Project. There were no secretaries, no
agendas, no minutes; in short no paper trail. They     surely got
the job done.

Since much of the Manhattan Project was conducted in New Mexico,
it seems very very likely that the recovery of alien spacecraft
and alien bodies would have induced a similar project like the
Manhattan Project relating to the saucers, such as Operation
Majestic 12, a special effort completely outside the USAF and
other standard military groups. The USAF concern is the here and
now, not the futuristic technological, economic, biological,
religious, etc implications of alien visitations. Quite rightly
they were concerned with defending against the expected attack
from the Soviet Union. One must note that the NSA was established
as an interservice group by a classified executive order in the
early 1950s.


                                9
PHOTO ANALYSIS
Weaver makes a big deal of having located the pictures of General
Barney, Colonel Dubose, Major Marcel, Major Newton taken in
Barney's office at Fort Worth, and having those pictures analyzed
by the CIA.I originally had located those pictures .in 1979 at the
Fort Worth Star Telegram. Not one researcher of whom I am aware
seriously believes that the material shown in those pictures is
the strange stuff found at the Foster Ranch. It was indeed the
tin foil and balsa wood radar reflector used with weather bal-
loons. It hardly matches either the Mogul balloon wreckage of
which Weaver is so fond or the weird material described by the
Brazels and the Marcels and others.

Weaver claims that the threats supposedly made to witnesses were
obviously ineffective since so many people have talked. He fails
to note the that there are still individuals from the military
unwilling to go public. We need a blanket indemnification for
these people.    I don't mean characters like Frank Kaufman who
were everywhere, knew everything, but can provide nothing to
substantiate their off-the-wall claims so have nothing to fear
except the contempt of those who find their testimony totally
unbelievable.

After all, the pictures of balloon radar reflector wreckage and
Jesse Marcel, DuBose, Ramey; and Newton appeared in many news-
papers. Much of what they said was actually a matter of public
record. Walter Haut's name, often misspelled, was all         the
place. Most of the people who were threatened WERE NEVER NOTED IN
PUBLIC do NOT have documentation to prove their claims nor are
still alive. After all, if that TV Station manager hadn't sudden-
ly suggested my talking to Jesse Marcel, we would still know
nothing about Roswell.

As for Weaver's apparent shock at •the suggestion that the USAF
has covered up anything about UFOs, besides lying about the
weather balloon to protect Project Mogul, whose technology was
totally conventional, and needed no protection, let us note some
examples:

A. In October 1955 The USAF issued a press release concerning a
huge study done about UFOs. They, of course, didn't say where the
work was done (Battelle Memorial Institute in Columbus, Ohio, a
very well respected Research and Development firm),nor give the
names of the researchers or even the title of the Huge Final
report of the Study "Project Blue Book Special Report 14". They
put out a supposed summary of the study which gives none of the
data included in the more than 240 charts, tables, and graphs in
the report. The focus was on new strange aircraft on which the
government was working. The press release included this complete-
ly false statement by, of all people, the Secretary of the USAF "
On the basis of this report, we believe that no objects such as
those popularly described as flying saucers have overflown the
United States. Even the unknown 3% could have been identified as
conventional phenomena or illusions if more complete observation-


                                10
al data had been available."

These two "factual" statements are both lies. 21.5 % of the 3201
sightings investigated by HMI could not be explained (not 3%),
completely separate and distinct from the 10.5 % listed as insuf-
ficient information. The data in the report show that the better
the quality of the sighting, the more likely to be listed as an
Unknown, and that the probability that the Unknowns were just
missed knowns was less than 1%. In short, the USAF lied and the
press repeated the lies.It isn't surprising that none of the 11
anti-UFO books even mention BBSR 14, even though all the authors
were aware of it.

In 1969, when Project Blue Book was closed, another splendidly
done totally misleading press release was issued by the Air Force
giving three totally misleading conclusions from Project Blue
Book namely that "No UFO reported, investigated and evaluated by
the Air Force has ever given any indication of threat to our
national security 2.There has been no evidence submitted to, or
discovered by the Air Force that sightings categorized as "Uni-
dentified" represent technological developments or principles
beyond the range of present day scientific knowledge and 3) There
has been no evidence indicating that sightings categorized as
"unidentified" are extraterrestrial vehicles." Obviously penguins
in Antarctica aren't a threat to US security either, but they
certainly are real. If one of the 3 functions were performed by
some other agency (NSA or NRO, CIA,DIA, NASA,ONI, Majestic, etc)
the statement would be true, but irrelevant. I have worked on
fission and fusion programs for deep space travel so number 2 is
meaningless as well. For 3 what if those really good case■ were
listed as Interstellar Alien Craft or some such rather       than
Unidentified???

Not surprisingly, the USAF in 1993 and 1994 was feeding out more
lies now to Congressman, again focusing on Project Blue Book and
its totally misleading 1969 conclusions. They also falsely
claimed that the USAF didn't get involved in UFO research until
1948 ( gets rid of Roswell the easy way), that the USAF knows of
nobody besides the National Archives who has any UFO data, that
all there was, was Blue Book, Sign and Grudge. These are all lies
especially in view of the legal actions against the CIA and the
NSA which proved that both are withholding UFO data and the USAF
General Carroll Bolender's 1969 memo which states that reports of
UFOs which could effect national security would continue to be
made in accordance with JANAP 146 and Air Force Manual 55-11 and
are NOT part of the Blue Book system. The Air Defense Command was
NOT part of Blue Book and BB didn't.4lave a need to know for their
data.

NEW YORK TIMES
As bad as Weaver's piece is, the press coverage, especially by
the New York Times, is actually much more distressing because it
will have influenced so many more people. There it was Front Page
of the Sunday Edition, Sept. 18, 1994. The 60 column inch piece


                                11
was by science writer William Broad, whose work I normally ad-
mire. For example, he early on broke a story about over 100
unannounced underground nuclear explosions conducted in the
Southwest. Broad seems to have started from the proposition that
there is nothing to the notion of flying saucers in General or
crashed saucers in particular. It is only in the last 3 inches of
his piece that he says anything about the Roswell story.

The rest of the article tells us far more than we want to know
about the Mogul Balloon Project. For reasons unknown, Broad seems
to think this long cancelled project is important news in 1994.
He did interview Colonel Trakowski who casually remarks,       as
though he knew anything at all about the matter "In• New Mexico
flying saucerism has become a minor industry. There are whole
museums dedicated to the presentation of outrageous fictions".
Broad can't be bothered mentioning the 509th (the only atomic
Bombing group in the world), or Major Marcel, its intelligence
officer. He lists some books about Roswell, but not "Crash at
Corona" though I am the original investigator and this is the
only Roswell book co-authored by a scientist and an Aviation/
Science   writer as opposed, for example, to a writer          of
fiction.etc..

He mentions and quotes Walter Haut at the Roswell UFO Museum and
Research Center, but doesn't even mention that he was the one who
issued the press release. Despite Trakowski's crack about fic-
tions, Broad doesn't mention that Trakowski is almost blind, that
the museum is staffed by volunteers and charges no admission fee.
Broad couldn't be bothered mentioning or interviewing any of the
key witnesses such as Dr. Marcel, Bill Brazel, Glenn Dennis, etc.

Broad has no qualms at all at about repeatedly insulting those of
us who, after many years of effort, have come to the conclusion
that some UFOs are alien spacecraft. Included in his article are
such terms as "flying saucer fans, cover up theorists, flying
saucer cultists, conspiracy theories, flying saucer .devotees.'
etc ad nauseum. He seems completely oblivious to the fact that
opinion polls have shown for thirty years that believers outnus-
ber non-believers, and that the greater the education the Cors
likely to accept the notion of UFO reality. Polls of engineers
and scientists show that about 2/3 of them who express an opiate•
accept UFO reality. It is the nasty noisy negativists and debunk-
ers who deserve the insults for their irrational unscientific
comments about UFOs.

Not for Broad is there any mention of the Five large scale actor
tific studies, the dozen or so PhD Theses, the hundreds of    UPO
articles by scientists such as Dr. Bruce Maccabee and myself. Otto
is reminded of the comment in Dr. Herbert Strentz's 1970 !7O
Thesis about Press coverage of UFOs:

  " The high degree of ridicule present in the UFO phenomenon S
reflected in the press coverage., the coverage has been marked by
superficiality, redundancy, silliness, careless reporting as
lack of relevant information... The lack of relevant informattos


                                12
                                13


was   also attributable to the reluctance of the press to ferret
out   information about the phenomenon and those involved in it."

It. is 24 years later and yet Broad's article   shows   how   right
Strentz was.

As other good examples, we have this statement from the Los
Angeles Times (Sept. 27, 1973) "A two year old Gallup Poll re-
ported that more than three million Americans believe Flying
Saucers are real. But that still leaves 98 % of the country
somewhat doubtful". The fact is that 64% of those who expressed
an opinion said they were real. Note this totally false claim
from SCIENCE August 20, 1976. "The number of people believing in
Flying Saucers remains at about 6% of the adult population ac-
cording to the Gallup Polls". Both publications refused to pub-
lish corrections even when sent the relevant polls!!

Colonel Weaver had claimed that the USAF decision to dig into
Roswell was primarily triggered by an article in the January 14,
1994   issue of the Washington Post about Congressman Schiff and
the GAO. I did a 4 page critique of the numerous errors of fact
and tone in this article, but had no impact on the editors nor
the ombudsman. The basic rules here for debunkers are 1. "Don't
bother me with the facts, my mind is made up", and 2. "What the
public doesn't know, we are not going to tell them." and 3. "If
one can't attack the data, attack the people."

One more example to illustrate rule 2. Weaver mentions the memo
of July 8, 1947, from the Dallas FBI Office and uses this quote "
"The disc is hexagonal in shape and was suspended from a balloon
by   a cable, which balloon was approximately 20 feet          in
diameter.., the object found resembles a high altitude weather
balloon with a radar reflector., disc and balloon being trans-
ported.." Weaver leaves out this clause after radar reflector
But that telephonic conversation between their office and Wright
Field had not borne out this belief." I think it is fair to say
that this omission is significant.

Isn't it time for those of us who have studied the data to make
our voices heard instead of being apologist ufologists or closet
ufologists? I have lectured on the subject "Flying Saucers ARE
Real" at more .than 600 colleges and over 100 professional groups
in all 50 states, 9 provinces and 4 other countries. I have only
had 10 hecklers, two of whom were drunk . The audience took cars
of the other 8. If we stay quietly in the closet, we only have
ourselves to blame for the misrepresentations of the Weavers and
Broads of the world. Remember that we are paying Weaver's salary
and Cavitt's retirement benefits.
                                                                           N
     a3;~g-                     C    E        .... E wa.             ap

                                                          iq                                                     .


4
     y efi  `e y               g2S'.a                     `. Eoe L5 -z                  ..
     p CC rig                  12 S. C ~~_                t,g~
                                                                     ~~eC5
                                                                                                     In
                                                                                                 ~   • Y


                      :
                                                      8e~$~
     8g                         S+tIE                                                            13$3
                  O       A
                                                                      -ai r • a ~.
     L     ≤X1a1'!                   553665 Ss                        .esia' nn
                                      U9XeC$=^c
                                              `s                           n
                                                                                    fl               99p
                      ~                                                                      r

                                     c o Q~Yr                    • aaY         a ~~              c~ '
                                                                                                    sl

    Yyfl~
                      Y s y          YC~g -
                                          ~r r ~             iY`ioy;g               i        I C Y r'
                                                                                                                yY
                                C'
         y o ~r               ~y     ;ii.         L.C CY ~≥l'        sq
                                                                     y     3        S 2;E=SE
                                                                       re;
         ~°i•             q L        L.             *raYY.                                       ;          g

                  ~' ~3 cc~a6~o~:i LOY52$~
    .~paa~ g=~
           y  Ei',
                                                                                                            y        ..
     Q~     .ice                          ~                                +                 •       Y rr

                          g..OV           ~h          2fs...71                 07       ae..ziit


                                                  Y
                                                                     gg
                ~i 33S:' ~t~ $ 3 ~ tyL9. j 5g                                                p


         Y$ai ly                     r:                             5cS 2jY~
            3                 eii                 e a~ C 'u r ..r`~          s
                  e                       y              Y
                                                                               •

          d~y~g~s~j'~~5
                      i e~~1I • ~ag~a                                                   ~        i~ r


                                              a            e~"saD1A                                  €1~

         1C     9w
                          ~
                                p
                                     L3
                                       p
                                                  `X~
                                                      Y
                                                             uv
                                                                 !

                                                                          ~~w0
                                                                                        +        u.
                                                                                                 6$.5


                              4
                              +   0.t. . flnhIiCk ri
                                  1.. ~.•,«i~t Y. P rqV


       TO! DALLAS             Y2-A7                           t•1?• Pn
      ~RecTart AND sac, CINCINNATI
      GFtY:r.~ CiS'. INrcf1A17CN COCNINC.
                                             t V AErlterrL"Ye
                                                                       , NEADOUA• • -•.L.
                                                                  me?rrr lit? AN eA ttet
       EICITN Al'! eeeni TftpRorltf
       Pl~sf1R1*~•f*e +~T A fYTNC DISC VAS RF COVZR!D NEAR ROSY!". V*FrT(
        '                           e
       ICXICo t T$! DATtt.- 1X- DISC IS HLZACONAI. IN SWAPS MID VA%Jjjf.D^-.!
       FROt~RILE       BY CA8Lt, VXfX £&LLOk VU AfSOtLYA-aZY TTVVITT
       rZZT IN OIA&1 2.                                                               "
                                                 FUABin ADVISID THAT TCf08JECT
       FOUND RESZM!LSS A NICK ALTITUD: VLITKSR BALLOON VTTW A RADA&
• i
~'     P                *AT Tnr?KOIlrc CCIWV#SAfoR Srv=I T1LZf Ofrtt
       AND VRSC)    ,Ir2]4An xnt -.--                 r       mitt rve r23l~,1 DISC MD
~(
       BALLOON' Ft'TN6 TRAS?OI!T•*J TO YRICHT T2≥Y3_SY_SPFSiALPi::IE COR ESAM!t:ATiil
       P O7!'AT!OU fl OVID!D T}US OftCL 1S:AUS_ W NATIONAL tlfltEflt IN CASE.
       T..~ AND FACT THAT NATIONAL aacADCArr uc CrFWANYr ASSOC:AT-7 PRr-SSA MID
       D1YO:AS ATTD PTINC TO UZZAX STOiT "OP LOCATION Or DISC TODAY. ~"~
             ' ADVISED 40ULD RfU:ST ViICHT rim                TO ADVISE C21CiCC:AZ
       on1    RESULTS Os EXANIXATION. NO rURTWLR~INVESTICITONt!Ic
       CONDUCT=.

                       1m.T            ~_
                        F,toDaar~          1,,    S       a
       IUD
       C     ACC Iii 0u`      ~•
       Ua ~i~ i3I CI :7JUT
       8PI Xi.
       t-u n+ a
       Len PM OX TDI VASE..-+                                                    Figure 2
.m•-27-f4 TUE 17ie4                                                       0t
                                                                   M.Y<

                                                                          s


    AIR FORCE EXPLANATION OF 1947 "Roswell" UFO CRASH A LOT OF
    HOT AIR

         The U.S. Air Force recently "explained" the highly
    controversial story of material recovered from an alleged
    UFO that crashed in central New Mexico in 1947 as a oncs-
    secret Project Mogul balloon. A careful analysis of the 23-
    pegs official report, by the Fund for UFO Research, has
    revealed enough holes in the Air Force theory to bring down
    the sturdiest of balloons.

         Project Mogul was intended to detect sound waves from
    the first Soviet nuclear test, using a scientific payload
    suspended beneath a constant-altitude balloon. The clusters
    of off-the-shelf balloon. flown in the early suarer of 1947
    were merely tests aimed at developing an operational.... ..
    system. They were not actual operational flights with
    highly classified scientific instruments.
         According to the "Report of Air Force Research
    Regarding the 'Roswell Incident'", "the material was...aost
    probably from Flight 4". But the Flight Log (Attachment
    427) does not list a Flight 4, but rather begins with Flight
    5, launched on June 5. There is no known evidence that
    there ever was a Flight 4.

         Had there been such a flight, it would have have been
    launched no later than June 5, and thus at least a month
    before the debris was found on the Foster Ranch, near
    Corona, NM, by ranch foreman William "Mac" Brazel. The
    debris was on a frequently-inspected section of the ranch,
    and thus would have been found much sooner than early July.

         Moreover, an Air Force-quoted statement from Prof.
    Charles B. Moore, a recognised authority on balloons,
    and a participant in the Project Mogul program, is seriously
    at odds with the official conclusion. According to
    Prof. Moore, the neoprene balloons used in the first test
    flights were susceptible to rapid degradation in the
    sunlight, and "would look like dark gray or black flakes or
    ashes after exposure to the sun for only a few days."
         In a week, let alone a month or more, such "flakes or
    ashes" would have been so widely scattered by the frequently
    strong winds that no one could possibly have noticed thee.
    Even if they could have been seen, they would hardly have
    been described by witnesses as resembling metallic foil.

         Mai Jesse Marcel, Intelligence Officer of Roswell Army
    Air Field, and one of the first two military persons on the
    scene, is on videotape describing an area 2/3 of a ails long
    and several hundred feet wide, littered with strange
    material. He said there was a large quantity of what looked
    like metallic foil, but was both lighter and much stronger


SEP-27-1994 18:10
                                      Ewl                           P.03


    than cesswn household aluminus foil. Re said it could not
    be creased, cut, punctured, burned or even dented with a 16-
    pound sledge hammer.
         Re said that he and Counter-Intelligence Corps officer
    Sheridan Cavitt loaded their two vehicles with a small
    portion of the material and took it back to Roswell Army Air
    Field. Could the remains of a cluster of small balloons
    possibly account for the quantity (to say nothing of the
    nature) of what first-hand witnesses said they saw, handled
    and helped transport?
         Prior to disintegrating, the balloons would have
    intact, though some of them would have been damaged by the
    punctures or rips which caused them to descend. But the
    whole assembly would have still been tied together, and
    would have covered a very limited portion of the estimated
    50 acres.
         The balloons would have had to explode in order to
    distribute their pieces over such:a large area. But helium-
    filled Project Mogul test balloons could not have exploded,
    since helium is an inert gas. Thus each of them would haw
    been in one piece when it landed. And if what was found was
    neoprene, either the just-landed pieces would have been in
    good shape and thus recognizable as neoprene, or they would
    have been in the process of disintegrating, and would have
    crumbled when picked up by Marcell and Cavitt.

         Among the items of videotaped eye-witness testimony
    ignored by the Air Force report is that of the son of
    Maj. Marcel, or. Jesse Marcel, who is now an M.A., Army
    National Guard helicopter pilot and flight surgeon. Be
    describes, in great detail, not only the odd metallic foil,
    but also slender metallic I-beans which he says displayed
    unrecognizable symbols embossed in a strange pinkish-
    purplish color on their webs.
         Just what it was that crashed on the New Mexico sheep
    ranch in 1947 is unknown. But no evidence exists to show
    that it was any kind of balloon, experimental airplane, test
    missile or anything else mundane, as suggested by the Air
    Force. The repressive behavior of military personnel at the
    time is not consistent with this view.
         was it an alien spacecraft, as so many are now
    suggesting? We don't know, but unless a convincing
    alternative explanation is forthcowing, that remains an open
    possibility.


.SFP-27-6994   ie=n                                   47x          e n+
                  STANTON T.FRIEDMAN
                 NUCLEAR PHYSICIST - LECTURER


Deputy for Security and
Investigative Programs (SAP/AU)
1720 Air Force Pentagon
Department of the Air Force
Washington,DC 20330-1000                  Subject:   Majestic 12 Documents

 Dear Colonel Weaver:                                        Feb. 13, 1894

 Mr. Nicholas Redfern of England has been kind enough to send
 along codes ofv ur letters to him of October 12 and 29, 1993.
 tnesae Letters contain a number of statements about the lack of
 legitimacy of the MJ-12 documents. Unfortunately, there doesn't
 seem to be even a hint or a whisper of any evidence, any report,
 any investigation to substantiate these claims.
 On the other hand, having first heard of these documents about 9
 years ago and having devoted an enormous amount of effort, time,
 and money to serious attempts to determine legitimacy, I have
 reached the conclusion that the 3 primary documents are very
 likely genuine; specifically (1) the 8 pages of the Eisenhower
 Briefing of Nov. 18, 1952, which includes (2) the Truman Forres-
 tal Memorandum of.Sept. 24, 1947; as attachment A and (3) the
 Cutler-Twining Memo of July 14, 1954, I have spent hundreds of
 hours at a total of 15 archives. I have contacted    families of
 MJ-12 members, have contacted former associates of President
 Truman and written a large report and a number of shorter papers.
  My conclusions hagwd QA iY intensive study aM invent igatioq are
  that the 3 documents are very likely genuine since there is so
  much internal data, not known to any one outside the government
  at the time they were received, that turns out to be true.In
• addition, I have yet to hear one anti-MS-12 argument that stands
  up to careful scrutiny. If you have any, please forward same.
 Having worked as a scientist under security for 14 years, I can
 indeed understand the need for having a policy to deal with
 documents marked TOP SECRET MAJIC. What I cannot understand are
 your totally unsubstantiated claims that

 1. "The Air Force considers the "MJ-12" (both the group described
 and the purported documents) to be bogus." To whom       the Air
 Force are you referring? Or is this a purely personal, as opposed
 to professional, opinion not requiring substantiation?

 2, the issue "is universally viewed in security and investigative
 circles as an obvious hoax."

 I trust that you have some reports from somewhere showing that
 (1) is an official Air Force position based on investigation as
 opposed to proclamation, and that you have reports from various
 security and investigative Circles again providing evidence?
 Please consider this letter j  •   reauest           documents.

                 Sc*ic.Cw Saw • t.ctmw.
                                      .
i


                                        2

     If you do not have any official reports or any evidence or any
     investigation, and having already stated that the documents did
     not originate with the Air Porte, how can you, as a presumably
     responsible public official, make these claims? Isn't it incum—
     bent that government officials tell the truth, the whole truth,'
     and nothing but the truth to citizens? I am still a US citizen.
      I shall enclose my 108 page anal $eoort Ip Oneratiop &lest ~ f
      of which I have sold hundreds of copies. Copies of the documents
      are included after page 80.. not yet marked Bogus. The last 3
      pages list some of the many pieces of inoluded information that
      surprisingly, turned out to be true. In the text I deal with a
      host of arguments (more are' in my 1992 paper) made by anti-MJ-12
      buffs. Note, too, the $1000. check to me from P.J. Klass for my"
    :..proving him wrong about the Pica .type on .;the Cutler-Twining memo.
            too`. prefers cto''MaS proclamation's rather than doing homeet% '"'
      work. In the interest 'of'fairness, you ought to refer anybody
      seeking 11J-12 information to my report, don't you think? I u,
      after all 'a professional''soientist who'spent a great deal of
      effort. What are your qualifications in'this' MJ-12 matter besides
      writing letters? How many archives have. you,' visited???How many
      investigative reports have you Written about P13-12??? art ji j
      POTS retueet t4L ll.l *L: SbnL.            ;
      There is no question that' government agenoies are indeed with-
      holding UPO•informatibn.This is fact NOT theory. If you don't be-
      lieve it, then please' provide, as a minimum, the 158 NSA UPO
    '.documents which were also Withheld from Federal Judge Gesell, or
      the 11 CIA UPO docnments'tJust the tip of the iceberg) withheld
      from me. Perhaps you could also provide a.justification for .the
      Dec. 1981, USA! OSI memo,instruoting its units j         to follow
      their own regulations' should they receive a POIA request from me
      about' UFOs? A' copy Of thi's disgraceful OSI dooument is enclosed
      along with the brief, paper about the Cosmic Watergate.

      Colonel 'Weaver', the oath' War' is over. Hopefully the days of blind
      acceptance of ant!-UFO propaganda issued by various US government
      agencies are over as well.Even the KGB is talking about UPOs. I
      would be willing to make 'a presentation about MJ-12 in particular
      or the UPO subject in general before any group (official or, not)
      of 'your choosing. Are you billing to put'your anti-MJ-12 case on
      the line? More importantly;,. do you have an anti-MJ-12 case?
      Awaiting your responi 'with great intbrest, `
      Most1,,ordislly        4.. .

               Fag
      Enclosures' include. my NJ-12 report, my CV which lists my 82 UPO
      papers, a few responses.from my more'than 800 college and 100
      professional lecture' audiences, and information about my book
      Cra■h jj• Corona., which also ,inoj4es the 113-12 Documents.

      CC: Congressman Steven Schiff, v'i'ious' yourflil ists, and others.
                                    DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
                                            WASHINGTON DC 20990-1000


OFFICE OF TNC SECRETARY


                                                                                 cci• I o IFV+7
          SAF/AAZ
          1720 Air Force Pentagon
          Washington DC 20330

          Mr. Nicholas Redfern


         Dear Mr. Redfern

                This is in response to your Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request (undated)
         concerning the so-called "Majestic 12" or "MJ-12." We have no documents responsive to your
         request.

               Having said that, however, I can state that the Air Force considers the "MY-12" (both the
         wow described and the Dutvorted documents) to be bogus. In fsct, we mark copies of the
         "documents" that carne into our poaaesaion with the annotation "NOT AN OFFICIAL AIR
         FORCE DOCUMENT, NOT CLASSwuzu, SUSPECTED FORGERY OR BOGUS
         T
         LVInVlYltl`I 1. "


                  Such nrndthng, of cause, only proves to "true believers that we are obviously part of a
         gigantic on-going cover up regarding the "documents". These marldng do, however, alert
         persons who may come into contact with then that they are not really dealing with TOP SECRET
         classified documents, and do not have to employ security measures to protect them (usually at
         great cost and inconvenience to all concerned).

                 Copies not so marked do, however, from time to time show up in government offices in
         the following manner An MJ-12 buff mails a copy of the "documents" to a government office or
         hands them to a security guard, purposely pointing out that they are marked TOP SECRET. The
         guard or secretary panics (most have never seen a TOP SECRET document before) and begins to
         take heroic measures to protect the "information" from further disclosure. Calls to the authorities
         are made, security containers acquired, guards posted, security officers notified, etc. Ultimately,
         of course, it is learned that these "documents are bogus". Meanwhile, the "MJ-12" buffs,


                                                                a~
conclude that, since such security measures are employed only for classified material, the initial
government reaction and application of such procedures to the "documents" is acknowledgment
by the govanment that they are, in fact, classified Hence their prophesy is Srlfilled and they can
use this incident as flrrther "proof" to verity their claims of authenticity of "M3-12."

        Your question concerning prosecution for this hoax is an interesting one. WhIle, it
appears there are several statutes that the "author(s)" may have violated; there is no current effort
by the government to attempt to identify the author(s) or prosecute them The whole issue is
viewed as a nuisance not worth wasting more time or money on.

        If you consider this "no records" determination as an adverse action you may appeal it to
the Secretary of the Air Force within 60 days from the date of this letter. Please state your reason
for reconsideration and attach a copy of this letter. Marl it to:

       SAP/AAIS (FOIA)
       1620 Air Force Pentagon
       Washington DC 20330-1620


                                                                                      .~--
                                                                   LWEAVER, Col, USAF
                                                              for Security and Investigative
                                                                  (SAP/AAZ)


                                               a~
                                   DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
                                          WASHINGTON DC 20330.1000


oncc or me UERCTARY


                                                                                   29 1993


       SAF/AAZ
       1720 Air Farce Pentagon
       Washington DC 20330-1720


       Dear Mr. Redfern:

               This is in response to your letter of 22 Oct 93 requesting intimation regarding the so
       called "MI-12 documents'.

                I do not have readily available the orations to potential gal code violations that the
       author(s) of the "documwts" may have violated because, as I previously stated, no one has been
       interested in seriously pwtog the liar', whichituoiversallv viewed in security and investigative
       circles as an obvious hoax. Hypothetically, various fraud statutes could possibly be applicable,
       although many of those reprise some direct peatniary gain by the perpetrators) as an element of
       the offense. In this particular a     that appears to be no direct peamiary gain, although a
       number of people have obviously benefited indirectly baauae they used the "doetments" to wrt
       books. The only real loss (although intangible) is to the U.S. taxpayers who pay the salaries of
       the gavanmmt amployen who moat takes time out of their aeceaaary dutiaa to debunk these
       "doetmdrti" when they coma to than attwuon. Additionally, many of the people who lthli
       personally bring or write to us legarifing these'doaumenn" So lase indirectly because they hew
       been taken in by the utpatrssor(s) of this boar.

               As for the second part of your requ'at, I have attached suitably marked copies of these
       "doeumaas', specifically (a) 'Briefing Document: Operation Majestic Twelve': (b) tceastive
       Briefing: Project Aquarius" with the "Snowbird DOasment," (Which references "w1; and (c)
       the so-called "Aquarius Doaunent."
      Hopefully, these will be helpful to you. Good luck in your endeavors.


                                                     CHARD L. WEAVER, Col, USAF
                                                        for Security and Investigative
                                                            (SAF/AAZ)


Attachment
8/s


                                                       23
                                                                    I


Richard L. Weaver, Colonel. USAF
Invest 1KaLI vu Prugramn (SAF/AA%)
1720 Air Fe rce Pentagon
Department of the Air Force
Washington. DC 20330-1000


Dear Colonel Weaver:                               April 3, 1994

This a just a quick note to remind you that my letter of February
13, 1994,(Copy enclosed) included 2 Freedom of Information Act
requests re lated to the Operation Majestic 12T Doc`uments. The
as I unders tand it, allows 10 working days for response time. It
has been G weeks. May I have a response, please?


 tanLon T. Frid'dma
Enclosure
                                   DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
                                          WASHINGTON DC 2O:SZO-1OOO


=ICE of THE SECRETARY
                                                                                         APR I I    Innq


      SAF/AAZ
      1720 Air Force Pentagon
      Washington DC 20330-1720


                  .        ,

             This is in response to your letter of 3 Apr 94 which was characterized as a Freedom of
      Information Act (FOIA) request. The other letter you referenced, dated 13 Feb 94, was not
      received by this office.

                We have no records responsive to your request.

                We are not required by the FOIA to provide answers to questions.

              If you interpret this "no records" response as a denial, you may appeal this decision to the
       Secretary of the Air Force within 60 calendar days from the date of this letter. Include in your
       appeal your reasons for reconsideration, and attach a copy of this letter. Address your letter as
       follows:
                      SAF/AAIS (FOIA)
                        1620 Air Force Pentagon
                        Washingron DC 20330


                                                                      L. WEAVER, Colonel, USAF
                                                                 r, Security and Special Programs
                                                              Ov ght


                                                           ~5
                    STANTON T. FRIEDMAN
                   NUCLEAR PHYSICIST - LECTURER


Certified Mai l


Subject.: Anpral In denial of FOTA request concerning materials on
Operation Majestic 12. MJ-12. Majic-12

References (enclosed):A.FOIA Requests to Colonel Richard           L.
Weaver dated Feb.13. 1994.with conies of letters from Weaver       to
Nicholas Redfern dated October 12 and October 28. 1993

B. Reminder letter Friedman to Weaver dated April 3. 1994.

C. FOIA Denial: Weaver to Friedman dated April 11. 1994.

D. "Final Report on Operation Majestic 12"   by S. T. Friedman

F.. Miscel laneous background information.

Gentlemen:                                    April 21, 1994

I am hereby appealing the    April it denial to my FOIA request.

The basic ground for my appeal is that I simply cannot believe
that such negative OFFICIAL statements as were made by Colonel
Weaver concerning Majestic 12 Documents could be made without
there being a paper trail leadinct up to them. Ris letters were on
Official stationery. Surely there must be memos, letters, records
of phone conversations, reports, investigative summaries, some
rational basis for the claims he made??? Perhaps instructions
from his commanding officer? The comments. after all, were made
in his official - capacity not as a private citizen. Surely if the
views expressed were purely personal ones. they would have been
prefaced with a statement to that effect?

Colonel Weaver may well be right that FOIA does not require him
to respond to questions. Surely his official oath of allegiance
to the government and constitution of the United States requires
that he deal honestly with US citizens and not reflect dishonor
on his office by expressing personal bias to foreigners in the
guise of professional opinions.

Perhaps it would refresh Colonel Weaver's memory if I noted that
USAF OSI has made negative statements about the MJ-12 Documents
as well? and even informed the FBI that they were bogus? Copies??

T eagerly await your reversal of this miscarriage of justice. To
use the vernacular, if Colonel Weaver can't put up any data, than
shouldn't he be told to shut up? Retract, apologize??
M -,t cor•ially,
                   s                 2
         T.   7
              rie man. US   itizen
                                  27
                   STANTON T. FRIEDIMAN
                  NUCLEAIt PHYSICIST -1.ECTURF.R


                                             r , -      s
The Roswell Incident, the   USAF, and the NY Times     S.Friedman
                                                    Sept.23, 1994
As a nuclear physicist who has studied UFOs for 36 years and, in
1978, began the research into the 1947 Roswell Incident, I was
not surprised at the recent misleading USAF report about the .
event. '!'here is ample evidence that ooverup has been the USAF
rule, and that we are dealing with a Cosmic Watergate not a'
"white lie". But when the NYT (Sept. 18) does a 60 column inch
front page story completely ignoring the relevant evidence, that
is surprising.

William Broad's article tells us a great deal about Mogul whose
existence had been known for many years. It tells us nothing
about the overwhelming evidence, outstanding individuals and
groups involved in the Roswell Incident. Instead he disparages
"flying saucer fans, devotees, cultists". Not a word about      5
large' scientific studies, 12 PhD theses, hundreds of articles
by. professional scientists like myself. Opinion polls for 30
years have shown that UFO "believers" far outnumber non-believers
and that, the greater the education, the more likely to accept
UFO reality.

I' have lectured about UFOs to over 100 professional groups, and
000 colleges and have two University of Chicago physics degrees.
Perhaps that is why "Crash at Corona" by myself and aviation
science writer Don Berliner isn't mentioned? Cultists?? The UFO
debunkers and noisy negativists are the cultists.

The Roswell military group was the 509th, then the world's only
atomic bombers, with hand picked officers. A key witness was.
Major Jesse Marcel, the 509th's intelligence officer . His son,
who also handled wreckage, is now an MD, pilot; flight surgeon
and aurved on military aircraft accident investigating teams.
There is old testimony from both Marcels and many other witnesses
which is in direct conflict with the newly concocted Mogul bal-
loon explanation. There was, after.all, nothing special     about
the Mogul balloon materials. The real wreckage was very special.

In 1979 I located the pictures taken in General Ramey's office.
Every book notes that the wreckage is indeed a balloon radar
reflector. Why the USAF had the pictures analyzed is beyond me. I
can understand this false statement, "In 1978 an article appeared
in a tabloid newspaper the National Inquirer(aic) which reported
that the former intelligence officer, Marcel, claimed he had
recovered UFO debris near Roswell in 1947. Also in 1978 a UFO
Researcher, Stanton Friedman, met with Marcel and began • investi-
gating the claims..". The Enquirer article actually appeared in
February, 1980, long alter I and others had conducted a serious
and still ongoing investigation. I was referred to Marcel by a TV
station manager, a ham radio buddy of Mareel's. There are many
notarized statements from first hand witnesses, NOT interviewed
 The only real correlation between a balloon and the wreckage
 comes from a July 8 interview with rancher Mac Brazel who made
 the long trip to Roswell on July 6 (not July 7) and had previous-
 ly recovered two weather balloons. It has been well documented
 by Roswell media persons, Brazei's son and neighbors, that he had
 been taken into custody by the USAAF and given a new story. The
 AF report even leaves out the next line of the newspaper article,
 otherwise quoted almost in its entirety, "I am sure that what I
 found was not any weather observation balloon".

 Is e there any. indication that the much quoted Colonel Trakowski
 knows anything about the Roswell story in particular, or UFOs in
 general? Why no mention that several of the key witnesses inter-
 viewed by the USAF collect substantial pensions? No vested inter-
 ests? Why no mention that the Roswell UFO Museum          charges no
 admission   and  is  staffed by  volunteers? I have been  there.  Has
 Trakowski? Broad    mentions Walter  Baut, UFO museum president,  but
 not that he was the      officer  ordered by  Colonel  William  Blan-
 chard, 509th Commander and later a 4-star general, to issue the
 crashed disc press release.

 Pensioned OSI officer Sheridan Cavitt's new testimony is totally
 at odds with his own previous testimony, with that of others who
 supposedly accompanied him to the crash site, and with the offi-
 cial USAF conclusion]]

 Although both contain much factual material, the NYT article and
 the USAF piece are almost textbook examples of propaganda with
 selective choice of data, positive and negative name calling,
 false reasoning and a cavalier disregard for the truth. FOR
 SHAME.                                     Text 698 words

 For free scientific UFO info send an SASE to•UFO, POB 958,     Houl-
 ton, ME 04730-0958                                              -30-

 To NY Times. In a 700 word article it is impossible to go into
 any detail, but I can substantiate all my claims. In 60 column
 inches, Broad should have noted key details about the Roswell
 story, not just irrelevant trivia about the MOGUL story.

  Here is what Cavitt is quoted as saying (Tab 17) " The area of
• this debris was very small about 20 rent square, and the materi-
  al was spread on the ground, but there was no gouge or crater or
 •other obvious sign of impact. I remember recognizing this materi-
  al as being consistent with a weather balloon. We gathered up
  some of this material, which would easily fit into one vehicle."

 Lt. McAndrew, in contrast, says Tab 32, "The balloon that was
 found on the Foster Ranch consisted of as many as 23 350 gram
 balloons spaced at 20 foot intervals, several radar targets (3 to
 5) plastic ballast tubes, parchment parachutes, a black "cutoff"
 box containing portions of a weather instrument and a sonabuoy
 (Atch.3)." There is nothing here to justify Brazel's long Roswell
 trip nor Major Marcel's very different 1978 description. If
 Cavitt recognized a balloon, why not tell all the investigators?
                                   a~
r                             DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
                                  WASHINGTON DC 20330.1000


                                                                   See .S-TE
                                                SEP r 2 Si
    onccamcswflTAn
           The Honorable Patty Murray
           United States Senator                                AUG 2 5 1999
           2988 Jackson Federal Building
           915 2nd Avenue
           Seattle, Washington 98174

           Dear Ms. Murray:
                This is in reply to your inquiry to the Secretary of Defense
           in behalf of Mr. Michael C. Atkins regarding events occurring near
           Roswell, New Mexico, in July, 1947.
                The Air Force possesses no records regarding this incident.
           We are not aware that any other governmental department or agency,
           other than the National Archives, possesses any records pertaining
           to UFOs.

                 As information, the Air Force began investigating UFOs in
            1948 under a program called Project sign. Later, the program's
            name was changed to Project Grudge and, in 1953,• it became known
            as Project Blue Book. On December 17, 1969, the Secretary of the
            Air Force announced the termination of Project Blue Book. The
        • decision to discontinue TWO investigations was based on a number
            of factors, including reports .and studies by the University of
        • Colorado and the National Academy of Sciences, as well as past UFO
          • studies and the Air Force's two decades of experience investigat-
            ing TWO reports.                                .

                As a result of these investigations, studies, and experience,
           the conclusions of Project Blue Book were: 1) no UFO reported,
           investigated and evaluated by. the Air Force has ever,given any
           indication of threat to ctr natienal aec:rity, 3) there has been
           no evidence submitted to, or discovered by, tha Air Force that
           sightings categorized as "unidentified" represent technological
           developments or principles beyond the range of present-day scien-
           tific knowledge and, 3)there has been no evidence indicating that
           sightings categorized as "unidentified" are extraterrestrial ve-
           hicles.

                Similar information is being sent to several Members of
           Congress in response to their. inquiries.

                We appreciate your interest in this matter and trust this
           information is helpful.

                                                   Sincerely,


                                                     OMAS W. SHUBEItT, Lt Col, USAF
                                                   Congressional Inquiry Division
                                                   Office of Legislative Liaison
                           STANTON T.FRIEDMAN                                         .z
                          NUCLEAR PHYSICIST - LECTURER


Thomas W. Schubert, Lt. Col. USI
Congressional Inquiry Division
Office of/Legislative Liaison
Office of the Secretary
Department of the Air Force
Washington, DC 20330-1000


Dear Colonel   Shubert:                                               Feb. 11, 1994

Mr. Michael C. Atkins has sent me a oopy of your letter of August
25,.1993, to Senator Patty Murray of Washington State, concerning
UFOs. .I am writing to. inform you that whoever provided the infor-
           the letter has provided both inaccurate information and
misleading information as will be established below.
Perhaps I should add that I have had a serious professional
interest in UFOs since 1958, have lectured on the subject "Flying
Saucers ARE Real" to more than 600 colleges and 100 professional
groups    all 50 states, provided testimony to the congressional
hearings of July 29,1968, (Well worth reading) and written 62
papers about UFOs in addition to coauthoring Crash ABC Corona a
book about the US Government's recovery and ooverup of crashed
saucers in New Mexico in 1947.

To simplify the exposition, I will use the term USLF to include
both the Air Force and the Army Air Force which was the proper
name until September, 1947. I will also use the term "you" rather
than "the letter to Senator Murray".

1. USAF began its investigation into flying saucers (the term UFO
was invented by USAF Captain Edward Ruppelt after 1950) at least
as early as June, 1947, NOT in 1948 as you state. There were
many newspaper articles throughout the US indicating great gov-
ernment concern with the well over 1000 flying disc reports made
in more than 40 states shortly after the publicity given to pilot
Kenneth Arnold's sighting of 9 objeots in Washington State on
June 24, 1947. Ruppelt's comments will be enclosed.

  A. Serious USAF investigation focused on the crashed saucer
recovered outside Roswell, NM.in early July, 1947. USAF Colonel
William Blanchard, Commander of the 509th Composite Bomb Group
and Roswell Army Air Field, ordered his Intelligence Officer,
Major Jesse Marcel, to accompany a rancher, who had brought very
strange wreckage into the office of Roawell Sheriff Wilcox, back
to the site of the discovery of the wreckage with a Counter
Intelligence Corps (later OSI) Officer on July 6, 1947. Not
incidentally, the 509th dropped the atomic bombs on Hiroshima,
Nagasaki, and in Operations Crossroads in the Pacific in 1946.
Colonel Blanchard eventually became a 4 Star USAF General and
USAF Vice Chief of Staff. All officers of the 509th were hand-
ploked.The 509th was part of the 8th Mr Force.


                      Science Consultant . Lecture, . Author . ameduste,
  B.When Major Marcel returned to the base on July 8 with a veh-
icle loaded with pieces of the very strange wreckage, Colonel
Blanchard ordered USAF Lt. Walter Haut to issue a press release
indicating that wreckage of a flying disc had indeed been recov-
ered. He also ordered Major Marcel to get a B-29 Crew to take the
major and some of the wreckage to Wright Field in Ohio with a
stop at 8th AF Hp in Ft. Worth, Texas.

USAF General Roger Barney, Commander of the 8th Air Force, re-
ceived instructions prior to Major Marcel's arrival to cover up
the story and never to talk about the wreckage again through his
Chief of Staff. Colonel T.J. DuBose (later a USAF General) who
cot them directly from USAF General Clemence McMullen, who was
basically acting as Commander of the USAF SAC under USAF General
Kenney. Testimony from both Marcel and Du Bose (both deceased) is
 n:•:,f,ile and:1readi•l.y:availabl.e..•.General Harney ordered. Marcel to.
say nothfng''and told the"press (which was waiting. because Haut'
press release went out on the newswire about noon NM time), that
the wreckage they were observing was that of a radar reflector
from a weather balloon.
Ramey had replaced the real wreckage with the radar reflector
foil like material, and got away with this intentional• deception
for 31 years until I got involved. An FBI memo (enclosed) indi-
cates the wreckage was NOT that of weather balloon and was
shipped on a special flight to Wright Field.The notion that
Blanchard and Marcel couldn't recognize the wreckage of a radar
reflector from a weather balloon is absurd, as    the notion that
pieces of one could cover an area 3/4 mile long and hundreds of
feet wide and that the wooden sticks couldn't be broken, burnt or
cut and would have strange pastel symbols. General Barney's cover
story went out about 4 hours after Haut's. Both releases were too
late for morning papers. Haut's made it in to Evening papers from
Chicago West. I will enclose oopies of several of these. Some
include the text of the release.
The Roswell Story is told. in detail in the three books and about
8 long papers that have been published. Walter Haut is alive and
well (in Roswell) as is Jesse Maroel1 Jr., MD, Pilot, flight sur-
geon. member of military aircraft accident investigating teams
who also handled the very unusual material. Both have given
notarized testimony.
   C. General Nathan Twining's Sept. 23, 1947, formerly SECRET
letter (enclosed) concerning UFOs clear'iy indicates that signifi-
cant effort had been put into the flying saucer problem by then
long before Sign, Grudge, Blue Book.The National Archives copy of
the original lists 5 top technical men from AMC as contributing
too the letter.Twining was head of the Air Materiel Command and
later went on to become Vice Chief and then Chief of Staff of the
USAF and eventually served as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs.
2. The notion that Project Blue Book and its predecessors Sign
and Grudge were the sum total of Air Force UFO investigations as
implied in your letter is easily demolished
                                 2
  A. A Jan. 31, 1949, FBI memo states that Army and Air Force
Intelligence (NOT Sign and Grudge or later Blue Book) consider
the subject of flying saucers TOP SECRET. I certainly couldn't
find any TOP SECRET or TS plus files in the Blue Book Material.

  B. The problem of unidentified aerial objects is directly
related to the mission of the Air Defense Command with its conti-
nent wide radar net, computers, closed communications system,
instrumented aircraft ready to be scrambled to identify and
monitor the characteristics of uncorrelated targets. Whether one-
is seeking Soviet aircraft and missiles, or flying saucers,
matters not. The technical effort is the same. Project Blue Book
had a major, a sergeant, a few secretaries, a bunch of filing
cabinets, and a once a month visit from a quiet astronomer.There
were no computers, radars, instruments; 'closed communications•
system. Perhaps of most importance, it had no need-to-know for
Air Defense Command data.. It accepted and occasionally investi-
gated civilian reports. Of far greater interest are reports from
military personnel..

   C. According to the very memo that resulted in the December,
1909, closure of Project Blue Book (The October 20, 1969, _memo
from USAF General Carroll Bolender- Dopy enclosed) "Moreover.
reports of UFOs which could affect National.Seourity are made in
accordance with JANAP 146 or Air Force Manual 55-11 and are" not
Dart g     ?11.4 Blue Book system   However, as already stated,..
reports of UFOs which could affect national security would con-
tinue is j,:Q handle4 through the atandard SIB ,FORCE orocedures
desi#ned .L&t this ournose..." It should be noted that Blue Book
had not even been on the distribution list for these reports. Any
-reasonable person would certainly expect that objects which could
affect national security would be of far greater significance
 than mere civilian uninstrumented observations. It is obvious
that any USAF Claim that all Air Force Investigations were sub—
sumed under the heading of Blue Book, Sign, and Grudge is false.

  D. I do have on hand copies of two formerly TOP SECRET Air
Force Intelligence UFO related documents. Neither had anything to
do with Blue Book, Sign, and Grudge. Both relate, as might be
expected from item.aQ above, to Air Intelligence. Copies are
enclosed. There are surely more where these came from just wait-
ing to be released.

3. The conclusions of Project Blue Book as noted in your letter
make no more sense today than they did in 1969. They are very
well written propaganda:

  A. Penguins in Antarctica have also "given no indication of
being a threat to our national security." They are certainly
real. The best question about UFOs is are ca v_ of them intelli-
gently controll ed extraterrestrial spacecraft. The evidence,
including some very interesting data from Project Blue Book
Special Report 1 4. clearly indicates that some are.
  B.   If   any of the functions noted   =   porting,   investigation,
                                   3
evaluation" were performed by some other agency such as the CIA.
DIA. ONI. NRO. this first statement could be technically true,but
totally meaningless. This same limitation applies to the state-
ment   about the evidence "submitted to or discovered by the Air
Force". In addition, such information would almost by definition
be extremely highly classified and could not be disclosed. After
all. a country which has an annual Black Budget of S34. Billion,
according to a Pulitzer Prize winning journalist, must have
cover stories to protect"black° programs. Obviously, I should also
note as a scientist who worked on a host of far out, exciting,
eventually cancelled, highly classified R and D programs, that
trips to the stars do NOT represent Technological Developments or
principles beyond the range of present day scientific knowledge..
any more than a trip to the moon was beyond the range of scien-
tific knowledge in 1947. It just took a huge effort and tons of
money to go from principles to practice.
Conclusion 3 is frankly absurd. Anybody who studies the large
scale scientific studies noted in my enclosed paper "The Case for
the Extraterrestrial Origin of Flying Saucers" will find that the
conclusion that SOME UFOs are ET spacecraft is inescapable . For
example. •USA? Project Blue Book Special Report 14 (essentially
never mentioned in official USAF statements., for obvious rea-
sons) demonstrates that 21.5% of the 3201 sightings investigated
could NOT be identified completely separate from the 9.5% which
were labeled insufficient information. The probability that the
Unknowns were just missed Knowns was shown to be less than 1%. It
was found that the better the quality of the sighting the more
likely to be an UNKNOWN. It is clear that the combination of
appearance and incredible flight behavior rule out an Earth
origin for those pre- 1955 UNKNOWN sightings. If any terrestrial
source could duplicate that flying behavior back then, we earth-
lings would no longer be building F-16,F-17, F-18, MIG 29, Mirage
5 etc aircraft.

The press release which was very widely distributed when BBSR 14
was completed, like your letter, was totally misleading including
this statement by the then Secretary of the USAF "On the basis of
this report, we believe that no objects such as those popularly
described as flying saucers have overflown the United States.
Even the Unknown 3% could have been identified as conventional
phenomena or illusions if more complete observational data been
available." The fact is that the UNKNOWNS were, as noted above,
21.5% of the total, not_ 3%, and were completely separate from the
Insufficient Information cases.

Parenthetically. I should note that it is hilarious for the USAF
over and over again to suggest that ONLY 500 or G00 sightings
couldn't be explained. Fewer than 1% of naturally occurring iso-
topes are fissionable or of chemicals cure diseases, or of people
are 7' tall or of the matter in a ton of good grade gold ore is
gold. Would any rational person say no isotopes are fissionable,
or no chemicals cure disease or none is 7' tall, or the ore is
worthless???                   4
4. Your Paragraph 2 makes this incredible statement. "We are not
aware that any other governmental department or agency other than
the National Archives, possesses any records. pertaining to UFOs."
If the USAF is not so aware, it certainly should be.Let me edu-
cate you. The CIA admitted finding over 900 pages of material
concerning UFOs and'released a list of 57 documents originating
with other agencies, including the State Department and the DIA
and 18 from the NSA. The NSA, when taken to court and forced to
do a search, admitted finding 239 UFO documents with 79     origi-
nating with other agencies including 23 from the  CIA which some-
how hadn't found them when doing its initial search.
Of course the NSA refused to release any of its 190 UFO docu-
ments even to Judge Gerhardt Gesell on the grounds of national
security. Everybody and his brother has been collecting UFO data.
I should add that, as described in the enclosed piece the Cosmic'
Watergate, the CIA also hadn't found the 200 UFO documents refer-
enced internally in the 900 released ones.. none of which were
classified above SECRET. I have been to 15 archives. There should
have been loads of TS material.Also Maxwell AFB had quite a
 number of documents relating to UFOs but NOT part of the Blue
Book system. The US Army had numerous CIRVIS Reports relating to
UFOs. Somebody needs to do some homework.

5. If the Air Force has no unreleased UFO related data, than why
did the USAF•Offioe of Special Investigations instruct its many
units to violate its own procedures should they receive a Freedom
of Information request about UFOs from me? Their memo is en—
closed.The only "reasonable", if unethical reason is the intent
to hide data from the public-. It probably violates all kinds of
rules and regulations.

In summary, Colonel Shubert, an apology is in order to Senator
Murray and the other members of Congress to whom your office
provided such false and misleading information. It is time to at
least get educated about the facts and to stop misrepresentation
to the American People and their elected representatives. I have
my finger on the pulse of the country after all my lectures.
Perhaps you need information from somebody like me who has been
on the hot seat? The GAO should certainly be •given the data about
Roswell. It may well be that you don't know where it is. Perhaps
Majestic 12 or some such organization does? As former President
Nixon found out, misrepresentation to the American People can
eventually have serious consequences.

Most   rdia ly, aand lookin~forward to your response,
                 '
              /. ~/1r -
8 a on . Friedman (CV Enclosed)
Enclosures
CC Senator Patty Murray, Congressman Steven Schiff, others


                                 .S
