{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T07:29:19Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3474757, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121908-kingman-az-1953-ufo-crash-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "2e7c281deda14f4e46c2cdb38365bfb9a12119561eb69dc29cd5bb80f586b0d2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 316, "chars": 2042, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO Report
Fowler 53-2
SIGHTING BACKGROUND (Based on initial input)
Between June 1949 and
January 1960, the witness
held several
engineering and management positions at Wright-Patterson AFB
(WPAFB),
near Dayton,
During the sighting period, he
worked within the Air Material Command (AMC), Installations
Division within the Office of Special Studies headed by Dr.
Eric wang.
The witness' specialties at that particular time
Engineering design of Air
Force engine test cells
and Research and Development of techniques to be used for
determining blast effects on buildings and structures.
also was involved in the design of aircraft landing gear and
became Chief Of Alighting Devices at the Aircraft Laboratory,
Wright Air Development Center.
This position, in turn, led
to positions of Management at WARB and later within the civilian
defense industry. (See Attachment 7 and Attachment 8 for details)
His present employment is with the GTE Sylvania Eastern Division.
At the time of the alleged incident, he was on an assignment at
the Atomic Proving Ground in Nevada. (See Attachment 3/Event Key 1)
Also, refer to Attachment 4, a page from his personal diary.
SIGHTING ACCOUNT (Based on initial input)
PLEASE REFER TO ATTACHMENT 2 and Investigator's Notes below.
INVESTIGATOR'S NOTES (TO ATTACHMENT 2)
I. PARAGRAPH (3)
The witness remembered someone stating that the watches
might be affected by radiation or something. (Magnetism?)
II. PARAGRAPH (4)
A.
It was nighttime when the team disembarked at the crash
area.
The object was about 50 feet from
the bus.
B.
C.
D.
The terrain was hard-packed sand and was not paved.
Two bright spotlights were behind and to the left and
right of the crashed object.
The spotlights were so bright that it was hard to see
the surrounding area.
E.
The hatch or door was curved to correspond with the
curvature of the side of the object.
It was located
20 degrees from what appeared to be
the
aft
end of
the object.
A light inside shined out in such a way
that it prevented people on the outside seeing inside.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 325, "chars": 1918, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO REPORT
Fowler 53-2
The opening was about 3 l/2 feet high and 1 1/2 feet
witness, to hinges or supports were noted from the
vantage point but he felt that it had to be
hinged in someway at the bottom. (See Attachments 5 & 6)
F. • He asked
what material the craft was made of but was
told that such
information was classified.
G.
The rim joining the convex surfaces was darker in
color and
the witness thinks that it was "slotted".
H.
Each person allowed to examine the object was restricte
to just that portion he was studying within the
liscipline of his particular specialty.
gathered from the few snatches of conversation that he
was able to accomplish with others.
I.
J.
About 20 military policemen were guarding the area.
On man allegedly glanced within the door and was
reprimanded.
On the way back to the bus,
to tell the witness about something
strange about the inside of the object but a guard
interrupted and asked them to refrain talking about
the object.
One civilian carried a box with some kind of instrument:
I.
M.
When everybody was back aboard the bus, an Air Force
Colonel,
who directed the operation, asked them to
raise their right hands and take an
oath not to reveal
any aspect of what they had seen and done.
The witness was instructed to write his report in
longhand.
He was told not to type or reproduce his
report.
Upon its completion, he directed to call a
number. He did and the report was picked up by an
Airman.
N.
Total time elapsed at the impact area was about an hour.
III. PARAGRAPH (5)
A.
It was only
after he saw the Colonel in this film,
that he realized he had performed the investigation
for "Bluebook" and that the object was probably not
an experimental aircraft.
B.
Later, he came across and recognized the faces of
two other Air Force officers as having been part of
the investigating party.
1)
One was from the Rome Air Development Center,
Griffiss AFB, Rome, New York.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 235, "chars": 1773, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C.
UFO REPORT
Fowler 53-2
2)
The other officer was from the Air Force Special
Weapons Laboratory at Albuquerque, New Mexico.
(He did not speak to either of them concerning the
incident.)
The "Colonel"
The following telephone contacts were made in an
attempt to identify the Colonel who allegedly directed
the UFO crash investigation.
(May 16 - 18)
1)
Major Donald E. Keyhoe (Retired)
703-743-6772 (Home )
703-743-6909 (Office)
2)
Dewey Fournet (Former USAF Major/Pentegon
who monitored Project Bluebook)
504-766-9393 (Home )
504-348-0131(Office) Ext. 3131
3)
Max Futch (Former USAF Sergeant in Project Bluebook)
(Indirectly, via Dewey Fournet)
4)
J. Allen Hynek (Former Bluebook Consultant)
312-864-1861
5)
David Jacobs (Ph. D Candidate Thesis on History of
Project Bluebook, U. of Wisconsin)
608-255-6887 (Home )
608-262-1234 (University)
6)
Robert Gilbert (Chief of Protocol, Air Material
Command, WAFB during crash time-fram
513-257-6225 (Protocol, WPAFB)
7)
Bernard J. O'Brien (Witness' Project Leader in 1953)
415-326-6200 (Stanford Research Institute/He is
no longer there/will try to locate)
My first thought had been that the Colonel may have
mentioned in Ruppelt's book. (Chapters 9 & 10).
been Colonel Frank Dunn, Chief of ATIC in 1951*™ However,
Dewey Fournet and Max Futch indicated that Dunn had been
and tax pech
replaced by Colonel Harold D. Watson who again was
replaced by General Garland during the crash/time-frame.
David Jacob's meticulous records confirmed this.
Ruppelt
also mentions a Colonel S.H. Kirkland, who was a member of
Colonel Dunn's staff. (Chapter 9)* As of this time, the
identity of the Colonel remains in question. Mr. Robert
Gilbert vaguely remembered being in
the lilm as well
his brother-in-law (witness) mentioning an investigation

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 1936, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO REPORT
Fowler 53-2
of a crashed experimental aircraft.
He would not,
however,
absolutely vouch for either event and could
not remember the name of the Colonel in the film.
He was very polite but one had the feeling
was extremely anxious
the call!
did confirm his brother-in-law's positions at WPAFB
as well as
Dr. Eric Wang having been his supervisor.
•If the movie
alluded to could be located, perhaps,
with a bit of investigation,
the Colonel's name and
position could be identified.
D.
The Witness' brother-in-law (Robert Gilbert)
In addition to the information Mr. Gilbert gave
me, outlined in C. above, he also vouched for the
character of Arthur Stansel.
He said that he was
an excellent engineer and not the type who would
deliberately fabricate a story.
We agreed that
the telephone conversation would be kept confidential
ADDITIONAL WITNESS BACKGROUND CHECKOUT
I.
JEFFERY YOUNG
TELEPHONE CONVERSATION WITH ON MAY 19, 1973
I had tried on
several occasions to contact
Jeff and finally succeeded on the evening of
May 19, 1953.
What he told me certainly
demands an exolanation by the witness, Mr.
Arthur Stansel!
1)
He had taped an interview with Mr. Stansel who
is a good friend of the family.
He had been
completely unaware that Mr. Stansel had been
connected with "Bluebook" until the subject of
his book on UFOs came up.
2)
He told Jeff that he and nine other men had
seen an orange-yellow
glowing UFO from
i the
Atomic Proving Ground in Nevada during "Operation
Upshot-Knothole!
3)
After they were interviewed by Air Force UFO
investigators, all 10 witnesses were re-assigned
as consultants to Project "Bluebook".
4)
5)
He said the Project "Bluebook" was political in
nature and
that some "doubters" were assigned to
the Project as well as "believers" according to
the Project's need.
He told Jeff of the UFO crash investigation!
He said
that it took place in 1954 and that he
at WAFB when he was assigned to investigate

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 335, "chars": 1946, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO REPORT
Fowler 53-2
6)
the crash. (This fits in with what he briefly
told me prior to his looking up certain events
in his diary.
The diary indicates that he
was in Nevada at the time and the date was
May 21, 1953)
He told Jeff that the object was "tear-drop"
shaped rather than disc-shaped which could
fit the description given me.
7)
He told Jeff that the object had "visual sensors"
on both top and bottom which were connected to
TV-like panels inside the craft which displayed
the images recorded by the sensors!
8)
He stated further that there were two "swivel
chairs" inside.
9)
He then told Jeff that l body was found within
the UFO.
It was about 3 l/2 feet tall and was
covered
with a silvery, aluminum-colored suit.
It had a "skull cap"
on and its complexion was
dark.
10)
He said that the Air Force was worried that one
may have escaped and was still in the area or
was or would be rescued by another craft!
The above information was extracted from three-pages of notes
taken by Jeff Young when he interviewed Stansel.
I received
the data via the telephone.
I have not seen these notes but
have persuaded Jeff to xerox them and mail them to me during
the week of May 21-25.
He also will. try to make a copy of
the tape for me.
shall phone him Monday and, if need be,
shall visit his
home and record from his tape personally.
Due
to personal committments already made, I would not be able to
accomplish this until late during this week. I did not want
to involve one of my investigators in this.
If what Jeff Young related to me is true, Mr. Stansel did not
tell me
everything.
Jeff also related
to me that Stansel
gave him written permission to use the material in his book!
This
again contradicts Stansel's insistence that his name be
kept anonymous.
Today is way 20, 1973.
I shall await the
receiot of Jeff Young's data before contronting stansel witt
these newly-discovered facts.
Until then, I have placed
this report "on-hold".
