{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T20:38:36Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 744025, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121903-email-to-dr-steven-greer-january-7-1998-ufo-crash-hummingbird-ranch-ventura-county-ca.pdf", "source_sha256": "7044d134f904c50028797d82c1818eb6915e85c03cb6b88e2295f01805ef1627"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1620, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO:
DATE:
Re:
t
"Steven
M. Greer M.D.", DI_EL
1/7/98 1:45 PM
Possible UFO Crash in Ventura County, CA (a must read)
File
UFO
(osk0s)
Subject: Possible VIo crasii in ventura COunty, CA Ta must ready
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
You might be interested in this and I wish I could give you the exact
month
of this occurrence.
Late one evening between I believe, March 1976
July 1976, there was reported in the Simi Valley Local newspaper that
several motorists and at least two police officers saw a UFO coming
from
the southwest over the Simi Valley Freeway and going northwest,
appeared to
crash at what was termed the Hummingbird Ranch just north of the Simi
Valley Freeway at Kuehner Avenue at the off ramp coming westward into
Simi
Valley at Kuehner. Hummingbird Ranch is the right turn from the
Ireeway
off ramp on Kuehner. A left turn would take one under the freeway
overpass
down Kuehner to Los Angeles Avenue at the signal.
It had to have been in this time frame due to the following incident
which
occurred that night. For obvious reasons, I'd remained silent on
this
incident. At the time, I was a candidate for the 30th Congressional
District of Calif- (Federal level). 'I worked full time in the san
Gabriel
Valley and before and after work, spent my time walking the precincts
distributing my literature. It was quite late, at least after 11:00
PM.
My eldest son, Larry had been honorably discharged from the USAF and
home watching over our 4 minor children. My husband was then on a
, job in
Alaska.
It had to have been a Tuesday night, as the Simi Valley local paper
=1'=

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2221, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
published on wednesdays and this incident of a UFO was reported in'
that
next edition after I'd had my experience.
As I came off the Simi Valley Freeway at the Kuehner offramp for my
home in
, the Golden Valley Estates, southeast of the freeway (east of Kuehner
and LA
Avenue), I made a full stop at the sign on Kuehner. And actually
paused a
moment, perhaps due to thinking something out concerning the campaign
and
the fact it was so late and not necessary to just move along.:
Suddenly, to
my right
I saw a hand with elongated fingers on my passenger side
window
and then a gnome like man's head popped up. He was beating on the
window
pane frantically, and was frightful in appearance. He had an
extremely
long neck (in retrospect, he was much like "ET" but more human
looking and
that movie had NOT been made.). He appeared to be bald, very aged
and
wrinkled and tiny, griome like. I panicked in truth, and gunned the
caI,
turning left on Kuehner and raced home terrified. I didn't know
what I'd
seen but it did not seen human.
I raced onto the driveway, didn't bother to put the car in the garage
(a
Ford Country Squire station wagon) and bolted inside the house
locking the
door and dead bolt. My son seeing the pure panic and fear on my face
asked
me what happened. So, I related it to him. My younger son said that
neighbor was at the time visiting and waiting for me to come home
from
work.
He believed that
was at the house, too! The only
reason
that this came up is that oddly he and I were discussing this only
last
week again.
At any rate, I
suddenly felt that I'd abandoned this individual. And
panicked. I got my 4 small children, my eldest son (who drove), the
neighbor and me back into the car and went up to look for the "old
man" as
I feared I might have knocked him down and injured him. My eldest
a paramedic.
He was not at the offramp of Kuehner but we saw what we
perceived to be lights up on Hummingbird Ranch. So, my son drove the
car
-1..
on up the entrance road to the ranch.:.
Suddenly two armed
soldiers were in front of the car, and aimed the
guns at
us, telling us to stop. We all saw ahead lights flooding the entire
area of the ranch and I mean brighter than any movie set would have.
I

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 377, "chars": 2018, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
worked for years in the IV and motion picture industry and no night
shots
ever had the lighting we saw. It was over whelming. There was
military
all over the place. We were harshly told that we were to turn around
and
Leave immediately. That a picture was being shot there. Now, again,
did not know what to think of 'it, and were all shaking as hard over
this as
I'd shaken over the encounter. We didn't know what to think.
Except for
one thing everyone agreed on that I kept repeating. That I felt I
had to
find the "old man" and get him to the desert where he would be safe
rescued. Now what kind of thought is that?
The next day after, I'd come hone from work, there was on the front
page the
article about the motorists and two officers having seen what they
believed
to have been a UFO crashing at the Hummingbird Rach. That article
be in the papers' archives and it might be worth checking out. As
the more
we all thought about this over the years, the more convinced we all
weIe
that I'd seen an extra-terrestrial. And maybe this one was not
covered up
as well as others have been. The names of the individuals who saw
the UFO
were also printed in the article.
I thought maybe after hearing DI. Steven Greer in part on Art Bell
last
night that he night be
address
interested in this. I've printed your
page, etc. out and as soon as I can will send a donation. I've tried
Find CSETI but just went on line this week and this just helps me a
sharing the information. I've seen UFOs too often, too long and had
some
strange encounters and have met several people who also had very
odd
drove up
there with me) was beaten up by two Simi officers, one whom he knew
front of at least 30 witnesses and for no crime or offense.
paramedic with the local ambulance company and it shocked him. More
shocking was that the officer said it was NOT him, he was not there.
But
‹ my son insisted it looked like him except for HIS EYES didn't seen
like
him. You could not mistake this officer as he is 6 foot 9 inches
tall but
:

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 394, "chars": 2213, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
he repeatedly insisted to me on the Q-I that he WAS NOT the officer
that
beat up
Valley.
it was NOT him and to get my family out of Simi
Four years later, my son
was murdered in Ventura County while
police custody (they said a suicide, but I did get a revised death
certificate after two federal court
t trials) and the FBI showed up at
i in the'
hospital where he lay dying in the coma from the horrid beating, and
told
me "that he (my sori) knew full well what he was getting into when he
"'m
into it with them & years earlier. He knew that it could end this :
[we found on his military records that he'd been given a Gvnt. 6'
security
clearance 2 days before his discharge from USAF] That people
undercover
are often murdered and made to look like a suicide", which it wasn't
why the agent had me watch him physically check my son's body in the
Ioom first. His name was Agent
FBI out of
Westwood,
I have often wondered if there was a correlation to the UFO incident,
cloning or both but did not speak about it out loud, except among the
family. I'd even first wondered if it could have been a body organ
ring or
something like that because I knew it had nothing to do with drugs.
I do know one thing foi certain. I have never, never been able to :
erase
this gnome man's face from my mind. I realize more and more that he
was
more frantic than I was and so terrified. And that he needed help in
capital letters.
Side note: I also had two different growths removed from my body in
recent
years, which were identified by labs (note plural of lab) that the
doctors
found difficult to relate to me. Both had DNA structures of an
insect
infection not known to exist on this earth. The labs were UW, the
Center
for Disease Control, Atlanta, GA, and the USAF labs, where the
doctors sent
the matter to be examined. These were very weird things, abnormal
structure and exceedingly painful until renoved. One was opaque,
milky and
round, very smooth like a marble almost, with about 7 tentacles at
which the doctor said were wrapped around the nerve endings in my
finger
and hand.' The other was some form of spontaneous blister that
became a
flesh eater on my left arm. I had about 3 1/2 inches by 1/2 or
'better deep

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 262, "chars": 1490, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
-
removed from my arm for the labs. Both of these insect infections
were on
the left arm or left hand.
I'm not a nut but it feels better telling at least someone who
believes in
this.
met me briefly right after the arm infection
a
i and
if i
And
husband and I have reported to the UFO hotline very concise sightings "
which
Peter Davenport has called
1 back stating that we were excellent
observers,
and that police and/or credible witnesses had also reported what we'd
seen
and reported. They can't continue to hide these things forever.
Anyone
who believes we jumped from horse and buggy to space without help has
no
brains. It didn't just evolve suddenly out of the blue or it would
have
occurred sooner. And we don't spend the trillions on the space
program to
have a chosen few go out there to play or putts around. That could
accomplished on earth in a simulator at a lot less money: Our world
Joveriments know there is life out there. And they pretty much have
figured out that we are getting smarter about that, and their reasons
waste our money. Hence, we are getting the TV-Movie bombardment of'
whatevers, who are all BAD, to fear and to protéct ourselves from
them.
Thus, the government perpetuates the "we know what's best for you and
protect you! at your expense.":
Hope this has, some value to you.
But thank you CSETI for at least
letting
me get this off my chest to someone who is not a kook and who does
not
think such events are "crazy".
I feel better.
.::!
:
" ""
:
1
