{"created_utc": "2026-08-11T11:15:16Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5711455, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/121952-teardrop-shaped-uso-at-the-great-lakes-naval-station-1973-report-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_sha256": "34c56469c27d810c496fdd7c1adac3e6ecd5641031a0e9e75ac23d2f5a8cd5e2"}

Was a UFO hiding inside a TOP SECRET building at the Great Lakes Naval Station in 1973?

     Reference #73: Within the Stringfield collection was a reference to a UFO which was
allegedly seen at the Great Lakes Naval Station in Illinois. Leonard’s source was UFO researcher
Don Jernigan who stated that he knew a guard (actual identity on file) who was assigned to the
Great Lakes Naval Station in 1973. He was on guard duty outside a remote Quonset style
building in the north-east sector of the base. At one point, he had to deliver a special message to
the commander of operations, and was granted access to the building. Once inside, he was met
by two “burly seebees” who escorted him down a long corridor. This corridor turned left into
another long corridor which led to a big open hangar-like warehouse area. It was from this
section of the building, that he got his first glance at a strange craft. He described it as an oblong
or tear shaped object, approximately ¾ the size of a city bus, or 35 feet in length. The body
tapered to a sharp point at the end, and it had a flat bottom. It was 10 to 15 feet thick at its widest
section, and appeared to have a silver-white colored glow around its exterior. Upon further
inspection, the guard noticed that the glow had a slight “blue tint” to it. The craft had no landing
gear or windows, but a small flange was seen running around its outer surface. The craft was
propped up on a platform, which allowed engineers and naval personnel to get a closer view of
its lower surface. This section of the building was crawling with guards holding drawn weapons.
Was a UFO shot down by the Navy, and stored at the 32nd street Naval Station in San Diego?

    Further evidence to support this bazaar case came from a sailor that the guard met in local bar
in San Diego three months before he arrived in Chicago. After a few beers, the sailor loosened
up, and told him an exotic tale. The sailor told him that he had been on a navy vessel between
San Diego and Hawaii (no date given) when a UFO made a number of passes overhead, before it
was hit by a missile which was launched from the deck of the ship. The impact caused a
malfunction in the craft, and it eventually landed in 350 feet of water. However, the sailor
indicated that no dent was made in the craft due to the missile strike. He also stated that “life
forms” were removed from inside the object. Evidentially, vibrations or impact from the missile
turned the occupants into a “gellified” state. Eventually, the craft was towed all the way to San
Diego for further analysis (presumably at the 32nd street Naval Station). He then drew a sketch
of the craft for the guard. Upon seeing the sketch, the guard told Don Jernigan (source for this
case) that he immediately recognized it as being the same craft that he had seen at the Great
Lakes Naval Station in 1973. Source: Leonard Stringfield dictation notes collection June 16,
1980.
