{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T21:57:00Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 796056, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122077-south-africa-ufo-crash-ref-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "7743fabcd6cd3a7ff31560350159e31b00c01c1a85796657f967b02c6142ca75"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 528, "chars": 3357, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
let to us with a warning to discontinue reporting further
"CLASSIE TOP SORT - DO NOT DIVULGE". Below this was
tetranse occurence...
the wording:-
That corvinced us even more that there was something very
"This file has been classified by Dabafal, information
strange about, the whole affair and we have not been so not to be divulged - Top secret'.
quick to discount uFO sightings since that day'.
The next page again bore the South African All Force
ONCE AGAIN, WE HAVE A GOVERDMENI "OFFICIALLY' NOT
INTERESTED IN UFO, THREATENING A NEHSPAPER IO KADE QUIET
crest and the page was headed "classified top Secret" -
.: ...
Below were
the "-words:
"DEPARTMENT
OF SPECTAL
•IHE• SOUTH AFRICAN AFFAIR
• 'Ine resi
During: the first week in July 1989, I ieceived
intonation, fom a, south sirican source to the effect
"that a UnD„bad been shot down by a South African fighter
DATE:
aircraft 09, the 1th May 1989, and that the object had
crashed in the central Kalahari Desert. The objoct had
SUBJECT:
beings, and taken to a South African Air Force Base, The
of the page was then laid out as follows:
7 May 1989.
Unidentified Flying Object.
Black Horse.
CODE NAME:
South Africans were quickly joined by American Air Force
personnel sho had flown out from Wright Patterson Air
Force: Base, America, A letter from my contact read as
DESTINATIONY:
Air Force Base - Pretoria.
"follows""
DESIGNATED CHANNEL:.
RED/TOP SECRET.
South African Intelligence do not have the facilities or
RESTRICTED ACCESS: • Illuminated Nine.
nosiledge to persue this matter alone. According to the
base comander, it is the third space craft they have
PRIORITY CODE:
.D4
retrieved, in the past ten years over the South African
Continent.!
We were told to keep everything under weaps as
SPECIROM LOT:
Blue.
"it may cause panic in an orthodox religious country. 'Iney
told us that they would keep us informed as to any
DEFENCE COMPUTER PASS CODE - PROCEED WITH CALLION
further developenents.
The following page read as follows: INDIE - A ASTERIX*
"I hope that this letter reaches you in one piece because. INDICATES CHANGE
if it is intercepted I will be in a great deal of
RESEARCHERS]
OF TAE/PLACE IRSERLED
IX OR
trouble. Please let me know as soon as you receive it.
Unfortunately we were not alloved to take cameras inside
'At 13.45 QI on 7 May 1989 the naval frigate White Swan
with us for obvious reasons'.
* radioed Cape Iown to report an unidentified flying
object had appeared on radar scopes, heading towards the
"I au sending you some goverment copies of the briefing
ores seperately. 1 wont be able to sign my tame o
ddress to accompany these documents in case the lette
is intercepted'
A couple of weeks later, I received a package from south
Africa containing a letter and five pages of a briefing
document. The first document carried the South African
'Air Force. crest at the top of the page, and was headed:
* THE JOURNAL OF UFO INVESTIGATION
African Continent in a North Westerly direction at a
calculated speed of 5746 nautical miles per hour. Naval
headquarters acknowledged and confimed that the object
was also being tracked by air-born radar, military ground
radar: installations and the Civil Airport.
"The object entered South African air-space at 13.52 GMI.
Radio-contact was attempted with object, but all
comunications proved futile.
Ag a result
tho armed
PAGE 3
"Fort

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 581, "chars": 3929, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ra figaters were scrambled, a short time later the
ject suddenly changed course at great speed shich would
lave been! impossible for corventional aircraft to
At 113.59. GMI, Squadron Leadar Jones * the pilot of the
eading fighter reported that they had radar and visual
, sonfirmation of the object. Ihe order was given to arm
und fire the experimental aircraft-mounted Ihor 2 Laser
amon. This was done.
Squadron Leader. Jones reported that several blinding
Flashes 'eminated from the object which had started
vavering whilst heading in a Northerly direction. At
14.02 it was reported that the object was decreasing
altitude at a rate of 3000 feet per minute. Then at speed
it dived at an angle of 25 degrees and impacted in desert
• terzain, 80 miles North of the South Atrican Border with
Botswana, identified as the central Kalahari desert.
Squadron leader "Jones was instructed to circle the area
until a retrieval. team arrived. A team of Air Force
Intelligence Officers, together
with medical
cecimical staff were promptly taken to the area of impact
for investigation and retrieval. The findings were as
Herimeter sbowed 1% unevenly apaced, Ilyn Wake Ourer
surface oval shaped portboles.
SOURCE OF PROPULSION: Daknows - Pending labaratory
results..
NOTES:
1 hydraulic type landing gear was fully depLoyed
suggesting that electronic malfunction had caused the
object to crash. This may have been due to the thor i
...Jaser canon being fired at the craft.
While the investigation team observed the object at th
Air Force Base & loud sound was beard. It was then note.
that a hatch or entrance on the lower side of the craf
had opened slightly and appeared to be stuck. Thi
opening was later forced with the use of bydrauli
pressure equipment.
PAGE FOUR
b) Various objects inside the craft were taken fi
analysis. Results still pending.
1) A crater of 150 metres in diameter and 12 meteres in
depth.
c) The craft has been placed in a sterile environment.
MEDICAL REPORT ON HUMANOID ENTITIES
'2) A silver coloured disc shaped object 45 degrees
embedded inside of crater.
ORIGIN: Unkoown - Suspected extraterrestrial.
".ti
3) Around the object sand and rocks were fused together
HEIGHT: 4-4.5 ft.
"by the intense beat.
COMPLEXION: Greyist blue - skin texture smooth, extrene
i4) An intense magnetic and radioactive environent around
resilient.
• the object; resulted in electronic falure in air force
equipment.
HAIR: Totally devoid of auy bodily hair.
5) The
object was eventually moved to an air force base
HEAD: Oversize in relation to human proportions. kali
for further investigation.
craniun with dark blue markings extended around head.
6) The terrain of inpact was filled with sand and rubble
to disguise all evidence of the event having taken place.
CE: Prominent check bodes.
EYES: Large and slanted upwards towards side of face.
i PAGE THREE (CRAFT SPECIFICATIONS)
pupils seen.
"Then following are "gpecifications as i indicated
NOSE: Small consisting of two nostrils.
preliminary investigation at the Air Force Base.
" MOUTH;, Small slit devoid of lips.
TYPE OF CRAFT: Unkown. - Suspected Extraterrestrial.
*JAN Small in relation to buman proportions.
ORIGIN: Unionown - Suspected Extraterrestrial.
EARS: None observed.
i IDENTIYLABLS
•MARKINGS: Noce - Curious insignia forged sin
finto metal on side of crait.
NOOK: Very thin in relation to human proportions.
DIMENSIONS:
PYARS: long and this reaching just above onces.
* Length - 20 Yards approx.
• HANDS: Consisting of 3 digits, vebbed, claw like nail:
Height"= 9.5 Yards approx.
a Weight 50,000 kilograms approx.**
TORSO: Chest and abdomen covered in scaley ribbed stu
MATERIAL: DE CONSTRUCTION: Unknown - Pending further
HIPS: Small narrow.
Labaratory results: Outer surface of object
flawless
polished, i smoöthi
silver colour. No 'visible seans noter
LS: Short and thirs
inside ol on outer surface of craft.
* PAGE 4
THE JOUFNAL OF UFO INVESTIGAT!
t4-t0947-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 759, "chars": 4777, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TALS: No exterior sexual organs.
Coating of three toes, to nails and webbed.
NOTOS: Due to aggresive nature of humanoids, no samples
oi blood or tissue could be taken. (Ode humanoid attacked
Doctor cauging deep scratching on face and chest) then
offered various foods, refused to eat.
Method of camunication not known - suspected telepathic.
Humanoids are being kept in detention at level 6 of Air
Force Base, sir
One way passage has been requested for both humanoids to
Wright Patterson Air Force Base ISA for more advanced
investigation and research.
" 4, PAGE FIVE (CONCLUSIONS)
.:*.
1) No conclusion has been reached. Araiting results of
investigations..
"B): The object and humanoids will be moved to Wright
Patterson: AFB, for more advanced investigation and
research.
C. Fate of passage - 23 June 1989.
* 3301434
NOLDS: Conclusion remaias, open ended.
This file contains initial findings of preliminary report
and further details are expected after completion of
investigations in South Africa and Wright Patterson AFB
USA!.
A DRAWING OF THE HOMANOIDS AND THE ALIEN CRAFI DERE
ATTACIED ID THR HAIN REPORT.
public in the firm belief that not disclosing it would '
an act of treason to the rest of mankind.
"This file contains infomation with regards to uy o
personal involvenent as part of a recovery team of twen
three South African Intelligence and security person
who were involved in a covert Iop Secret operation wi
Iegard to the recovery of a crashed Tnidentified Flyi
Object and live Alien Entities from the Kalahari Dese
on the 7th May 1989.
"This file also contains details of my later involven
as part of a joint operational team of American Militi
Intelligence Persomel from Wright Patterson Air Fos
base numbering seven, and five South African Air Fol
Intelligence persomel who assisted in the recovery :
transportation of the object to XXXXXXX, ALt FOI
Base, for the examination, study and dispatch of the 1
and two alien entities to Wright Patterson Air
• Fo:
base, Daton, Onio, ISA. on the 23ad June 1999,..
The facts given in this file as to the solution to t
problem are absolutely true..
I am ready and willing to take any lie detector t
•which is arranged by any reputable person, and which
conducted by a qualified, neutral person who is not
and has never been euployed by, of comected with
Coverment in any capacity'.
AT THIS STAGE HE WERE INFORMED THAT THE OBJECT HAD ALSO
BEEN TRACKED BY NORAD (American Air Defence Radar) AS IT
HAD ENTERED THE ALMOSPHERE.
A file was compiled of questions and answers given by
informant which when completed ran to nearly fifty
pages. Every detail of the incident was recorded and
marmoth investigation into this incident was started
DI Henry and myselt.
At this time telepbose contact was made with anot
At a later date our infomant met with Dr Henry Azadehdel
serving South African Air Force Intelligence Officer i
and nyself in England and supplied us with a great deal
.. very thigh security clearance. Conversations made i
of information about the crash, including names of
this person revealed that he was aware of the TED c
Anerican and South African Officers who were involved in
incident and that he had access to four 8" x 10" offic
the incident,, and those of civilian personnel, anongst
black and white photographs of the aliens and the cir
them scientists fion both countries.
and also a fifty pagertelex message sent from Wr
Batterson Air Force base "to"South Africa gi
He also wrote and signed the following statenent:
instructions regarding the recovery and bundling of
cocoa am a member of the south African Air Force
incident. *.
Intelligence, Special Investigation Department, my home
He said that he was willing to let us have copies of
L9wXXXXXXXX, South Africa."I hereby swear that th
photographs and telex, but would have to do it in his
'file, code name Black Horse which is attached contain
way because he; would be täkingra terrible risk. He a
inforuațion which I give of my own free will and without
for certain information from ug in exchange, for
duress. Although "I have signed five documents of the
photogcaphs.: Mearwhile'" a "telephone call "was" made
Official Secrets Act in South Africa on the 7th May, 1989
XXXXXXXXXX, Air Force Base, South Africa, requestin
and the 29th July 1989, in which clear wamings
were
speak to squadron Leader Jones. The call was put thr
given to me with
regards to the consequences for
"and the following conversation took place
revealing infomation relevant to, this.- top secret.
* pot is 2209,,
operation, and that any disclosure of this information
QUEST: "Is that Squadron Leader Jones."
would be considered an act of treason against South
Africa. I decided to disclose this information to the
REPLY: "Yes it.
THE JOURNAL OF UFO INVESTIGATION
PA

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 731, "chars": 4250, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TIlis 19
o, America, leeral want speaking from Wright
During this period, our infoment was staying with Do
Henry and the following day after the calls to wright
patterson, a call was received at his home. It cana itor
""Yes Sir."'
South Africa and the caller asked to speak to ou
informant. He was put on the line and the person at th
Listen Squadron Leader, I am confused, I have the '
other end was heard shouting.
Horse file in front of me and it doesn't say how
sires you fired at the object."
When the call was finisted our informant was visibly
shaken and very frightened. he told de henry that to
""Who did you say was speaking six."
caller had been Ceneral XXXXXXXX of South Africar
Intelligence who had stated that the authorities were
"This is General Grant from Wright Patterson,
aware that he had passed information to us. He bad beer
y Squadron Leader it's a straight forward question,
ordered back to South Atrica, to report directly to b
ny times did you fire at the darn thing."
office of the General, where he would face very seriou
consequences.
al tired once Bit,
so onto another telephone ou hang on second
Meanwhile,
out contacts in the American Military
established that a state of alert called "Detenc
'That woa't be necessary Squadron Leader, you have
Conditions' had been created in a specific section a:
ed my question."
wright Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Grio, on th
date that the UFO was due to arrive. It appeara tha
nese alerts are always xept at low key to avoid: t
usual press curiosity.
During this tine, our informant had, produced a Centra
, Defence Intelligence pass card bearing his photograp
, gave him access to the base.
+*"*
marry telephone calls wer
Arousbout our enquiries De lenty fian south Africa
received at the home of
Intelligence and from the south African Embassy, Som
calls were received in the middle of the night. Har
conversations took place in Afrikaan, the south Attaca
language, these ware recorded. At a later date the tepe
were interpreted, they confirmed that this matter wa
indeed causing a great deal of trouble in South Africa
Our source who had promised the photographs and tele
nessage also telephoned and spoke in Afrikan to ou
contact staying with Ir Henry, this was also recordsd.,
In that conversation, he states that he is frightene
because the authorities are aware of what has been goin
MIRAGE IN ATTACK MODE
WaS
ined
then made with NORAD in America and access
the
tracking
department
where
ion was held with the officer in charge IThis
Dion was also recorded). Conputer iecords were
services were supposed to low where he wotked and th
and it was revealed that an object was tracked
our source trad
Iet him down badly by. Learing.
towards the African.
sie co are a pete to me age da far atiar elopies calls were ado to boat sat
ben' asked what the object was they stated that
Africa and the United States and one call made to t
tamow but assured that it could have been a
Office of Special Investigation
got the followi
response after Dr Henry asked for infomation regardi.
the incident in South Africa:
tterson dir Force base was then contacted on a
telephone line to the Office of Scientific
ence. Contact was made with a person who had been
present in South Africa at the
of the DEO This conversation was recorded]:
was pointed out to him that we were aware of the
South Africa and of his presence at the
he was obviously shaken and took some time.
Sente then stated that he was not involved in the
and refused to speak any further. His office was
dragain the next day by telephone when another
raswered the phones hhen we asked to speak with
man we had spoken to the previous day,
a had gone an present to teen
OSI: "I appreciate your" interest in this matter, "but
have no knowledge of this particular incident.
I C
neither confirm or deny that it happened. Ibere are sa
places on here who I can contact, and find out, but y
lave"to realise Doctor, that I work for the Military a
even if. this incident did take place I wouldn't be at
to admit it to you."
De Henry: "I have receival this infonnation, from hig
ranking
South African Intelligince sources.
My on
interest is scientific.
I have been working an th
subject for many years."
THE JOURAL OF UFO IMESTIGATIO

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2173, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SOUTH AFRICAN I
AIR FORCE
PART OF THE VARIOUS SOUT
AFRICAH DOCUMENTS SUPPLIED B
QUEST'S. INFORMANT.
AN EYE WITHESS WHO ASSISTED II
THE RECOVERY
OF
THE
FORWARDED THESE DIAGRAHS DI
TWO ALIENS AND CRAFT. [HOTI
INSIGHIA. -
IT IS
ALMOS
IDENTICAL TO THAT SEEN BY 1
POLICE OFFICER IN SOCCORO, HE
MEXICO]
THIS FILE HAS LEEII CLASSIFIED DY D.A.F.I.
INFORHATION HOT TO BE DIVULGED - TOP SECRET
AHEN BEINAS HELD AT SECRET AFE IN SOUTH-AFRICA LE
At 13H45 GIT on 7 Hay 1989 the naval frigata •
radioed Cape Town navi
haadquarters to report an unidontified flying objoct that appearad on radar scopas, readli
towarde the African continent in a north neatorly direction at a calculatoo spand of 57.
nautical niles par hour.
laval headquartars acknowladged.. and confirned that object y.
dito tricked by air-borne radar, military ground radar inatallations and DoF. Hal.
International alrport at Capo Torn.
The objoct antared South African air space at 13H52 GHT. Radio contact war attomat
with objact,.
but all conmunications to objact proved, futila, Valhalla air sorco dasa,"
notified and two arnod Mirage FIIO fighters wora scrambled. Tha object suddenly chang
course at great spend ahich would be impossible for military aircrats to dupliczia.
At 13H59 GKT squadron leader
roportad that thuy had radar and yitli
confirnation of the objoct. The ordar wãs givon to ara and fira Ina axportaantal aircra
mount od
thor 2 laser canon at objoct. Thin was done.
Squadron
leador
roportod that suvural blinding flashes uninatad fron
ObjOCt.
The object stariod havering whilst 6tfl) heading In & northerly directlon.:
14H02 it was reportad that the objact was decroasing altitude at a rato pf 3000 teasi!
DinUID..
Than at great spoed it divad at an anglo of 25 dogrees and impacted' in dest
tarrain aoke
north of south
African border withi
Botsrana, idantifiad as the cantr
Kalahart Desert.
Squadron
leadar
Has Instructed to
circle
Ihe
aran unt!!
ratreival of the objoct was completo. A toan of alrtorco intelliganca officars, BOSEEI
#ith medical and technical staff wore promptly taken to area of impact for invest
and retreival.
INSIGNIR ON SURFAGE OF LRAFT
0 0 0
OBECT OBUECT THIS IN DIAMERR

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 469, "chars": 2830, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FERSON AIR FORCE BASE IN OHIO, USA, IS THOUGHT TO HAVE HOUSED AT LEAST THREE RECOVERE
DENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS - INCLUDING, THAT "DOWNED' BY THE SOUTH AFRICAN AIR FORCE.
Bulidino 18 al Wright-Patiorzon Air Forco Base,
his would have on the public if I confirmed your ' We informed the [then]
The Hilitary
can not confina or otherwise
this
that our
contact
bac
telephoned and spoken to these people from the bans of
of information," »
Henry (which were also Iecorded). They were mable
It was later made to a Doctor in South Africa who was
answer these questions, but stated they would look is
yo to have been present at the retrieval.
the matter IA person would have to be very naive
expect the South African Enbassy to admit that our sou
say: "I understand you have been involved with UFOs.
was an intelligence officer].
There is of course aiw
sаne year.
the possibility that our source is not an intellige
officer.
That does not alter the fact that our prita
"i "'Yes, but I retired two years ago."
source of infomation
and
still is a serv.
military intelligence officer - vith a very high secur
ery of the der wich crashed in the kalaari desert
Clearance.
fiex this year?"
TIS IS TO OUR CEYTAIN KNOTLEDGE AND THE MAJOR BEASON I
"I can speak I sadue on televisin shore
DE CANDI REVEAL A FURTHER ABONDANCE CE INECEMITIA
TITIS SINCE OF OOR RESEARCIES.
HE ARE HOT PREPARED
DENI
REGARILESS OF SEAT
DEPIONE FAS ISEN FUI DORY! * RECORDED
AGAR COMES SAY
cader contact in England -
* ustin
and his wife,
have sworn
chie
Our current inforuation from a South Africa contact
lives! of their young children that the facts
revealed: "Ire is absolute bell let loose bere it
ping tos the incident
'And after the imment,"
sereninds-by the'i South African
authorities
oIt source
we contacted the London embassy and
I REPEAT, DE DO NOT KNOW ME FULL, SIORY AT THIS IDE
them that if any harm should befall our contact -
AM PASSING THE FACIS TO YOU AS ME RECEIVED TEN THAT
family, ve vould release information given to us
ARE MELARED IO IELTEVE OR IDI,
IS A YUTIER IRI
ch-would cause their goverment severe enbarrassment.
UNSCIENCE. HE ARE STILL. TORXING ON THIS CASE AND TO
aere informed that our source was not an intelligence
ASK ANY POISON INCUMING INTELLIGENCE SOURCES (RID
desk in trant of had mi core renord actually an
KNOW READ TILS MAGAZINE) HID COULD ASSIST,: DO COTT
OCANISATION, IN TOTAL OOFIDENCE
sated how was it possible that a his ranking military a 2 CONG REST A MIT,
Bicer had telephonad our source at the hone of Dr Henry
treatened hunt He also informed Ithem that we had
THAT A CREAT MANY PEOPLE ARE INTO
ICUDIG
INDIGENCE, SERVICES.
recorded all the conversations and gave then '
tie
Diot the officers concerned.".
INCUIDING THE GENERAL
CHARGE, DE SOUTH APRICAN INDELLIGENE.
• COPYRTOI: QUEST INTERNATIONAL, FUELICATIONS ID 1989

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 764, "chars": 4486, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* QUEST INTERNATIONAL CONTENT
compromise security sources who have cooperated with
then.
Id and De Beary Azadebdal have worked tirelessly
i case over the last four months and are to be
aded for their efforts in attempting to discover the
pring to docover the
ourrounding ona of tho possible scenarios:-
Iet us therefore accept, that for the tims baing et
east, the South African case 1s likely to receive a
mixad reaction from the UPO commity vorld wide, lat us
also however, accept the premise that there is to snake
this is by far the largest disinformation exercise
without fire.
punted by the intelligence services of at least
Mantions, or it is the best evidenca to date that a: It the outset of this remarkable enquiry, I placed a
an crashed, and been retrieved.
telephone call to the South African Embagsy, 2ad was
given details about one of the sources of our
Nace unquestionably flaws to be found, not least
information. It was made clear to me that they dida!t
1 the documents themselves. There are basic gramar
place muct credence to his allegations, but call it a
in but sot many. The Salator, crest sanchow doesn't
slip of the tongue or whatever, I was told down the phose
ring true, and both Mark Birdsall and I addressed
that he had the military file of that sane person on the
and otber points to the South African source when
desk in front of him.
for the first tine.'
The "Hales an Sunday" newspaper are reported to have beer
entity badges which are alleged to emenate from the
ment of Detence ali Monason, 100k the part, but' as
Good pointed out at conference 89, they too have
comment. Hast they don't tell us, is that the priacipa.
sources of our infomation resides in South Africa. ao
Istaal, and havs never travelled to the ünited Kingdom ti
Impart information on the case.
And then,
there are the remarkable telephon
use the term 'Aeronautics" - the badge had
nautic'. Bobin Lindsey, who travelled from
arough to attend Conference, noted that the name
ti had been spelt 'Calahari' on the briefing
nt itself.
conversations with key figures involved in this affair
They tell even the post biased figures that sorethin
vitally inportant has taken place. The recordings are al
the more remarkable when one considers that it i
extremely unlikely that senior heads of the intelligenc
community in South Africa would go along with the action
las can be ascertained, no-one in the west is aware
ot Two laser cannon, and there are doubts over the
is contiguration type mentioned which is alleged to
not: down the UFO. My own research into the frigate
ses.
First, picked up the UPD on radar also threw up
of a 'con-man', witbout regard to their ova position.
He also have the telling documants prepared by official
at Wright Patterson which were given to our Uk source s
that it would appear he had been working for th
Anericins during the last several years. A history of
completely talse perial of
wOIk
• at maero
pelements of the case,
very much bordering on the
five, have been addressed by Tony Dold and De Henry.
establishments had been given to bim, a unique "cover
for any enquiring minds who may challenge him once in It
ssure me, that through intelligence sources, such a States.
espon does exist, but that it uses a different
'attack to that associated with a conventional"
There are also the naves, and ranks of rumerous officia
and civilians that has been pagsed to our reseachers.
ask you,
given that we have taped conversations l
frigate in question, also exists, but is highly
several of these wro have confirmed their bouledge i
t and kept out of the public eye by the south
the case, would it be prudent at this stage to reveal a
a Naval forces.
we know?
da for the negative sides to this event.
polt envy either of our reseurchers in the ensuing
tha, because a number of UFO organisations appear to
taken a stand on this case, and begun to label it a
Tony. Dodd and Di Henry cannot reveal all the
ace to hand at this moment in time because to do so
detract from the on going investigation, and
ME JOURNAL OF UFO INVESTIGATION
Finally, there is the other telling supportive eviden
•I a major event taking place in south Attica h
completely indepenient souroes. One week prior
Conference 89, Hurry Harris spoke with Iony Dodd a
asked him to confirm dates of a UFO crash in South Afri
which had been reported to him by an Israeli intelligen
source. Ihe dates of the crash and passage of the UFO
Wright Patterson were identical - it was the first ti
€ PASE

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2499, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Batty had spoten with Jony on the matter, and until disinfomation, because thera are Inarous: se
toeing press releases of Conference in the local madia,
agencies involved, Henevar you hava daalings batta
soateining saippets of nesis about a South African
United States, Isral and South Africa, you rust
incideat, be had so otter knovlodgo on tia casu.
with caution, and the political implications at so
been uncovered trus in are enormous.
Sebre interestingly, when va travellod to Frakfurt in
september, one leading American rescarcher confimed to: Do sot at the same tina, disalas tha to crasa:
1 Tary and wyself that an intelligerice source had pointed
and retreival as mera fignents of one-an's Lagi
nio in the directica of a major lED event having taksi
for that is simply not the case either, the te
place in south sfilca, and that the smerican goverment'
there are sumerous agencies and real people
were up to their nocks in shady dealings with Pretorin.
here.
Mallove me when i say, that both Tony Dodd and De Matry
tave a fantastic mountrin of evidence on this case which
bas. not ever been touched upon at public meetin.
or in
tba media. Io call sons of that evidence 'sensitive"
would be a vast understatement.
Insould say that at this moment in tine, one can rule our
ibox, and most respected ltD researchers on both sides
of the Atlantic, who have beau privy to much of the data,
that
opinion.
DO
not however, iule out
So it is to Iony Dodd and It Henry that we look
to for further revelations on this encounter, sod.
important and exciting developents that, have r
aince this esse first evolved, take no mistake du
real progress is being nade, both at home and abicard
sone of the revelations we hope to bring to you th
INTERNATIONAL, will be worth waiting for.
G.R. Hindsal1
1. =7.*
¡C."
ISLAND
ISLAND SKYWATCH
164-22 77th ROAD
FLUSHING, NY 11366
HOTLINE (718) 380-8644
A NOTE, OF INTERESI...
Quest International has authorized ISLAND SKYWATCH to be their
EXCLUSIVE
representatives in the Unitel States. All material
contained within this booklet and all material distributed by .
QUEST is the sole and exclusive property of ISLAND SKYWATCH
(in the U.S.) and may oNly be sold or distributed (within the
I.S.) for the purpose of raisiny funds for I.S. special projects.
If you have any questions about the South African Case, please
Cal1 BILD NELD (L.S. spokesperson) at (713) 380-8644.
LOOK FOR FUTURE VIDEO TAPES ABOUT THIS AMAZINE CASN! CAL
• SLAND SKYVATCH EOR MORE INFORMATION.":
