{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T13:34:27Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 29, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1458682, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122023-roswell-nm-col-corso.pdf", "source_sha256": "372fae8c7271412ee0b57935e4b8ec6205a89a3998dd72187c38ec56c830d874"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3535, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Suddenly i was feeling exceedingly confident but greatly overwhelmed at the thought of whom
it was, precisely. I was now corresponding with. .1s promised a short four days later, on September
5,1997 the response to my initial letter arrived, handprinted on yellow lined paper, certainly original
and no copy of ansthing. I was forearmed with the knowledge that Philip J. Corso had been given
responsibility to oversee the Army's Foreign Technology Desk of their Research And Development
Section. basically checking out the competition's weaponry, defense systems, etc. whether it be
friend or foe. This was from 1961-1963, and his longtime mentor and superior, Lieut General
Arthur Trudeau, informed Corso of additional responsibility for the aforementioned Roswell
materials.
Some of Corso's previous duties had included service as a National Security Advisor to
President Eisenhower, he'd also served under General Douglas MacArthur in several capacities, and
later had represented Senators Richard Russell and James O. Eastland on the Warren Commission
investigating the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. Senator Strom Thurmond had hired
Corso as a staff aide upon the Colonel's retirement from the military but controversy ensued
following the release of "the Day After Roswell" years later. A glowing Foreword to the book
written by Thurmond was later disclaimed by the Senator since he, as the story goes, had written it
for a book that was to be titled "I Walked With Giants" chronicling Corso's many noble military
experiences and the high level people the Colonel worked with; instead the book primarily covered
the Colonel's claimed "secrer" duty of involvement with L'FOs. I of course asked Col. Corso about
this, and he'd written that the "fuss" had been started by a rember of Thurmond's current staff rather
than Thurmond himseif; Corso further stated he and the Senator were still on very good terms and
the staff member had since been fired
With guarded feelings I decided to see if lightning would strike twice so to speak.I sent the
Colonel a second letter including my first two Roswell papers and an advertisement for one of my
previous presentations. I also respectfully requested that the Colonel read and critique the papers.
given his potentially immense position of inside information on Rossell and who knows what else?
1 dispatched this package on a Saturday by L'SPS Express Mail. then waited. Two mornings
later he called me at my place of business, and after I expressed my appreciation for his call. here's
what I heard:" I read both your papers and I liked them but there are things you don't know abour. so
when you're ready for your third paper (as I'd indicated prior intent) call me and I'll fill you in.
Here's my number..
".
As if this dream isnt long enough already, mine's coming in "chapters."
Around this time, my MUFON friend Diane Stavaris faxed me an advertisement for an
upcoming lecture at Rutgers University- New Brunswick Campus, given by the internationally
honored environmentalist, reporter and researcher Linda Moulton Howe. I had respected her very
highly since seeing her Emmy Award winning documentary film "A Strange Harvest", concerning
the animal mutilation phenomenon (primarily but not restricted to cattle) that had exploded
worldwide in the mid 1960s and beyond. I possessed my own video copy courtesy of another fellow
government employee John Leo. He had offered me his taped copy in consideration of my
paranomial interests, and I accepted it gratefully:
- +

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 597, "chars": 3636, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Since portions of her lecture were advertised as Roswell related, I thought Ms. Howe might like
to have a copy of my letter from Col. Corso: I sent it to her lecture sponsor along with my papers
and the initial letter prompting the Colonel's response.As it turned out, Linda and Col. Corso had
met and become friends while in Roswell during the 50th Anniversary festivities along with other
dignitaries. Linda obtained a sizeable audiotape interview with the Colonel while they were in New
Vexico: nevertheless. Frontier Research Seminars President and Physicist Art Wagner told me
Linda was" interested" in what I'd sent her.
A few days later Art invited me and anyone of my choosing to a private dinner party in Linda's
honor on the night prior to the Rutgers lecture. My in law Rhea Cobb and Diane Stavaris
accompanied me to the party numbering about eleven people. One woman was an authoricontactee.
another woman claimed to be an abductee. Linda's conversations with the former were stunning and
quite mesmerizing to the rest of us: on our retum trip from the Somerset NJ restaurant Diane, Rhea
and I actually felt as if some brand new world had just made its presence known to us, as astonished
a te pare bo bad the nor open out beided peace being iry in slate.
light of my embarassment at being late by joking "sorry, we were abducted" to a group I later
learned included two "experiencers"... certainly an auspicious debut on my part.)
The lecture one day hence was quite provocative and informative, and our small North Jersey
contingent was joined by my sister Joy and colleague Len Pretko for the Rutgers avent. A brief
portion of the lecture was later televised on the NJ-Channel 12 News.
Linda Woulton Howe and I soon became friends in part due to a shared goal, that being further
personal contact with Colonel Corso. For Linda any future meeting with the Colonel would be
renewing a previous and valued friendship. For me it would be nothing short of a remarkable "first"
just to even thank him for opening up to me. More than that, however, Linda and 1 speculated on the
possibility of seeing him together, but could we pull it off? Due to a Corso family problem that
towards the end of 1997 was making interaction between the Colonel and any "outsiders" extremely
difficult, we decided to hatch a little conspiracy of sorts. I phoned Col. Corso and said I'll be
vacationing in his home area in early December, and could I possibly stop in just to shake his land.
thank him and perhaps chat a while? Col. Corso was most engaging to the idea, so he agreed and
we then worked out a tentative meeting date and schedule without prior knowledge that his friend
Linda Hone would be visiting as well.
Our little plan worked to perfection. Prepared for some contingencies, I met this unique man at
a restaurant near his residence. and moments later Linda followed me in. Watching these two
wonderful people reunite was exhilarating, knowing full well I'd contributed. Feeling somewhat
miniscule and gigantic at the same time, I forgot all thoughts of my Newark Airport departure
having left ninety minutes late, upsetting the timing of our intentions. No matter, wa were all here,
and I was feeling "higher" than any Mogul balloon had ever reached!
My specific preparation for the meeting had been an expeditious re-reading of "The Day After
Roswell": the listing of a series of questions both of my own and also supplied by researcher Robert
Coniglio (a Connecticut gentleman I'd met at the Friedman lecture six months earlier) and an
uncompleted reading of UFO debunker Philip Klass' new work "the Real Roswell Crashed Saucer

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 602, "chars": 3738, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Cover-Up". (The latter, an acknowledged "skeptic's" work would, I surmised, provide balance to iny
UFO research, or so i thought.)
We began at 8:45 Ali on Thursday December 4,1997. No photos were taken nor were any
recording devices used. at least none we kuew of.
Colonel Corso's very first comment concerned the Philip Klass book he'd spotted in my
briefcase amongst other materials. "Klass..." he muttered dismissively, making Linda and I
immediately take notice. Do you know him, we asked, to which the Colonel responded, "That guy
can attack me in the media, newspapers, TV, any way he wants to....but he'll never attack me face to
face", Why, we asked". "Because"
" the Colonel continued "he knows that I know he was in the CIA
for a time". I for one was startled at this statement. I and Linda and many of the world's UFO
enthusiasts would likely have suspected such an allegiance all the while despite Klass' long repeated
deniais of same; yet it Corso's accusation were true it would provide an entirely different purpose to
Klass' career attempts at "alternative explanations" (read it to mean complete discrediting) of alleged
UFO encounters.
(Weeks later in a phone conversation I reiterated to the Colonel my concerns regarding the
accuracy of the CIA-Klass "connection". Corso replied affirmatively-again-and added "look, back in
those days it was part of my job to know such things". The phrase "back then" may have been a
reference to Corso's post svar duty in Italy. Even today he is still considered a national hero there for
his sork in greatly reducing the influence of the communists. ex-Nazis and organized crime in
Rome: however I let the inference stand at face value. In any case, if Corso could substantiate the
CIA clain, Klass' credibility would be at serious risk since he'd have lied about his personal
background for decades. As such, correctly or not he would be stamped an "agenda" debunker still
detennined at all costs to dismiss UFOs, but now in behalf of an Intelligence Agency of the U.S.
Government. I'll definitely be pursuing this subject further in the future.)
Linda Horre brought with her the working manuscript for her third book "Glimpses Of Other
Realities Vol. II:High Strangeness", since released. Howe was requesting legal clearance from Corso
to use quotes of his in the book. Having finished Linda's "An Alien Harvest" and currently splitting
time on her "Glimpses Of Other Realities Vol.I;Facts And Eyewitnesses" with the new Klass effort, I
was most eager to discover what the new "Glimpses" would offer. The three of us were perusing the
test checking different maps, chapter headings and varied subjects and I reminded Linda that her
new book was to include a computer simulated graphic of a real UFO, supplied her by a confidential
military source." When tre checked out the graphic on page 33 Colonel Corso immediately placed a
straightened finger on the page and blurted out "That's what I saw near Roswell'"' (Note: Corso
later indicated his personal UFO encounter took place sone ten or more years after the Roswell
Incident while he was a Missile Battery Commander in the Red Canyon area of New Mexico.)
We made the Colonel aware of some concens over real or perceived errors in his book. One
area of discussion regarded his comments on the makeup of the Nike missile, and another was the
lack of a bibliography or supportive documentation for his story. Corso looked at us and said 'I've
enly read two UFO books in my life, one by Linda and one by (Dr.) Jacques Valle. Hell, I didn't
need to read anything else " implying his working L'FO kurowledge was more than a sufficient
substitute for conventional research. (Neither interviewer was about to dispute the implication.)

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 622, "chars": 3778, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Corso also wanted us aware that the final manuscript for his book went into print before he ever had
the chance 1o proofread it, one matter among several currently causing legal difficulties.
Linda suggested Colonel Corso's full story be videotaped for posterity, believing his spoken
word would carry even greater weight than the written one. Corso noted not only had he not made
"plenty" of money on his book as the debunkers were saying; he'd actually lost money, not having
been paid anything for the book combined with current legal entanglenients and the costs of same. I
was not actively involved in this portion of the meeting, but I listened attentively and was promised
the opportunity to attend the future videotaping session. Linda hoped that following the resolution of
his present legal matters the Colonel could then pursue the proposal. As of May 1998, no such
project had begun.
Colonel Corso surprised us by revealing he was working on a new manuscript for a second
book, this one free of embellishments or a co-author, and he offered to send rough copies to both of
us "to see what we thought of it." (I couldn't believe my ears, but I learned thereafter the Colonel
meant exactly what he'd said.) I told him I'd be most honored and flattered to be included in such a
consideration. but that Linda's experience as a professional journalist and the author of three
outstanding books on the paranormal) would be of tar greater assistance to the Colonel: she, not I.
should have the opportunity to review such a manuscript first.
While he appeared to appreciate my taking the "high ground" on the matter, The Colonel
seened unfazed and added that if he decided to make two copies he'd send one to each of us. or if
lacking ioo copies perhaps Linda and I could share one. Additionally Col. Corso wondered aloud
whether he should bother with the new manuscript or just "burn it." We countered by saying if he
were telling the truth and had decided to speak out about it. he should follow it through whether it be
with our help or someone else's: besides, we added, who else will disclose such matters if he doesn't?
Including the personal letters, this was my second experience with the Colonel expressing sensitivity
over his controversial revelations combined with uncertainty over whether the effort had been worth
the trouble.
One of my correspondence questions to Corso had asked for his best estimate, based on his high
contacts. of what exactly happened in New Mexico in July 1947. The Colonel responded his friend
Wilbert Smith" told him the Roswell spacecraft had crossed through a "magnetic gate." affecting
the propulsion system and bringing it down. Expanding this line of questioning. I noted several
theories existed as to the precise location and date of the crash or any other reported crashes. Before
the question was completed Colonel Corso held up three fingers at me. (Three crafts. Colonel?) One
of the CrOs, he continued, was at the originally suspected Corona desert about 75 miles northwest
of the major city of Roswell; a second vehicle caine down about 150 miles west of the other
location. The former, he said, crashed or exploded ur both while the latter landed in an embankrent
mostly intact. This theory, I noted. had been supported by Stanton Friedman and Don Berliner in
"Crash At Corona"
: but there was a third object in this scenario?
Corso then recalled his own UFO experience during his Nike Missile Battery days (sometime in
1958: the general time period is correct - RJV) Alone one day at his Conunand Post in Red Canyon.
Corso was called by one of his staff who notified him "something strange" was going on at the debris
field and he, Corso, might want to check it out. Corso understood this to mean an unidentified object

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 638, "chars": 3988, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
had heen seen or spotted on radar so he grabbed some "company car keys", as he stated, and headed
our to the location. (The "debris field'" was the designated desert area, some miles away from the
command post. wherein spent Vike missiles and the aircraft they'd targeted for surface to air missile
(esting would tall, usually in pieces, for a hasty identification, gathering and cleanup).
Arriving at the location alone. Corso saw what he'd expect to: desert, rocks and some brush. He
says he waited for about ten minutes after which there appeared out of absolutely nowhere. and
hovering just slightly above ground a large flying saucer, with a small dome, silver grayish on top
and with a flat black bottom. The officer drew closer, still inside his car that was now approximately
50-75 yards from the object when it suddenly disappeared without any upward movement. Corso
said for a fleeting moment he'd wondered if the stifling desert heat hail affected his senses or he'd
hallucinated; he then figured if his "sighting" ware real, it might reappear.
A waiting game resumed this time for about a half an hour until he decided to give up and go
back. Just then the saucer reappeared practically in the same location as before, briefly being visible
and quickly making a repeat disappearance. Corso then moved some rocks and stones to within the
sighting area. figuring physical evidence for this anomaly might exist if it returned. Remaining
outside the vehicle. Corso waited a short time and then witnessed a third visual encounter with this
object; horraver he now was in close proximity, so he quickly reentered his vehicle and began
backing away from the scene. While duing so. he watched is the object again vanished. Returing
nearer to the specific site area. he found that the rocks he'd moved into the hovering "spot" had all
been crushed. Vothing further was said or clarified regarding this matter.
Our conversation then segued into the revelation of what the Colonel called "nuclear binding". a
phrase Id never heard before. Corso described nuclear binding, as best i can understand it as a
naturally occurring high spinning electromagnetic or nuclear "cylinder" (that I'll call sinilar to the
spinning tunnel of a tomado, only for purposes of discussion) through which anything passing within
is literally reduced to "nothing" (or perhaps. its original molecular or cellular building blocks?). This
phenomenon, said the Colonel, is a totally unpredictable occurrence that scientists know can happen
at most any time and often has; he further suggested that"nuclear binding" might (emphasis by
author) explain some cases of disappearing ships, aircraft. etc. associated with the Bermuda
Triangle. He added that, as far as he knew, scientists hadn't spoken openly about what he had just
described
I returned to another of my original letter questions to the Colonel. asking hint to point me in the
direction uf someone or something to corroborate any portions of his story or the book. Corso's
written response was that he had 11o permission to do so. by request in most cases. At the interview, I
asked Corso to consider the same question from the "other" side, ie, had anyone active or ratired in
the military pressured you for in effect "breaking ranks" on Roswell? No, he replied, insisting
"noone told me write the book or not write it, and noone said to talk or not to talk". The comment
recalled his written remark that it would have bothered him more not to have told this story than to
have done so. Confused by what seemed to be a nonchalant treatment of a most sensitive subject. I
wondered aloud how this affected his security oath normally required for access to classified
material. He responded that a three year rule is in effect for not revealing highly compartmentalized
intelligence information after which program names, nicknames, codes. purposes, etc. change or
become obsolete, in either case further prohibiting wider access any more than necessary.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 589, "chars": 3715, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(! wasn't quite satisfied with that answer but I let it ride. Later when the Colonel had departed
Linda expressed her feeling that my "security" questioning may have insulted the Colonel. Having a
brief Vilitary Intelligence background myself, I disagreed. Besides. maybe the more effective way to
create a "trail" would be to know someone who opposed these revelations being made public instead
of those covertly supporting them.)
We expressed our curiosity if the Colonel's clandestine responsibilities or knowledge regarding
UFO secrets had been overtly discussed with any other high echelon government officials. (Corso
had mentioned former Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy in his book ) The Colonel reiterated he
had brought up the subject of UFOs with RFK around 1962 or at least early in the JFK Presidency,
and that Robert had promised to discuss the matter with his brother in the future. The Colonel
believed the Attomey General had in fact done so. thereby repeating a book claim, before John F.
Kennedy was assassinated on November 22,1963.
I distinctly remembered at that moment feeling very nervous about the subject matter being
spoken openly among us. We weren't behind closed doors or any protected area at the time. This was
a quiet restaurant with a low volume radio playing and a few scattered customers having breakfast
along with a newspaper, but how did I know who may have been listening? I suggested to Linda we
continue our meeting elsewhere, but she demurred and felt it would be unnecessary. I accepted her
assurance and didn't feel compelled to reiterate my fear.
At 12:15 PM I motioned to Ms. Howe about keeping time. as we had separate return
arrangements and we were more than an hour away from the airport of departure. Wa cordially
brought the meeting to an end, collectively promising to keep the lines of communication open
especially with the tentative videotaping project in mind. The Colonel pur his left arm around Ms.
House, looked at me and said "Always take care of this lady for me, will you?". I assured him that
whenever Linda might need my help I would do my best to be there. We wished him wall and
Colonel Corso, very much a Lone Ranger of sorts, at least as I see it, rode off in a brand new 1998
Camaro that looked "spit shined". (I'd been aghast as I watched him drive up for the interview in that
vehicle. The Colonel noticed my expression and laughed at me. "Yeah", he said, "my family thinks
the ol' Colonel is a little crazy but at this point I'll do just what I want". His amusing quip had been
the perfect tension breaker I needed to feel relaxed and comfortable in his presence.)
Returning to the airport in an unlikely torrential rain, Ms. Howe and I reviewed several
interviery points while sharing thoughts about the National Security Act Of 1947; I knew a little
about the law, but Linda educated me as to just how many volumes the Act comprises. We also
spoke of the military's "black budget" programs immune to any Congressional oversight", and a
highly classified matter reportedly involving then-President Richard Nixon and the great entertainer
Jackie Gleason.
All the while, I kept thinking how the U.S. Amiy had trained me as a Counterintelligence
Agent teaching me the Vietnamese language for a year prior to my setting foot in Asia, and then
underutilizing me upon being assigned to Can Tho South Vietnam's 574th MI Detachment. Now,
twenty seven years later, my investigative training, urges and instincts were coming back in a "rush".
I had just joined a very special joumnalist and researcher in attempting to uncover what the U.S.
Army Air Force may have tried to hide, well outside the glare of public scrutiny, over a hall century
ago.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 572, "chars": 3605, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A TELEPHONE INTERVIEW BY ROBERT J. VANDERCLOCK WITH FORMER
ROSWELL AREA MORTICIAV AND EMBALMER GLENN DENNIS, APRIL
6-7,1998
The disinformational confusion generated by the USAF "Crash Test Dummies" Report
singularly prompied me to attempt to contact Glenn Dennis, current President of one of Rosivell's
two museums dedicated to the UFO phenomenon. During the Incident period. Dennis was employed
at the nearby Ballard Funeral Home as a young mortician enbalmer, and I was hoping to learn a bit
more of his experiences relating to the crash, stories which Glenn had undoubtedly told and retold
more times than one could reasonably count.
In the research package I'd sent him in late Warch 1998. I included a letter voicing support for
his apparent decision to protect the identity of the alleged "mystery nurse". She had informed Glenn
that in 1947 she involuntarily assisted with the auropsies of alien crash victims at the Roswell Base
Hospital. Vir. Dernis responded to my package just over a week after its dispatch, so we arranged 10
talk by phone on the following Monday: April 6. 1998. Since our initial conversation ended
prematurely: we agreed to continue it on the nest evening.
Te begin, I thanked Glenn for responding and I reminded him I had praised his sense of loyalty
with respect to concealing the nurse's identity. Unfortunately, I continued, since he'd offered a
variely of names for the woman, each time leading investigators toward another dead end. Roswall
believers and skeptics alike were now leaning toward treating the whole story as a fabrication. Sone
claimed either the nurse inever existed ur, as in the recent Air Force Report. they accepted a
conventional explanation to reveal who she inay have been. Glenn responded it didn't bother him
that the Govenument was trying to change his story, saying "when you're in this business that's going
to happen". He said he was "just a country undertuker, no more, no less." and while he didn't know
the whole Rostell affair he did know well his oun part of it and that it was the truth.
Eagerly anticipating his opinion of the 1994 "Roswall. The UFO Coverup" movie that started
Kyle MacLachlan Divight l'oakam and Martin Sheen, I wanted to find out what he thought of his
own depiction. I was surprised at his thoughts on this matter, he hadn't seen much of the film but
heard it was a govemment effort to debunk the first military officer at the crash scene, Vajor Jesse
Marcel Sr. who. Glenn had heard, was "hallucinating" in the film. I countered by advising him to see
the whole movie. aven if he needed to horrow my copy, and doing so would help him assess it better.
(I personally felt the film, though "Hollywoodized", was nevertheless an effective counterpoint to the
debunkers of The Incident exen if Roswell's original civilian investigator Stanton T. Friedman
apparently had linle or no input.)
In reviewing the tale of the "mystery nurse" Glenn described the woman as young. devoutly
Catholic and at the time, preparing to join a Catholic Order. On the night before Glen's odd phone
call from the "Rostell Base Mortuary Officer" the young General nurse, a Lieutenant, was at the
Order's Home taking care of her personal matters before joining, and subsequently unaware of a
General Order being issued, instructing all Roswell Hospital nurses not to report to work the nett
morning. (author emphasis) with no indication as to why such an Order had been given.
Consequently when she did arrive for her next dass' assignments she routinely began making her
rounds, perhaps unaware that no other nurse may have been present.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 654, "chars": 3984, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
About ninety minutes after the "Mortuary" call. Glenn drove out with the Funeral Home
ambulance to retrieve an injured airman, as per Ballard's local contract, and brought him to the
Roswell Base Hospital for treatment. Arriving inside, Glenn happened to look inside a parked
military ambulance and witnessed some "fiberglass lika" large pieces of something mostly colored
blue and black, as he recalis. Dennis entered the Hospital door amidst a peculiar flurry of activity
and he asked someone standing at the Coca Cola machine if there'd been some sort of accident. The
person said they knew nothing at all. Moments later he saw his nurse friend exiting one of the rooms
wearing a towel over her head and apparently gagging. Glenn asked her what was going on and she
replied "Get out of here. You're in big trouble if you find out."
Just then two military policemen approached and began escorting the young mortician toward
the exit door in what Glenn described as a firm yet gentle manner. One of the two MPs was verbally
forceful over Dennis' presence; Glenn responded with a profanity, adding that "I'm a civilian and
vou can't talk to me like that". The hostile MP countered with "they'll be picking your bones out of
the sand " if he didn't leave immediately. After the forced escort to his vehicle Dennis was followed
by a military vehicle the fill distance back to Ballard.
The next itern of discussion was whether VIr. Dennis had ever heard of Norma Gardner whom
I'd indicated in a previous paper, courtesy of a Jerome Clark book, had made a 1986 deathbed
statement: she. in her capacity as a civilian employee of Wright.Air Base, had seen some of the alien
materials including the pathology reports of the allen victims. Glenn remembered my reterence to
her and said "that sounds a lot like Marion (or Marian) Bush", a name 1 was unfamiliar with. Dennis
said he knew Bush and that she had died recently but had told him prior that she'd been involved in
some way with the autopsy paperwork. Inquiring as to any potential next of kin for the deceased, I
learned that Glenn knew of a few of her relatives but they were very hesitant to "talk about it".
Perhaps. I replied. Glenn might give them my name if or when they might decide to share any
recollections of vis. Bush's expenences.
I mentioned to Mr. Dennis that it had taken a lot on my part to even attempt to contact him. I
assumed that an uncountable number of researchers over the years had likely approached him. and
probably bothered him to the point that he simply didn't want to hear it anymore, I had changed my
feelings abour contact sometime after viewing the Air Force Report of 6/25:97, quite outraged at
what I'd witnessed on television. (A true advertiser going by the time honored reality of "it's not what
they tell you, it's what they don't tell you". Air Force spokesperson Col. J. Haynes seemed almost
embarassed and somewhat frightened at the Press Conference, possibly articipating the expected
backlash from the media and the public. A poignant refutation of the whole USAF "show" appeared
in a NY Daily News Editorial cartoon soon after, there stood Col. Haynes, unflappable in his
magnificence before the assembled newspersons, photographars and the world's stage... only, his
head was that of a "grey" axtraterrestrial, with the bottom caption reading, simply, "Case Closed" I
told Vir. Friedman of this in a phone call, and it generated a good laugh from both of us.)
:VIr. Dennis on the other hand seemed most cordial and appeared to appreciate the interest. He
was aware the Air Force had set about trying to debunk his mystery nurse story by listing
biographical information for the probable nurse or nurses being allegedly "protected". One such
nurse was "Slatts" Wilson and I inquired about her. "Yeah I knew Slatts", Glenn said. "She was a
big woman who was in charge of all the other nurses over there", but she was not connected to his
special recollections of the period in question.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 497, "chars": 3044, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In the course of our discussions I told Glenn how privileged I'd been to meet Stan Friedman,
Linda Moulton Howe, and Culonel Corso all in the space of about six months. Each of thein
indicated that the Roswell 50th Anniversary event during the previous July 4th had been very
positive and encouraging. I had distanced myself from attending, fearing a "circus" atmosphere with
normal media nocking or indifference, but hearing all the upbeat commentary had made me wish I'd
been there. "When it comes to Roswell. Stan Friedmans' the man" Glenn said, and after I heartily
agreed he added that he liked Friedman and Howe but asked what I thought of "that Corso fella".]
said Linda and I liked his sense of humor and we viewed him as very honest, sensitive to his
debunkers, and we were initially impressed with him. Glenn then stated he'd had a Two Star General
friend of his (unnamed) check Corso out: the General came back and told Dennis he "couldn't find
anything", an Officers' way of'saying he checked out OK..
I also noted the Colonel had critiqued my papers by request, to which Glenn said that he 100
liked the papers, calling them "a pretty good job". I cautioned him that I was no scholar on The
Incident; but Glenn repeated the remark and requested my permission to to make them a permanent
addition to his Museum's Library. Quite surprised at this, I told him I wasn't sure either paper was •
anywhere " near" worthy of such an honor, I'd sent them only to verify my background as a serious
Roswell enthusiast. Nr. Dennis persisted so I allowed for it, feeling very grateful for the
consideration.
Repeating my appreciation at the end, I promised to get to Roswell sometime in my life and
hopefully have a chince to visit hun and others personally. "Well," said the self-styled country
undertaker, "guys like Corso and I, we're getting up in years", intimating that sooner rather than
later would be of benefit it 1 were to ever see him.. I concluded this very amiable experience by
requesting that Glenn send me any available Museum paraphernalia, using the postage paid
envelope I'd provided. He promised to comply and eight days later I received an informative
package about the Museum, its short history and some of its more recent special guests.
NOTE: On June 18th and July 28th of 1998 I gave Roswell UFO presentations to senior
citizens ai centers in East Rutherford and Garfield, respectively. These "electric" audiences made me
feel most welcome and were collectively very receptive 1o my "open forum" approach to the
subjects covered. Betiveen the sessions, over one hundred and fifty five people attended.
When I retumed home from the Garfield presentation, there was a phone message left by Glenn
Dennis calling from Roswell New Mexico. He'd received my third paper and very kindly asked 1o
add it to my other papers as a permanent part of the Museum Library: Glenn said he'd be out of town
for the nest ten days or so but wanted to call me prior to his departure.
I owe that nice man an appreciative thank you note.
__"

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 403, "chars": 2769, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EPILOGUE
In the early Spring of 1997, coinciding with the visually stupendous appearance of the
Hale-Bopp Comet, nearly forty "Heaven's Gate" followers of the late cult leader Marshal
Applewhite committed mass suicide.
"'oncealing a UFO behind it."
UFO enthusiasts were understandably unnerved, fearing the public would somehow associate
an interest in the paranormal with such a maddening event or its perpetrators. However, UFOs had
once again become a temporary hot button issue due to the tragedy. The Pentagon almost appeared
ready and waiting to remind the American people that they'd long since closed the book on studying
I FOs, adding that "they haven't investigated (them) since 1969'.
The many thousands of LEO researchers, investigators and everyday "buffs" worldwide knew
the Pentagon had committed a lat-out !!e. especially by implying that noone else had seen any need
in study L'FOs either. Thankfully, someone did something about it. Professional UFO researchers
held a "LFO Press Conference" on Monday April 7.1997 at the Sky Garden of NYC's St. Moritz
Hotel at precisely 12:00 noon. VI Center For UFO Studies (CUFOS) Director Michael Luckman
opened the sparsely attended conferance that included my friend Diane Stavaris and myself, but
whose audience was comprised mostly of television or news media representațives..
The Pentagon statement was collectively refuted: Luckman displayed drawings of purported
alien symbols as reported by the late Rossrell crash witness Jesse Marcel Sr.. noting the clear
dissimilarity to the "flowers on tape" in the official Mogul Reports: a short VASA film alleging
hostile UFO activity in space iras shown and analyzed; television producer Sam Sherman discussed
the "denial and ridicule" policy the Govemment and several of its agencies had adopted for fifty
Tears in order to dull the public's perception of UFO reality: and Col. Kolman Von Kevitzsky (Ret.)
spoke about the "Stargate Coalition". This group of retired military intelligence personnel and one
el-astronaut are seeking a security oath indemnitication from President Clinton himself in order to
reveal a variety of first-hand factual UFO information (I've leamed their request vas recently
denied) Also, contributing "L'FO Briefing Document" author J. Antonio Huneeus reviewed
information from the Rockefeller Foundation-financed publication.
I even added my own two cents; if LiFOs didn't exist. I asked rhetorically, why are the Air
Force regulations known as AFR 200-2 and JANAP 146 (respectively pertaining to the handling of
serious UFO encounters; and defensive measures to counter any known or unknown hostile threat
against the North American continent) still "in the books" as standard practice and have in fact been
updated numerous times?

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 471, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
That's me (Mr. Photogenic - HA!) at right, with Col. Kolman
Von Kevitzsky, now 8y years of age, at The UFO Press
Conference at NY's St. Moritz Hotel, April 7,.1997.
Michael Luckman, Director of the NY Center for UFO
Studies, chairing the UFO Press Conference. Also with Mr.
Luckman (L to R); Television producer Sam Sherman, Col.
Von Kevitsky, and UFO researcher and author J. Antonio
Huneeus. who provided me with the "UFO Briefing
Document." (Photos by Diane Stavaris)

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 612, "chars": 3846, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Liz Trotta, an attending Washington Times reporter. wrote a lengthy and very up-front article
(reprinted in the Appendix) that was clearly fair and balanced its assessment of the Conterence and
varied Ufology subjects in general. Even better. the article was devoid of' any "space cadet"
references to those of us for whom UFOs are at least a serious concern. Her report would have been
on the desk of each and avery Senator and Congressperson in Washington D.C. on the morning of
April 9, 1997, and therein lies a vindication of sorts. Between the 1995 "UFO Briefing Document"
and the Washington Times. many important and new sets of eyes would now be opened up to an
undeniable reality; all L'FOs cannot immediately be dismissed outright as automatic hoaxes,
misrepresentations, or honest mistakes.
For the media, however, something is "missing" here. I am to understand, as a political science
maven, that one of several traditional media responsibilities in a democratic society is to be as
liberally open minded as possible.and conscious of its "watchdog" role against unchecked
govenunent excess. When it comes to UFOs. the national medía for the most part simply hasn't
exercised that role.
Remember that the media is not wholly to blane in this instance. They've been burned before
with LFO hucksters, "contactees" sho in some cases have the mest vivid imagination in order to
solicit their fifleen minutes of fame . thousands of still photos of "flying saucers" often cleverly
disguised as hubcaps, pieplates and double images. reports from people who "swear" the Cessna they
saw was shaped like a double dinner plate, and more. Today in the Computer Tech Era, anyone
already committed to a pro or anti-UFO opinion cannot even trust the most legitimate looking films
of unknown objects.... but what about those individuals' stories and cases and cases not hoaxed?
Consider if you will several other factors. In the early 1950s the CIA embarked upon a L'FO
"Destabilization" program to undercut the passionate public interast in the subject by means of
disinformation: a proposal to ask the Disney animators to add as many "little green men" in their
cartoons as possible was even considered. This would assist in trivializing UFOs and make the
matter a standing joke (two respected British UFO authors. Jenny Randles and Tim Good
independently reached that same conclusion). Vany years later in 1997 the CIA tells us they
"floated" a number of false UFO reports in the '60s and "70s to mask many of our sensitive spy
plane flights (what?) Spy planes of that era or any era for that matter, flying in a luear direction and
sounding like 10.000 cement mixers would be mistaken for UFOs only by someone who didn't "put
enough water in it"! The CIA therefore reasons that supersecret spy craft would purposely fly low
enough so evertone could spot them and think Orson Welles was right! (Silly me... thought only
the tir Force sas practicing pretzel logic in the 1990s). Given their open admission. is the CIA now
liable, under the nation's specific disinformation laws, for having admitted they intentionally
sought to deceive the public? Who "polices" that une?
I feel that some of us who at least watch how our governent and its agencies deal or don't deal
with the UFO phenomenon would welcome increased media interest in the subject: or, as I used to
think. should we just let the media continue to sleep and let professional Ulologists take care of one
of their jobs for them? What if for example the State of New Jersey by virtue of a 100,000 vote
referendum was required to petition the U.S. govemment and an! altiliated government agency to
inmmediately declassity any state-related Top Secret or higher LFO Documents? (Then. multiply
by 50!) The thought cane to me as a result of several readings of Stanton Friedman's short paper

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 577, "chars": 3739, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tilled "The Cosmic Watergate". It is a research work I consider required reading for anyone
unwilling to believe that documentation supporting UFO reality esists.
Consider too the following, aiso from the same paper: as a result of a landmark 1983 Federal
District Court decision under Judge Gerheart Gesell. the world learned that America's National
Security Agency did in fact possess some 156 LFO documents of a Top Secret nature or higher.
However. due to the ruling that "the public interest in disclosure is far outweighed by the sensitive
nature of the materials and the obvious effect on national security their release might well entail."
the Judge let stand the NSA's intent to suppress these documents from public scrutiny.
Judge Gesell never saw any of the actual documents as the NSA simply refused him the right to
do so (democracy in action!) Instead, the NSA prepared a Top Secret twanty one page "in-camera"
affidavit for the Judge (providing him with a special clearance in order to view the affidavit and
nothing else) justifying the withholding of this sensitive material. Based only un what was revealed
in a very compartmentalized document for his eyes only, Judge Gesell ruled in favor of
nondisclosure. The Federal Court of Appeals agreed after also being shown the affidavit: then. The
Supreme Court of the U'nited States refused to hear the case. in effect agreeing with the Lower Court
decision.
The argument had been made, and properly so. that disclosure of this highly classitied material
would compromise intelligence sources, data and data gathering methods protected by law.
Horveter the plaintiff. Citizens vs.LFO Secrecy (CAUS) had wanted solely the UFO information
and would've accepted expurgated documents protecting the otherwise classified data. Still the NSA
said no. Keep in mind also that the CIA began this bureaucratic boondoggle by responding to an
FOIA request that it had no UFO information whatsoever. then was forced by court order to release
some 900 pages of Secret-or-below documents They also had iventy three of their most sensitive
documents contained within the 156 never revealed by the NSA! Later an appeal by Stanton
Friedman caused uine of the twenty three to be disclosed and these were mostly unclassified East
European press abstracts about UFOs. A subsequent appeal for the remaining fourteen by Friedran
resulted in a series of heavily blacked out pages, some completely so. being sent to the researcher.
Nothing to hide, say the debunkers? Not possible to maintain such a vast "conspiracy" amongst
the many agencies with such a secret says Philip Klass and others? Let the aridence stand.
Could the public attitude about UFOs be changing? Vr. Friedinan has often indicated the
likelihood of belief in UFOs increases with the greater degree of'aducation, and as the official
Roswell reports from the Air Force keep coming fast and furiously with all the subtlety of a three
ring circus. perhaps the great majority of citizenry no longer tolerates being treated, as my sister Jo!
says. "like we just stepped uff a potato truck"
I myself am beginuing to sense these deliberately misleading official explanations for UFO
encounters, after removing every other possible identification. may well be part of a protracted
conditioning process." If so it would work as follows; each news illogical pronouncentent purposely
stimulates mass discussion over what the "ansiver" truly represents.... or misrepresents. Such a
practice wouldn't surprise me at all: the military officials who are or were specialists in deception
and counterintelligence are the same people asking us to helieve, from their vantage point. the
unbelierable. Time is in this case not our enemy but a friend.

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 548, "chars": 3371, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ADDENDUM I
Linda Hove's newest work "Glimpses Vol.Il etc." was one uf the last hooks I digested before
going full tilt on completing this research paper. I hadn't expected the book to divulge any new
information pertinent to Rosivell due to the wider and more eschatological scope of subjects covered.
but I was delighted to have been incorrect.
One uf Linda's listed sources told researcher Peter Bostrom in 1996 that, as a twenty year old
Any soldier in 1939. he was assigned to Elmendorf Air Base in Alaska. This individual possessed
a high security clearance for operating high frequency radio equipment while also duing security
guard duty at Elmendorf. site of many U-2 spy plane takeoffs. The source, "Reed", says in 1960 or
1961 he was once assigned to nearby Fi. Richardson to assist in inventorying the contents of a large
vault. Surrounded by bricked up windows and security doors. the vault contained huge amounts of
classified military film, and the detail took several days. Within the facility was a vierving room for
properly cleared personnel to review "sensitive" items, and within which was an even smaller vault
room housing an estimated 2500 rolls.
During one of the days of this assignment, the captain in charge told the crew he'd ba busy
elsewhere for the rest of the day and just left, possibly unaware of the nature of the vault contents.
Reed says the film canisters were identified on the outside only by numbers in most cases, but one
larger can marked "Roswell" had several smaller containers inside. On one particular day the men
completed their inventory work within two hours. leaving time for a soldier to grab the Roswell can
and head for the vierving room. What they all sai, says Reed, were a number of short rolls of
approximately fifteen minutes in length, 16mm. black and white, and silent"
. Depicted were a
wreckage area, lines of debris with small and large metal type items scattered as a result of an
obvious crash. Additionally visible was scorched ground and super thin material that some Gis were
jumping on. attempting unsuccessfully to bend int
Orher rolls showed an area with a small circular disc buried halfway in an embankment people
near body bags. an estimated four small bodies and a six fingered hand sticking up from the ground.
all some distance from the body bags!
The entire scene. the source continued, had severai cameramen, armed personnel. trucks. jeeps
and an ambulance. the way a typical military crash scene might look. The scarcity of visible
vegetation made the source speculate its location was somewhere in the Southivest.
This story if true is remarkable on several levels. First leave it to the military to store such
supersensitive material about as far away from the public or media ere as could be imagined. In this
instance the stored reels are housed in one of our northermost installations far closer to the North
Pole than. say. North Chicago. Second, hundreds or even thousands of men and women with flying
espenience and isho might ever read this could well be saying to themselves "so that's where the film
of my on LiFO encounter ended up... no wonder our constant inquiries about it went
unansirered!" (If that hypothetical quote seems implausible to the reader. be aware of Dr. Richard
Haines. a retired VASA aerospace scientist. He has been compiling for years a dossier of serious

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 371, "chars": 2432, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UrO encounters involving only privati and connercial airplane pilots, jer pilots and astronauts. our
most credible witnesses for such incidents. The numher of cases in the dossier is now over three
thousand five hundred). Third, some of our nation's most precious filmed secrets would have been
handled quite routinely, something we all should be concerned abour. Fourth, re may be able to
make even less of the much-hyped and still unproven "Alien Autopsy" than before. what with
descriptions of possibly two separate crash scenes as disclosed by Reed.
Finally, a parallel can be drawn from a comment by Stanton Friedman in his June 1997 lecture
in Conrecticur. Speaking about the human abduction syndrome, he estimates the number of persons
worldwide who've claimed a serious UFO experience to be abour fifteen million: however, he
continues," we need not worry about fifteen million. Ie oniy need to worry about one.?"' In the
same vein. should one and only one verified military film depic: incontrovarible evidence of an
extraterrestrial experience, then any other real or perceived ET event wouldn't matter for the
moment. The extraterrestrial hypothesis will have been proven among all those cases that for one
reason or other are unprovable, or horsed or disintormationally "leakedon
My five years of studying the Roswell Incident has given ine alternating bouts of euphoria.
contiusion, disaffection, elation, astonishment, humility and just about every emotion in between, nut
10 mention a small hole in my pocket from time to time. It is the truth however that supercedes any
private considerations, and i am driven by the desire to unmask that truth, no matter from whence it
comes or what transpires from its revelation. As long as my instincts continue telling me I've locked
ento something having far reaching and historic implications. I'll not rest ivithout a definitive
conclusion to the Roswell Incident.I helieve devoutly that I will live to see it.
Correction; Ill the Appendix D Bergen Record newsarticle "Aliens Among Us?". I am
incorrectly identified as "one of about S,01)0 members of the Viutual UFO Network". a nationwide
organization of sightings investigators who also disseminate UFO information, compile databases on
the subject, etc. While 1 have colleagues in MLFON and the Conter For (:FO Studies (CUFOS), I
have not been a member of either organization or any other group conducting LFO research.

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 2121, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ADDENDUM 2
My friend Linda Moulton Hose called me on Friday. July 17,1998 at about 7:00 PM. She'd
received a fax from radio talk show host Art Bell ("Dreamland"') informing her our mutual
acquaintance Colonel Philip.. Corso had passed away that day.
Apparently the Colonel had never quite recovered from complications due to a massive heart
attack on June 9.1998. although he seemed to he responding well. and lately his condition had been
upgrided from intensive care to serious to stable.
Our phone conversation would've indicated to any third party just how empty we both
felt with the death of Philip Corso. We hadnit been able to reach the Colonel via any forn of
communication since the end of March 1998. At that tine I received his short letter, followed soon
after by some briel information he'd asked me to pass on to Linda. Otherwise, I was unable 1o send a
ger-svell card through to him or even his copy of "Roswell: Toward Final Revelations".
I repeated the news of the Colonel's death to a few "network" friends and Stanton Friedman.
reiling them all I had sensed some real "fight" in this man, and that Linda and I felt he was being
truthful with his book allegations which had stunned readers nationwide.
Mr. Friedman concurred with us that so much of the Corso story was still unresolved, and that
fact is unfortunate along with his passing. The Colonel was working ou the rudiments of a second
book. that much we knew: whether it will be finaiized and released posthumously, and by whom, is
unknown at this time.
For me, the opportunity of meeting this remarkable gentleman and examining what he had to
say, and undertaking this project with someone of such emment stature as Linda Moulton Howe.was
a most exciting moment in my life. The feeling here, though, is one of having consumed half of the
greatest tasting sandwich, moments before the remainder inadvertently falls down a manhole cover.
lost forever.
Despite whaterer questions the book failed to answer. I felt Colonel Corso was an American
and be forever gruteful he cared enough to respond 10 me, all because I took a chance on writing
hir.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 86, "chars": 568, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
APPENDIX A
(ADORESS AND SOME TEXT "PORTIONS EXPURGATED)
961017
Josene Miteral Ie.
Mit. Robert / Vanderolook
261 Walde ArorIuo
Riveredgo, N.J. 07661-1520
Deer lob,
nileratulation on the tow additions to your larily there is nothing In
remonts the band of a man und hit wift more that yours onlierer.
with and I have a lolas of dahr kids which call he guile taxing to our
marily, tess i would not have ll any orher way.
Pleare exurie the tardiness in anamorina gour laster: 4911-5014
purresponderine mes misplaca and it just surfaced the light of dhy most
recently.
:

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1697, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I reau tho abbrevielad Air Forde Roport with inlorest and was roally
amusad milhi the concludiona, Il la obvious that the Nir Forco has its own
agenda end the Moged Balloon concluzion la d'amuko surven of the righpal
order. They (Capt, Andrew) in thio declassificallon rearn hayo gotten quite
nary in their handing of wilnesses namely me und my luther. I have it orr
guns rushority (Slan Fronman) that they were working with a harchot
mas is the form uf Rober Tou who has written the moat deapicable
artlolon shout are and my ded. In one lotter I saw he anid that the Big sky
Stale of ilonsens should he renamed iné 'hig lle' aare sinco I live bere. Ii
another loller he was very deriatro of mo hocuse I Mun a motorcycle lor
transportation and called me an "affeminato punk." Al uny ralo
MoAndrew was working with Todd and I am sure provided the reversary
informalice fur his inseuita..
No, the debris I saw in Ronwell was not thas of a 'mugel ballsun' and
when i roused to go along with MeAndro and the Air Force Report, (I:
had roveral phone conversations with the good Capt) all tell broke loose..
Your sex dollars in setion, inal
The reality of an oxtralorrestrial seant at Norwell will sooner ur latur ba
oifically sanolloned but not at thin time. I heve heen told that this will not
happen until the pawers to be delennino it is in the publics interest.
NASA has and mayho still la conductio s study on the "Sociesal Impact":
of the releano of the roulity of oxtratorrentral visies. If it la doloniriod, the
impact will not he negativa, then maybe we cen lonk forward to the
announcemeni being made in our bfotimes
I for une already know the renilty of thess vials' und this knowledge hus
•

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 38, "chars": 226, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ee

not destroyed me.

1 could jaunch into a very philosophical diecussion; on what this

knowledge has meant for me but would not want to bore you with my
personal feelings.

Feal free (uo write at any time.
Sincerely,

Joes

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 686, "chars": 4407, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Che Washington dines
WASHINGTON, 198.11NI:S208: 18281. 1. 19919 ie
UFO devotees congregate,
warn about alien presence
Is U.S. government 'programming us for contact?'
By Liz Trona
sion on Sept. 15. 1991. In it, Mr.
Michael Luckman
Luckman sard,
"star ivarg" mig-
silas. indicated by white streaks.
YEW YORK -UFO watchers —
•yary of any association with the
talks of "a ivoridwide
are irving lo shoot jown
Heaven's Gate cult our furious ar
UFO cover-up"
sbaceships, inúicuiod by white
"he Pencagon lor denying any
knowledge if extratarrestrial
involving former
VASA =pukesman Brian Weich
in sMashington said the film shown
sightings and landines - gachered
astronauts and
ut che newy contaranca yay inken
haro is dacsy mrat they describe
routinety by a low-llshr-level cart.
15 "ho ""orld's largest Cover 1ID."
Egyptian
era attached lo the shuttle that was
In fact, said Michael Lucksan,
Iracior of the Now Yort Carrer for
hieroglyphics.
aimed at he Earth and uperated
by a ground contralier. The cam.
UFO Research, ite U.S. ¿overTi
ara shows ice crystals in orbit with
ment, as fram ending its intrey.
he shusde. They are being clown
ipacion of extracerrestrial probes.
around ày steering rackers, ar
couid de arenarine the publia tor
answer satements made oy the
inrusters, Isa lo star and staDi-
an ancounter wilt allana from
Pentaxon dunying the exiacence of
lize the spacecract.
UFOs and danyire that the govern-
"If you were looking at this taur
'They may te programming us
ment is hidíng allan bodies.
InG Jad fanciful imaginadion, you
for contact," Mr. Luckman
Respondira 1o tie UFO IrDUD's
could convince yourgelf you vero
"arro Monday al a newy contet.
charge that the Pantagon is cover.
"ERIng In onject cuming af jou.
ance chaired by saveral UFO 37-
ing up iss findingy while contrau.
NASA joes not investigate UFCs."
peris in the Sky Garder at ite st.
ing to intensigate such paranormal
Vir. Welci said.
Morita Horal, Is 1s not inconeriv.
phenomena, sookesman Cal, blet
Bur Mr. Luckman was adamant
able, he added. ihat ibese allans
"Thard 'vate по
with whom earth is destined to
extraterresttial renicias, to avi-
meet ure "'little beings already
dence ol extracarteserial beines or
here an reconnaissance"
spacecrens, nachine that wauld be
UFO marchers here sarang into
a thraat !! our rattonal security:"
action itter a pencagon srierer!
But some of the sintdren, in said.
statement last week' char the dis
could not be explained.
Force no longer invesrinaies sight.
Mr. Lackman referred ID "3
ines of possible allen aircrale.
worldwide UFO cover up" that in-
From 1997 1o 1969. "Protect glue
ciudas hidders crest saucars, 1a-
Book." with headquarterg at
Wriani-Parterson Air force Basa
in Dayton, Onlo, looked into 12,618
signingy, faciding that most of
them were the result of weather no
nearby sistran. Thats were :0!
unidentifled sightings,
Distancing himself front the
Rancho Santa fe mass sulcide by
members of the West Coast cult.
ift. Luckman said: "This is no
Heaven's dare. This is Allan Gate.
"This has been & difficult lime
For us Involved in serious UFO re-
learch, but now thar inital shock
1a9 :vorn off no inel compelled la
mer astronauts, cylndral natas
objects seen from the Apollo 16
Mission, and Crypten rieroely-
atics employed ae so aller let-
zuage. Contect With Rilena Is, in Mis
riew, not only possible but irami-
пеПС.
One way the governene ls are.
parise Earth ros contact with these
deities la by conducine grodes an
Mars, he sala, One probe is sched-
uled to deploy a robor on july 4.
Billed as the "smoking sur.'" 3r.
Luckmanstones a videorape of ar
afficial VASA space shuttio mis-
sightings. Just roo iverks ago, te
sala, 10,000 people in Phoenix wil.
ressed a
"Meer" of Trightly-lit
UFOs lying over ihar city, and
residents of Pine Busn. V. Y.; Guit
Breeze, Fla.; and itlexieo City have
frequentiy encountered such craft.
Joso Antonio Hunteus, a Chil-
ean journalist and UFO research-
er, discussad his findinga on recont
exiraietrosiTial sightings and
landings. ine study.
ing Documene - The Best trail-
able Evedence." was commis.
sioned by philanthropiss and UFO
enthusiage Laurance S. Mocterei-
Mr. Rockefeller circulared the
briefing asper la world movers
and shakers such as former secte.
cary of Stace Henry A. Kissinger.
Mr. Rockeieller reportediy also
iried to influence Presidene Cin-
ion la make public the govern.
menes UFO files, hur io no avail.

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 329, "chars": 2124, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SHEILA WIDNALL
SECRETARY, U.S. AIR FORCE
(IN CARE OF) W. CLINTON
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
1600 PENNSYLVANLA AVENUE
WASHINGTON DC 20009
DEAR MADAME SECRETARY,
AS A ROSWELL RESEARCHER WHO HAPPENED TO BE HOME FOR LUNCH JUST
WHEN THE "LIVE" AIR FORCE PRESS CONFERENCE ON ROSWELL WAS STARTING
ITS BROADCAST.: WASN'T SURE IF A SENSE OF RELIEF. SADNESS, OUTRAGE, OR
DISAFFECTION WOULD HAVE BEEN THE PROPER RESPONSE TO ITS RESULT.:
FOUND MYSELF ASSESSING THE SIGNIFICANCE OF THE "ROSWEL: REPORT" 199?
EDITION AS INDICATED BY COL. HAYNES FROM SEVERAL DIFFERENT
DIRECTIONS:
:. THE CONCLUSIONS COULD HAVE REPRESENTED A LAST FRANTIC GASP FROM
THE USAFS REMAINING BAND OF POST WAR WARRIORS WHO, HAVING HAD
ROSWELi KNOWLEDGE FROM THE BEGINNING. ARE SO "IN DEE!" ON THE SECRET
THAT THEY'RE ADMITTING THEY DONT KNOW HOW TO GET OUT OF IT
= THE CONCLUSIONS MA! HAVE BEEN PART OF A CONTINUING ATTEMPT IO
INSULATE CIVILIZATION FROM A HITHERTO-UNSTATED SECRET. COURTESY OF
COL PHILIP CORSO'S 3OOK "THE DAY AFTER ROSWELL" WHOSE ALLEGATIONS, IF
TRUE. CERTAINLY RAISE THE STAKES ON WHAT HAPPENED IN THE CORONA
DESERT IN EARLY JULY 1947.
3 THE CONCLUSIONS MAY HAVE BEEN INTENTIONALLY ILLOGICAL ANSWERS
DESIGNED TO STIMULATE WORLDWIDE DEBATE ON THE MATTER, AN EFFECT
THAT FITS IN QUITE NICELY WITH A "CONDITIONING" PROCESS.
' THE CONCLUSIONS WERE BELIEVED TO BE TRUE
HOW ABOUT A CLOSER LOOK AT 'TEN 1?
¡ REMEMBER COSEPH KITTINGER'S RECORD PARACHUTE DIVE AS A TEENAGER. AN
EVENT THAT MADE ME AND MILLIONS OF OTHERS BURST WITH PRIDE IN
AMERICA I ASSUMED EVEN THEN THAT TEST BODIES OR "DUMMIES" WOULD
'HAVE BEEN USED IN PREPARATION FOR THE ACTUAL JUMP. WHERE HOWEVER IS
THE SUBSTANTIVE PROOF THAT THESE TESTS WOULD HAVE STARTED IN 1947.
JARELY BEYOND CHUCK YEAGER'S BREAKING OF THE SOUND BARRIER, OR THAT
ROSWELL WITNESSES WOULD SOMEHOW HAPPEN TO LOSE SIX FULL EARS OF
MEMORIES, OR THAT A LIVING BREATHING ANYTHING WOULD BE MISTAKEN
FOR A CRASH TEST DUMMY WHOSE APPEARANCE BY YOUR OWN RECORDS FIRST
BEGAN IN 19537 EVEN COL KITTINGER'S OWN STATEMENT TO THE EFFECT THAT
"I'M GLAD THIS IS FINALLY PUT TO REST" SOUNDS HOLLOW WITHIN THE ABOVE
CONTEXT.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 433, "chars": 2789, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE BEST AVAILABLE EVIDENCE INDICATES THAT WHATEVER CRASHED AT THE
CORONA DESERT OUTSIDE ROSWELL DURING THE PERIOD IN QUESTION EITHER
EXPLODED AND CRASHED, OR VICE VERSA. AND SCATTERED WRECKAGE FOR
THOUSANDS OF FEET AROUND WITHIN WHAT MAY BE A PRIMARY AND
SECONDARY SITE. SO WHAT RELEVANCE, EXACTLY DOES THE SAUCERLIKE
CONTRAPTION IN COL. HAYNES' FILE FILM" HAVE IN THIS MATTER?
THE FIRST AND SECOND "FINAL OFFICIAL WORD" OF THE USAF IN THEIR 1994 AND
199% VERSIONS OF THIS INCIDENT STATE QUITE CLEARLY IN ONE SECTION
(THOUGH QUITE AMBIGUOUSLY IN ALL OTHER SECTIONS) THAT THE REASON
THERE WAS HARDLY ANY MENTION OF "ALIEN BODY RETRIEVAL" WAS THAT
(QUOTE)" FIRST. THE RECOVERED WRECKAGE WAS FROM A MOGUL BALLOON". 1
WONDER IF THE SIGNER OF THIS REPORT. COL RICHARD WEAVER AND HIS
COLLEAGUE. CPT. JAMES MCANDREW MIGHT NOW ЗE LIABLE UNDER THE
NATION'S LAWS REGARDING DISINFORMATION. IF YOU ARE HOLDING FAST TO
THE TEST DUMMY THEORY.
THE PROJECT MOGUL EXPLANAZION CONTINUES TO RAISE FAR MORE QUESTIONS
THAN ANSWERS. IT WAS NO GREAI SECRET TO PROFESSIONAL UFO
INTESTIGATORS, I'M TOLD, THAT MOGUL WAS A CLASSIFIED PROGRAM WITH
TOTALL: UNCLASSIFIED PARTS. THE SUM OF WHICH NEVER WORKED ANTIVAY.
WHAT APPARENTLY SURPRISED THE INVESTIGATORS FAR MORE WAS
DELBERATE A. EMPTS IN BOTH :992 AS WELL AS THE 1994 MOGUL REPOR: TO
LINK MOGUL TO ROSWELL, THE LATTER L'SAF INVESTIGATION SEEMING TO BE
FOR ALL INTENT AND FURPOSE "CONTROLLED". STANTON FRIEDMAN, ROSWELL'S
ORIGINAL INVESTIGATOR WITH WHOM I RECENTLY SPENT SEVEN HOURS, HAD
EARLIER INFORMED ME VIA CORRESPONDENCE, DATED 4/16i95.
"IT IS NOT TRUE THAT THAT THE USAF HAS RELEASED EVERYONE FROM THEIR
SECURITY OATHS (IE, TO SPEAK OPENLY ABOUT ROSWELL WITHOUT FEAR OF
JAIL. FINE, OR FULL LOSS OF MILITARY GENEFITS) EVEN THE THREE RETIRED
FLYS THEY TALKED TO (NEWTON. CAVITE, BTC.: WERE RELEASED UNLY 70 TAmK
TO THE (USAF) INVESTIGATORS. I HAVE BEEN ASKING FOR « BLANKET RELEASE
FOR VEARS....
THE RECENT AIR FORCE ATTEMPTS TO ASSURE THE PUBLIC THERE IS NO
CONTINUING "COVER UP" HAS BEEN MET WITH A NEAR FIRESTORM OF RIDICLLE.
NOT NECESSARILY FROM THE VOTION BUT FROM WHAT "PROOF" HAS SUPPORTED
THAT ASSERTION! AS SUCH, YOU COULD CONCEIVABLY RAISE THE AIR FORCE
CREDIBILITY LEVEL ON THIS ISSUE A THOUSAND FOLD BY ANNOUNCING A FULL.
GENERAL BLANKET INDEMNIFICATION FOR ANYONE, ACTIVE OR RETIRED,
AMONG AIRFORCE PERSONNEL. WHO HAVE DIRECT OR CONTRIBUTORY ROSWELL
KNOWLEDGE..... AND SUGGEST THE SECRETARIES OF ALL MILITARY BRANCHES.
3O THE SAME. YOU COULD URGE ANY CIVILIAN AGENCY OF THE U'S
JOVERNMENT TO ALSO COMPLY, AND SUPPORT THE RELEASE OF ANY HITHERTO.
'MISSING OR MISFILED" DOCUMENTATION TO ASSIST THE EFFORT. YOU COULD
IEND COPIES OF YOUR STATEMENT TO THE MEDIA AND ANY CIVILIAN GROUPS
VHO'D NORMALLY BE INTERESTED IN SUCH A THING. WITH A PERSONAL

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 195, "chars": 1308, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ASSURANCE THAT ANYONE WITH RELEVANT INFORMATION HAS YOUR AND THE
PRESIDENT'S FULL PROTECTION AGAINST ANY PRESSURE OR INTIMIDATION TO
SPEAK OUT. SINCE COL. HAYNES HAS ALREADY STATED "CASE CLOSED". SUCH AN
AFTER THE FACT ANNOUNCEMENT SHOULDNT BE A PROBLEM IF THERE'S
YOTHING ADDITIONAL TO REVEAL IN FAIRNESS. THIS STEP MIGHT VERY WELL.
LEND FURTHER CONFIRMATION TO THE THEORIES ALREADY ESPOUSED BY
THOSE INDER YOUR CONMAND.HOWEVER YOU OWE IT TO YOURSELF A FAR
BETTER OPPORTUNITY TO SUBSTANTIATE THE FINDINGS ANNOUNCED.
PRIOR TO THE PRESS CONFERENCE, THE NEW REPORT WAS QUITE
COINCIDENTALIY LEAKED, SEVERAL DAYS EARLY, TO A KNOWN UFO SKEPTIC
WHO HAS BEEN ACCUSED BY ; RESPECTED UFO AUTHOR OF BEING A "CIA ASSET".
THAT ACTION. ALONG WITH PERSISTENT RUMORS THAT MANY CURRENT
CIVILIANS AND MILITARY PEOPLE IN THE US GOVERNMENT. WITH TOP SECRET
SECURITY CLEARANCES OR HIGHER, ARE IN ON "THE SECRET" SHOULD PROVIDE
ADDITIONAL ACTION ON YOUR PART. AS WELL AS OTHER HIGH GOVERNMENT
OFFICIALS, FOR A FULL! FACTUAL, UNEXPURGATED AND HONEST ACCOUNTING
OF THIS INCIDENT, SOMETHING THAT MANY MILLIONS OF PEOPLE WORLDWIDE
STILi BELIEVE HASNOT OCCURRED.
: WILL BE PROVIDING COPIES OF THIS CORRESPONDENCE TO OTHER PARTIES'AND
:THANK COLIN ADVANCE FOR A TIMEL: RESPONSE TO THIS LETTER
ROBERT .. VAVDERCLOCA
RIVEREDGE. V: 07661

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 251, "chars": 1886, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BIBLIOGRAPHY
1. ALLEN AGENDA by Jim Marrs, i. 1997, Harper Collins Publishers Ino. NY NY 10022:
2. ALIEN BASE, EARTH'S ENCOUNTERS WITH EXTRATERRESTRIALS by Timothy Good,
c. 1998, Random House UK Lid. London SWIVZSA England.
3. BEYOND TOP SECRET, THE WORLDWIDE UFO SECURITY THREAI by Timothy Good
c. 1996, Machilian Publishers Ltu. London SW1V9NF and Basingstoke England.
4. CRASH AT CORONA THE US MILITARY RETRIEVAL AND COVERUP OF A UFO
(SOTH ANNIVERSARY EDITION) by Don Berliner and Stanton Friedman, c. 1992 and 1997,
Marlowe and Company NY NY 10012.
S. GLIMPSES OF OTHER REALITIES VOLUME 1: FACTS AND EYEWITNESSES by Linda
Moulton Howe, i: 1994 and 1997, LMH Productions, Box 300, Jamison Pa. 18929-0300.
6. OLIMPSES OF OTHER REALITIES VOLUME II: HIGH STRANGENESS by Linda
Noulton Howe, c. 1998, Paper Chase Press. Nes Orleans La. 70115.
7. MAJESTIC by Whitley Streiber, c. 1989. G.P.Putnan's Sons, NY NY 10016.
8. RUSWELL, A QUEST FOR THE TRUTH by John A Price, e. 1997, Truts Seeker Co.. San
Diego Ca: 92112.
2. ROSEN REORT, EL AS FICE ON THE NEW MEXICO DESERIe: e:1995, tis.
O.THE CIA'S ROLE IN THE STUDY OF UFOS, 1947-1990 by Gerald K. Haines c. 1991
'enter For The Study Of Intelligence, Office of the Direstor of Central Intelligence
I! THE CIA'S L'FO EXPLALVATION IS PREPOSTEROLS by Dr. Bruce Macabee, MUFON
LiFO Joumal, October 1997, Number 364, pgs. 3 - 6.
12. THE COSMIC WATERGATE by Stanion T. Friedman, i. 1991
13. THE DAY AFTER ROSWELL by Colonel Philip J. Corso, Ret, with William J. Birnes, 1997
by Rosewond Woods Productions, Inc. Pocket Books, a Division of Simon and Schuster, NY NY
10020.
14. THE RANDLE REPORT: UFOS IN THE 90S by Kevin D. Randle, c. 1997. M. Evans and
Co., luc., NY NY 10017.
15. THE REAL ROSWELL. CRASHED SAUCER COVERLP by Philip J. Nass, c. 1997.
Aunherst NY 14228-2197.
16. THE ROSWELL INCIDENT, THE RUSH TOWARD FULL ACCOUNTING by Robert J.
-

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 113, "chars": 885, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VanDerCluch. April 15,1995.
17. THE ROSWELL INCIDENT, THE L'SAF AND THE NEW YORK TIMES by Stanton T.
Friedman, September 26.1994.
18. THE ROSWELL, REPORT, CASE CLOSED, Headquarters US.AF Supr. Of Docunenzs,
USGPO, Washington DIC' 20402.
19. TOP SECRET MAJIC by Stanton T. Friedman c. 1996 Marlowe and Company. NY NY
10012.
20. UFO BRIEFING DOCUMENT, BEST AVAILABLE EVIDENCE Main Text and Executive
Summary by Don Berliner with Marie Galbreath and Antonio Huneeus, presenied by CUFOS.
FUFOR, MUFON. December 1995. Executive Summary prepared by Richard Hall.
21. U.S. GENERAL ACCOUNTING OFFICE REPORT TO THE HON. STEVEN SCHIFF.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, GOVERNMENT RECORDS RESULTS OF ASEARCH
FOR RECORDS CONCERNING THE 1947 CRASH NEAR ROSWELL NEW MEXICO.
July 1995. US General Accounting Office. Box 6015. Gaithersburg. Md. 20887-6015.
Cover transparency prepared by Helene VanDerClocki

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 258, "chars": 1870, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• F=.
NOTES AND REFERENCES
1. Russell Report, Fact vs. Fiction In The New Mevico Desert, p. 125.
2. The Air Furce Report On Roswell. Sept. 8,1994, reprinted in Skeptical Inquirer Magazine.p.46.
3. The conversation pertained to the famous (police officer Lonnie)"Zamora" sighting at Socorro.
NAi during the late afternoon of April 24.1.964 and a reported planned landing at nearby Alano-
gordo AB some Iwelve hours later, April 25,1964. Mr. Friedman and I speculated on the
possibility of a connection between the two encounters. "Alien Agenda" author Jim Mars
recently indicated that the strange symbols Zamora recalled seeing on the side of his witnessed
object symbols he was able to recreate perfectly from memory, represent the Arabic astrological
sign for the planet Venus.
4. Don Berlmer and Stanton T. Fredman. Crash At Corona. 50th Anniversary Edition p. 115.
5. Mr. Friedman noted in "The Roswell Incident, The USAF and The NY Tines" that with Project
ilogui known to UFO researchers for some years, The Air Force was guilty of a "pre-emptive
strike" in attempting to usurp the supposed partuer in the records search. The GAO. What was
in effect an Air Force Press Release, one that was not seriously questioned or analyzed by writer
William C. Broad. appeared on p.l of the Sept. 16.1994 edition of the Times.
6. GAO Results uf a Search For Records, elc, June 28,1995. p.4.
7. The Roswell Report. Case Closed, June 25,1997. pgs. 25.27.
8. Ibid. p. 89.
9. Willam Moore, Crashed Saucers, Evidence In Search Of Proof: p. 167.
10. Ibid.
11. Ibid. p. 168.
12. Kevin D. Randle. The Randle Report, UFOs In The 90s. p. 200.
13. Ibid, p. 201.
14. Ibid. p. 2013.
1S. Stanton I. Friedman, Top Secrev/Majic, p. 113.
16. Stanton T. Friedman, in personal correspondence to the author, reprinted in The Rosivel!
Incident, The Rush Toward Full Accounting". April 15.1995.
•
:

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 271, "chars": 2041, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
17. Dr. Jesse Marcel Jr., in personal correspondence to the author. Appendix A (expurgated.)
18. The Air Force Report On Roswell, op. cit.. p. 48.
19. Personal correspondence, Footnote 16, op. cit.
20. A personal fax letter to the author. April 28,1998.
21. Whitley Strieber. Maiestic, p,315.
22. Stanton T. Friedman, in phone conversation with the author, approx. three weeks follosving
his 6:21'97 lecture in Cheshire, Ct.
23. Philip J. Klass, The Real Roswell Crashed Saucer Coverup. p. 212.
24. Timothy Good, Beyond Top Secret, p. 540.
25. Philip J. Corso with William Bires, The Day After Roswell. pgs.3-4.
26. Ibid.
27. Linda Moulton Howe, Glimpses Of Other Realities Volume Il: High Strangeness. p. 33.
28. Col. Corso was emphatic the UFO simulated on p. 33 of the Linda Howe book, althougl
representing a 1948 Farmington NM encounter, resembled clearly the UFO he'd seen years later.
29. Wilbert Smith, a high ranking Canadian engineer had a Top Secret clearance and access to the
highest levels of the L'S Government. Smith first headed Project Magnet. Canada's initial"
investigation of the UFO phenonenon. The now famous "Smith Memno". classified Top Secret in
1950 and revealed years later, stated in part that as the result of (Smith's) discreet inquiries via
the Canadian Embassy in Washington, he learned that the (UFO) matter is " the most
highly classified secret in U.S. History, rating higher than the H-Bomb". Smith died in 1962.
30. Philip J. Curso, in his initial letter to the author, September 1, 1997.
31. Timothy Weiner. Blank Check, p. S.
32. A 10/20/69 memo from General Carroll Bolender indicated that in paraphrase, national
security-related UFO incidents are handled throught Air Force Manual 55-11 and JANAP 1.46
"and are not part of the BlueBook system". The menio is further clarified in "Important Quotes
About UFOs From Government Documents" by Stanton T. Friedmas, c 1991.
33. Rel. my letter to:President Clintoll, Appendix C.
34. Linda Moulton Howe, "Glimpses Vol ll etc" p. 42..
35. Ibid, p. 4.3.
'.
:

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 94, "chars": 649, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
36. Ibid
37. Ibid p. 44.
38. Ibid.
-
39. Ibid. p. 47.
401. Gerald K. Haines. Ihe CIA's Role In The Study OfUFOs. 1947-1990.
41. In his book, during our December 4,1997 interview and in my phone talks with him, Colonel
Corso said over the years he'd heard the so-called supersecret high lovel organization, entrusted by
President Truman with controlling all access to UFO information, called by several different names.
However he rever (author emphasis) said he knew of them as "Majestie-12", "MJ-12" or anything
remotely similar. He also said he himself was once accused by someone of being a member of the
gruup, a charge he categorically denied.

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 243, "chars": 1731, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ROBERT J. V'ANDERCLOCK is a 1968 graduate of Washington College, Chestertown,
Maryland where he was included in the 1967-68 Edition of Who's Who In American Colleges And
Universities, eaming a B.A. in Political Science. During August 1968 he signed a professional
baseball contract with the San Diego Padres organization. Soon after he enlisted in the US Army and
became a Vietnamese language trained Military Intelligence Agent working as an undercover
"civilian" assigned io the Niekong Delta's 574th MI Detachment during most all of 1971.
Following military service he obtained nonsensitive govemment employment in 1973 and later
became a manager in the same field. His agency is not connected in any manner with the Space or
Defense Industry or to the US Vilitar:
VanDerClock was selected for a special Management Training program in early 1980.
surpassing eighty four other applicants for the single position. Following the two year program he
became a permanent manager in late 1981.
A Special Achierement Award winner of nearly $1000.00 in 1989. VanDerClock was notified
in September 1997 that he was one of only 53 managers in his field, representing less than one half
uf one percent of the nationwide total. to receive a Vational Corporate Outreach Award from his
highest superior, a member of the President's Cabinet.
He has been married to the forner Helene Heiler since 1980 and the couple has resided in River
Edge NJ since 1982. In July 1996, they adopted two Russian children ages two and three from an
urphanage in Kiros: some 50D miles sourheast of Moscow.
Phone number: 1-201-967-5481
FAl' number: 1-201-967-5110
Please address any corraspondence 10;
Robert J. VanDerClock
P.O. Box 41
Waldsvick NJ 07463-0041
"'
