{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T01:04:59Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 930588, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122072-coyame-mexico-ufo-crash-retrieval-deneb-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "f2247178fcb89f1400a7c56b5dc8a151e96d07d120607b283e5bd002a651c90c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2515, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DENEB:
THE STORY BEHIND MEXICO'S ROSWELL
By Noe Torres and Ruben Uriarte
In the early 1980s, rumors began circulating about a mid-air collision between a UFO and a small
plane in 1974 near Coyame, Chihuahua, Mexico. The eerie tale seemed at first like a soft whisper in the
wind, and, in those pre-Internet days, very few UFO researchers heard about, or paid much attention to,
what would eventually be regarded as the most amazing UFO crash retrieval case since Roswell. The late
Leonard H. Stringfield, one of the first researchers to focus on UFO crash retrievals, said in 1994, "I heard
of the Chihuahua case before, either in the late 1970s or early 1980s. The only detail I vaguely recall is
that a U.S. military team had covertly crossed into Mexico to retrieve the object."
Leonard Stringfield, First Coyame Researcher (U.S. Gov't Photo)
In the early 1990s, the story of the 1974 Coyame UFO crash began spreading like wildfire as a
communication revolution took place in America. It was the advent of electronic bulletin board (BBS)
systems, a precursor to Internet chat rooms, blogs, and forums. For the first time, people from all walks of
life, using a personal computer and a simple computer modem, could dial into a host computer system to
share and discuss information on any topic. Suddenly, vast amounts of textual data could be easily
exchanged among users. It was within this "brave new world" that UFO researchers began sharing and
discussing the stunning Coyame story.
In 1992, an intriguing document titled Research Findings on the Chihuahua Disk Crash, began
appearing on electronic bulletin board systems that specialized in UFO case information. The document,
which has since been dubbed The Deneb Report, carries a release date of 1992 and attributes its
authorship to someone identified only as JS. The mysterious JS states that he is addressing the message to
"All Deneb Team Members."
Although the origin of this document remains unknown, the use of the word "Deneb" may be an
important clue. A highly luminous blue star in the constellation Cygnus, Deneb (Alpha Cygnus) has
significance in astronomy, astrology, UFOlogy and also in speculative fiction. Scientifically speaking,
Deneb (Alpha Cygnus) is a highly luminous blue star in the constellation Cygnus. It is, in fact, one of the
brightest objects in the night sky. According to Astronomy.com, Deneb is a supergiant star that "pumps
out enough light to equal 60,000 Suns" and is approximately 1,630 light years away from Earth.
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 753, "chars": 4626, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ironically, Deneb is often mistaken by ground observers for a UFO, and its presence in the night sky is
sometimes used as a reason for explaining away UFO sightings.
Probably due to its imposing presence in the night sky, Deneb appears in several important works of
science fiction. Isaac Asimov used Deneb as a setting in several of his short stories, most notably "The
Feeling of Power" (1958) and "The Machine That Won the War" (1961). Deneb is also mentioned in
several episodes of Star Trek: The Original Series, including "Where No Man Has Gone Before," "I,
Mudd," and "The Trouble With Tribbles."
Deneb and Cygnus are said to have been of special significance to stargazers in ancient times. In a
2007 article in Atlantis Rising, Dr. Greg Little wrote, "The reason Cygnus was so important to the
ancients is most easily answered by a previously mentioned fact. The brightest star of the Cygnus
constellation is Deneb, which was the pole star 17,000 years ago. But there is an even more intriguing
aspect to this. Cygnus lies at a critical juncture in the Milky Way known as 'The Great Rift.' It is at this
spot that the Milky Way splits into two long sides with a dark, murky area dividing it. This precise
location of the Milky Way has served as a key component in many ancient religious systems. The most
mysterious and important religious beliefs held by ancient people concerned the origin and destiny of
souls. The Milky Way and The Great Rift are the specific geographic locations central to ancient beliefs
about the soul."
Mayan shamans in southern Mexico referred to The Great Rift as the Xibalba be, attributing to it a
very special place in their cosmology. The Xibalba be was associated with the birth of all life - the very
"center" of the galaxy. Paranormal researcher John Major Jenkins observes, "These processes and
concepts are intimately involved in the understanding that the Milky Way is the Great Mother, and the
dark rift is her vagina or birth place. It is the place of transformation that the prospective male king must
enter in order to be reborn as the king, a divine being." Because of these beliefs, Mayan astronomers were
especially fixated on Cygnus and the heavenly bodies that shone all around the giant blue star Deneb.
On December 21, 2012, in a rare astronomical alignment, the winter solstice sun will appear right in
the middle of The Great Rift. Jenkins explains, "At dawn on the winter solstice of A.D. 2012, the sun will
be right in this dark-rift, and the orientation is such that the Milky Way rims the horizon at all points
around. Thus, the Milky Way 'sits' on the earth, touching it at all points around, opening up the cosmic
sky portal. The galactic and solar planes are thus aligned." Students of ancient Mayan prophecies point
out that 2012 is the end of the Mayan "Great Cycle" and may herald the end of human civilization.
Deneb and Cygnus are also prominent in UFO lore. According to the controversial "Serpo" theories
first collected by researcher Victor Martinez, Cygnus is said to be the origin of two of the five species of
aliens that the U.S. government has observed visiting the earth. Serpo believers say that the U.S.
government sent a military team of twelve humans on a visit to a planet in Zeta Reticuli as part of an
extraterrestrial "exchange program." The Serpo documents state that the U.S. government has
"catalogued" three different species from Zeta Reticuli -- the Ebens, the Quadloids, and the Trantaloids;
whereas two other catalogued species - the Archquloids and the Heplaloids - originate in the
constellation Cygnus, near The Great Rift.
Given the prominence of the term "Deneb" among the ancient Mayans of southern Mexico and in
recent UFO beliefs, the reference in the Deneb report is both striking and significant. As the report
appears to be the work of U.S. government insiders with access to top secret documents, it seems clear
that the word "Deneb" had special significance within these secret circles of UFO knowledge. It is
possible that these insiders considered Deneb as the possible origin of some or all of the UFO occupants.
It is also possible that this report was prepared for the benefit of human agents who were in
communication with representatives from Deneb.
The Deneb report's author is identified only by the initials or acronym JS. The JS could either be
someone's actual initials or it may be an acronym standing for, perhaps, "Joint Staff," "Joint Services,"
"Joint Stars," or "Journal Staff." Students of this puzzling document continue to hope that more
information will surface about its mysterious origins.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 3006, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To more fully understand the Deneb Report, we will first closely examine the text of the actual
document and then we will trace the "chain of custody" for the document once it made its appearance in
1992. Below is the full text of the narrative, as it first surfaced on BBS systems in the early 1990s:
FILE UF03263.
SUBJECT: THE CHIHUAHUA DISK CRASH
To:
Al1 Deneb Team Members
JS
Date:
Text:
23 Mar 92
Subject: Research Findings on the Chihuahua Disk Crash
On 25 Aug 74, at 2207 hrs, US Air Defense radar detected an unknown approaching US airspace from the Gulf
of Mexico. Originally the object was tracked at 2,200 (2530 mph) knots on a bearing of 325 degrees and at
an altitude of 75,000 feet, a course that would intercept US territory about forty miles southwest of
Corpus Christi, Texas. After approximately sixty seconds of observation, at a position 155 miles southeast
of Corpus Christi, the object simultaneously decelerated to approximately 1700 (1955 mph) knots, turned to
a heading of 290 degrees, and began a slow descent. It entered Mexican airspace approximately forty miles
south of Brownsville, Texas. Radar tracked it approximately 500 miles to a point near the town of Coyame,
in the state of Chihuahua, not far from the US border. There the object suddenly disappeared from the
the flight over Mexican airspace,
the object
leveled off at 45,000 feet, then descended
steps, not a smooth curve or straight line, and
each level was maintained
for approximately five minutes.
The object was tracked by two different military radar installations. It would have
Brownsville civilian radar, but it is
that no civilian radar detected the
object due to a lack of
disappearance from
OveL a
populated area of Northern Mexico. At first
it was assumed that the object had descended below the radar's
horizon and a watch was kept for any re-emergence of the object. None occurred.
At first it was assumed that the object might be a meteor because of the high speed and descending flight
meteors do not normally make a thirty-five degree change in course. Shortly after detection an air defense
before any form of
scrambled, the object
territory. The alert was called off within
minutes after the object's disappearance from the radar screen.
Fifty-two minutes after the
disappearance,
civilian radio traffic indicated
that a civilian aircraft had
gone down
in that area.
But it was clear
that the missing aircraft had departed El
Paso International with
a destination of Mexico City, and
could
not, therefore,
have
been
the
object tracked
over
the Gulf of
Mexico.
It was noted, however, that they both disappeared in the
same
area and at the same
time.
Air Force
Radar
Installation,
Circa
1974 (U.S. Air
Force)
With daylight the next day, Mexican authorities began
a search for the missing plane. Approximately 1035
hrs there came a radio report that wreckage
missing plane had been spotted
immediately came a report of a second plane on the ground a
few miles from the first. A few minutes later
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 560, "chars": 3542, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
an additional report stated that the second
circular shaped and apparently in |
although damaged. A few minutes after that the Mexican military clamped a radio silence on all search
The radio interceptions were reported through
to the CIA. Possibly as many
as two additional
government agencies also received reports, but
confirmed as of this date.
immediately began forming a recovery team. The
speed with which this team and its equipment was assembled
suggests that this was either a well-rehearsed
exercise or one that had been performed prior to this
In the meantime requests were initiated at the highest levels between the United States and Mexican
governments that the US recovery team be allowed
onto Mexican territory to "assist." These requests were
met with professed ignorance and a flat refusal of any cooperation.
By 2100 hrs Ilikely should be 1200 hrsl, 26 Aug 74,
the recovery team had assembled and been staged at
Fort Bliss. Several helicopters were flown in from
some unknown source and assembled in a secured
area.
These helicopters were painted a neutral sand color and bore no markings. Eye witness indicates that there
were
three smaller craft, very probably UHI
was also
larger
helicopter, possibly a Sea Stallion. Personnel from this team remained with their craft and had no contact
with other Ft. Bliss personnel.
Simulation of Coyame UFO by Noe Torres
Satellite and recognizance aircraft overflight that day indicated
that both
the crashed
sites
loaded on
flat bed trucks. Later
and the
confirmed that the convoy had departed the area heading south.
At that point the CIA had to make a choice,
either to
allow this unknown aircraft to stay in the hands of
the Mexican government, or to launch the recovery
team, supplemented by any required military support, to
take
the craft.
the choice out of their hands. High
altitude
overflights indicated that the convoy had stopped before
areas
or major roads.
Recon showed no
activity, and radio contact between the Mexican recovery team and its headquarters had
ceased. A low altitude, high-speed overflight was ordered.
The photos returned by that aircraft showed all trucks and jeeps stopped,
some with open doors, and two
human bodies laying on
the ground beside two vehicles. The decision was
immediately made to launch the
recovery team but the actual launching was
of additional equipment and two
additional personnel. It was not until 1438 hrs that the helicopters departed Ft. Bliss.
The four helicopters followed the border down towards Presidio then turned and entered Mexican airspace
north of Candelaria. They were over the convoy site at 1653 hrs. All convoy personnel were dead, most
recovery team members, dressed bio-protection suits,
holding the object on the flatbed truck, then attached them to a cargo cable from the Sea Stallion. By
1714 hrs the recovered object was on its way to US territory. Before leaving the convoy site, members of
team gathered together
then destroyed all with high
included the pieces of the civilian light plane which had been involved in the mid-air
collision. At 1746 hrs the Hueys departed.
The Hueys caught up with the Sea Stallion as it reentered US airspace. The recovery team then proceeded to
approximately twenty-five miles north east of Valentine. There they landed
At that time they resumed the flight and rendezvoused with a
and Kent.
The recovered disk was transferred to a truck large
enough to handle it and capable of being sealed totally. Some of the personnel from the Huey's transferred
to the convoy.
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 2027, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sea Stallion Helicopters (U.S. Navy)
All helicopters then returned to their original bases for decontamination procedures. The convoy continued
and smaller highways, and staying away from cities. The destination of
convoy reportedly was Atlanta, Georgia.
the hard evidence thins out. One unconfirmed report says the disk was eventually transferred to
Wright-Patterson AF Base. Another says that the disk was either transferred after that to another unnamed
base, or was taken directly to this unknown base directly from Atlanta.
The best description of the disk was that it was
sixteen feet, five inches in diameter, convex on both
same degree,
possessing no visible
doors or windows. The
slightly less than five feet. The color was silver, much like polished steel. There were no visible lights
nor any propulsion means. There were no markings. There were two areas of the rim that showed damage,
an irregular hole approximately twelve
inches in diameter with indented material around it. The
other damage was described as a "dent" about two feet wide. The weight of the object was estimated as
five hundred
the effect of the weight on the carrying
helicopter and those who transferred it to the truck.
There was no indication in the documentation available as to whether anything was visible in the "hole."
12" Jagged Hole
24" Dent
5 feet
16 feet, 5 inches (Diameter)
Computer Simulation of Coyame UFO by Noe Torres
It seems likely that the damage with the hole was caused by the collision with the civilian aircraft. That
collision occurred while the object was traveling approximately 1700 knots (1955 mph). Even ignoring the
speed of the civilian aircraft, the impact would have been
agreement with the description of the civilian aircraft as being
"almost totally destroyed." What was
being taken from the crash site was pieces of the civilian aircraft.
The second damage may have resulted when the object impacted with the ground. The speed in that case
should have been considerably less than that of the first impact.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 399, "chars": 2374, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
No mention is made of the occupants of the civilian aircraft. It is not known if any body or bodies were
recovered. Considering the destruction of the civilian light aircraft in mid-air, bodies may well not have
come down near the larger pieces.
Unfortunately what caused the deaths of the Mexican recovery team is not known. Speculation ranges from a
the disk as a result
to a microbiological
There are no
of death or illness by any of the recovery
It would not have been illogical for the
team to have taken one of the bodies back with them for analysis. But there is no indication of
Perhaps they did not have adequate means of transporting what might have been
biologically contaminated body.
Inquires to the FAA reveal no documents concerning the civilian aircraft crash, probably because it did
not involve a Us aircraft.
It should be noted that the above facts do not tell the complete story. Nothing is known of the analysis
of the craft or its contents. Nothing is known about the deaths associated with the foreign recovery team.
Nor is it known if this craft was manned or not.
Other questions also remain, such as why would a recovered disk be taken to Altanta? And where did the
first detected approximately
200 miles from US territory, yet US air defenses
extend to a much greater distance than that. If the object descended into the atmosphere, perhaps NORAD
space tracking has
some record of the object. Alternate possibility is that it entered the Gulf of Mexico
under radar limits then
"jumped" up to 75,000 feet. Considering prior behavior exhibited by disks of this
size, it is probable that the entry
was from orbital altitude.
The facts that are known have been gathered from two eye witness accounts,
documentation illegally copied,
and a partially destroyed document.
This was done in 1978 by a person who
is now dead. Only in February of
this year [1992] did the notes and documents come
into the hands of our group.
[End of Document]
As the Deneb Report continued circulating on BBS systems in the early 1990s, paper copies of the
document also began appearing in the mailboxes of key UFO researchers in the U.S. and Europe. In the
summer of 1993, a copy of the report, mailed out anonymously, found its way into the hands of UFO
activist Elaine Douglass, who at that time was an officer for the Washington, D.C. UFO group Operation
Right to Know.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 520, "chars": 3348, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Douglass, who holds a Master's degree in military policy from M.I.T., carefully examined the
mysterious letter she discovered in her mailbox but could find no evidence of who sent it, other than a
postmark from Santa Ana, California. Douglass thus became one of the very first civilian UFO
researchers to examine an actual copy of the document.
In the book Mexico's Roswell: The Chihuahua UFO Crash (College Station, TX: VBW Publishing,
2007), Douglass gives, for the first time, a detailed analysis surrounding the events associated with her
receipt of the document and her subsequent investigation of its contents. She believes that the "Chihuahua
Disk Crash" report was created by employees within the government's intelligence community who
gathered scraps of UFO-related information over many years. Although these individuals likely did not
have sufficient security clearance to be "officially" in the know, they managed to collect important data,
which eventually fit together perfectly, like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. Despite not having access to any
physical evidence from the Coyame UFO crash, these government employees, who referred to themselves
as "Deneb team," managed to connect the dots and come up with the amazing scenario described in the
Research Findings on Chihuahua Disk Crash. They then shared their findings within a small network of
trusted acquaintances and possibly also used an electronic bulletin board system.
Douglass speculates that groups like the "Deneb team" exist within the government and that they
collect and share information among their members regarding incidents such as the recovery of
extraterrestrial artifacts. She feels certain that a number of people who have served in government are
fully aware of the reality of UFOs. Further, there are individuals within government who seem determined
to amass information about this topic, although their exact motives for doing so are not clear. One is left
to wonder what their intent is, as very little of this information ever seems to come out into the public
view.
Simulated UFO Set Against Actual Photo of Coyame Desert (by Noe Torres)
Douglass considers it critical to understand that government employees who stumble upon UFO
secrets are, like all of us, curious human beings. Although they feel obligated to keep secret what they
have learned, they are no less eager to learn more of the matter than we would be. From their vantage
point, they are better able than we to recognize traces of governmental cover-ups, and occasionally, they
may actually stumble across hard facts of a documented alien contact. Undoubtedly, these government
employees are, like we, consumed by curiosity and transfixed by the importance of the topic of
extraterrestrial visitations to Earth. However, unlike civilians, they cannot openly speak or write about
what they know. Fear and implied threats keep them silent. So what can they do if they desire to reveal
what they know? According to Douglass, the answer to this question may lie in the Deneb team's report.
Douglass characterizes the Deneb team as a "quiet little informal study group" composed of like-
minded government employees seeking to uncover the truth about a specific UFO incident. She feels
these types of informal study groups may be a typical method used by groups of trusted acquaintances to
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 435, "chars": 2761, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
discuss and share what they have learned about UFOs. These groups, operating with great secrecy and
anonymity, also involve themselves in discretely collecting information about UFO events such as the
Coyame crash retrieval.
Douglass thinks that the author of the "Chihuahua Disk Crash" document, identified as JS, somehow
obtained access to written government reports regarding the Coyame crash. JS makes a number of
references throughout the document to written sources, such as in stating that "no mention is made of the
occupants of the civilian aircraft." Apparently, JS is summarizing the content of one or more documents
in which the events of the Chihuahua crash are described
Additionally, JS seems to refer to several verbal conversations that have taken place regarding the
Coyame event. He refers to several "unconfirmed" reports. This suggests that JS has had a number of
conversations with others on the Deneb team, while diligently working to piece together a number of
disjointed bits of information they have gathered.
More importantly, JS refers to at least one "eye witness." Douglass thinks this witness was a
government employee or soldier stationed at the Fort Bliss Army Base in 1974. Although the eyewitness
was probably not involved in the Coyame recovery operation, apparently he or she watched from afar as
the recovery team was assembled and knew some important specifics about the mission. Douglass
speculates that the witness may have been a woman, perhaps a civilian employee of the base, because
while her observations are detailed and factual, she does not seem to be intimately familiar with the exact
models of the aircraft used in the operation. Most male base employees would probably have known the
exact type of each aircraft.
The document itself is a fairly straightforward recitation of facts that have been collected by JS and
others. There is nothing in the document that sheds light as to what type of position or rank the author
may have held at the time of the events described. Again, the document appears to result from efforts by
individuals within the government to collect and share bits of classified information about UFOs that they
have pieced together from various sources. The author of the document does not seem overly concerned
about the possible consequences of being found out by his or her superiors; however, there is clearly an
effort to remain anonymous.
TOP SECRET
THIS IS A COVER SHEET
FOR CLASSIFIED INFORMATION
SECURITY OF THE UNITED STATES
Typical Top Secret Document (U.S. Government)
An interesting side note is the designation FILE UFO3263, which appears at the top of the original
Chihuahua Disk Crash report. Douglass believes this indicates that the Coyame crash information is only
8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 2924, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
one of a larger body of carefully cataloged UFO documents. This catalog is obviously maintained by the
same clandestine UFO research group consisting of current and former U.S. government employees. One
might also infer from the use of the term UFO that this term is actually used in "official" government
classified documents, which is something that the U.S. security agencies have steadfastly denied.
Toward what end is this UFO material being assembled and catalogued? Although the information is
shared among the members of internal, closed groups, these same members do not seem particularly
interested in disclosing what they know to the general public. Douglass believes that this stems from the
fact that although they view themselves as deserving to know classified UFO secrets, they do not feel that
the general public should know. Due to their positions, they are unable or unwilling to reveal what they
know, nor do they want their information indiscriminately trumpeted to the masses by civilian UFO
researchers. Thus, the information remains locked away in these quiet little study groups.
Douglass does not believe that Research Findings on Chihuahua Disk Crash was leaked by anyone
associated with the Deneb team, but rather that a portion of it was stolen from the group and later mailed
to civilian UFO investigators, including herself.
According to Douglass, it is also not entirely outside the realm of possibility that the Deneb team was
not an informal, unofficial study group but rather an official one, sanctioned by some branch or unit of the
U.S. government to uncover facts about the Coyame UFO crash. It is possible that the Deneb team was
assembled and tasked by a high government official with a staff, a budget, and the authority to conduct an
inquiry into a classified government operation.
Historically, it appears that UFO evidence is such a tightly held secret that it has even been kept from
even high elected officials, including possibly the President of the United States. The truth about UFOs is
genuinely held to a strict "need to know" doctrine. Therefore, a high government official, feeling out of
the loop and at a serious disadvantage on this issue, might desire to conduct an inquiry into specific events
such as the Coyame event in an effort to become better educated on the matter.
Let's suppose that a government official, elected or appointed, desires to uncover UFO evidence that
he or she suspects exists. His motivation might be a deep personal interest in the extraterrestrial matter;
or, perhaps knowledge of extraterrestrials is seen as a means of advancing his career in government. If a
high official amasses a cabinet-full of data on UFO crash retrievals, this information can surely be useful
to secure funding, to gain more powerful positions, to sit on influential committees, and so on.
Simulated UFO Set Against Actual Photo of Coyame Desert (by Noe Torres)

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 755, "chars": 4724, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Whatever its origin, the Deneb report was clearly not intended for release to the general public. It was
meant to be circulated only within the members of the Deneb team. However, it was at some point stolen
from the Deneb team, re-typed, and then circulated outside the team. Eventually, someone anonymously
mailed out copies of the report to several UFO researchers.
After finishing her analysis of the Deneb report, Elaine Douglass adds this fascinating footnote,
"While I was MUFON state director Washington DC, and well before I received the Deneb team
document in the mail, I was contacted by an individual recently discharged from the military who told me
something of interest indirectly related to the Mexican disk crash."
"The individual told me that while he was in the military, he served with a unit whose function was to
go inside foreign countries, perform some task and get out quickly without the government of the foreign
country knowing the unit had been there."
Douglass says that she met with her informant, a man in his late thirties, in a Washington D.C. coffee
shop, "He showed me his military records, which were in plastic sleeves in a 3-ring binder. He said that
the unit he served with was stationed in the United States and was not unique. That is, that there are
several such teams in readiness at all times."
Douglass remembers her informant saying that the rapid-deploy missions he had been involved in
were always extremely high stress, and that it took the team members a long time after completion of their
object to "unwind" and return to normalcy. According to the source, soldiers returning from these stealth
missions were tense to the point of irrationality for a long period afterward. Anyone who irritated one of
these men was in serious danger of being "punched out" by them.
According to Douglass, the informant did not describe in great detail any specific missions his rapid-
deploy teams had performed. Also, he did not state that he himself had been involved in any UFO crash
recoveries. However, he did indicate that recovering crashed UFO artifacts would have been well within
the scope of the types of missions these groups undertook and had in fact undertaken in the past. "I recall
him saying that he and his fellow servicemen used to stay up late at night talking about UFOs and
extraterrestrials and wondering what was their ultimate significance," Douglass explains.
Douglass believes that the rapid-deploy stealth team described in the Research Findings on
Chihuahua Disk Crash document is exactly the type of unit that her anonymous ex-military informant
was talking about. The quick incursion into Mexico, the destruction of the evidence, the recovery of the
disk, and the clandestine truck convoy from Texas to Atlanta via less-traveled roads were the very kinds
of activities described to Douglass by the man she met in Washington, D.C.
"The one thing my informant told me I will never forget he said his team had standing orders not to
return any bodies. On the face of it this would have to include human or extraterrestrial bodies." Douglass
feels this could indicate that the U.S. government already has already made a large number of UFO body
recoveries and that the recovery of bodies is no longer a priority.
After receiving her copy of the Chihuahua Disk Crash report, Douglass immediately passed along a
copy of it to Leonard Stringfield, pioneer crash retrieval researcher. Stringfield included the account in his
final report on UFO crash retrievals, published in February 1994 and titled UFO Crash/Retrievals: Search
for Proof in a Hall of Mirrors (Status Report IV). In publishing the account, Stringfield told his readers
that he had previously avoided UFO stories from anonymous sources, but that "there seems to be a
legitimacy to the 1974 Chihuahua crash report." Stringfield describe the account as "authoritatively
written, using correct military terminology and, of note and unlike a hoax, draws a line between so-called
'hard evidence' and that which is speculative."
In addition to the copy sent to Elaine Douglass, the report was also mailed anonymously to several
other UFO researchers in the U.S. and Britain from 1993 to 1996. In his 2005 book Majic Eyes Only:
Earth's Encounters with Extraterrestrial Technology, UFO researcher Ryan S. Wood states, "The report
appears to have been written by a source or sources with intimate knowledge of the incident at issue who
desired the release of the evidence to interested parties."
UFO researcher B.J. Booth agrees,
"I am sure the informant was not one of a lower rank, or clerical
person. There is not any way that one 'not in the loop' could be privy to the type of information that was
10

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 620, "chars": 3967, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
covered in the Chihuahua account. In my opinion, and I cannot prove this, I would say that the informant
would have been an active military person of high regard who was involved heavily in the actual seizure
and relocation of the crash debris - probably military intelligence."
As there were a number of other UFO reports posted on various bulletin board systems by a "JS"
addressed to "All Deneb Team Members," this appears to have been a clandestine group of UFO
researchers, operating possibly within the U.S. government, who were active in the 1980s and early
1990s.
The most striking aspect of the Deneb report is that it sounds entirely plausible. It stands up to careful
scrutiny, and even after closely correlating all events to a timeline, plotting on maps all movements
described, and carefully checking other facts mentioned therein for historical and logistical accuracy. The
information most certainly came from a person or persons who either actually witnessed the events or
read original source documents about those events.
"The Coyame case is extremely intriguing, and I have no reason at this time to doubt it," B.J. Booth
says. "This could be one of the very best UFO crash and recovery cases, if more witness corroboration,
and documentation could be made available."
The Deneb report is said to have originated with two eyewitnesses, some illegally copied documents,
and one partially destroyed document. The illegal copying was done in 1978, and the person who copied
the documents subsequently died. The copied documents apparently contained the written accounts of two
persons who witnessed some or all of the events.
It is also noteworthy that Leonard Stringfield recalled first having heard of a Chihuahua, Mexico UFO
crash "either in the late 1970s or early 1980s." That means Stringfield heard the story very shortly after
the original documents were leaked, sometime after 1978.
Interestingly, the release of the Deneb report came 18 years after the actual events. That's about the
number of years it would take for individuals who were in their forties in 1974 to reach retirement age. If
this report did indeed originate with persons who experienced the events firsthand, it makes sense that
they waited until their retirement from military service to disclose.
Whatever it's exact origin, the Deneb Report remains to this day one of the most amazing and
seemingly-credible UFO crash retrieval documents to ever surface. Since precious little additional
information about this case has yet surfaced, the Deneb Report, at least for now, is the best record we
have of what seems to have been one of the watershed events in the history of mankind - the recovery of
extraterrestrial artifacts in the desert of Northern Mexico.
About the Authors
Noe Torres and Ruben Uriarte are the authors of Mexico's Roswell: The Chihuahua UFO Crash,
originally published in 2007, with a second edition issued in 2008. The critically-acclaimed book is a
detailed study of the 1974 crash of a UFO and a small plane near Coyame, Mexico, and it is available for
purchase at all online bookstores and at www. roswellbooks.com.
The authors have been interviewed about this case on numerous radio and TV shows, including Coast to
Coast AM with George Noory. Their book was featured in an episode of the History Channel's UFO
Hunters television series, which first aired in February 2008. Noe and Ruben have also spoken about
"Mexico's Roswell" at many conferences and events, including at the 60* Roswell Anniversary Event in
Roswell, New Mexico, in July 2007, and at the Crash Retrieval Conference in November 2007.
The authors have also published a book about a UFO crash retrieval that occurred near Del Rio, Texas, in
the 1950s. The Other Roswell: UFO Crash on the Texas-Mexico Border tells the amazing story of a
retired Air Force Colonel who chased a UFO across Texas in his fighter jet and watched it crash on the
south bank of the Rio Grande River.
11

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 16, "chars": 112, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
re

Noe Torres (lefi t) ‘) and Ruben Uriarte (right) at Peguis Canyon, near 1974 UFO Crash Site

1
- «; pha

12
