{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T14:45:01Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 532589, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122064-1941-cape-girardeau-missouri-ufo-crash-article-from-mufon-dated-november-2001.pdf", "source_sha256": "fddfd780e6d8b6c0cffbec3b0de41a3f50c64b7f31abb3fbc5f474891ea0c3ab"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 226, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "clean-vision"}
$3.00
MUTUAL UFO NETWORK
UFO JOURNAL
November 2001
Number 403
25
NATIONAL
Cape
Girardeau
SHAWNEE
AN
POREST
Charlette Mann
Mississy,
Charteston
o
Sikeston
TeS
Rev. William Huffman
UFO crash in Cape Girardeau,
Missouri in 1941?

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 422, "chars": 2747, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
.=_
An ongoing investigation
Did a UFO crash in Missouri in 1941?
By Ryan S. Wood
rswood@majesticdocuments.com
ule with hieroglyphic writing inside, and prayed over
each of these non-human entities. When the military ar-
This case was first publicized when Len
nved. everyone was sworn to secrecy, yet upon retum-
ing home to 1530 Main Street he chose lo share this
als: The Inner Sanctum, Status Report VI,
story with his wife and family.
shared an astounding letter from Charlette Mann, the
With this intriguing story and later personally meeting
granddaughter of Reverend William Huffman.
Charlette told of the deathbed account by her grand-
mother, who during the course of several days de-
scribed an unusual event that Rev. Huffman attended
SHANTUE
late one early spring night just 10-15 miles outside of
Cape Girardeau, MO.
Huffman was a traveling Baptist minister who had
moved to Cape Girardeau and started ministering at
NATION,
the Red Star Baptist church in early 1941, according to
church records.
The quick summary of the event was
that when Huffman arrived at the scene, there were
police, fire, FBI, and photographers already there, and
he was asked to provide blessings to the three dead
occupants of an unusual craft.
During this process he observed the command mod-
*Cape
Girardeau
Editor's Note
As author Ryan Wood acknowledges, the 1941 crash
of a UFO in the Cape Girardeau area is only a tantaliz-
SH
ing possibility, not a proven fact, and the investigation is
far from complete. Thus far, all of the evidence is based
on second-hand testimony and controversial documents.
NATION
FORES
There is a formerly secret government document
which indicates that, six years after the alleged incident,
a top Air Force officer was unaware of any crashed
UFOs. This is the Sept. 23, 1947, letter from Lt. Gen.
Nathan Twining, head of the USAF Air Materiel Com-
MISSOUR
mand, to Brig. Gen. George Schuigen, an Air Force in-
telligence officer. However, there is some evidence that
even high-ranking military officers may not have had
access to information regarding crash recoveries, and
govemment utilization of faked documents for cover-up
and misinformation is also possible.
At least one individual close to government research
and development, Dr. Robert Sarbacher, has suggested
- Charleston
that such crashes and recoveries have occurred.
In looking at the total picture, there appears to be
enough evidence to justify continued research on pos-
: Sikeston
sible UFO crashes, including Cape Girardeau.
As additional information becomes available, it will
be shared with Journal readers.
A more detailed ac-
count of Wood's investigation is included in the 2001
MUFON Symposium Proceedings.
November. 2001
MUFON UFO Joumal
Page 3

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 884, "chars": 5235, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Charlette, I became convinced that here was a credible tails. Here is part of the story in Charlette's own words
witness and bizarre story that was in dire need of vali- as recorded for Wood & Wood LLC's upcoming televi-
dation. That confirmation came from many sources in
sion documentary "The Secret: Evidence We Are Not
the past few years, with the freshly revealed Majestic
Alone:"
documents from Tim Cooper and others that clearly
"She (Floy) said that grandfather was called out in
point to a UFO crash retrieval in Missouri in 1941. Cen-
che spring of 1941 in the evening around 9:00-9:30, that
tral to this case is the testimony of Charlette Mann, de-
someone had been called out to a plane crash outside of
classified documents that suggest pre-Roswell events,
town, and would he be willing to go to minister to people
and witness interviews that vary in credibility and
there, which he did. Upon arrival it was a very differ-
scope-but all sources have provided valuable data for
ent situation. HIt was not a conventional aircraft, as we
the realicy of this historic event. More exotic investiga-
know it.
tion tools, such as remote viewers or intuitive experts,
He described it as a saucer that was metallic in color.
have provided additional research avenues that are be-
no seams, did not look like anything he had seen. "It had
ing investigated.
The primary witnesses
Rev. Huffman had a unique specialiy in the Baptist
church: he had the gift of raising money. He was a spe-
cialist who spent about four years in a specific location
to build a church, attendance, fellowship, and cash flow:
He would connect with local leaders to improve the ex-
posure and participation at the church. He was also a
horticulturist, and, despite the stem look in his picture,
had a good deal of charm and innațe salesmanship.
Upon returning from his escorted trip to the crash
site, he proceeded to tell his wife and sons what had
just happened in the woods a short drive outside of
town. It was this retelling of the events that odd night in
1941 to his wife Floy that Charlette would hear in 1984
from her grandmother over the course of several days
as Mrs. Huffman was dying of cancer.
It is important to note that this is not the only time
Charlette was exposed to this story. During her child-.
hood she heard bits and pieces of the story from con-
versations between her father and uncle, and when Floy
was dying, Charlette pressed her to fill in the specific
details as to what really happened that spring evening in
It took a fair amount of pleading with her grand-
mother initially to convince her to violate the commit-
ment she had made to her husband not to speak of it.
Eventually, Charlette succeeded in extracting the story.
She kept after the story for several days, clarifying with
her grandmother until Charlette was confident that she
completely understood what had happened and the de-
one portion,
says
Charlette, "and so
he could walk up
and see that.
In
looking in, he saw a
small metal chair.
gauges and dials.
and things he had
never seen. How-
ever,
what
im-
pressed him most
was around the in-
side there were in-
scriptions and writ-
ings, which he said
he did not recognize,
but were similar to
Egyptian hieroglyph-
Rey. William Huftman
ICS.
"There were three entities, or non-human people, ly-
ing on the ground.
Two were just outside the saucer,
and a third one was further out. His understanding was
that perhaps that third one was not dead on impact.
There had been mention of a ball of fire, yer there was
fire around the crash site, but none of the entities had
been burned and so father did pray over them, giving
"There were many people there, fire people, photog.
raphers, and so they bfted up one, and two men on ei-
ther side stood him up and they stretched his arms out,
they had him up under the armpits and out here. As 1
recall from the picture I saw, he was about 4 feet tall,
About the author
appeared to have no bone structure, soft looking.
"He had a suit on," explains Charlette, 'or we as-
Ryan Wood earned the Bachelor of Science in math-
sume it was a suit; it could have been his skin, and it
ematics and computer science from California Poly-
looked like crinkled, soft aluminum foil. I recall it had
technic State University in 1978. A director of business
very long hands, very long fingers, and I think there
development and sales for an energy conservation com-
were three, but I cannot swear to that."
pany, Wood has been active in researching documents
Other living supporting witnesses include Charlette
Mann's sister, who confinms her story in a notarized
www.majesticdocuments.com web site. He has com-
sworn affidavit, and the living brother of the Cape
pleted with Dr. Robert M. Wood a TV documentary en-
Girardeau County sheriff in 1941, Clarance R. Schade.
titled "The Secret," along with publishing two books and
These witnesses and the others who were there, should
a CD ROM dealing with the Majestic Documents. He
have been there, or likely would have known about this
is a MUFON investigator, an Eagle Scour, a Black Belt
crash event will be examined later.
in Goju-Ryu, and a triathlete.
Now let us tum our attention to other key validating
Page 4
MUFON UFO Journal

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 852, "chars": 5301, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sources for this crash recovery event in 1941-the mili-
the other salvaged by the Navy off the southern Cali-
tary intelligence documents.
fornia coast, presumably because of anti-aircraft fire.
The document trail
Again the questions must tur to why is this docu-
Are there public, authentic documents that support
ment authentic? What impresses me besides the visual
and corroborate the hypothesis of before-Roswell crash
appearance of the document, showing a clear carbon
retrieval events? The first public evidence of this is the
smudge, available at www.majesticdocuments.com, is
February 1942 "LA Air Raid." In this case, for a couple
the fact that just two weeks later Marshall's offices
of hours a slow moving craft was illuminated with spot-
switched from the Office of Chief of Staff (OCS) fil-
lights, 1430 rounds of ammunition were fired, many
ing system and memo numbering to the war depart-
clear direct hits, according to witnesses of the disk
ment system. So, besides the proper Marshall word us-
shaped object. George C. Marshall (GCM) then writes
age and format, it has the correct filing numbers that
a secret memo to the President about this event.
link it to the Los Angeles air raid. The downside is that
However, what is fascinating is
it is not original paper.
that this memo sets up the authenti-
Next we come to a memo ad-
cation of a leaked top secrer memo
dressed to the Non-Terrestrial Sci-
that tells a different story of crash re-
ence and Technology Committee, on
coveries. Yet the most stunning evi-
White House stationary dated Feb-
dence for pre-Roswell events comes
ruary 22, 1944, which is stamped
from leaked military and presidential
Double Top Secret and signed by
intelligence documents. Seven leaked
FDR. This memo says that before
documents from three sources since
we can exploit these "super weap-
1994 provide both direct and indirect
ons of war" we need to win the
support for a crash retrieval event
wat. It goes on to say that when we
that Rev. Huffman recounts.
have won the war the USA must
It is clear from the first memo that
assume its destiny; there will be a
President Franklin D. Roosevelt
time when surplus funds will be
writes to Marshall on Feb. 27, 1942:
available; and finally, FDR com-
"I have considered the disposition of
mends the committee for its work.
the material in possession of the
This documents authenticity is sup-
Army that may be of great signifi-
ported by the rare Double Top Se-
cance toward the development of a
cret stamp and unique language.
super weapon of War.... Consultation
The 1941 recovery case
with Dr. Bush and other scientists on
Charlette Mann
In the MAJIC Eyes Only presi-
the issue of finding practical uses for
dential briefing dated September 24,
the atomic secrets learned from study of celestial de- 1947. (Mission Assessment of Recovered Lenticular
Aerodyne Objects - White Hot Intelligence Estimate)
Just days after the L.A. air raid and related saucer
crash retrievals it would be impossible for the President
two sections directly cite the 1941 recovery case.
The first is in "Part II —Scientific Probabilities."
to have "considered the disposition" of the material col-
and the second in "Part V — National Security Struc-
lected at that L.A. event; therefore, he must be refer-
ture." Part II] states: "Based on all available evidence
ring to an earlier crash. Which brings us to that ever-
collecied from the recovered exhibits currently under
nagging question: so how do we know that these fantas-
study by AMC, APSWP, NEPA, AEC, ONR, NACA,
tie statements and documents are authentic?
JRDB, RAND, USAAF SAG and MIT, are deemed
Are the documents authentic?
extraterrestrial in nature. This conclusion was reached
The key evidence for authenticity are format and lan-
as a result of comparisons of artifacts from the Mis-
guage, with liabilities primarily the document origin. Al-
souri discovery in 1941. The technology is outside the
though not discussed here, the logic for faking such
scope of US Science, even that of German rocket and
documents is extremely weak and is discussed in an-
aircraft development."
other paper on Psychological Warfare and the Majestic
The "from the Missouri" logically fits into the space
Documents that can be found on our website.
provided and is consistent with supporting testimony,
However, another document that is even more sup-
although I'm sure that other words would fit and make
portive of the pre-Roswell hypothesis' and that has
sense. The fact that in Part V the author laments the
fewer liabilities is the Top Secret memo from Marshall
lack of a unified intelligence effort I think is notewor-
to the President dated just one week after the Los An-
thy and a valid point for authenticity. It is just another
geles air raid on March S, 1942. It discusses the cre-
subtlety that is hard to create out of whole cloth and
ation of the a special unit ultimately to become the In-
insert seamlessly.
terplanetary Phenomena Unit (IPU) and the crash re-
Here is what was said: "In the early months of
trievals of two more saucers: one by the Army in the
1942, up until presenc, intrusions of unidentified aircraft
San Bernardino Mountains, east of Los Angeles, and
have occasionally been documented, but there has
November. 2001
MUFON UFO Joumal
Page 5

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 767, "chars": 4632, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
been no serious investigations by
the intelligence arm of the Gov-
ernment.
Even the recovery case
of 1941 did not create a unified in-
telligence effort to exploit possible
technological gains, with the ex-
ception
Manhattan
Project."
Besides the unique period lan-
guage, what moved it to the 95%
confidence level for authenticity
was my research into the person-
nel on the mission. During the pro-
cess of tabulating President
Truman's White House switch-
board traffic for who called
whom, when, and how often, I
came across the name of Captain
Charles Buchanan. He was the
only captain ever mentioned in the
Author Ryan Wood and Marcel Kujisten, webmaster at National
Archives, who is assisting in researching this case.
1947 phone records and-wouldn't
you know it-General Carter calls Captain Buchanan
frame, and the photo was never returned: The
on July 7, 1947 at 4:44 PM. So, is this just a coinci-
photographer's name was Walter Wayne Fisk. Stan
dence? I don't think so.
Friedman, also recognizing the importance of this picture,
Who was at the crash site?
tracked Fisk down in New Mexico and spoke with him
To answer this question fairly takes considerable
on the telephone, where a strange tale emerged.
time; there are the direct comments of Huffman, and
Fisk stated he had a doctorate in psychology, yet
then the logical extensions that flow from the Huffman
Friedman was unable to verify his claim, along with
statements. A more complete discussion is in this
Fisk's statement that he was an advisor to presidents.
year's MUFON International Proceedings. Here is
Fisk has repeatedly refused to answer or respond to
what Charlette said about who was at the crash site:
phone calls or letters written by Charlette Mann.
"My grandfather, upon arrival, said there were al-
Since this event happened outside of the town limits,
ready several people there on the scene, two that he
the county sheriff, Ruben Reinhold Schade, would have
assumed were local photographers, fire people. And
been the responsible party. Ruben's brother Clarence
so not long after they arrived, the military just showed
provided a supportive, but not definitive, statement when
up, surrounded the area, took them off in groups sepa-
interviewed: "Yes, I heard of a space ship with
rately, and spoke to each of them. Grandfather didn't
people back a long time ago, but never believed it. little
know what was said to the others, but he was told
Although nowhere near as powerful as the Huffman-
'this didn't happen; you didn't see this; this is national
Mann testimony, I give it partial credit for being a sincere
security; it is never to be talked abour again.'
recollection, especially given the wording he used, "little
"My grandfather was an honorable man, being a
people" rather than ET, alien or non-human.
preacher; that's all that needed to be said to him, And
It is logical to believe that if this event is real, that
so he came home and told the story to my dad, who
many others would have heard about it over the years or
was there, and my grandmother and my uncle.
Now
in secretive conversations or wild tales. Each of these
my mother was expecting at the time, so she was off
persons and family members are being researched.
in the bedroom. My sister was born May 3rd 1941, so
When and where did it crash?
we are assuming chis was the middle to the last of
When may be easier then where, but as of this writing
April. And he never spoke of it again.
solid progress has been made on both questions. We
"But about two weeks later, one of the men who
know from Charlette's testimony that Huffman was
had a personal camera that he had put in his shirt
driven about 10-15 miles outside of town, and then bad to
pocket approached Grandfather and said, 'I think
walk about one-fourth of a mile or so off the road into an
Like yone needs a copy that show it came diut that
open field where a fire was burning. Given these basic
parameters the search area has narrowed to about five
Grandfather had the picture to begin with. But he
square miles, actually areas adjacent to roads at the
never spoke of it again. The other people seem to be
time. Historical aerial photography is available for Octo-
very intimidated and very frightened and paranoid."
ber 1941 and provides a complete stereoscopic overflight
This photo was larer in the possession of Charlette's
of the area. Many areas look promising, and resolution is
father, Guy Huffman, who reportedly allowed a pho-
just a matter of execution.
tographer friend to borrow it in the 1953-55 time
Charlette's testimony is that the crash happened one
Page 6
MUFON UFO Journal
November 2001

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 903, "chars": 5583, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
April 194] evening, because her mother was pregnant
with her sister who was born on May 3rd of 1941. The
fire department records for Cape Girardeau are very
precise. Although there is no clear stunning match with
Charlette's story, there are several good candidates.
According to the story, the fire department was on site,
but which one, Jackson or Cape or both? If they were
sworn to secrecy by the military, would they write the
event down in their logbook, or woukd they record it ac-
curately?
At present, all I have is the Cape fire logbook for
1941. An examination of fires in the evening for late
March and April show only a few possible matches. On
March 30, from 6:22 p.m. to 6:58 p.m. in Houck Woods
(actually Louis Houck who lived in the correct area-10-
15 miles out of town). On April 22, from 11:59 p.m. to
4:35 a.M. at the Blattner brothers residence out highway
61, again the right area.
It will take a review of the historical aerial photogra-
phy to verify these fires. At this time the precise loca-
tion and date are unconfirmed; further research with
police, military records, and fire call logs is planned,
along with aerial photography and ground surveys.
Although of speculative value without confirmation,
Joe McMoneagle (Intuitive Intelligence Applications)
provided data purporting that there are small pieces of
confirmed much of the Huffman-Mann story and pro
vided new checkable data.
Is this real?
After working on this case for about two years and
talking with Charlette Mann on numerous occasions, el-
ther briefly on the phone, over dinner, or in front of a
television camera, her story, demeanor, and integrity
have provided no hints of deception or confabulation. I.
like Leonard Stringfield ten years earlier, came to the
conclusion that here was a very sincere woman with a
quality case worthy of a dedicated effort at validation.
The story does not hinge on Charlette's testimony
alone; there are the low level stories from credible
people like Clarance Schade that loosely support the
event. Then there is the deliberate silence of Wayne
Fisk, the last person to have handled the allen picture.
Adding more weight to the truth side is the highly be-
lievable and likely authentic military and presidential
documents that support a crash retrieval in 194l.
It is the cotality of these facts that leads me to think it
is reasonable to conclude that there was a crash event
as described by Rev. Huffman's wife to Charlette
The final resolution to this case is still out there. It
may come in the form of physical evidence, bits of
wreckage, new witnesses, historical aerial photography.
soil samples, or archival research. All these fronts are
being actively worked, and there is every reason to pre-
dict success. Anyone having additional information on
witnesses, stories, documents, leads, personnel records.
and historical records is requested to contact me.
November. 2001
Keel's Mothman Prophecies
scheduled for movie theaters
"The Mothman Prophecies," a film based on the
1975 book by ufologist John Keel, is to be released Feb.
22, 2002. "Primal Fear" co-stars Richard Gere and Laura
Linney will reunite for this film
It is described as "a cerebral and creepy cale of the
paranormal," and is supposedly based on actual events
that transpired in Point Pleasant, WV, between Novem-
ber 1966 and December 1967. The time frame of the
original occurrences has been condensed and updated.
and the story now happens over the course of a few
weeks during the present. The names of the main char-
acters, some of whom are based on actual people, have
also been changed.
The protagonist is Washington Post political reporter
John Klein (Gere), an up-and-coming journalist who in-
teracts with influential people on Capitol Hill and is being
eyed for a job at CNN. He has a beautiful wife named
Mary, and life seems to be going his way, but things begin
to fall apart.
He discovers the drawing of a bug-like man that Mary
has drawn. A year later, while traveling in West Virginia,
his car breaks down and he has a bizarre encounter with
a rural homeowner who claims John has come to his
door at exactly the same time three nights in a row. Even
worse, he discovers hé has somehow
traveled four
hundred miles out of his way in less time than was pos-
sible.
He soon learns of all the other odd goings-on that have
been happening lately in Point Pleasant. It seems a num-
ber of locals. including many "normal" and well regarded
folks, have seen strange lights over the Ohio River while
others have had visions of a strange bug or bird-like man.
A drawing of this creature rocks John when he realizes
this is the exact same image Mary drew. And bizarre
events continue, as in the book.
Fate Magazine taken over
by Phyllis Galde
Lakeville, MN-Llewellyn Worldwide, Ltd. of St Paul.
MN has reached a licensing agreement with Phyllis Galde.
owner of Galde Press, Inc., for the right to publish Fate
Magazine. Galde has been Editor-in-Chief of Fate since
December of 1999.
Llewellyn granted the trademark license after it had
considered discontinuing the magazine in August Galde
inhents all responsibilities for publishing the longrunning
magazine which was launched in 1947 by Curtis Fuller
and Ray Palmer.
Carl Weschoke had this to say about the move,
, "When
the Fullers decided to retire in 1988, they sold Fate to
Llewellyn, and we did our best to carry on with their in-
tent. Today, however, it is time to pass the torch yet again.
Fate is an adventure into this greater and wonderful world:
Phyllis Galde is your guide."
MUFON UFO Journal
Page 7
