{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T12:23:30Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 108105, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304138047751644, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122015-flying-saucer-crash-retrieval-fort-riley-ks-december-10-1964-description-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540879310000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/122015-flying-saucer-crash-retrieval-fort-riley-ks-december-10-1964-description-ufo-crash-retrievals-by-leonard-stringfield.pdf", "source_sha256": "ab7bcaf074e2363fc505d7da82299da21739e2a99e0dd7ef447f25bf7c5e7514"}

9


COMMENT:

I made a check on General "T" at Wright-Patterson; They had no entry on his secret
assignment there, however, a check at another Air Base through the Accounting and
Finance Section, confirmed his existence. No address was released on grounds of
Privacy Act. However, M. S. knows where the General was to make his residence
after retirement.

Making a further check on the authenticity of the General and his knowledge of secret
UFO reports, I checked with another Intelligence source and obtained additional
corroborative information concerning the Nellis AFB incident.

ABSTRACT 20

"Your book, Situation Red, The TWO Siege, really did it," said AK, calling me from
California on June 19, 1978. "It convinced me that I should tell my story to you
about a UFO that landed, or had maybe crashed, at Ft. Riley, Kansas."

Needless to say, I was receptive to hear AK's story. He, of course, asked to keep
his name confidential because .he recalled a General's warning, who was on the scene
of the landing, that he would have his "expletives' shot off it he talked.

The incident occurred on a crisp, cold night on December 10, 1964. At 2:00 a.m.,
AK, a PFC on guard duty at the Motor Pool, and three other Army personnel of the
1st Division on regular guard duty, were summoned by the Officer of the Day, Lt. if.,
to join him by vehicle to a remote area on the base described as a training area in
Camp Forsyth, which is part of the Ft. Riley complex. On departure to this area, he
was issued an extra clip for his M 14 rifle.

"I was scared," admitted AK. "In fact, Fm trembling right now as Fm telling you
this." I told AK that I was aware of a number of UFO landings and crashes on or
near military installations and that he could trust me regarding the confidentiality of
his name.

After driving a good distance, U. H. parked his vehicle alongside the road. He, AK
and the other guards were ordered to hike about a half mile across an open flat field.
Before him, AK watched the searchlight beam from an overhead Huey helicopter playing
down on the field. It was focused on a large round object resting on the ground.
PFC AK and his comrades stood in shock. He remembers he shouted, 'GOD DAMN,
a Flying Saucer!"
                                                     F

Already on the scene were about 10 Army personnel of various ranks, including a Major
General. Promptly, AK was asked for his ID and given a direct order by the General
to patrol the pounded craft by circling around it and to 'shoot anyone if they tried
to force their way to the craft.'

At this time, PFC AK was sharply admonished about keeping the incident secret.
Comments AK, "When I was in the Army, when a General told you something, you
obeyl"

The lone Huey chopper continuously flew overhead while certain personnel on hand
checked the object with instruments, and maintained communication by field radio with
head phones. Nearby a 5-ton truck was parked with lights off. On two occasions,
the Huey chopper flew over parts of the field, said AK, as though looking for other
evidence. When the Huey was away, a "deathly quiet" prevailed, he said, "It was
eerie!"
                                          20
    1
O


    J


        Said AK on several occasions during his 2% hours of guard duty, he got close to the
        metallic craft. "The air was much warmer when I got close," he said.

        The grounded UFO, said AK, which had impacted into the soil and stood at a tilt, was
        approximately 35 to 48 feet in diameter and 12 to 18 feet in height. It was perfectly
        round, shaped like a hamburger bun. In the middle, or at the equator, of its smooth
        aluminum-like surface, was a black band made up of squares, each jutting out about
        10 inches. AK could not determine if the squares were windows or what purpose they
        served. The only protruding part on the UFO, said AK, was a fin-like device and
        beneath it an aperture which may have been an exhaust unit.

        Said AK, the UFO was not lighted, he sensed no vibrations from its power system and
        smelled no odors. "It was dead," he said. Asked about recovery of occupants from
        the craft, he replied, "Sorry to disappoint you, but I was not aware of any life inside
        the craft, or if any bodies were taken out of it later."

        The next morning, said AK, "I had a headache, but this was probably caused by the
        excitement and fatigue."

        AK said he heard from other sources on the Army base that ,UFOs were sighted in
        the area prior to the landing. He recalls no details.

        AK, on my request, sent me two drawings of the grounded UFO showing rear and front
        views. The drawings also show the Huey helicopter hovering over the UFO, which are
        used as Exhibits A and B of this abstract.

        COMMENT:

        PFC AK was unable to determine if the UFO had crashed or landed, but from his
        observation of the craft' for 2% hours, he believed that it had probably malfunctioned
        and was immobilized. He was unable to learn more details about the incident from
        the local military base and too frightened by the General's threats to bring the matter
        up. With the presence of    a   helicopter and a large truck, it is my belief that the
        craft was haulded away in 'secrecy and perhaps with it, the occupants.

        I checked further with an Intelligence source who was "aware" of this incident.

        Since my phone conversation with AK I have received a tape from him recording his
        experience, and a signed letter. The tape (Exhibit C) is available for public hearing
        during the MUFON Symposium today.

        ABSTRACT U

        On June 29, 1978 my son-in-law, Jeffrey Sparks, Assistant Professor of Theatre Arts
        at St. Leo's College, Dade City, Florida, informed me that he had talked with a person
        who had witnessed the alien humanoids at Wright-Patterson AFB in 1966. According
        to my son-in-law, his contact holds a responsible position in a financial capacity with
        a private firm in Tampa, and had formerly served in military Intelligence. He gave
        me the individual's name and where he could be reached.

        On July 5, 1978, I talked with Mr. JK at length concerning his functions in military
        Intelligence; what he had observed at Wright-Patterson, and, many other aspects of
        crashed alien craft. He also made reference to the computer bank, or "dump file"
        which contains secret information about UFOs dating back to 1948.


                                                  21
    s
