{"created_utc": "2026-09-13T12:26:12Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 304230, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304138990898769, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122082-mj-12-thr-european-connections-south-africa-ufo-crash.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540881880000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/122082-mj-12-thr-european-connections-south-africa-ufo-crash.pdf", "source_sha256": "d5a59687b338fe5fe1ec49c77f6e0e3139f880ce3bbc2141b631d29ac7412d81"}

L.


             LiJt2-TiR? EUROPEAN CONNECTIONS

   Initially the 13J12 papers were sent to Mr. Shandra in an envelope,
   post marked Albuquerquee, as undeveloped 35mm film. Later on Lloore
   published them. Their publication caused a, great deal of surprise
  yi.xed with doubts and anxiety in UFO circles world wide.
(Some admitted them without any questions to be authentic, some
   did note. There was some preliminary work done with regards to their
 'authenticity and the saga still continues' today. What is important
     n this event is that Mr. Moore's ex—colleague or colleague,
 tstantori Friedman is commisioned to carry out further research on
  .`these documents. The funds are provided to him by the Fund For .UFO
 ?Research and LIUFON, so I am told. The role of the funding organizations
   inaitself is raising some questions. One might ask why? For example,
     t the tire when Moore was busy`'discrediting Paul Bennewitz for obvious
   reasons, Bruce Raccabee was following.simillar'track, suggesting
  • ndirectly, thru his own so called independent inquiry, more or less
   what Moore was implying. This is quite obvious in Laccabee's correspondence
  e.
   ryith'I.'.acCampbell.(Some copies of these correspondence are in my
     ossesion).
      ltt oper and few others had openly expressed their suspicion about.
    yr.1Aoore's conducts. Cooper's invitation from the last Lb'FON symposium
 (eras`withdrawn and iioore was allowed in. I would be surprised if anything
  but a1 smoke screen would come out5from this so called investigation
  iito the authenticity and origin of.UJ12 papers from this current research.
  This is yet another close-shop approach by two American UFO groups who
 fork very'closly with each other and hardly ever allow any other even
  volunteer organization to participate; in their operations. This I can
   hay with absolute certainty and'reason. At'the time when the Gulf Breeze
  case,surfaced and again these two. Qrganizations were involved to the
  degree o£ monopolization of the case,CUFOS's effort was responded with
  utmost venom. I:.y own inquiry at that times as one of their own consultants
 ₹(EUFoN) to have some of these photographs analysed was severly rejected
   by wait Andrus. And even today'I am not aware of any body else who
  managed to study those Gulf Breeze `photographs but Bruce I.iaccabeo fawn
 ttFUFOR. who was recently awarded I think 500U^,Dollars, by EUFON. I might'
       carrying some poison in my pen but please do not forget what is
  mentioned here is actually happened ,and is not a hypothecr.
 Tt'is like foxes mediating the wolf ,for devouring the lamb.

 But
 I , reven more important is the European connection of this entire bizzare
  aPt'air., What I. an about to say is what I am told in person by the person
?:5cohcerned, rind the confirmation is, also documented on video tape in
  another occasion in relation to this topic. Er. Tim Good has said to tie
  Qetsonal'.y and in a recent UPO conference, held 'by the Yorkshire UFO
  ^a°ciety'in, September this year (p891, where he was a guest speaker th:t,
   e received hip '.J12 papers froma.


                                          CIA source independently in US. lie
   "nt on saying that he is pleased t&say that he was the first person
     `publish'them, When I questioned him personally in another occasion
   rpe to this conference few months, ago, he said that his source is still
 µan.ractive CIA :member, middle aged. \'ras he referring to 13r. I oore then?
 ?piW he know TIR:N,that Mr. Moore is an active agent and yet despite all
  firs claims to reveal the COV^•,3 Ul'S lie was actually covering him up?
  ff%t s is the case why, what interest does he have in all this? Or,
 }St5iast talking to me about yet another CIA .agent? At some ctrue prior
  tg nublighi.ng his i:1J12 papers iii his look,'Abode Top 'ecret', Ir Good
  travel?.ed to US;: to see. I'Coore and co:spare h15 documents of L.J12 with
  'ogre's. Yet, what is more intriguing is that Good's publi.hed napers,
 whilst to::ing into consideration, his claim,,•to be the fi rst to publish,
 and Moore's are the same. Moore aparently admitted to have tampered
  he`?J12 documents for reasons ,unknown. The next question is, ghat is
 ;.,Good's role in all this?
  When I pat this question to Mr. Good he replied that, Moore published
f his papers initially as I did, later on he decided to make some alterations.
   ('Private conva rsation, the author and Mr. Good, Sep. 23, 19(39).
 1This I can not accept because once a so called document/s published, the
 °latter altered or shortened version could easily be spotted and compared
  with'•ths initial publication. There are two important points which would
?,underline my reasoning. One, we should not forget that Hr. Good's '
  !Above Top Secret' book had a world wide distribution, hence if there
 .were any differences r:ith Moore's version, both•parties would have been
 ;subjectect to inquiries about their anomalies. Two, only recently I»oore
  admitted tampering the documents, and before that no one had noticed
  any differences. If Tr. Good was aware of this tampering, as a conscincious
  researcher, why he never mentioned anything about it to UFO community
  to-safeguard the public's interest? Or, was it that he was influenced by
  Ur.`Moore in his facts finding trip? Or, was it a joint decision by both
  parties to publish the documents a they were published in i:ir. Good's
 ,book and. by Mr. Goore, after, may be they both tampered the papers?
 " •
  ,In'&writt&n letter trby CIA, dated' 07 I:L?R 1959, in connection_ to my
  inquiry about ::J12, they say "pIA roview of a 'Majestic 12', Majic 12'
  or LIJ 12-there are variations antong,,.the:requesters, package has been
  requested by a number of persons worldwide. Only one part of th"t package
  as ;submitted to us was purported to be a CIA document;-it was a poorly .
  Cone photocopied fabrication. We cannot identify any CIA equities in any
  of the, other material, and it is not our function to determine who does
  have equities therein" it goes on saying "Unfortunately, as you may flow,
   there have been numerous hoaxes perpetrated over the years lit the field of
  UPO investigation; photocopiers and carbon copies make this process
 L1atively simple."

  Hearin& CIA's reply in mind, if Mr. Good claims that his papers were
 sent 'to him by an active CIA agent, 'then I think, his so called agent
 has some answering to make, and it is a bad time to divert part o£ this
 inquiry towards Hr. Good. Surely, if he knows his source, as he has
 admitted to me, he should be able to get some questions answered with
 regards to the validity or invalidity of these documents and' save the
 ufologists part of this sixteen thousand dollars. And if lie does not
  trust his source, again he should be able to help the line of the inquiry
  by -Adding that point that, these documents might have been fakes and
  dis-information. Although, this would be rather difficult for him now,
  but-still it i+t is not too late. IIe should have had this assurity from
   is source before the publication, and somehow I think he received that
  from Mr. Moore. But, of course we now know who kloore: was and is.
  Other important point is that if Mr. G'ood's source has provided him
  with dis-infon.iation at this time, how many .tines before Mr. Good has
  been taken for a ride with other disinformation, which in return Mr. Good
  has passed on to ufolo~ists, by the same agent? This we do not know.
  Assuming that Mr. Good's source IS reliable, again Hr. Gcod would be the
  best person to go to in order to find out the 'ORIGINAL SOL:tCB' of-the
 i1J1adocuments, in seeking his assistance, that I am sure he should be
  giaa'to.offer. Flow? In the same quiet way that his source provided him
 frith this documents, this agent should be able. to give-him the cwnorting
  evidence: There arc various options'and methods open• to the ufologists
 ,to further this investigations.
                                                                 (P. 3)

Of course, all these options are dependent on the assuaption that
?:r. Good has to].d n: the truth. Aut, if what he has said in some stage
;.s proven to he not the truth, then the honest ufolo::intn are raced
yet with nnothcr 'Unof:N.cia1' r".J13^IC 12 group in their own comnmity
rhi.ch upon their wii1i and well established stance in UPO circles,
give us any tine they wisliTunch of Bubbly googs and expect us to
swallow. I am not putting any coct•ents about Hr. Good's close ties
and links with the elite, of i.cisl/unofficial infoi n•it:ion-emitting
circles here. i;eitlier I am pas:•ing anx -judgement about the concicnts
he has i,ade counle of times 'to one of his close UPO colleagues that
'If I put infront of you t solid, concrete evidence to prove to you
that UPOs do constitute a serious threat to the national security of
U.I.., .:hat would you do?' ar}d his 'fellow colleaguefanswer that
"I woulC publish it", and L:r. Goods final corc:ent 'Thera:Core, I can
not give you that evidence:' In other words this/these nossible
evidence is for 'The eyes Only' Gearing in mind that the of_icial
stance of "inistry of De`sence in U. H. is that UPOs u0 iiOT constitute
any threat to the national security). How has Mr. Good cone upon this
evidence that so many in uli as yet have failed,is a mystery.

I am be;ining to believe that or sometimes now the IWO co:r fixity has
been taken for a ride by a bunch of self acclaimed giants of. ufology.
Some of these intern are infilterated by official agencies, some others:
act as double a_gonts. I firmly believe that I oore is not the last and z-°'
we night see Sec more heads to roll. Although, I do hope I an wrong.


                                                    Henry Azaaehdel.
