{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T15:08:01Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 15, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1582943, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122070-a-tribute-to-honor-ufologist-leonard-h-stringfield-and-my-connection-to-him-by-clark-c-mcclelland.pdf", "source_sha256": "a9dd0a7226c270257706dfdb71dc38ea0d9313711f601b1a2e3f7c5dda2d2976"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 1989, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This Chapter from the book "Stargate Chronicles" is copyright © 2012 by Clark C. McClelland. All rights reserved.
Any unauthorized copying or publication by any means, digital or print, without written authorization of the author, is strictly prohibited.
A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and
My Connection to Him
By
Clark C. McClelland
Former ScO Space Shuttle Fleet
Kennedy Space Center, Florida
In 1978 I had the honor of meeting through several telephone
conversations a fine and intelligent man. This is a tribute to him and
his excellent work in the field of ufology. Leonard Stringfield passed
away in 1994 and is missed by all those who worked with and knew
him. Few can match his honesty and excellence in his search for
UFO/Alien truth. Len had been investigating the UFO mystery for
many years having authored the books Inside Saucer Post, 3-0 Blue,
Situation Red, and The UFO Siege in 1977. Len had also served in a
Public Relations capacity assisting our Colonel Donald E. Keyhoe,
International Director of NICAP from 1957-70. He was on the MU-
FON Board of Directors and also served as an Ohio State MUFON
Leonard H. Stringfield
(1920-1994), Ufologist.
Section Director and worked in association with Dr. J. Allen Hynek
who founded and was the Director of the Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS). He was the Ohio
Representative for Ground Saucer Watch and an Adviser to Eric Gairy who is the former Prime
Minister of the Island nation of Grenada as he was working to have this great mystery recog-
nized within the United Nations to establish an international study of the UFO phenomena in
1978. As if those were not enough responsibilities accomplished by Len he also was the coor-
dinator of the Early Warning for the University of Colorado study of UFOs conducted by Dr.
Edward U. Condon. This was the U.S. Government sponsored UFO Investigation Study at that
University. Len never stopped seeking the truth. He assisted his fine wife in raising a wonderful

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 452, "chars": 2833, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
family. I am proud to have known and worked with him.
In my opinion, some of the most important work that Len initiated and accomplished was
his work titled The UFO Crash/Retrieval Syndrome. Along with his extensive investigations
into UFO Crash/Retrieval of alien starships: Amassing the Evidence-Report I Il and IIl were
released in several excellent status reports. One of which I was associated regarded his Status
Report III which was published in 1982. It involved the status report for Case A-2 found on page
5. A friend of mine since childhood was the Astronomer , James Mullaney , he was the person
that I had received information from regarding this case. Three UFO researchers Fred Schaefer,
Linda Robinson and Gerald Miskar, who lived in New Jersey, had contacted Jim Stringfield. The
three had prepared a very detailed report of the astounding events that a person known as KA
(initials used for witness protection) had with alien recoveries and a UFO/Alien event. I recog-
nized the importance of this obvious crash retrieval and contacted the main expert Len String-
field in Cincinnati, Ohio about his investigation of it.
The superb investigation and report that the three UFO investigators, Schaefer, Robin-
son and Miskar had accomplished was reported to Len and he placed it into his Crash Retrieval
Status Report-Ill. The following is that extraordinary case. The three had met a former veteran
U.S.A.F. photographic expert and he would contact Leonard using a code name KA due to fear
of his former military service causing possible reprisals against him and family. KA had joined
the U.S. Air force in 1954. He was very experienced in photography and had hopes of having
that as his field of specialty in the service. He was sent for basic photographic training to Samp-
son Air Force Base in New York; following this extensive training, a U.S. Air Force Officer ap-
proached him and ordered KA to pack his photographic equipment. He was being reassigned for
special training at another base and not to mention it to any other person. Soon he and five other
men that he had not met prior were sent to the Idyllwild Airport in Queens County, NY. It has
now been renamed in 1963 the John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City. Upon
arrival the six men all boarded an unknown unmarked chartered aircraft and were all flown to
Roswell, New Mexico. They landed at Walker Air Force Base. They were all soon placed with
their photographic equipment into special photo training operations units for as yet unassigned
duties in a large U.S.A.F. Sikorsky Chickasaw S-55 single rotor H-19 helicopter. The copter was
often used in desert search and rescue operations. KA and the other team members were told

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 518, "chars": 3035, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
3
nothing of their future destination. The mission was called secret.
On April 12, 1954 KA reported to Len that he and the others were ordered to prepare for a
mission into the desert and informed that there had been an aerial crash. The mission would be a
DoD designated mission called Rescue-4. He was told that this was a red alert and NOT a drill!
It was TOP Secret. KA thought top secret, for an air crash? Note: McClelland was in touch with
one of the UFO Investigators that interviewed KA that Mullaney reported had interviewed him
and that person clarified a few details that may not be exactly as reported in the Stringfield Sta-
tus Report III. KA immediately noticed that a non- military person who was not uniformed, but
was a male, was placed in charge of this mission. This individual was giving direct and strong
orders. He was puzzled by that action of the person who was apparently not U.S. military. They
all wondered who this man is. KA said he recalled them all taking off and flying north along
route 285 in New Mexico. They flew about 30 miles passing over a lake then changed course
to the northwest. They flew about 10 plus additional miles and after clearing a small hill when
suddenly a scene appeared with a variation of flashing colored lights. They were at an altitude of
about forty feet when a round disc-shaped silvery craft was seen resting in the desert. KA said
they then flew lower in altitude and the person in the copter giving the orders said to the pilot to
ignite the copter forward spotlights. Sitting below them they all saw a round metallic saucer-like
object. It was about 40 to 50 feet in diameter. It appeared to have a damaged edge and it was
ever so slightly dug into the sand. KA and the others then quietly became very excited about the
mission. KA said that he observed a dome in the center of the saucer shaped craft, but that the
outer rim of the disc appeared to be still slowly spinning in a counter-clockwise direction. While
the lights on its edge were rotating in the same way. KA said that he was puzzled that it was still
spinning, since it appeared to be somewhat slightly buried in the sand. Then he observed four
small bodies scattered outside the craft. They all appeared to be dead. They were all abnormally
proportioned and very slight in physical build, compared to any human. They were all small in
size and appearing to be about four to four and a half feet tall with extremely large heads that
were out of proportion with their bodies. They were all dressed in tight fitting bodysuits that
were dark blue colored uniforms. KA said he did not see any helmets. In the light of the bright
spotlights each of their faces seemed to appear to look like a light color of green and the color
shaded on their faces appeared to have a luminous iridescent tint to it. It was a fantastic experi-
ence and was literally unbelievable to him and other team members felt so, too.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 533, "chars": 2996, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
After the copter landed KA along with his other traveling companions were then ordered
to begin their photographic duties and to take as many angular and close-ups of the craft and all
bodies as possible. KA jumped out of the copter. He was instantly exposed to a terrible stench
that reminded him of spilled automobile battery acid that was permeating the entire area. Bright
headlights of approaching ground vehicles lit up the area. As they approached the craft KA tried
to get a good look at the person who was giving all the orders in the copter. That person sat in
the front cockpit of the H-19 copter. He was only able to see his head and shoulders in a shadow
and without much detail. He was certain that the person giving them orders was a male. The
ground military vehicles arrived in the area of the crash and it included a number of large trucks.
They offloaded about twenty men all uniformed in military type fatigues and some were armed
with side weapons. KA saw no automatic shoulder weapons though. The men who had just ar-
rived stopped KA and the crew of photographers and other specialists as he neared the strange
craft from about forty feet away from it. They were ordered not to advance any closer. The
stench was so strong in this area that one of the guards began to vomit near KA. He was then
ordered to take some photographs of the crashed vehicle. He was still about twenty feet from the
craft and the bodies still lying on the ground in front of him. He used a lens to zoom in for better
details. The ground crew began to place ID tags on the craft. They also placed tags on all of the
dead bodies and any material near them. KA began a brief conversation with a crew member.
This person told him that on the side of the craft there was a small open hatchway. He said that
he had looked into the craft and saw two more dead bodies similar to the four creatures outside.
He said it appeared that these two entities attempted to crawl out of the damaged saucer, but died
before reaching the outer area and desert sand. Then in fear, the crew member ceased discussing
this intriguing part of the incident with KA. Following the unique and extensive photo session
KA and the support crew he arrived with were ordered to return to the H-19 helicopter. They
were all returned to Walker Air Force Base near Roswell. Prior to landing at Walker they were
all ordered not to leave the copter until told to do so. As they approached the landing strip at
Walker A.F.B. KA recalled that many of the military staff cars were arriving near their landing
site. Many officers were among those arrivals.
As they touched down they divided KA and the other five into three groups of two people
in each group. Each of these couples was placed in a separate staff car and was taken to an old
barracks building number 5. KA said, "We were all taken to this building and placed in separate

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 570, "chars": 3157, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
rooms." KA said further," That is when all hell broke loose during the separate interrogations
of him and the other five which continued during a period of three days at another facility. We
disagreed angrily with much we were told. We were returned to building 5 and placed again in
separate rooms. Then four men dressed in civilian clothes and all wearing black ties entered the
various rooms. They said that they were all intelligence officers. "Then three of these men exited
the room of KA. The remaining man asked KA to tell him exactly in details what he had sup-
posedly experienced in the desert. KA told him everything he could recall and he left the room.
Two of the other men reentered the room and began to tell KA what he did NOT SEE in the des-
ert. KA asked that he state his comments again. He was told again, "You did not see what you
believe you saw in the desert." They departed the room and the fourth man came in to talk with
KA. He was carrying some written material and told me to listen and to pay attention to what he
was about to read. KA agreed. He began to detail what sounded like serious military laws that
indicated the penalties that would be imposed upon KA and any others and it would include pris-
on at hard labor. Upon release he would then be given a general discharge. This is what would
occur to KA and the team if they were to reveal any of the details of any of their experiences
regarding the mission to any other person. When this man completed reading the military laws,
he again left the room and was again replaced by the first intelligence officer. This procedure
was practiced during three to four and half hours on that first day and continued for three ad-
ditional days on April 12, 13 and 14, 1954. Later KA became aware that all the men of the crew
he worked with in the desert had experienced the same grilling procedures for the same amount
of time in their own separate rooms. During the time that KA and the others were interrogated
KA heard through scuttlebutt (a military term for rumors) that the saucer from the desert crash
site had been brought to the base and an attempt was made to secure it in Hanger 46. It was
discovered that this hanger was too small for work on the large craft and it was eventually stored
at what would become the famous Hanger 18, at Walker A.F.B. The day after the release of KA
and the others from the interrogation, they were all flown by helicopter back to the crash site in
the desert. As we hovered, one of the four intelligence officers who earlier had interrogated them
pointed to the area in the desert and said, 'See, I told all of you guys, that you didn't see any-
thing out here!" As they all viewed the area, it appeared as if nothing had ever crashed there. KA
said that he could not even see the impact area! They were taken back to the base and released
to their barracks. All were deeply puzzled why they were ordered to lie to themselves to protect
an obvious secret of the United States of America. Shortly after we all returned to our barracks,

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 495, "chars": 2957, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
the helicopter pilot that flew us to the crash site earlier, went to his locker and got his Ultra F-5
camera where he had stored it. KA learned that he was not authorized to have the camera in
his possession. He went into the latrine area for men, stood on a commode, and began to take
photos through the window of the activities at Hanger 18 where the saucer was stored. It was
against his direct orders. KA was very exhausted from all the stress and interrogation activities
and flopped down on his bunk and fell asleep. When he awoke the next morning the helicopter
pilot, his gear, and the camera were gone. KA never again saw the pilot! The security observed
around Hanger 18 was Top Secret and no one other than the top brass was observed to enter the
facility. The hanger soon after went through modifications and new construction in the weeks
that followed. KA did chance speaking to a construction worker who told him those stories
above ground level and at a depth of what was said to be eleven stories below ground level were
equipped with various refrigeration equipment, radar and sophisticated computers which were
installed. KA heard the retrieved bodies from the crash site that had "not happened" were then
stored there in refrigeration for obvious reasons. KA also heard some other rumors that another
UFO had crashed near Bandolier, New Mexico on April 24, 1954.
It was after an undetermined amount of time at Walker A.F.B. that KA and the entire pho-
tographic crews were sent back to Sampson A.F.B., New York. Upon arrival at his former bar-
racks his Sergeant who was furious about his absence because he apparently was not informed
of KA reassignment when he immediately confronted KA. He accused KA of going A.W.O.L.
He then assigned him every extra duty he could create. KA was very fearful about disclosing his
reassignment area or anything that was remotely associated with the top secret saucer recovery
and what appeared to be aliens near Walker A.F.B., New Mexico. He was between a rock and
a hard place. After KA had been subjected to the sergeant's abusive actions for a few weeks he
finally broke down and reluctantly disclosed where he had been put on his unbelievable assign-
ments. The sergeant did not believe him. Reaching that point under extreme stress his mind
snapped which caused KA to have a nervous breakdown. He was instantly placed in the base
hospital where he remained for about three months. He became paranoid about his own safety.
He began to wonder whether the hospital staff could accidentally or on purpose allow him to
die. KA recalled that while he was in the military hospital a doctor injected him with a long
needle that made him feel like he was in a drunken stupor. KA was then lead to a room where
four or five people were seated around a table. On that table was a large microphone that was

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 500, "chars": 2980, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
7
similar to the one that they used during his earlier interrogation in building 5 at Walker Army Air
Force Base near Roswell, New Mexico. The people sitting at the table began to ask KA ques-
tions about the UFO retrieval incident in the desert earlier in New Mexico. KA being under the
effects of the serum in the needle given by injection from the doctor was unable to understand
how he was able to answer any questions while he was under that induced stupor and while he
was also experiencing trouble with his eyesight. He was not able to distinguish the faces of those
questioning him. He remained totally quiet for his own good. After leaving the military hospital
KA was ordered to report in uniform to the office of the base commander. He entered the room
and was facing a full bird colonel that was seated behind his desk. He saluted the officer and he
returned the same honor. He rose to his feet and handed KA a manila envelope. The colonel said
it was his general discharge. The officer said, "As of the date stamped thereon of March 7, 1955
you are no longer a member of the United States Air Force." KA was dumbfounded and asked,
"Why? " The Colonel replied, "You were told not to reveal any information about the incident in
the desert; however, against orders, you did reveal details about the incident here to your ser-
geant. Thank God for your sake you revealed this information to another member of the U.S. Air
Force. If you had spoken to a civilian you would have received a monetary fine and would have
been sentenced to prison with hard labor." KA protested and explained that the sergeant had ac-
cused KA of going A. W.O.L.! The Colonel interrupted him and said, "You are dismissed!" He
had received the usual biased U.S. Military Justice!
KA told Stringfield that they saluted each other and that was the end of his U.S. Air Force
career; but it was not the end of his torment. The following are additional comments associ-
ated with the interviews with KA. Fred Schaefer, Linda Robinson and Gerald Miskar who made
the following comments concerning the aftermath of the saucer retrieval and the effects it had
on KA. Since 1954 when this incident allegedly occurred, KA has been having intermittent
nightmares about his experiences in the desert of New Mexico. During 1981 KA has had these
nightmares grow in intensity and frequency. These recollections are causing him much anguish.
During the UFO lecture by Mullaney that he attended held at the Edmund Scientific Company
KA saw his opportunity to reveal details of his UFO retrieval experience to those with an open
and understanding mind. He did this because he thought it would alleviate some of his torment.
Schaefer said that during a long discussion he had with KA on December 10, 1981 KA told him
with all sincerity, "I was taught to tell the truth." This was following his having related some

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 2794, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
details of his experiences. Some of which were confirming the earlier report that Schaefer relat-
ed to Len Stringfield and others that were new to this case. Schaefer thought that KA was telling
it as it actually happened.
Describing the crash scene KA said, "I thought I was on a set in Hollywood with the
entire search lights, etc." But my fantasy was soon dashed and he said, "Because of the terrible
stench in the crash area, and watching one of the military members regurgitate. The stench was
like pungent battery acid mixed with ammonia." Schaefer said that KA made these comments
to him regarding the desert-like landing site. While his chopper was still at the landing site yet
another chopper landed. At least four men got out of it wearing laboratory white coveralls and
coats. He tried to take a picture of one of the new arrivals but was told angrily, "Don't take
a picture of me and only take what you were told to take." The second chopper landed much
closer to that of KA's location scattering sand from its prop wash. He protected his camera
lenses from damage. While KA was taking pictures of the saucer on the ground he saw a silver
or aluminum-colored metallic box on the ground that was about 3 feet long and 1 and 1/2 feet
high that had numbers printed on it. There were words printed on the box, too, but they were
undistinguishable. He tried to take pictures of the box but was stopped by a member of the sec-
ond copter ground crew and told, "Get the hell away from that box." Len Stringfield later com-
mented that it was probably a chemical detection device. KA said that all members of the ground
crew wore green fatigues with no insignia or rank of identity. There were four or five large dogs
kept on leashes that were brought in onto the site by the trucks. KA saw the pilot of the chop-
per who also vomited. He said he experienced viewing his own pale skin looking like a ghost
for several following days. He was asked how many rolls of film he had taken. His answer was,
"Four canisters, two large; a total of 36 exposures, 144 photos." The camera was turret-mounted
and looked like an accordion. Ultra-F-5 was the filter used with the camera. He was instructed to
take pictures from all angles on and above the ground; however, he was told to take a majority
of photos from ground level. He was also told to use all the film. These instructions came over
the intercom. He was also instructed to leave the film on the chopper when they landed at Walk-
er A.F.B. The officer in charge stayed onboard after they landed to secure any material brought
to them or left in the craft.
KA would not disclose the names of the fellow members of Rescue Team-4 following

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2675, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
talks with him in December. KA told Schaefer this indicating his serious concern for his safety
that he had been reminded of by phone and more surprisingly by a total stranger he had encoun-
tered meeting while he was in his neighborhood drugstore. He was told that he should not talk
about his part in the retrieval operation. Again KA was called separately and warned of conse-
quences following a phone call he received from Schaefer which was made to him in January
1992. He was being watched 24/7. KA's torment from his long-ago experiences are obvious and
so is his fear of reprisal which is also shared by his wife. Although he remains vague on certain
issues such as his hospitalization after the incident, I believe that his reticence (or blackout) may
be a result of experimental drugs or other methods known to have been used by military intel-
ligence in the post WW II years to confuse the minds of those receiving it or by another method
used to program them it to forget. KA does admit, and is backed by his wife's testimony that he
experiences recurring nightmares recalling phases of the incident and of the people involved.
KA and family were all still living with the facts of that incident of 1954 and have remained in
fear of since 1992, which was 38 years later.
NOTE: Clark McClelland made several attempts to try to contact KA. To this date of October 6,
2009 but has not relocated KA. Clark cannot blame him at all for his issues of personal safety.
Stay hidden courageous KA is my words to him.
Many experts will note the similarities concerning the 1947 Roswell, New Mexico case
with the notes on this similar case that actually happened many years following the famous
Roswell case. Yet there have been many similar details that cannot be ignored. There are still
questions whether there were at least two crash retrievals near Roswell in 1947. It is important
to consider whether this 1954 case reported by KA was an event staged for the powers that be to
test newer methods for covering up yet another Roswell Crash on newer witnesses or not. That
must be considered. Especially since the eye witness testimony given from credible witnesses
in both of these cases allude to threats from the military of extreme harm if they disclose any
details of what they know happened.
There are two other cases which involves a 1946 UFO Retrieval in Arkansas months prior
to the famous Roswell case I am including in this chapter dedicated in honor of Leonard H.
Stringfield. While the UFO crash in the area of Roswell, New Mexico in 1947 is rightfully the

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 473, "chars": 2853, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
paramount case in this ongoing mystery of crash retrievals, were there other crash retrievals
prior to Roswell? Was Roswell the first event of this cosmic magnitude in the United States or
elsewhere? I do not believe it was. I would like to introduce you to those cases now.
Within the following paragraphs are the results of my interview with another witness;
besides Dr. Race, who stated to me their stories from 1946 and the activity from UFO retrievals
they witnessed and how it affected them. It is my contention that having received two separate
reports from witnesses who observed UFOs in 1946 that Roswell was not the first incident
where UFOs were retrieved. Although it is widely recognized as the paramount case for Ufolo-
gists who have taken great extremes to document it in regard to the many eye-witnesses of the
events surrounding the sightings of that retrieval of downed UFOs around the town of Roswell,
New Mexico in July of 1947 and many conflicting stories from the military who exclaim that
UFOs do not exist. Case in point is found in the U.S.A.F. book which is entitled Roswell: CASE
CLOSED. It is yet another of their clever attempts to make the final testimony from the military
about these UFO matters seem in direct conflict with civilian testimony given about what hap-
pened in Roswell in 1947. Especially in view of the fact that according to the Official Govern-
ment statement that UFOs do not exist, why bother to explain what the people saw.
One of my most enjoyable campus lectures occurred in New Orleans, Louisiana in 1989.
I had been invited there by the Student Union of Tulane University. The lecture topic was about
"UFOs and Aliens." As I entered the campus that afternoon, there were many students I saw who
had created lecture posters, banners and had newspaper articles concerning my lecture that
evening. It made me feel proud to be there lecturing for this group of students so involved in
bringing attention to my scheduled talk on their campus. I went to the lecture auditorium an hour
early that night to prepare the slides and set up my alien mannequin that always has drawn a lot
of attention when I display it on stage. It was a typical Roswell Grey ET I had constructed ear-
lier and it still is very impressive. Many photographs were taken of my alien by the many stu-
dents, the faculty and the invited local area residents who attended the UFO lecture. I presented
the lecture to a jam- packed and standing room only audience of about 900 or more attendees.
The hour long talk actually ended a half hour later, which was not out of the ordinary. Then I
held an open question and answer session lasting about an hour and invited those who wished to
stay for additional exchanges of questions.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 494, "chars": 3097, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
11
While the students, staff and faculty were busy gathering around me; a scholarly-looking,
elderly gentleman approached me. He asked to talk with me in private after the gathering had
ended. I agreed and thank goodness I did. His name was Dr. Jack L. Race. He was a member of
the Tulane Clinical Faculty. The students and faculty finally released me from many questions
and Dr. Race and I each took a private seat outside in the hallway of the auditorium. Dr. Race
began our conversation by saying he had a strong interest in UFOs and especially of alien life
forms visiting earth due to an earlier very important personal event in his life. The comment he
made about this instantly stimulated my curiosity. He was very familiar with my space center
activities and I released to him several special incidents I had not presented to the student body.
One was of these events I talked to him about was concerning the four alien crafts surrounding
an unmanned orbiting Gemini capsule we placed on orbit to evaluate the life support systems,
reentry capabilities, structural integrity and communications, etc. of this space capsule which
would eventually allow two NASA Astronauts to survive in earth orbit. I also mentioned the
names of the scientists I knew who had been at the Roswell recovery in 1947. The recovery of
small-sized aliens were witnessed by men such as two former German Scientists which included
Dr. Wernher von Braun, Dr. Hubertus Strughold, Dr. Robert Oppenheimer, and U. S. A. A. F.
General Nathan Twining, who is known to have worked with the members of the Scientific
Majestic-12 Group which was formed to investigate these downed craft retrieval sites. He was
very excited to hear it firsthand from me that I know many of these people personally and have
worked with those on these cases to establish the reports needed to document these types of
events into military records. He said he was familiar with all the men I mentioned; but, he was
especially familiar with Dr. Strughold. He had knowledge of him and his Aviation Medical
expertise because of his pioneering space medical sciences work beginning in Germany With
his pioneering space suit designs and research into physical strains on human beings in weight-
less low pressure and exposures to cold environments responsible for causing Hyperthermia
conditions, etc. It was then Dr. Race mentioned to me the Dr. Strughold experiments involving
concentration camp prisoners. He also told me of Dr. Strughold's association with the infamous,
Dr. Josef Mengele. I was aware of that association. Dr. Race said Strughold realized that he may
face war crimes. Dr. Strughold was not tried by the Allied Nations for any crimes during WW II
whether or not he was guilty: never-the less, he was eventually part of the large group of Ger-
man Scientists, Engineers, and Physical Medicine experts that came to the U.S.A. along with Dr.
Wernher von Braun in 1946 who settled into work at the labs set up in New Mexico. Strughold

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 518, "chars": 3016, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
was chosen as the Chief Scientist of the American Aerospace Medical Division in 1961. He
received the Americanism Medal from the DAR, Daughters of the American Revolution and the
Texas State Senate declared that June 15th, 1985 as Dr. Hubertus Strughold Day. The Zionist
Jewish organizations attacked him and eventually he was denied all the honors he had received.
Was it a fair conclusion? Make your own decision on these facts. If you are a Zionist Jew. I can
to some degree understand it. He then began to tell me of a UFO Crash Retrieval he had been
involved in several years prior as an expert in medicine and clinical procedures. As I recall, he
said it was in the State of Arkansas in 1946. He was at that time under tight Federal Security by
the Office of Naval Intelligence, Defense Intelligence Agency, FBI, and other unknown sources
in the area of recovery and he hesitated to mention a region or an exact date it was recovered. He
had fear of retaliation by the U.S. Federal Government sources that held tight security restric-
tions to conceal the event from any public knowledge of it. It could destroy his career to breach
any of these security barriers he was sworn to uphold in secrecy. He said he would consider
disclosing those facts later. He added that I must again contact him about this and I said I would
do so. With what I have since experienced, I could not blame him for avoiding disclosures of a
secretive nature he felt compelled to protect.
Dr. Race did disclose that he was part of a team of medical, engineering, scientific mili-
tary and photographic experts who investigated as well as researched the complete area of the
crash site for any clues showing the reason why the craft went down in the area it was found. He
did say to me that the craft was hardly damaged; so to call it a crash, it was not entirely accurate.
What caused it to come down? He could not say, other than perhaps the U.S. military may have
a method that could cancel out the propulsion which powers such craft. This idea could be
speculated; but could not prove whether these capabilities by our own government military
complexes exist or not, by their study group sent to investigate the crash. Race said no visual
entry hatch was immediately found. I asked, "What was the size and shape of it?" Race said his
is getting dull; 1946 is far distant in his past, but he recalled it as having been shaped like a
saucer with two dinner plates joined together of about 20 feet in diameter. He said it was about 7
to 8 feet in thickness or height, and believes he recalls a few small view ports along its diameter.
He said there were three bodies in it, lying with one separate and two what he called bunched up
with interlocking legs and arms. He said it appeared to be that those two were hugging each oth-
er in an embrace of fear. They were all very small and only about four, to near five feet in height.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 391, "chars": 2281, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
13
They all were humanoid in shape, with a large head, with large eyes and without any ear struc-
ture as such. There were two small holes on each side of their enlarged head of what Dr. Race
assumed were hearing openings. They did have two arms, two legs and two feet and they all had
tiny gloved hands with five fingers. The feet were hidden in their body-tight, silver-colored suits
they were wearing. He said the head was large for their small body size when compared to a hu-
man head and our body proportions.
The craft was finally and cautiously entered when they figured out what was the sealed al-
most invisible ingress hatch. As he watched, two military doctors, and one nurse were involved
in entering it. In a short time of about ten minutes, one doctor returned to the team outside, with
a strange facial expression as if he could hardly believe his
eyes. Dr. Race then was hoping he would be called to as-
sist inside it, but, was not ordered to do so. Race said he was
highly disappointed. I asked Dr. Race a question, "Was there
any odor you sensed?" He said, "Nothing that was pungent
or disorienting as far as he could recall." He was eventually
released from the sduties of investigating the downed craft
site where the bodies he observed were discovered. Afterward
he was flown back to his home base area not saying where it
was. That ended our
exciting conversation. We shook hands. We bid each other
farewell, and I returned to my guest room nearby. The next
morning I flew back to my home in Florida.
In 1994, another incident regarding a crashed disc
shaped object came to my attention. It
surprisingly also occurred in the State of Arkansas in October
Clark used this model of a Roswell ET
at his many college lectures.
or November of 1946. Was Dr. Race involved in this recovery
or was it the same retrieval? I recalled the report that Dr. Jack L. Race had delivered to me at
the campus of Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana in 1989. Were both incidents con-
nected? I would pursue answers to that and other questions with this new witness with whom I
had been introduced years later. He was an elderly man and is being kept anonymous for obvi-

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 2869, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
ous reasons and was a former veteran of the United States Army Air Force who came forth and
invited me to his home, which was a short distance from my former home in Florida near the
Kennedy Space Center. He finally came out of the closet with his guarded event and told me
the following story in detail and described the object that he witnessed while he was serving as
a Private stationed at Wright Field in Dayton, Ohio in 1946. At Wright Field, he was assigned
duties to keep detailed records of all the personnel that were working at the base which included
Army, US Navy, service records and other pertinent data. He was delivering such information to
building 18 (not yet known as Hangar 18). A friend of his was part of the base security unit there
and as he entered the building the guard asked him if he wanted to see a strange aerial craft that
was stored there recently. He followed him inside and to his surprise; a disc shaped object was
sitting on the deck. Apparently it had not been placed under a tarpaulin or covering as yet. The
tarpaulin was lying nearby as if someone or a team of people had been recently working on it.
Various equipment, tools, etc. were scattered on the hanger floor near it.
It was about 15 feet in diameter and approximately 7 feet in height. I thought, hmmm,
sounds familiar. He described it as two soup bowls sealed together, similar to Dr. Race in 1989
at Tulane University. It was an 18 inch in diameter divider section with 10 x 15 inch rectangular
windows set at about 8 to 10 inches apart circling the disc. I asked if he would review a sketch
I was drawing as a comparison (See attached drawing and details). He agreed it was very accu-
rate. The guard told his friend that several scientists had been there and attempted to gain entry
into the interior. They tried to use a diamond tipped drill bit to penetrate the glass type material
enclosing each window yet the drill had no effect on the clear glassy material. There were no
visual doors or entry hatches. No insignias, flags, no writing, no numbers that could shed any de-
tails on the national origin, if earthly of the strange craft. The outer metal appeared to be molded
of one continuous material. It appeared to be made of brushed aluminum yet it was not that type
of metal.
The craft body inside and out appeared to possess no weld seams, no rivets, no apparent
joining of the 'metal' (?) skin of the craft. They both looked into the interior and did not see
anything of apparent unique interest. No control panels, no seats, no hatches, no entities, noth-
ing. A cylinder was in the center rising out of the base. It was about seven feet from the window.
The cylinder was about three feet in diameter and possibly housed the power unit. The security

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 375, "chars": 2374, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Clark C. McClelland - A Tribute to Honor UFOlogist, Leonard H. Stringfield and My Connection to Him
15
guard became nervous after about ten
minutes into their study of the object
and asked his friend to exit the build-
ing. They both did. He was a Private
and was a Clerk Specialist assigned to
interview and classifies new recruits
to their specialty school on base. He
did not view the craft again. The Base
DEUV. PAPERS, MAMEN UNIT TOCK HIM TO
SEE A 15 For DiAM SANCER ABOT TrEET
HIGH, HE LOOKRA THROUGH O" BETANGHENA
"01135" HATH TMOD TIP DRUL CRyS AdD DID Noy
PENEMATE FRIEND SIN SCUBASIS TRYING CATER
BRUSHED
• NO ROVETS
120"
• NO HELAS
INSIDE:
Commander of Wright Field at that
200000
time was Colonel Nathan F. Twining
who would later become the Chairman
RETRENES FROM ARKANSAS IN A A.R. ERAS CAR
of the Joint Chiefs of Staff at the Pen-
The alleged Arkansas disc that was stored at Wright Field in the mid
tagon. Twining would also be deeply in-
1940s.
volved in the military secrecy regarding UFOs, Roswell, and other Top Secret activities regard-
ing alien crafts and occupants being recovered at various sites on earth. This witness voluntarily
gave the author copies of his military records and honorable discharge. The records show that he
did have an assignment at Wright Field in the year he stated in this report.
So, was Dr. Jack L. Race involved in the crash and retrieval of a disc in Arkansas in
1946? I began an investigation into locating him again at Tulane University in 1994. But had no
success in having his additional personal information released for my books. In early January,
2006, I again made another attempt to locate Dr. Jack L. Race at Tulane University. The univer-
sity had been badly damaged by hurricane Katrina and many of its records had been damaged.
I finally reached a source of medical control of campus professional information that disclosed
to me that Dr. Jack L. Race had died in 1992. Another strange case as many have become in the
search for absolute truth. I continue my unrelenting investigations; for 65 years of involvement
in the study of this UFO phenomena.
This Chapter from the book "Stargate Chronicles" is copyright © 2012 by Clark C. McClelland. All rights reserved.
Any unauthorized copying or publication, by any means, digital or print, without written authorization of the author, is strictly prohibited.
