{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T03:12:41Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1011913, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122192-cia-openness-article-washington-post-april-27-may-3-1992.pdf", "source_sha256": "7cb8e77c2178e01d7c41f1069fc8045c5a780710c13ee7a5473a4bc764ac4954"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 891, "chars": 5583, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
--
PAGE 34
INTELLIGENCE
Playing I Spy With That Alleged
New Openness at the CIA
Some habits are hard to break
By George Lardner Jr.
Washington Past Staff Writer
hey promised rate ones and
greater openness ar
sense of public responsibility" at the in-
telligence agency a few weeks ago, he was act-
ing on the recommendations of a special task
force that had studied ways to make the agency
more visible, credible and responsive to the
outside world.
But when the 15-page "Task Force Report on
Greater CIA Openness" was submitted to
Gates Dec. 20, it was stamped "Secret," a classi-
fication formally reserved for information "the
unauthorized disclosure of which reasonably
could be expected to cause serious damage to
the national security."
CIA officials refused to disclose any of the re-
port, even in the wake of Gates's Feb. 21
speech. "An internal document," an agency
spokesman told a reporter that day. "We deter-
mined [it] must be withheld in its entirety," the
agency informed the American Civil Liberties
Union's Center for National Security Studies
about two weeks later in response to a request
under the Freedom of Information Act.
Now, after public scolding at a House hear-
ng, Gates has approved declassification of al-
nost the entire report as well as his five-page
ly Edward Walsh
Vashingion Post Staff Wriler
$ T. PATIT_ Minn
decision directive, dated Jan. 6, and sent them
to one of the scolders, Democratic Rep. Lee H.
Hamilton of Indiana, former chairman of the
House intelligence committee.
Much of the task force's report simply mir-
rors, albeit with more detail, what Gates an-
nounced publicly: initiatives to declassify his-
torical records, greater accessibility to the
press on the part of agency officials, expanded
contacts with public audiences and colleges
and universities. It is difficult to discern any-
thing that would do "serious damage to the na-
tional security."
here are, however, some items that might
be considered embarrassing. The report
shows that despite agreement within the
agency and outside it on the need for more
openness, the CIA's public affairs office, ex-
pected to be a mainstay of the new look, is be-
ing forced to cut its budget by a third.
"We recognize that a program of increased
openness will require commitment of addition-
al resources, not only for PAO [the public af-
fairs office] but for other parts of the agency,"
the report said.
The task force, headed by then-CIA public af-
fairs director Joseph DeTrani, also touted what
it saw as the accomplishments of the agency's
existing media program.
HEALTH CARE
MAT•
THE WASHINGTON POST NATIONAL WEEKLY EDITION
BY TIM CLARK FOR THE WASHINGTON POST
"PAO now has relationships with reporters
from every major wire service, newspaper, news
weekly and television network in the nation,"
the report said. "This has helped us turn some
'intelligence failure stories into intelligence
success' stories, and it has contributed to the
accuracy of countless others.
"In many instances," the report continued,
we have persuaded reporters to postpone.
change, hold or even scrap stories that could
have adversely affected national security inter-
ests or jeopardized sources and methods.
Gates rejected some of the task force recom-
mendations, including a proposal that the pub-
lic affairs office give unclassified background
briefings to reporters "when there is a major in-
ternational event such as the Persian Gulf
War.
The CIA director said he was "inclined to
support" a proposal to declassify records on
such as the 1948 Italian elections, 1953 Iranian
coup, 1954 Guatemalan coup, 1958 Indonesian
APRIL 27-MAY 3, 1992
coup and the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962."
Thể CIA had been adamant about keeping
the report under wraps as recently as March
18, when the new PAO director, Gary Foster,
was questioned about it by House Government
Operations Committee Chairman John Cony-
ers Jr. of Michigan at a hearing on government
Foster said people whose names are classi-
fed were mentioned in the report. He said
some portions might not be classified, "but tak-
en out of context, they wouldn't mean much to
anybody." As it turned out, only the names
were excised from the report and decision di-
rective that Gates sent Hamilton April 13.
"It's a step in the right direction for the
agency and I applaud that," Hamilton says. But
Leslie Harris, Washington ACLU legislative di-
rector, calls it "disappointing."
"Tt reads like an internal discussion of how
we can get people to like us," Harris says.
doesn't call for a serious look at what secrecy is
really necessary now that the Cold War is
The names of task force members, including
DeTrani, were deleted. And so were the names
of journalists, business leaders, academics and
others who, the report said, "shared their views
on CIA openness with the task force." That list
presumably includes Washington Post execu-
tive editor Leonard Downie Jr. and other Post
editors whom DeTrani consulted last fall ол a
visit to the newspaper.
CIA spokesman Peter Earnest says the
names of those the CIA consulted
blacked out under FOLA provisions permitting
secrecy for "deliberative" materials and for the
agency's "sources and methods."
"I'm not a CIA 'source, " Downie says. "They
visited us quite openly. We wanted to tell them
how they could tell us more about what they
do. It sounded as if they were interested in
being more open and in finding ways of making
the CIA more accessible to us so we could
cover them better "
ance coverage will be phased in beginning with
children and their parents this fall and will be

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2764, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
Too many secrets
/VIson Citizen
JULY
"az"
Time to declassify the history of the Cold War.
Nobody knows how many secrets this-
newly classified material His order sets up
nation has.
a task force to develop new rulés for docu-
Classified documents are stored in more
ment secrecy that answer three questions:
than 80,000 government depositories. The -
National Archives alone has an estimated
What really needs to be kept secret?
How cau. information
be declassified
325 million pages of classified documents.
"It's a huge mountain," said Steven Garfin-
kel, director of the Information Security
Oversight Office, "perhaps billions."
The big problem is that the mountain of
secrets grows daily. A 1981 directive from
the Reagan. administration strengthened
the national security. laws that require
things to be stamped "Top Secret," "Se-
cret," "Confidential," or one of the many
code words for documents that are more
secret than "Top Secret."
Last year, the Pentagon, the CIA, the
State Department and the White House
combined to contribute another six million
classified documents.
Many of the secrets are old, dating as far
back as the World War i era.
Many of the secrets aren't worth keep-
ing. They deal with a Cold War world that
has vanished.
But the process of declassification is
slow and tedious.
President Clinton wants to speed it up
before the National Archives and the other
depositories drown in a sea of paperwork
they can neither use nor destroy. He or-
dered that Cold War rules on secrecy be
reviewed with an eye toward whittling
away at the paper mountain.
He also wants to restrict the growth of
How can excessive secrecy be avoided?
We should wish the president good luck
in his endeavor, recognizing that others
have tried and failed before him to reduce
the secret archives and slow down the
growth of secrets.
The New York: Times pointed out in a
story recently that Presidents Carter and
Nixon, who issued similar orders, met re-
sistance from the intelligence services.
Those services were successful in pres-
erving the confidentiality of their missions
-and in covering up their mistakes.
The current heads of those services are
said to be amenable to giving up some se-
crets. The Cold War is over, after all.
Scholars and historians will benefit
greatly from declassification. It's not just
the mists of time that shroud the Cold war
from view, it's the paper curtain of classi-
fied documents.
America's reputation as an open society
suffers in comparison to formerly closed
societies like the Soviet Union that are now
releasing a wealth of historical informa-
tion.
It's time this old democracy joined those
new democracies in an honest review of
our recent past. It's time to put the past
four decades into the history books.
