{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T23:01:47Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 126423, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304139879852355, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122180-ttsa-drill-down-assesment.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540891210000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/122180-ttsa-drill-down-assesment.pdf", "source_sha256": "8871a1b0e9e1e4d41de09a2b1523b57f1ca78d8af213f9f4acb641826450f015"}

TTSA Drill-Down Assessment
For: Dr. Steven Greer
By: John Warner
Date: 10/19/2017
Re: "To The Stars Academy"


• Joel McLeary knows Dr. Norm Kann:

       I have known Joelfor 30 years and consider him a friend. He was married to my
second cousin Lavinia Courier (A Mellon). He is almostfamily, and knows myfather
well.
       Funny that he knows Dr. Kahn, a bio-weapons expert, or perhaps not sofunny.
       Joel is a former "consultant" to the Intel Community and is regarded around DC
as an eccentric, Buddhist-minded "genius." He knows all about ye olde subject, and
won't return my calls. To me that's unsettling. —IWW


• Dr. Adele Gilpin:

       Regulation of Research on Human Subjects: Academic Freedom and
the Institutional Review Board.

       A quote from this AAUP report: "It also spent a considerable sum on intra-
mural research on human subjects, that is, research on human subjects conducted
directly by government personnel at government facilities."

        Website:
https://www.aaup.orglsites/default/files/files/2013%20Bulletin/humansubjects.pdf

         Uh-oh...ihat's a tad scary. Dr. Gilpin seems perfectfor TTSA. One wonders just
what experiments on human subjects are being conducted at those, ahem, "government
facilities?"
         Overall on the TTSA wbsite, there's lots of emphasis on combat trauma medical
research and viral weapons. That reads as concerning.-JWW
• Youtube Promo Video for TTSA:
        Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zr9196VzOFw

       JWW: Very bland, purposefully vague, and somewhat condescending in my
opinion. Regarding said video, one woman's searing comment read:

"Thank you, Tom Delong, for trying, but these guys are really PART of the problem, not the solution.
They am looking to redeem themselves, because they HAVE NO honor or integrity. They lived rich
lives at our expense, they have access to things we can't Imagine, and now they want us to fund
them AGAIN...OR WE WONT GET ANYTHING. And who is to say whether ft's even what is really
available technology-wise. I know you're trying, but until these lying, deceiving bastards come out
with EVERYTHING, rather than feeding us scraps that we have ALREADY FUNDED. They can go to
their graves with the secrets for all lam concerned. "IT WASN'T MY JOB TO TELL THE PEOPLE"..
WELL HOW ABOUT YOUR MORAL AND ETHICAL OBLIGATIONS? WHAT, YOU THINK YOU
SUDDENLY 'GREW' THESE WHEN YOU RETIRED? This is IIke a child trying to blame the dog for
breaking something. it's pathetic."

        Yikes. Don't sugar-coat it.
        I wish I could have said it better, but I cannot. —,JWW


• MV Summatlor.
        Given that our horse sense intuition is a genuine, highly tunedskill..lhis is a
snap.
         To me this TTSA initiative smacks of limited, scripted disclosure as a way to profit
off of technology that we, the public, have already paidfor ten times over. Although some
of thefounders may have benevolent intentions regarding the public's current andfuture
needs, most are quite "spooky," and all have workedfor the Nat. Sec. State in some
capacity. Who knows what's NOT included in their bios?
        Bio-weapons, genetics, medical miracles, free energy, antigravitics, spacecraft,
and consciousness research all in one deal? Wow. Strange bedfellows, indeed. What
skullduggery, perchance, are they up to? Redemption at the taxpayer's expense? The
new, prettyface of "approved" disclosure? The banal beginning of the Intel
Community's safe & secure 50-year disclosure plan? Possibly.
        If.. Chris is planning on making a profitfrom his involvement, then I have no
respectfor him whatsoever. We Mellon have inherited our money and influencefrom a
legacy of corruption, war profits, and greed, and in my opinion we should all start giving
back in a concrete, meaningful way with no regardfor credit of any kind. My 10 cents,
don't you know.
         I'm not sure why he's in contact with you in thefirst instance if this is indeed the
case. Is Chris at least on board with your "thepublic-has-a-right-to-know-everything"
agenda? All of his behavior intrigues me to no end, and that's not a good sign. (Usually
speaking). That said, I'd like to get to know him and try to understand his point of view if
he's amenable to that, blood being thicker than high pressure synthetic Red Mercury.
        It seems moral and ethical concerns in this arena are as illusory as some of our
"Country Cousin" ETs have stated. Le.: the struggle between good and evil, moral and
immoral, should only be seen as an imbalance in our positive/negative reality. A reality
we createfor ourselves every blessed, goddam day. So don't take it personally, it's just
business as usual. At least that's what I keep telling myself.
        Overall though, I'd say this small "d" TTSA initiative is still a good thing since
public awareness of any stripe is a primaryfocusfor all involved in Disclosure with a big
"D." But Jesus H. Christ driving a Ford, these TTSAfolks better get a "vice" grip,for
what side of history do they genuinely want to land on?

       "Gosh, gee willickers, why is the public so ungrateful? My colleagues and I
were only trying to help the ignorant, puerile, and distracted American people
understand the really big universe with our cool rockstarfront man to shepherd us.
Don't they know that's relevant; groovy, and hip? Am I missing something?" Jim
Semivan

        As you well know, PhDs, high degrees, IQ scores, Harvard-Yale this or that, and
fancy MIC resumes mean little asfar as true, open-minded intelligence is concerned,
though I do regard Tom Delong as a fellow creative and right-brain fellow. Yet Ifear he
may have been mislead by some darkforces, their smiling lips painted a bright metallic
pink to match their carbon nanotube Raybans, their black hats highly sequined in gold.
          In the near future, these TISA folks—may—serve as poster childrenfor endemic
government criminality in the end, especially if their real goal is corporate control of
 limited,formerly above top secret technology in the public sector while lining their soon-
to-be silken pockets in the process. A $50M offering? Really? Why aren't theyfunded by
one of the black slush funds? That's chump change. Window dressing. Where's Elon
Musk on this? Too busy creating better nuclear batteriesfor black triangle craft?
         Involving the public and its purse might be a proof-of-concept vehicle for the
black hats to mire us in their illegal, unconstitutional machinations, blurring as many
legal lines as possible. My worry is that the public might swallow their unrefined pablum
if 1I JA gains real traction and bigtime media coverage. The result? Many more John Q.
Public palms would be blackened with the soot of USAP corruption, the public's ears
ringing with confusion and resentment.
        My Rx? Meditation on Ayahuasca might suffice as a panacea for the TISA team.
And that's not a joke.

       Best,
       JWW
