{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T14:53:02Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 20, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1559147, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122161-scientists-says-cia-urged-air-force-to-debunk-ufo-reports.pdf", "source_sha256": "1bc241a27f74b1ee1f913a473d0fbe9334e8bdffac5138cbb9369bb65bd0fc21"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 451, "chars": 3029, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
# American Reporter Correspondent
Hollywood, Calif
4/3/97
report
671/$6.71
An American Reporter Exclusive
SCIENTIST SAYS C.I.A. URGED AIR FORCE TO DEBUNK U.F.O REPORTS
by Joe Shea
American Reporter Correspondent
LOS ANGELES - A long-secret internal study by the highly-regarded Kand Corporation
says the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) advised the Air Force in 1953 to debunk citizens
sightings of Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) as a way to "unplug" military intelligence
channels that had become jammed with them.
The 1968 report also suggested that faster-than-light travel has already by a race of beings
possibly "a few billion years older than ours, and that as many as 100,000,000 million planets
in the Milky Way galaxy may harbor civilizations "very much advanced from us."
The unedited 41-page report obtained by The American Reporter, entitled "UFOs: What
To Do?" was prepared in 1968 as an "internal document" by Rand scientist George Kocher and
"is being released at this time as a matter of public interest," the defense-oriented think tank
headquartered in Santa Monica, Calif. says. The report was not peer reviewed or edited, Rand
said, and it contains a small number of spelling and typographical errors.
"By 1952 the number of [UFO] reports coming in was so large that the CIA was
concerned that an actual attack on the country might not be immediately recognized," Kocher
says.
"In order to unplug the military intelligence channels, however, the CIA recommended
that, since UFOs apparently posed no threat, the Air Force should debunk UFO reports and try
to generally discourage interest in them, in the hope that they would go away.
"It was the CIA's recommendation, apparently, that was made policy, for the investigative
procedures used since 1953 have been vestigal (sic) and the handling of the subject by the
authorities tended to make witnesses look ridiculus (sic)."
While citing three UFO reports, all of round, glowing objects seen on clear days and from
separate locations by multiple witnesses, the paper does not take a position on any given sighting
or sightings, but urges that a system for reporting such sightings be established in police
departments and regional offices throughout the country so that scientists may analyze and
eventually even predict their appearance.
The report notes that in the 1940's and early 1950's most sightings were reported around
atomic test areas and installations, around rivers, reservoirs and bodies of water in the late 1950's
and early 1960's, and near "electrical distribution systems" in the late 1960's, and that 5 to 20
percent of UFO reports came from qualified scientists and professionals. Only 10 percent of the
20,000 sightings each year are reported, the study estimates, "with 'only' 1000 to 4000 worthwhile
sightings per year for North America."
The paper contains little that is either new or startling, but it does demonstrate a serious
interest in the subject by a major defense "think tank" that has done many Top Secret studies for

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1694, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the U.S. military, major corporations and the government. "It was not prepared for or delivered
to any of Rand's clients," a brief preface points out.
In a calculation sure to shock those still debating whether life exists on other planets at
all, the Kocher study concludes that life may well exist on about 100,000,000 planets in the
Milky Way galaxy, and that faster-than-light travel has probably been achieved by at least one
race of extraterrestrials.
Kocher says at least one of the alien races may have enjoyed a few billion years more
scientific advancement over Earth's 500 years of science. Even discounting planets and races
younger or the same age as ours, Kocher's study says, "we are left with the possibility of
100,000,000 planets in the galaxy having life forms very much advanced from us."
According to Kocher, the probability is that at least one race in the galaxy has cracked
the restrictions Einstein's relativity theory places on faster than light travel, and probably has
taught it to other races.
"Thus we may conclude that it is very likely that at least one, and probably more that 10
million advanced planetary populations is capable of interstellar travel."
Meanwhile, Julio Schnettler, the head of the La Chacalluta International airport in the state
or Arica, Chile, told a Chilean daily newspaper on Tuesday that air traffic controllers there had
observed three UFOs both visually and on radar for two hours just after midnight Monday, March
31, at altitudes of 10,000 to 15,000 feet.
The craft had flashing blue, red and green lights and finally moved away at "astonishing"
conds esi te repart, 0 mola, es 5 ihe big Winnesday, at yetune lase of Civil Aviation

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 314, "chars": 2120, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
da3n/k0sae1
The RAND Corporation
..--.
RAND DOCUMENT
UFOs: What to Do?
George Kocher
27 November 1968
For RAND Use Only
DO NOT QUOTE OR CITE IN EXTERNAL RAND PUBLICATIONS OR CORRESPONDENCE
-1-
INTRODUCTION
Common sense is the quintessence of the experiences and prejudices of its time. It is a most
unreliable advisor when one is confronted with a perfectly new situation. Gustav Naan
UFOS - unidentified flying objects, or flying saucers as they are often called -- have been on the mind of the
public for at least the last 22 years. For a number of reasons, we know little more about them now than we did at
the outset. There exists a great amount of misinformation about the phenomenon not only in the minds of the
public, but among educated groups such as scientists as well. It is the purpose of this series of essays to describe
various aspects of the phenomenon, make clear my prejudices and the reasons for them, and to suggest a
means of prodeeding on this interesting and potentially very significant problem.
But first, a few words about the term UFO. J. A. Hynek, an astronomer having continuous involvement with UFO
study for over 20 years, defines UFOs as "any reported aerial or surface visual sighting or radar return which
remains unexplained by conventional means even after examination by competent persons. This definition ...
specifies neither flying nor objects." (1) I would agree, but would prefer to replace "or radar return" with "or
instrumental observation" and "even after examination by competent persons" to "even after competent
examination by qualified persons." This, then, is the definition 1 have adopted in the five essays that follow.
CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION.
Part 1: UFO's: Historical Aspects ......
Part 2: UFO's: Astronomical Aspects ...
Part 3: UFO's: The Character of Reports .... 12
Part 4: UFO's: Phenomenological Aspects... 24
Part 5: UFO's: How to Proceed and Why...
A REPORT FORM
BIBLIOGRAPHY.
...
.. 33
. 40
-2-
PART 1: UFOs - HISTORICAL ASPECTS
Those familiar with the UFO literature are aware that reports of sightings did not begin with Arnold's sighting in
1 of 18
-

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 567, "chars": 3732, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1947, but that phenomenology much the same as is reported today can be found in documents going back to the
earliest times. Vallee (2) gives a sampling of this; B.L.P. Trench (3) has made a more thorough study and reports
on the research of others able to study the original documents.
What was reported? Luminous discs, shields, globes and elongated objects in the sky, sometimes alone,
sometimes in large numbers. Occasional descriptions of interactions with the observers are also mentioned,
including landings, and seeing and communicating with occupants. The latter events especially were a most
always interpreted in a religious context. A recent example is the repeated appearance of a typical UFO
phenomenology at Fatima, Portugal on six successive months in 1917. The October 13 phenomenon was the
best reported and was witnessed by a crowd of about 70,000 persons, including a number of scientists, reporters,
atheists, and agnostics, as wel as faithful Catholics. One of the scientifically curious was Dr. A Garrett of the
University of Coimbra. Rain, which had been falling that day, ceased and the crowd looked up to see the "sun"
now visible through the heavy clouds. Professor Garrett wrote, "..!. turmed toward this (sun) which was attracting
all eyes and 1 could see it like a disk with a clear cut edge, with a vivid rim, luminous and shining, but without
hurting one. The comparison I have heard at Fatima with a disk of dull silver, does
-3-
not seem to me exact. It was a clearer, more vivid, richer color and with shifting tints like the luster of a pearl. It
was not at all like the moon on a clear transparent night, for one saw and felt it like a living star. Nor was it
spherical like the moon, nor did it have the same quality of lighter and less light. It looked like a burnished wheel
cut out of mother-of-pearl. Nor could it be confused with the sun seen through a fog - there was no fog... This
disc spun dizzily round. It was not the twinkling of a star: it whirled round upon itself with mad rapidity... The sun,
preserving the celerity of its rotation, detached itself from the firmament and advanced, blood-red, towards the
earth, threatening to crush us with the weight of its vast and fiery mass. These moments made a terrifying
impression." (4) The relationship of the old phenomenology to religion are discussed by Thomas. (5)
An example of earlier celestial displays of interest is illustrated in Figs 1 and 2. These are broadsheets from
Nuremberg (1561) and Basel (1566), respectively. The psychologist, C. G. Jung; provides an analysis of the
contents of the woodcuts in his interesting book. (6) Reference 7 has a very interesting reproduction of a
fourteenth century fresco in a Yugoslavian church.
The modern period of the phenomenon began with a widely publicized sighting made by Kenneth Amold in
Washington state in 1947. A study by Bloecher of north american reports over the four week period bracketing
the Arnold sighting lists 853 events, including 38 sightings made before Arnold's heavily publicized Sighting. (8)
Because the early reports seemed to suggest airborne craft of unusual appearance and kinematics, the problem
came to rest with the newly organized U.S. Air Force, Initial fears were that the country was being overflown by
advanced foreign aircraft, possibly on intelligence missions. The latter was suggested by the large number of
sightings from the White Sands, New Mexico area and from the vicinity of the Hanford, Washington atomic plant.
Serious inquiry proceeded for a few years without any positive results. A number of supposedly knowledgeable
people spoke out pointing out the sporadic nature of the sightings, and that since the reported
-4-
•
2 of 18
-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 35, "chars": 260, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
_ xg ernie on a ance . : gree a! Fig. 2 - Basel
Broadsheet, 1666
Both Broadsheets from the Wickiana Collection, Zurich Central Library
-5-
kinematics were inconsistent with current physical theory, the UFOs were not likely to be from a foreign power.
3 of 18

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 674, "chars": 4424, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
--
Further, they argued, no other planets in our solar system were believed to support life - certainly not intelligent
life -- and since even the nearest star was over four light years away, the hypothesis of extraterrestrial origin was
simply unacceptable from a scientific point of view. (9)
The Air Force investigative effort worked as follows: (10) Whenever a sighting was made, a report was to be
made out and turned in to the Air Force at base level. The report was forwarded to Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
for study. If the report was interesting enough, followup inquiry was made. By 1952 the number of reports coming
in was so large that the CIA was concerned that an actual attack on the country might not be immediately
recognized. A panel of scientists was then convened in January 1953 to study the available evidence and see
what conclusion could be reached about UFOs. After seven days of hearing evidence and discussing the matter
it was concluded that there was only circumstantial evidence of the extraterrestrial hypothesis. The panel
recommended a broadened study effort with full disclosure of investigations. In order to unplug the military
would go away. (11)
It was the CIA's recommendation, apparently, that was made policy, for the investigative procedures used since
1953 have been vestigal and the handling of the subject by the authorities tended to make witnesses look
ridiculous. In spite of the unfavorable publicity accorded witnesses, reports persisted, and no doubt in response to
official behavior several civilian study groups were formed to receive reports and investigate sightings. The most
successful of these groups is the National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP). NICAPS
membership is well dispersed geographically and acts to learn as much as possible from sightings. The large
number of scientific and technical personnel in the NICAP membership aids the quality of their evaluations. A
summary of characteristics of the UFO phenomenology published by NICAP
-6-
in 1964 (12) contains 575 reports that were extensively checked by NICAP for accuracy.
A series of sightings in 1965 and 1966 received considerable public attention arid after the poor public reception
given the official explanations, the Air Force felt compelled to contract for a 15 month (later stretched to 18
months) scientific study to be performed at the University of Colorado under the leadership of E. U. Condon, a
highly respected physicist. The Condon Committee is due to complete investigations at the end of June 1968; its
report will be reviewed by the National Academy of Sciences (presumably to validate that the study was indeed
the objective pearl of the scientific method that was desired), and is expected to be made public in October 1968.
Unfortunately, the dismissal of two members of the Committee in February 1968 resulted in publicity suggesting
that the study was not, in fact, objective. It remains, therefore, to see the final report to determine the worth of
the study.
In the meantime, the respectability accorded UFOs by the $500,000 study contract permitted a considerable
amount of scientific interest to surface. Astronomer Hynek has made a number of public statements on the basis
of his long involvement as a consultant to the Air Force; atmospheric physicist James F. McDonald has tumed
his attention full time to the subject, and a number of scientific and technical journals have printed some dialogue
- notably Science, the AIAA Journal, Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists and the Journal of the Astronautical
Sciences. It is also noteworthy that the University of Toronto has recently formed a UFO study group.
Even the Soviets, who previously refused even to discuss the subject now admit to having a study group with
good qualifications. The USSR Academy of Sciences still holds to the orthodox scientific view that UFOs are a
USSR as in the User, using the same arguments we heard so long. These arguments are just as invalid in the
It therefore appears that the subject is slowly and finally being regarded as a fit subject of scientific inquiry. It is
hoped that enough scientists will acquaint themselves with the subject so that progress can finally be made.
-7-
(Reference 13 is a good account of how the UFO phenomenon was treated in the U.S. and is recommended to
those wondering how science came to consciously ignore the subject.)
-8-
4 of 18

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 713, "chars": 4453, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
PART 2: UFOs - ASTRONOMICAL ASPECTS
The astonishing thing would be if they did not exist.
Jean Cocteau
We saw in Part 1 that the historical aspects suggest an extraterrestrial explanation to UFOs. While it has not
been established that the contemporary phenomena are extensions of the historical, there does seem to be a
continuity in the descriptions of the phenomena described. We shall therefore look at contemporary astronomical
knowledge and theories and ascertain the likelihood of the existence of other highly developed life forms.
To begin with, the observable universe - that is, the distance to which we can observe luminous objects - is
several billion lightyears in radius (a light year is the distance light travels in a year at a rate of 186,300 miles per
second. The sun is 8 light minutes from the earth. The next-nearest star is 4.2 light years away. Within this vast
volume we find hundreds of millions of galaxies. Our own (Milky Way) galaxy is similar to many of those we see
at great distances. It is a lens-shaped assemblage of some 100 billion stars having a diameter of about 100,000
light years. The sun is but one of its component stars and lies about 30,000 light years from the center, close to
the plane of symmetry.
Now let us just consider the stars in our own galaxy -- specifically excluding those in neighboring or distant
galaxies. We would like to estimate the number of stars having planets roughly similar to the Earth. From the
statistics of stars within 15 light years of the sun we find that only about one-third are single, the rest binary or
multiple. Since planetary orbits are often unstable in multiple systems (depending on the details of the
configuration) we will say that only 30 billion stars in our galaxy now have a dynamical environment that permits
planets to exist around them. Will these stars have planets? We cannot state with assurance that they will;
however, current knowledge supports the theory that planetary formation is a natural adjunct to formation of the
star itself from the interstellar gas cloud.
-9-
We would therefore expect about 30 billion stars to have one or more planets. Now, we can reject certain classes
of stars as candidates or habitable planets, because their lifetimes are too short (these are stars of high mass).
Others can be rejected because of variability in light output, a characteristic that would make evolutionary
development of life much more difficult. In fact if we select only those stars similar to the sun (whose peak of
radiation energy coincides with a region of terrestrial atmospheric transparency) we have only a few percent of
the total -- about one in 30. Therefore, we would expect about 1000 million suitable solar type stars exist. Of
these, it is estimated by various astronomers that 200-600 million have planets at about the right distance and
have been around long enough that life forms as developed as our own could exist. Implicit in further discussion
are the assumptions that:
1. Planets and/or life evolves to a mutual compatibility;
2. The life force, whether spontaneous or otherwise, is such that whenever the environment is favorable,
life will exist;
3. Our own history of past evolution and development is neither slow nor fast, but average and typical for
life forms. (Ours is the only example available and no one has yet demonstrated that the "average"
galactic life form should be any different.)
Now let us tum momentarily to time scales. The sun and earth are on the order of 5 billion years old. We might
define modern man as being about 5000 years old (Stonehenge is 4000 years old) -- just one millionth of the
earth's age. The age of science is certainly not more than 500 years, so our scientific and technical development
has thus far occupied only one ten-millionth of the earth's life span. We expect the sun will burn another 5 billion
years before significant changes in its brightness occur. Now the age of the galaxy is between 5 and 10 billion
years; therefore among the 200-600 millidn stars we would expect to have acceptable planets, some would be
older than the sun, some younger (for star formation is still continuing, even though at a lesser rate than in the
galaxy's eariy history) and some the same age. It should be clear from assumption (3) and the example of our
own
-10-
development, that among the populated planets those younger than the sun would be peopled by beings very
5 of 18
--
-

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 822, "chars": 5300, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
--_-
much behind us technologically, while those on older planets would be extraordinarily advanced (remember our
progress of 500 years and note that some planets could be as much as a few billion years older). Indeed, we
would be surprised to find someone else at just our stage of technological development. For the purposes of this
paper, we can ignore both the multitude younger than ourselves and those at our point of development. Even so,
we are left with the possibility of 100,000,000 planets in the galaxy having life forms very much advanced trom
us. (This number would be reduced significantly if life forms destroyed themselves soon after reaching our age of
development. This is a philosophical point on which I am optimistic - I believe the majority of races will learn to
survive.) If these stars are uniformly distributed in the galactic disk, the average separation will be about 10 light
The usual scientist's reaction at this point is, well, even if the assumptions are correct and this number of
advanced civilizations does exist, contact is still impossible because of the speed ot light limitation of the ineory
of relativity. An excellent example of this kind of reasonsing can be found in Ref. 14. My reply is that such a
statement would appear to be shortsighted. For the moment, let us ignore the possibilities of overcoming the long
time of travel by suspended animation and the like. Recall that our own physical theory has been developed in
only 500 years. What can we expect in the next 500? Or 1000 or million or even billion years? I suggest that if_
a way to circumvent the speed of light restriction is possible, it has already been found by someone in our
galaxy. (I haven't the faintest idea how this might be done and | fully agree that our own experimental data
appearto accurately confirm the existence of this limitation.) If it has been discovered by one, we certainly would
expect it to be used; if no other planet's inhabitants independently discovered the means, it makes littie
difference for such a thing could be taught by the discoverer. Thus we may conclude that it is very likely that at
least one, and probably many of the 100 million advanced planetary populations is capable of interstellar travel.
-11-
The next question is, of course, have any of them been here? That question cannot yet be answered definitively.
Without knowing what kind of phenomenology extraterrestrial visitors might exhibit, 1 will fall back on my
scientific, mechanistic attitudes and say it makes sense to look for some kind of vehicle or spaceship. It appears
that the class of phenomenology called UFO reports may contain, as a subset, actual observations of such craft.
We shall now turn to the reports to see when and where things are seen and by whom and what phenomenology,
if any) is revealed by the reports.
(Further information about the astronomical and biological possibilities are in Ref. 15, whose principal defects are
(1) the authors uninformed rejection of UFO phenomenology as being relevant to the subject under discussion,
and (2) their meek acceptance of the speed-of-light restriction as a universal truth. References 16 and 17 provide
more detailed and more technical discussions of some aspects of the problem.)
-12-
PART 3: UFOs - THE CHARACTER OF REPORTS
Any collection of reports of unknown aerial sightings by the public will include a large percent of noise - sightings
of something explainable. The reports are made because the appearance falls outside the range of the
observer's experience, and the observer believes it is sufficiently anomalous to warrant the attention of
authorities. Thus, any large collection of reports will include descriptions of aircraft, balloons) spacecraft,
astronomical objects, atmospheric effects and the like. Often the practiced and perceptive analyst can recognize
the stimulus, particularly if he has access to records of aircraft, balloon, and satellite movements, meteorological
data and astronomical phenomenology. Recognition of stimulus is aided by a high quality report which is as
quantitative as possible and which shows the observer to be able to differentiate between observation and
interpretation. Of course a number of reports will be so lacking in details that no conclusion can be reached about
what was seen. These are of little use; they may, however, serve as corroborating evidence to another, higher
quality, report and should not, therefore be rejected. The really interesting class of reports is that reporting
phenomenology which is clearly extraordinary. The observer's qualifications may be such that the report is not
only highly credible but is articulate and quantitative as well. It is this subclass of reports, variously estimated at 5
to 20 percent of the total, that offer hope of our learning what is going on.
Hynek considers two parameters of reports) credibility and strangeness, and suggests that the investigator really
needs only to be concerned with reports having high strangeness and high credibility. The physical scientist is in
a position to evaluate strangeness, the social scientist should be able to provide some measure of credibility.
Hynek also comments on a number of beliefs about UFOs and reports stating, (18) among other things, that most
6 of 18

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 713, "chars": 4421, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
reports are made by people who previously never gave much thought to UFOs; that reports are not always
vague; and that well educated, well trained, reliable, stable people also contri- bute reports. These conclusions
have been reached by most people who have taken the trouble to collect and investigate reports first hand.
-13-
To illustrate the character of reports, I will quote several narratives from the literature. (Narratives, of course, are
just the beginning of any report. Quantitative information, usually not given in the narrative must be obtained by
careful interview of the witness.) The firzt is taken from a collection of 160 reports by Olsen. (19) It was originally
made to NICAP.
Date: 24 April 1962
Place: Springfield (Delaware County), Pennsylvania
First witness, J. A. Gasslein, Jr. (Lt. Colonel, USAR Ret.) reports: "Time: Approximately 1945 hours, weather:
clear, cloudless, medium blue sky, visibility good.
"My wife was driving her mother home following the latter's visit to our home. They had driven around the block
to higher ground when my wife's mother looked out the car window and saw a large object. It was moving slowly
and silently in an east-to-west direction at not over 50 ft. above street level. (Determined by the proximity to and
relationship to the size of the Cape-Cod-type bungalows over which the object was passing.) My wife then plainly
saw the object herself.
"Anxious to have me see the object, my wife quickly drove the car back to our house and attracted my attention.
I had been working in the basement. I ran out of the house and up the street for a view. by the time I saw it, the
object appeared to be about a quarter to a half-mile away, moving in a westerly direction. I saw it as an object
smaller at the top than at the base, seemingly suspended in the air at an angle of about 45 degrees from my
position, and giving off colored lights. I know that the object was not any kind of conventional aircraft of balloon.
"Having had the advantage of a closer viewing than I, my wife describes the object as follows..
"'The UFO appeared to be about the size of one of the Cape Cod houses over which it passed, which would
make it approximately 30 ft. in diameter and about the same dimension in height. It was circular, surmounted by
a dome giving off flashes of green light. The center section rotated a series of square shaped "windows", each
giving off a brilliant white light. The base section was somewhat saucer-shaped,
-14-
curved upward. Shafts of white light were directed downward from the base.' Unfortunately, my wife cannot recall
if the exterior was metallic in appearance. In any event, the object had a well-defined outline. Again, it moved
silently. There was no evidence of occupants of the UFO.
"Approximately 20 to 25 minutes following the first sighting described above, the following~sighting occured:
"Returning from taking her mother home, my wife drove the car into our driveway alongside the house, headed
westward. In the rear of our home was a wooded park area. My wife walked down the driveway to enter the
house. Coming up the driveway was a neighbor friend, a young lady 20 years of age. In a tone of astonishment,
she called my wife's attention to the park area, from which was emerging an object of the same description as
outlined above moving easterly at low level - not over 50 ft. above ground level, as judged by the trees in the
area -- the UFO proceded relatively slowly and without sound. It was approaching the rear of our home and
adjacent properties.
"Again, my wife called me from the basement. By the time I got outside, the object had made a 90 degree turn
northward and was proceeding parallel to the backs of the houses in the same line as ours. It was perhaps 150 -
200 yards distant. My observation of the characteristics of the UFO tallied with my wife's and the young lady's.
Each of them independently made a pencil sketch within a few minutes after the sighting, and the sketches were
substantially alike. "All told, there were at least 15 persons in the vicinity who acknowledged seeing the object at
about the same time as the sightings made by my wife and myself."
Another witness, P. T. Scattergood, reports: "Around 8 (p.m.) I stepped out the front door, facing south and saw a
brilliantly lighted object low in the southern sky. At first i took it to be a jet taking off from Philadelphia Airport,
7 of 18

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 746, "chars": 4461, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
which is in that general direction. But I could hear no engine noise and it was traveling too slowly to be a plane.
Also it did not have the usual blinking lights.
"It appeared to have a row of yellowish lights (which I took for the windows of the "jet") with a clear green light at
the top. As l
-15-
watched, the row of lights appeared to be obscured as though a large paddle-wheel were revolving and blotting
them out, beginning with the rear lights and proceeding forward. Since the object was moving west, I saw the
right hand side of it. The periodic appearance and disappearance of the lights was perfectly regular. The top
green light was constantly visible. I stood on the pavement and watched the object sail leisurely to the west unt
it disappeared behind some trees. The observation probably lasted from 5 to 10 minutes."
This report has the desirable features of the UFO being seen by a number of people (about 15) of which two
actually made reports. (Hynek estimates the number of sightings to be about 10 times the number of reports
turned in). Other desirable aspects of this sighting are that it was made during daylight; that it was near enough
that some details of its configuration were observable; and, it was visible long enough to allow the observers to
consider "explanations" as they watched it.
The second example is reported by James F. McDonald in T. Bloecher's book on an intense period of UFO
activity in 1947. The report was made 20 years after the sighting to Prof. McDonald for the reasons given at the
end of the quotation.
"Mrs. Olavick was in her kitchen at 2101 East Hawthorne Street, Tucson, while Mrs. Down was out in the
an usa, lost roam tea and a an ate with he Does omna.
difficult to estimate, though she recalled that it seemed lower than average for that time of year (thus, perhaps at
or below 10,000 feet, say.). No other cloud was to be seen in the sky. In and out of the cloud moved a number of
dull-white disc-like objects that rose and fell in an erratic manner, occasionally disappearing into or above the
unnatural cloud. She said that these objects were round in planform but were not spherical, for they frequently
tipped a bit, exposing a flattened-sphere form. She estimates that they watched these objects cavorting near the
cloud for perhaps five or six minutes before the entire group suddenly disappeared within the cloud or perhaps
-16-
"After a minute or so, as she now recalls it, a new object, perhaps three of four times as large as the little objects,
came out of the cloud on its east side. After it emerged, the small objects began to emerge also, taking up a
V-formation pattern behind it. The V comprised a line of four-abreast just to the rear of the large object, then a
line of three-abreast behind that, and finally two-abreast in the rear. Thus the point of the V was to the rear (in the
sense of the emergent and subsequent motion). This formation permitted the first accurate count of the small
objects, nine in all. No sooner had the last pair emerged than all ten objects shot off to the northeast, climbing
out of sight in a time that she thought was probably two to three seconds. She does not recall what happened to
the cloud after the ten objects departed.
"I (McDonald) have spoken with Mrs. Olavick several additional times, following her first call. Her account was
presented in an unembellished manner, and her descriptions were carefully framed, specifying just which parts
had become less distinct in her memory. But the basic vividness of her memory of this observation she stressed
repeatedly. I had to explain that it was by no means clear that the objects she saw were identical with those
reported by Kenneth Arnold two months later. When I queried her as to why she had not reported them, she
pointed out that she and Mrs. Down were entirely convinced that they had been fortunate enough to witness
some new American military vehicles about which the general public had not yet been informed. Later she heard
of the "flying saucers," and she and Mrs. Down, when they rejoined their husbands in mid-summer in lowa, told
them about their own observation. The husbands, she recalled, made such a joke of it that they ceased
mentioning it.
Again we have a daytime sighting of several minutes duration, with two witnesses. As is often the case when.the
phenomenon appears mechanical, it was interpreted as some secret government development. Ridicule of the
8 of 18

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 699, "chars": 4321, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
sighting by family members and friends (if not by authorities) is frequently mentioned as a reason for delayed
reporting of sightings.
-17-
A third report is taken from a paper Prof. McDonald presented at the 12 March 1968 Canadian Aeronautics and
Space Institute Astronautics Symposium, Montreal.
"At about 5:15 am., PDT, on the morning of July 4, 1967, at least five witnesses (and reportealy others not yet
locatable) saw an object of unconventional nature moving over Highway 5 on the edge of Corning, California.
Hearing of the event from NICAP, I began searching for tne witnesses and eventually telephone-interviewed four.
•Press accounts from the Corning Daily Observer and Oakland Tribune afforded further corroboration.
"Jay Munger, operator of an all-night bowling alley, was drinking coffee with two police officers, James Overton
of the Corning force and Frank Rakes of the Orland force, when Munger suddenly spotted the object out the front
windows of his bowling alley. In a moment all three were outside observing what they each described as a dark
gray oval or disc-shaped object with a bright light shining upwards on its top and a dimmer light shining
downward from the underside. A dark gray or black band encircled the mid-section of the object. When first
sighted, it lay almost due west, at a distance that they estimațed at a quarter of a mile (later substantiated by
independent witnesses viewing it at right angles to the line of sight of the trio at the bowling alley). It was barely
moving, and seemed to be only a few hundred feet above terrain. The dawn light illuminated the object, but not
so brightly as to obscure the two lights on top and bottom, they stated.
"Munger, thinking to get an independent observation from a different part of Corning, returned almost
immediately to telephone his wife; but she never saw it for reasons of tree-obscuration. At my request, Munger
re-enacted the telephoning process to form a rough estimate of elapsed time. He obtained a time of 1-1.5
minutes. This time is of interest because, when he completed the call and rejoined Overton and Rakes, the
object had still moved only a short distance south on Highway 5 (about a quarter of a mile: perhaps), but then
quickly accelerated and passed off to the south, going out of their sight in only about 10 seconds, far to their
south.
-18-
Paul Heideman, of Fremont, California, was driving south on Highway 5 at the time of the above sighting, along
with a friend, Robert King. I located Heideman and obtained from him an account of his observation made from a
point on the highway north of Corning. He saw the light from the object, and had veered east (a turn not seen
from the more restricted viewing point of the bowing-alley parking lot). Heideman said that, when first seen, it lay
almost straight down Highway 5, serving to check the estimate of the other observers that the object lay only a
few city blocks to their west.
The weather was clear, no haze, no wind, according to the witnesses. Munger's concise comment was "I've never
seen anything like it before." He estimated its "diameter" at perhaps 50-100 ft, and its vertical thickness as
perhaps 15-20 ft, with some kind of edge (band) perhaps 5-10 ft thick. No sound was ever heard. Overton stated
to me that he had no idea what it was, but that "there was no doubt it was a craft of some sort."
The next example is from a report I personally investigated. It occurred in the area where I was reared; the
observers are known to my family; I am familiar with the natural phenomenology of the area.
Date: 10 October 1966
Place: Near Newton, Illinois
First witnesses: Mrs. A (she prefers not to be publicly identified because of the reaction of friends and neighbors).
Time: 5:20 p.m.
"Mrs. A was in her kitchen preparing supper; five of her children were playing outdoors. The children shouted to
her to "come out and see the silent plane". She writes "I glanced out the south window and there it was coming
into sight just south of our 72 foot silo moving very slowly from east to west. It was about 35 feet high. My first
thought was that it was a plane making an emergency landing, but when I saw it in full view, I knew it was no
plane, not like anything I have ever seen. I hurried outside to join the children in the yard. It
9 of 18

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 589, "chars": 3413, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- -
-19-
continued to move in a straight line to the west. We could see it clearly as it drifted over a 50 by 100 foot
machine shed being built at the time [the workers were, however, in the fields this dayl. It appeared to be larger
than our car, and was more oval. There was a bluish glow around the ends, top, and bottom of it. It (the glow)
wasn't bright, since it was daylight yet, but more like a low cloud, haze, or fog; or a mixture of bluish-grey tiny
bubbles floating along around it. The object was seen clearly. It was blue in color and appeared to be made of
metal. You could see [longitudinal] seam lines. There was one black window. I thought they (assuming someone
was in it) could see out but we could not see them. I kept looking for someone to peep out and wave, but don't
recall seeing or feeling anything at the time. There was a brownish-gold design on the lower back half. A raised
part was on the top near the back which was noticed by all the children. It moved very quietly, making no sound
at all except for a whirling or vibrating sound for 1 or 2 seconds as it drifted on toward the west... We followed it
down the yard and lane, continuing to watch it as it was 300 feet, then 200 feet from the north and south gravel
road and the REA electric line which is on the west side of the road. We were talking together, all very excited
about what it was, where it came from, if there were people in it, and if it would rise to clear the electric line. It
did; it rose so quickly and was out of sight in just a few seconds. Our eyes could not follow it fast enough. This
was certainly a fantastic thing."
The questionnaire, a lengthy correspondence, an interview in June 1967 and other checking produced the
following details:
Meteorology: Clear, warm, dry weather, cloudless.
Astronomical: Moonset 3:51 p.m. EST
UFO: Prolate spheroidial shape as shown below.
-20-
The surface appeared to be non-specular, like dull aluminum or metal, and blue, the color probably deriving from
the self-luminous halo. Lon- gitudinal seams were apparent, but no rivets or such were seen. The black rectangle
was assumed to be a window and appeared to be recessed. It was not shiny, but "like the dark of night." The
surrounding glow was partly opaque, yet self luminous. It was darker than the sky and extended about 1/4 the
object's length in all directions. The halo was particularly opaque at the ends: of the object, obscuring the
underlying parts. The design at the lower rear looked like a pattern of crosses and dots like (1) Or (2)
(1
(2).
Mrs. A says the glow obscured the design and in any case her attention was fixed on the "window". The only
sound heard occurred when the UFO was nearest the unfinished shed, being constructed of a wooden framework
covered with ferrous sheets. It is possible thạt some sheets were caused to vibrate. No electromagnetic effects
were noted (TV was off) and no electrostatic or other effects were noted by Mrs. A or her children. As the UFO
disappeared, Mrs. A was just looking along the road for a car; two of the children said the UFO pitched nose-up
and as it went up a light or flame of orange color was seen at the rear.
Enough angular data was provided from building and landmark placement and sizes that it is possible to estimate
the size of the metallic portion of the UFO at 16 to 20 feet in length, seen at a distance of 150 to 300 feet. Its
10 of 18

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 531, "chars": 3424, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
linear speed was about 4 to 8 miles per hour, based on the above distances and timings obtained by
re-enactment. It was visible for 4 minutes. Angular size was 2 3/4" at arms length. In an effort to quantify the
colors somewhat, a Nickerson color fan was used by the witnesses to select the colors most nearly like those on
the UFO. The color selections were made independently in direct sunlight with the color fan held in front of a
white field. The colors given were
-21-
Metallic surface
Mrs. A.
7.5 PB - 7
Child 1
2.5 PB
- 8/5
Child 2
7.5 B
- 3/5
Glow (The color of "grayness" was not uniform)
Mrs. A.
5 PB - 8/5
2.5 PB - 8/5
Child 1
5 PB - 7/7
Child 2
2.5 BB - 6/8
Orange flare on ascent
Child 1
5
YR - 7/11
Child 2
5
YR - 7/11
Second event: Same day, 6:30 p.m., sky is now dark. Location is in town of Newton, lilinois, about seven miles
north west of first event.
Mrs. B was walking down the steps of a friend's house toward her car. "As I started down the steps my eyes were
drawn by something in the south easter sky. I stopped a moment and saw very clearly a luinous bluish object
moving quite rapidly from east to west. It seemed to be rather low in the sky, but at night it is difficult to judge
distance either as to how high it was or how far away it was. It did appear larger than a full moon, but instead of
being round it had a definite oval shape. I would say an elongated oval. There was no sound that I could detect,
and while it appeared to be blue and purple, there was also a whitish glow in it. The outline of the object was very
distinct. I watched it until it disappeared behind some trees and a house a little less than a block from me.
Further correspondence and discussion brought forth the following information: The major axis of the oval was
horizontal; its path was not perfectly horizontal) but somewhat undulatory. Its color was brightest and whitest at
the center, becoming more blue and darker toward the edges. Mrs. B. estimated the colors as shown below
(Since the interview was conducted in the evening) the color fan was illuminated by an incandescent lamp).
-d8 750-79
cuter 0 3 3 = 912
_contex 75/0 776
-22-
In itself, this last report, which describes a sighting of 15 to 20 seconds duration, contains insufficient information
to come to any conclusion. However, when put alongside the earlier report there is the possibility of a relationship
- could these be reports of the same thing seen under differing conditions of illumination? We'li never know
positively but the suggestion is quite strong.
As far as Mrs. A's sighting is concered, we have obtained enough data from follow-up inquiry and on-site
investigation to rule out known airborne craft, meteorological, and astronomical phenomenon. Yet the
observations are sufficiently detailed to give us adequate confidence that some sort of machine was present,
behaving in a very extraordinary way. Some parts of the object are similar to other reports (the effervescent
glow, the orange color on acceleration, the very black "window" (which sounds like a block-body absorber)).
Other parts are unusual - the UFO's prolate spheroidal shape and the pattern (although seeing the pattern would
require the observerto be quite close). The original correspondence and data sheets on Mrs. A's sighting run to
over 40 pages. In correspondence and interviews over a period of 8 months no substantial inconsistencies could
11 of 18

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 543, "chars": 3588, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
be found. The geometric data, particularly, are so intricately related that it is most unlikely that the witness could
have fabricated a story so well. In addition, acquaintances made it clear that Mrs. A. is not prone to story telling
and that "she is too busy to dream up such a tale". Mr. A, who returned from the fields that evening found the
household still considerably agitated four hours after the event. He said he had no idea what it was his wife and
children saw, but he obviously treated the sighting seriously for he went to considerable trouble to comply with a
request to measure the sizes and locations of each building and tree on the farm.
It is this kind of sighting - the kind which is clearly inexplicable in contemporary terms, which causes me (and
other interested persons) to take the whole subject so seriously. Hynek suggests that it is just this kind of sighting
that often goes unreported, because the witness -- especially if his education or training are appropriate -- knows
that what he saw was unambiguously extraordinary. And machine-like. A number of such reports were belatedly
made after the University of
-23-
Colorado study effort got underway. Apparently the witnesses waited for the respectability the UOG study brought
to the subject. It is hoped that the scientific and intellectual climate will change to the point where witnesses,
particularly those having the best qualifications, can feel free to report sightings and know that they are being
taken seriously.
Not all reports are visual reports only. An example of a photographic observation studied in detail is given in
reference 20. Here, a 16mn movie of two objects sighted in the daytime provided the analyst enough information
to conclude that no known phenomena could have caused the images. This report is, hopefully, the first in a
series of instrumented sightings carefully and adequately studied.
-24-
PART 4: UFO'S - PHENOMENONOLOGICAL ASPECTS
Since I have made a first hand study of only a dozen sightings, the phenomenology described in this section will
numbers of reports are in the hands of the organizations mentioned above. (The extensive Air Force files are of
very limited use, from what 1 can tell, because of the extremely inconsistent quality of investigation.) in an
unfortunate number of cases the report consists of little more than a narrative. My experience with the Newton
sightings suggests that quantitative information is available if the investigator takes the trouble to personally
make an on-site study. True, it may not be the quality of an instrumented sighting, but enough quantitative data
are available to permit meaningful study of sighting reports.
NICAP's document "The UFO Evidence" contains a summary of patterns in appearance and behavior as
determined from cases they had studied through 1963. Regarding appearance, the most common type is a disc
shape, followed by spherical, oval/elliptical, cylindrical, and triangular. The breakdown of NICAP's 575 cases
goes as follows
Disc
Round
oval/elliptical
Cylindrical
Triangular
other (Radar, light source,
26
17
13
8.38
2
33.78
149
96
77
48
11
194
cases
cases
cases
cases
cases
cases
not stated)
Obviously, there may be some mis-classification within the first three groups because of
projective effects. Discs may be coin-shaped or lens shaped (double convex). The domed disk
is plano-convex, (sometimes double convex) with a smaller radius bulge atop the convex side.
The saturn disk is a sphere or oblate spheroid with a thin ring projecting from the equator.
Similar objects are
-25-
12 of 18

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 524, "chars": 3476, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-
seen without the equatorial ring also. Another subset are the hemispheric variety, sometimes
with a small protrusion at the apex and usually seen with the flat side down. All the above
mentioned objects are generically oblate with the axis of symmetry usually seen oriented
vertically. Another group are prolate, having the major axis horizontal, usually. This includes the
elliptical (football) variety, the triangular or tear drop variety, and the cylindrical or cigar shaped
species.
Reported colors depend strongly on the luminous environment. NICAP finds that of the 253
cases of daytime observations where color is stated, the results are
Silver or metallic
34.8
8
88 cases
White
32.0 ฿
81 cases
Specular
Gray
13.4 8 34 cases
7.5
19 cases
Black
12.3 8 31 cases
It should be noted that a few reports exist suggesting that the brightness of the object first thought by the
observer to be reflected sunlight, was in fact self luminosity, as ascertained by the geometry, presence of clouds
In the dark-sky observations, the outline or shape of the UFO is often not seen. What is seen is a light or serles
of lights, sometimes extremely bright. Luminous rays are also reported, going up sometimes (particularly from
domed discs) downward (from hemispheric types principally, also from discs) and from one UFO to another
(spherical types). The luminous column is usually not divergent. Excluding these interesting rays, the reported
colors of UFOs seen at night are, for 162 cases
Red
orange
Yellow
Green
Blue
Purple
38.3 ฿
62 cases
15.48
25
cases
17.3 ฿
28 cases
13.0$
21
cases
16.0 %
26
cases
-26-
Brightness and color changes are also noted, and while the sample is small (82 cases) NICAP found the
following: Of the 25 cases showing a change in brightness, 23 of the changes occurred at the moment of a
velocity change (a change of either magnitude or direction). Concerning the change of color, 23 cases showed a
color change related to acceleration. While the supporting data are not conclusive, it appears that the spectral
shift is to the red upon acceleration.
It should also be noted that UFOs reported at night have only a star-like appearance unless very close. Distant
UFO's sometimes turn off and on. When closer to the observer, reports often indicate a number of lights, located
at the top and around the rim usually. Sometimes the lights flash on and off or change color rhythmically.
Several cases have been reported of the UFO flashing its lights in response to the witness flashing hand or
vehiclar lights. In other cases the lights winked off with the approach of another car or an aircraft, only to turn on
again when the vehicle had passed.
While practically any luminous behavior could be produced by someone with sufficient time and money,
kinematic behavior at odds with experience or, preferably, at odds with Newtonian behavior are suggestive of
non-terrestrial origin.
A common kind of motion is called oscillation by NICAP and is subdivided into "wobble on axis" (frequently
described also as fluttering, flipping, and tipping); pendulum motion on slow ascent, hovering and decent (als‹
called "falling leaf motion"'); and occasionally a side-to-side oscillation observed as the UFO proceeds
horizontally. These motions are most often performed by discs, although examples of similar behavior by other
forms also exist.
The last class, that of violent and erratic maneuvers, most clearly lacks an explanation from current physical
13 of 18
-

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 652, "chars": 4375, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-
theory. Using terms like bobbing, erratic, jerky, zig-zag, dark, and shot away, witnesses describe motions
involving high angular accelerations and velocities. A number of radar observations appear to substantiate this
anomalous behavior. Among the 40 cases showing such characteristics, NICAP finds that 28 percent were
reported by scientific or other appropriately experienced personnel.
-27-
Variation of Sightings with Time
It appears that the UFO phenomenology has been with us from the earliest times. In the last twenty-five years,
however, there seems to be a drastic increase in the number of sightings. It is practically impossible to estimate
the number of world-wide sightings because of the lack of suitable data collection means. In the U.S., the
principal depositories are currently the Air Force, NICAP and APRO. It is estimated that currently these sources
together receive about 2000 reports per year. Since only about one sighting in 10 is reported, the number of
sightings is about 20,000. But of these, 80 to 95% are not interesting, leaving us with "only" 1000 to 4000
worthwhile sightings per year for North America.
In addition to the background of reports more or less constantly flowing in, occasional periods of intense activit
are also noted. One such period was October 1954 over most of France. NICAP lists a number of these "flaps"
Sometimes they are very localized, covering only a small portion of a state for a period of a few weeks.
APRO concludes, on the basis of the reports available to them, that the pattems of appearance follow phases -
atomic test areas and installations in the late 1940s and early 50s, rivers, reservoirs and bodies of water in the
late 50s and early 60s and now electrical distribution systems. Convincing evidence to support this hypothesis
has not been published; however, if the hypothesis were true it would certainly raise a lot of question.
McDonald and others suggest that reports of the last few years show more sightings of objects at low altitude (or
landed) and more sightings made from urban areas (in the 40s and 50s sightings were generally inversely
correlated with population densities).
Interactions with the Environment
Interactions of UFOs with the environment produce a kind of believability that pure visual observations will never
do. Some examples of interaction are cases showing electromagnetic disturbances in practically every kind of
device -- radio, TV, auto ignition, aircraft electronics, compass, magnetometer, magnetic automobile
speedometer, etc. NICAP lists 106 examples. NICAP also lists 81 cases of radar
-28-
tracking of UFOs, most of which were simultaneous with visual sightings, and a number of which involved use of
interceptors. Among the physiological effects noted are burns, temporary paralysis, prickling sensation, and eyes
irritated as by ultraviolet light. A number of witnesses claim to have observed landings; depressions in the ground
and damaged vegetation usually result. At a landing site in France, only weeds grow in a nine foot circular area
where a disc was seen to land two years ago, despite efforts to replant. (21) At another landing site, French
railway officials calculated that a weight of 30 tons would be required to make the depressions found in some
railroad ties where a UFO was reported to have landed.
While most UFO's are silent, some have made sounds described as hissing, rushing, swishing, humming,
whirring, whining, droning, like thunder, like shotgun, and a series of staccato explosions. In the past the absence
of sonic booms from supersonic UFO's bothered many scientists; it appears now that that problem might be
overcome by surrounding the craft by a corona discharge (which incidentally would be a luminous blue glow
around the object). (23)
I will purposely not comment much on occupants, except to say that there are a few (very few) reasonably
reliable and carefully investigated reports of UFO occupants. For the time being, I would prefer to concentrate on
reports of the objects, however, as the frequency of reliable occupant reports is so low. I have no bias one way or
the other along these lines. If UFOs are of extraterrestrial origin, they may or may not be "manned". If manned,
one should expect an occasional appearance. Readers more interested in this aspect of UFOs are referred to
reference 24.
14 Of 18

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 582, "chars": 4063, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
--
-
In summary, we see a wide, almosi exasperating range of reported phenomenology. By careful interviews with
witnesses and analysis of a large number of reports the significant patterns in phenomenonology should appear.
If the UFOs are a new manifestation of nature, they should exhibit some pattars of appearance or behavior
which would aid in identifying and predicting them. If of extraterrestrial origin and intelligently guided it may be
possible to anticipate appearances. This will be discussed in the next and final essay.
-29-
PART 5: UFOs - HOW TO PROCEED AND WHY
We are so far from knowing all the forces of Nature and the various modes of their action that it is
not worthy of a philosopher to deny phenomena only because they are inexplicable in the present
state of our knowledge. The harder it is to acknowledge the existence of phenomena, the more we
are bound to investigate them with increasing care.
Laplace
Laplace's remarks are certainly as true and significant for us today as for his contemporaries. In the preceding
essays I have suggested that there exists a class of phenomena rather widely occuring today (and perhaps since
earliest times) that is elusive, puzzling and often at variance with known scientific and technical experience.
What are we going to do about it? What should we, what can we do about it?
J. E. MacDonald suggests that the UFO phenomena lie somewhere in the following categories of explanation:
1. Hoaxes, fabrications, and frauds. Report files contain examples of these; investigators believe about 5
percent of all reports made are in this category. Detailed study, however, usually uncovers such reports.
2. Hallucinations, mass hysteria, and rumor phenomena. Present understanding of psychology does not
admit many of the significant reports to be explained in this way.
3. Misinterpretations of well known physical phenomena (meteorolo- gical, astronomical, optical, etc.). By
far the largest percentage of reports fall in this category. Study by an experienced investigator can usually
identify these.
4. Poorly understood physical phenomena (rare electrical or moteorological effects, plasmas). Certainly a
distinct possibility in a number of cases, it is a category worthy of careful study. Some of the most
interesting cases, however have sufficient observational datail to eliminate this possibility (I am referring
to reports of unambiguously machine-like objects).
-30-
5. Advanced technologies (test vehicles, satellites, reentry effects). Again, some reports can be attributed
to this cause, but most cannot.
6. Poorly understood psychic phenomena (psychic projections, archetypal images, parapsychological
phenomena, etc). It is difficult to comment on this possibility because the current lack of knowledge of
parapsychology. While a (small) number of UFO reports do exhibit aspects of parapsychological
phenomenology (25) general relationships have yet to be convincingly demonstrated. Reference 6 deals
with this explanation.
7. Extraterrestrial probes. A possibility commonly held by the public and commonly rejected by scientists.
Prof. McDonald believes a number of sightings are best explained by this hypothesis.
8. Messengers of salvation and occult truth. This explanation is listed because of the nature of certain
reports (particularly "contact" reports -- reports involving communication of UFO occupants and the
witnesses) and because of the historical aspects of the phenomenology. See reference 5 for elaboration.
Perhaps, to play it safe, an additional category should be listed:
9. Other
Clearly, the explanation of UFOs will interest someone. Psychologists have an interest in 1, 2, 3 and 6;
theologians in category 8, scientists in 4 and 7. Therefore, whatever the explanation, it is a problem of at least
average interest. If, by chance, the explanation is 7, or even 8 (and possibly 6) the value to society would be
profound and significant. In this sense, an identification of the phenomenon would be a task of highest potential
urgency.
How might it be done?
-
15 of 18
-

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 677, "chars": 4415, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Because of the transient nature of UFO's we cannot expect to have the interested scientist rush to the spot to
make his own observations. Reports so far accumulated, however, show that UFO's sometimes appear
frequently in certain areas for a short period of time (a so-called "flap"). One characteristic of the flap is a larger
percentage of sightings of objects at low levels than one normally obtains. If the reporting and analysis system
were responsive enough, men and instruments
-31-
could be dispatched when a flap was recognized with a reasonable hope of making first hand observations. I
would therefore suggest the following:
1. Organization of a central report receiving agency, staffed by a permanent group of experienced UFO
investigators and having on call specialists in astronomy, physics, optics, atmospheric physics, psychology and
the like for application when needed.
2. This agency should be readily and instantly accessible to the public for the purpose of reporting. (Witnesses
should be able to turn to someone other than the press to make reports.) Report forms could be made available
in Post Offices, for example. More urgent reports could be made by toll-free telephone lines. (Radio amateurs
have recently begun cooperating with NICAP to provide an alerting system.) Because many sightings are made
at night when most services are closed, the local police office should be prepared to receive reports of sightings.
Experience indicates that witnesses usually turn first to the police, particularly if the UFO was close or if the
witness was frightened. Such a local "data center" would be very useful for identifying flaps and could possibly
serve to dispatch personnel to an area of interest. Care must be taken to properly inform the officers involved
about the aims of the project and requests for assistance should be made in such a way as to minimize additional
police work. An awareness of the problem by a dispatcher or desk sergeant might be sufficient to draw attention
to a developing situation. An interested local scientist could then be notified, perhaps in time to make an
observation. Hynek also suggests that the police carry cameras in their cars should they become involved as
observers. This advice obviously applies to all interested persons.
3. A loose organization of interested scientists should be available to investigate reports in their local areas. A
good start toward this has been made by NICAP. It is important that investigations be made rapidly and by
properly qualified people.
4. The press should be encouraged to report sightings accurately and in a non-sensational manner. Suitable
reporting would encourage other witnesses to come forth.
-32-
5. Existing sensor records could be examined for anomalies, particularly if visual reports are made nearby. Since
we don't know what to expect, it is difficult to say what is needed; however records of electric, magnetic and
gravitational fields, radioactivity, optical and radio frequency anomalies would be a logical place to start. Radars
could also contribute, if they are designed for general purpose use. As it is, most current radar detection and
tracking devices are designed to ignore anomalous objects.
After a few years' operation in this mode, it should be possible to study the resulting report statistics to draw
generalities about appearance and behavior (such as was done in Part IV) and most importantly to anticipate
therefore obtain the objecive data so badly needed is de explanation is is4, Stole men eight corelations are
bound to occur. For #7 it is possible that appearances could be anticipated, if we are clever enough; for #6 and
#8 we will likely not be able to anticipate appearances.
Certainly the conclusions drawn by NICAP from reports in their file are startling and, if valid worthy of
considerable scientific effort. It would be much more convincing if data could be collected worldwide and if the
most interesting reports could be intensively and completely investigated. I believe current reports justify the
expanded data collection and analysis effort.
Pages 33 to 40 consist of the basic report form used by the University of Colorado UFO project which
have not been included here. A copy of this reporting form is reproduced in "The Final Report of the
Scientific Study of Unidentified Flying Objects," Bantam Books, 1968, published in association with
16 of 18
-

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 222, "chars": 2046, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
Colorado Associated University Press.
-40-
BIBLIOGRAPHY
1. Christian Science Monitor, May 23, 1967
2. Anatomy of a Phenomenon, J. Vallee, Ace Books, Inc H-17
3. The Sky People, B. LePoer Trenth, London, Neville Spearman, 1960.
4. The Meaning of Fatima, C. C. Martindale, S. J., P. J. Kenedy & Sons, New York 1950, p. 77.
5. Flying Saucers Through the Ages, Paul Thomas, Neville Spearman, London, 1966.
6. Flying Saucers - A Modern Myth, C. C. Jung, Harcourt, Brace & World New York, 1959
7. Sputnik, January 1967 issue, p. 174
8. Report on the UFO Wave of 1947, Ted Bloecher, 1967; Available from NICAP, 1536 Connecticut Avenue,
NW, Washington DC 20036
9. Bloecher, pp. 1-9, 10, 12
10. The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects, E. J. Ruppelt, Ace Books, Inc. G-537
11. UFO's: Greatest Scientific Problem of Our Times? J. E. McDonald UFORI, Suite 311, 508 Grant Street,
Pittsburgh, Pa., 15219
12. The UFO Evidence, NICAP, 6536 Connecticut Avenue, NW.., Washington D.C., 20036, 1964
13. Flying Saucers: Hoax or Reality? L. Jerome Stanton, Belmont Books B50-761
14. "The Physics and Metaphysics of Unidentified Flying Objects", William Markowitz, Science, 15 Sept. 1967
15. Intelligent Life in the Universe, J. S. Shklovskii and Carl Sagan, Holden-Day, Inc. 1966 (San Francisco)
16. Habitable Planets for Man, S. H. Dole, Blaisdell Publishing Co., New York, 1964
17. Interstellar Communication, Edited by A. C. W. Cameron, Benjamin, New York, 1963
18. Science, 21 October 1966, letter by J. A. Hynek, p. 329
19. The Reference for Outstanding UFO Sighting Reports, T. M. Olsen, UFO Information Retrieval Center, Inc.,
Box 57, Riderwood, Md. 21139
-24-
20. Observations of an Anomalistic Phenomenon, R. M. L. Baker, Journal of the Astronautical Sciences,
January/February, 1968
21. Flying Saucer Review, 14, 1, January/February, 1968, cover and pp. 6-12.
22. Vallee, p. 109
23. Aviation Week and Space Technology, 22 January, 1968, p. 21
24. The Humanoids, special issue of Flying Saucer Review, 49a Kings Grove, Peckham, London, S.E. 15,
17 of 18

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 341, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
--
-
England (1967)
25. An interesting example appears in the July, 1968 issue of Science & Mechanics, starting on page 30
5. A highly recommended collection of recent views on this subject are contained in the Symposium o
nidentified Flving Obiects. Hearings Before the House Committee on Science and Astronautics, July 29, 1968
18 of 18
