{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T04:55:43Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 308977, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122158-witness-10759-national-enquirer-letter-re-ufo-reporting-to-dr-steven-greer-june-2-2023.pdf", "source_sha256": "8fc45c33c32cb27ebed0d796012278f869705a3ae6a2dc5cd9029bd103628226"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2437, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
June 2, 2023
To: Dr. Steven Greer
From:
RE: UFOs/National Enquirer
I haven't found any hard evidence supporting the claim that Generoso Pope, Jr. used the
National Enquirer to help shape public opinion on UFOs for the CIA. While the agency
may well have put UFOs on Pope's agenda, Pope's interest in pursuing the subject came
down to one issue—sales. Once he saw that UFO stories sold papers, he pursued the
topic with the same intensity that he used on any type of story that made him money.
Offering a million-dollar prize for proof of extra-terrestrials, funding a "blue ribbon"
panel of UFO experts, and sending reporters anywhere on Earth were part of the Pope
playbook for sensationalizing just about anything, and he went all out for UFO's. A story
that does a fair job of chronicling the Enquirer's UFO coverage can be found at
https://podcastufo.com/ufos-in-the-national-enquirer.
I joined the tabloid in 1981 as a photo editor after earning a degree in journalism from
the University of Wisconsin and working as a newspaper reporter for a couple of years
at small and mid-sized papers in Michigan and Illinois. While I was hardly a seasoned
journalist, I was well aware of the skepticism that mainstream media types had for UFO
reporting. And the lack of UFO stories in Big Media despite the public's interest, spoke
volumes about the media's perceptions of UFO news. The topic was poison. Perhaps
Orson Wells infamous, "War of the World's" broadcast in 1938 about a fake Martian
invasion started a trend of disbelief that has perpetually kept legitimate reporting at
bay. But it's likely there's more to the story. Over the years, government entities of all
types have learned how to use media to shape public opinion to suit its purposes.
Techniques have ranged from "planting" stories by way of seemingly straightforward
sources to outright payoffs to editors and publishers. If the goal has been to tamp down
belief that we may have been visited by explorers from at least one of the 700
quintillion planets that make up our universe, our government has had plenty of tools to
do so.
The fact that Generoso Pope, Jr. was the nation's only media mogul bringing news of
extra-terrestrials to the masses may fit, in part, with your source's contention that the
people running the country believed publication in the National Enquirer would
probably do more to undermine "believability," than enhance it. But having worked for

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2365, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pope from 1981 until his death in 1988, I am more inclined to believe that if outside
pressure was indeed brought by the CIA or other government entities to prevent
disclosure, it was likely directed at the top of the media food chain—at the nation's
premier newspapers and television networks. Then and now, mainstream media is a
"me too" business. If the New York Times and Washington Post choose to avoid a story,
everyone else takes notice.
Make no mistake that Pope was a veritable tabloid story himself and his stint at the CIA
was an example of this. Knowledge of Pope's CIA employment clearly sets the stage for
any number of claims about his collaboration with the agency —for UFO's or any other
subject. And considering that no less an authority than President Harry S. Truman wrote
Pope's letter of recommendation for a job at the agency, this alone would seem to
cement his reputation as an agency insider and government "fixer."
But after joining the CIA in mid-1950, Pope left his position in psychological warfare in
under a year. He later told his "right hand man" of 20 years at the Enquirer,
that he found the CIA boring. He told
that he did little more than read
newspapers while there and didn't like his superiors.
Perhaps this was disinformation, but | routinely sat in meetings with Pope, had many
private meetings with
and socialized with all of the Enquirer's top editors. Maybe
Pope's coverage of UFO's really was at the behest of the CIA, but this never leaked out
to we editors.
The fact is that if it hadn't been for Pope's father's untimely death of a heart attack in
1950 at age 59, he probably would never have left his cushy life in New York to join the
CIA or start the National Enquirer, for that matter. Pope grew up in a family of wealth
and power and after he graduated from MIT in 1947 at age 19 with a degree in
mechanical engineering, he was perfectly content to return home and work at high-level
positions in his family's three companies. He never spent so much as one minute
working as a mechanical engineer. His father, Generoso Pope Sr., was well aware of his
son's genius-level IQ and made him his heir apparent for the businesses he founded. As
Generoso Sr. also loved politics and knew every President of the 1920's through 1940's
personally, he paved the way for Gene Jr. to follow in his political footsteps, too.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 170, "chars": 970, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
But his father's death ended everything of value in Gene Jr.'s life. His mother and his
brothers hid their resentment of the favoritism shown Gene Jr. by his father. But once
he died, the knives came out and they stripped Gene of his power, money, and influence
in the family businesses. His response was to "divorce" his family, as he put it, and leave
New York for his job at the CIA.
I'll close by mentioning that I worked many UFO stories during my Enquirer career and
that while I initially expected the exercise would be short on truth and long on fakery,
puffery and quotes that were made up from whole cloth, I was wrong.
I called many of the subjects of our stories to arrange photo shoots and check for
graphics. And while doing so I was struck by the credibility of the people involved and
how convincing their stories were. And more than once, I asked myself, "Why isn't the
rest of the world covering this?"
And the question remains valid today.
Sincerely,
