{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T17:36:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2957724, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122195-interview-with-an-assassin-article-by-walter-bowart-nexus-magazine-april-may-1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "e55ecc6a0589852463fd106128d6a0957956107e41251e1ae6c1b34c8dcc5e9c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 696, "chars": 4348, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
WOW
Interview with an Assassin
For decades, even
centuries, mind
control techniques
have been intrinsic
to covert
intelligence.
operations.
A former CIA
assassin reveals his
view of it all.
Reprinted with permission from:
Operation Mind Control
© 1978, by Walter Bowart
Published by Dell Publishing Co, Inc.
(USA) and Fontana/Collins (UK), 1978.
APRIL - MAY 1995
ind control is not needed to motivate assassins; it is, however, most useful to
protect assassins and their employers trom their own incriminating memo-
ries. In the course of researching this book, I talked with a number of retired
intelligence personnel (from various government agencies) who had either
committed assassination or admitted having heard tales of assassins in their work. Few
had heard of an assassin being mind-controlled. One man I consulted, however, took a
special interest in the stories of David and Castillo. A chemist who had worked for one of
the intelligence research labs, he developed new ways for killing quickly and quietly.
And he had met several of the killers who were to use his formulas.
Over a three-year period I talked with this chemist on a number of occasions. He came
to trust that I would reveal no names and endanger no lives in telling the story of mind
control. After hearing details of my research, he offered to introduce me to a man he had
met while working at the lab. This man had been a high-ranking officer in the military,
retired after thirty years of service. He had served as an officer in World War II and
Korea. During the Vietnam conflict, because of his special knowledge of 'black science'
he was induced to sign on after he retired from military service as a private contractor for
the cryptocracy. During the next eighteen years, he accepted several simple assassination
jobs. He told the chemist about some of his friends having come back from similar mis-
sions with "holes in their memories"
The chemist had arranged a meeting in a noisy public restaurant in a small New Mexico
town. Having promised to take no notes, I had secreted in my pocket the smallest tape
recorder made, which allowed me to record three hours of the assassin's talk, amid clank-
ing glasses and the general restaurant noise.
When I finally sat across from him, my heart raced. The retired assassin was a sixty-
year-old man, grey-haired but as strong as a man twenty-five years his junior. He had a
357 magnum revolver strapped to his side, as did the man he introduced as his body-
guard. As a cover for the guns, he and the bodyguard both wore National Rifle
Association patches sewn prominently to the pockets of their crisply pressed khaki
clothes.
The chemist had already informed his friend about the book I was researching. As we
sat down and were introduced by first names only, I told the assassin I was especially
interested in finding out why men had been returned to civilian life with amnesia.
I mentioned the ad I had placed and the number of men who had responded. I men-
tioned also that the majority of those who responded, and who had reason to believe their
minds had been tampered with, had been enlisted men.
Career officers, he explained, were legally bound by security oaths and economically
dependent upon pensions and the privileges of rank, but enlisted men, while perhaps
bound by an oath, were likely to separate from the service knowing more than they need-
ed to know. Somebody had to man the high-technology instruments of war, and those
who were merely computer fodder had to be protected against their knowledge-they
could not be trusted. Patriotism, especially during the Vietnam era, was a waning motiva-
tion. Their memories had to be erased. But, he explained, mind control was not needed to
make a killer. Professionals didn't usually need to be motivated. Most members of
search-and-destroy or "executive action" teams were already willing to kill men, women
or children if their superiors ordered it.
I concluded that he meant a career killer didn't need to be debriefed by mind control.
When I said that, he contradicted me. "You want to bet?" he said. "They'd all kill, but
they might not be able to keep the secret. It would depend entirely upon what activities
they were involved in, whether the assignment was combat, mop-up, search-and-destroy,
political assassination, or whatever...'
NEXUS • 39

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 956, "chars": 5695, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"This debriefing is done in such a way, in many cases, as to
cause actual memory damage. As things have gone along and pro-
gressed, the techniques have been smoothed out, but memory
damage still occurs. In certain cases memory recall is so critical
that they bend over backwards to be damned sure that you can't
remember."
"Many of the things that occur are not as pretty as you'd like the
public to think," he said.
"So you've witnessed many atrocities of war?" I asked.
"I don't call them atrocities," he countered. "I call them military
actions. There's a lot of conflict of interest there—the politicians
against the military....
I let him rail a while about the evils of the government and then
brought him back to my point of interest. "Okay, who killed JFK,
RFK, King, and who was behind Bremer?" I asked. He didn't
remember who Bremer was, so I explained that he was the man
who'd shot Wallace.
"Oh, yeah," he said. "Bremer was just a kook. Wallace was
shot just by a kook. But whoever got the Kennedys and King
probably got a gold medal.
"We were set up to wipe Castro out. Kennedy interfered at the
last minute. You want to take a guess at who killed him? Oswald
was just a patsy. I've fired the same kind of rifle Oswald was sup-
posed to have used. You can't rapid-fire that thing like he was
supposed to have done. Now who do you suppose killed
"Don't kid yourself. This country is controlled by the Pentagon.
All the major decisions in this country are made by the military,
from my observations on the clandestine side of things.
"The CIA's just the whipping boy. NSA [the National Security
Agency] are the ones who have the hit teams. Look into their
records—you won't find a thing. Look into their budget-you
can't. For the life of you, you can't find any way they could spend
the kind of money they've got on the number of people who're
supposed to be on their payroll. Even if they had immense
research and development programs, they couldn't spend that kind
"The CIA's just a figurehead. They are more worldwide-like
the FBI is. They're accountants, lawyers, file clerks, schoolboys.
I LOST IT IN
A
REVOLVING DOOR
meville
40 • NEXUS
They are information-gatherers. They've pulled a lot of god-
damned shenanigans-I'm not going to deny that—but as far as
intelligence goes, the NSA's far, far superior to them—far in
advance in the 'black arts'.
"The CIA gets blamed for what NSA does. NSA is far more
vicious and far more accomplished in their operations.
The
American people are kept in ignorance about this-they should be,
too."
"In other words," I responded, "what you're saying is that the
military is more dangerous to our democracy than the CIA or
other intelligence groups?"
"The CIA gathers information, but the military heads the show.
Look at how many former military officers work for the CIA.
Look at how many former high-ranking military officers work for
the multinational corporations. Can't you figure it out?"
"What are you suggesting, that there is an invisible coup d'état
which has occurred in the United States?" I asked.
"Okay. There is a group of about eighteen or twenty people
running this country. They have not been elected. The elected
people are only figureheads for these guys who have a lot more
power than even the President of the United States."
"You mean that the President is powerless?" I asked.
"Not exactly powerless. He has the power to make decisions on
what is presented to him. The intelligence agencies tell him only
what they want to tell him, however. They don't tell him any more
than they have to or want to.
"You have to wonder at American stupidity. How much does it
take to get people to wake up to what has happened? It's public
knowledge that the CIA has falsified documents and given
Presidents fake intelligence reports so that they can only arrive at
one conclusion—the conclusion they want them to arrive at. The
"Pentagon Papers" revealed that fact.
"What people don't know is that the global corporations have
their own version of the CIA. Where they don't interface with the
CIA, they have their own organisations—all CIA-trained. They
also have double-agents inside CIA and other intelligence organi-
sations who are loyal to those corporations-I mean where's the
bread buttered? Would you rather take the government pensions,
or would you rather work a little for the corporation on the side
and get both government pensions and corporate benefits
after you retire? Most men retire after twenty years, and
they're only in their mid-forties, then they go to work for
the corporation they've been working for while they were
in government service. They get both the pension and the
corporate paycheck that way!
"Together with what the corporations do on their own,
they have a worldwide espionage system far better than the
CIA's. There is a network of what amounts to double-
agents-they do work for the government, and may appear
to be government agents, but they are first loyal to the cor-
porations. They report to those corporations on the govern-
ment and on what foreign governments might be planning
which would interfere with those corporations' foreign
investments. These guys are strictly free enterprise
"You call these guys contract agents?" I wondered.
"Oh, no, no, no. Take, for example: we develop a new
death ray. We've got all the security the government can
think of on it. We've got the best security in the United
States on it, which is tied for second place for the best secu-
rity in the world. Tied for first place are the Russian and
Chinese security systems.
"Now even with all this security, before FACI [First
Article Configuration Inspection, the government's check-
APRIL - MAY 1995

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1176, "chars": 6686, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
AT
ing system on the manufacturing of military hardware] on a gov-
emment contract, that death ray is up for grabs in every nation in
the world. Any amount of military security can't keep it secret."
"What you're saying," I interrupted, "is that American people
are selling secrets, wholesale, to the highest bidder? That is to
say, 1 assume, if the highest bidder is an American company?"
"And even if it's not" he said.
"Usually it is another nation.
I've dealt with weapons and usually the nation that wants it most
will pay the most for it. Once in a while these companies, these
government contractors, will find that someone has stolen one of
their secrets and there'll be a big flap. But the big boys that are in
the military are an entirely different ball of wax: the big guys get
real problems and we try to kick him out. We call in some of my
former group and say, Look, the bastard has got to have a fatal
accident, and it's gotta look good—-like he fell on a bar of soap
and broke his neck in the bathtub or something.' So we go down
there and get the job done.
"But it could be quite embarrassing if any of the guys were
cross-examined about where they'd been and what they'd done...
So the guys who were in on the job suddenly have a cold or some-
thing, and they are put in a hospital for maybe just a routiné
checkup. They come out of the hospital in about fifteen days.
They're alive. They're well. They're healthy. And they're happy,
too. Lots of luck if you question them: they don't remember any-
"When one of these companies finds someone inside it that's
"That's one way it's used. The other way is to use it to improve
selling secrets, they take him on a fishing trip, a boat ride, and get
memory-say, with couriers.
rid of him. It's quite common," he said.
You want a secret message carried,
outside the chain of command.
"For example, if I was tied in with one of
these companies where money is no
object and they wanted me to get rid of
you, la obtain a passport or a duplicate
passport with your smilin' face on it.
After I'd obtained it, I'd put whoever's
face on it I wanted. Then after we
dumped you, that 'someone' whose face
was on your passport would take a trip to
"Later, your friends or family would
notice you were missing and people
would begin to inquire as to your where-
"You improve his memory so that he
can carry an entire coded book of
what appears to be gibberish, anyou
give him amnesia and seal off that
message by a post-hypnotic code-
word, and whammo! You got a real
good secret courier, because he can
be tortured to death but he can't
remember."
There's no need to have it carried
by a person if it's a legal mes-
sage, because the military's got a
thousand ways of sending mes-
sages which are unbreakably
secret. But if it's outside the
chain of command, as so many
things are these days, if it's an
illegal
message-and
OUr
Constitution doesn't permit us to
do much that is legal—then you
have a hypno-programmed guy
abouts. Eventually they'd check with the
carry the message. You improve
Australian customs who'd say, yes, this
his memory so that he can carry
an entire coded book of what
guy entered the country on such and such a date. By then the guy
who'd travelled over there on your passport would have already
appears to be gibberish, and when he's got it down you give him
amnesia and seal off that message by a post-hypnotic code-word,
- -come back on his own, and as far as the best detective could tell and whammo! You got a real good secret courier, because he can
you've gone to Australia and you've never come back."
"What do you know about the military or the intelligence agen-
be tortured to death but he can't remember. Unless the proper cue
is uttered.
cies" use of pain-drug hypnosis?" I asked.
"Then if the courier is going to operate against the enemy, who
"They used several different things. I've seen, actually seen,
guys coming back with blanks only in certain places of their mem-
might have the techniques of hypnosis down, you give him several
ory. Let's say that I know positively, not by hearsay, that it's
layers of post-hypnotic command. In the first layer, he'll confess a
done."
false message. In the second layer, he'll confess another different
• "You've seen it?" I asked.
false message. Finally, maybe on the fourth or fifth layer is the
real message.
"You'll never get me to admit it," he grinned.
"Well, how is it done?" I asked
"Our guy who is supposed to get the message knows that the
*They use hypnosis and hypnotic drugs. They also use electron-
first three cues, say, are fake, and he gives the fourth cue and out
ic manipulation of the brain. They use ultrasonics, which will boil
comes the correct message. If the courier was in enemy hands, he
your brain. When they use hypnosis, they'll at the same time be
could be there for years before anybody will figure out where he
using a set of earphones which repeat,
was in all those layers... Each identity will probably be that of a
You do not know this or
that', over and over. They turn on the sonics at the same time, and
real 'cut our'—a person enough like him, so that the enemy will
think that they've got the real guy.
the electrical patterns which give you memory are scrambled.
You can't hear the ultrasonics and you can't feel it unless they
"Many of the men in my unit were given assignments, after
leave it on—then it boils your grey matter."
which they were so 'persuaded' that they didn't remember any-
thing. I mean to say, they'd gone in believing that the only thing
in life that meant anything to them was completing the assign-
ment—to get it done-and when they got done with it they could-
n't remember anything about it."
undertaken for a period of more than twenty years. But the docu-
ments said that the research had stopped, so I asked him about
"Yeah. The research has stopped. They've gone operational. It
ain't research any more. They know how to do it," he said.
"Do you mean that it is your opinion that it hasn't stopped, or do
you mean that you know it hasn't stopped?" I asked.
"I mean I know it hasn't stopped," he said. "For example, sup-
pose that a dictator in some South American country is setting up
APRIL - MAY 1995
"Could these guys have been that way without hypnosis?" I
asked.
"Well, they could have believed that their mission in life was
that particular assignment. They usually had no family affilia-
tions, no friends, nothing but their careers. But I don't think they'd
have forgotten about those kind of assignments. Not without a lit-
tle help, let us say."
"What was the conditioning that these guys had? Was it drugs,
hypnosis, or something else?" I wanted to know.
NEXUS • 41

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1157, "chars": 6717, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Hypnosis, electrotherapy, programming them by tapes, by
voice-over earphones, awake or in trance, or asleep. By a number
"How widespread was this mind control?" I asked.
"Well, it was—-well, that is something I can't really answer. I
know of several different groups upon whom it was used. I know
that it was used in some of the hairier areas of Korea and Vietnam,
and it was started in World War II, but it has been refined far more
since then. How much of it was used, I don't know. I know of
several groups that I was affiliated with that had it used on them."
"Would you say this kind of thing did not exist before World
War I1? I asked.
"Oh, it did. But it was not in such a sophisticated form. It's as
old as man, but now it is refined to an art. Before, it was torture
and psychological pressure-- that can accomplish a lot. We've
been trained to use it in primitive field situations. But now it's
done with the idea that the mind can be put under complete con-
trol. Just like they used to use rubber hoses at the police stations.
They don't do that anymore. Well, rubber hoses still work, but
they don't work as well as some other things which the police now
"Are you saying that the police also use mind control?" I asked.
"At the highest levels, yes. The FBI certainly uses it, and they,
of course, give a lot of help to the local
police. There are certain areas of the brain
which control your inhibitions. When they
control those centres, then the subject will go
on with his assignment regardless. -I've seen
men whose mother could be sitting there
having coffee, and if they'd been instructed
to kill her, they'd walk right in and shoot her,
and it wouldn't even upset their appetites for
supper. They were conditioned to do it in
such a way that they have no guilt. They
•-wouldn't-have guilt because after they were-
through they wouldn't even remember it.
*Let me tell you something: the cheapest
commodity in the world is human beings.
Most assassins don't need to be programmed
to kill. Theyte loyal to command. 'They're
conditioned, first by the circumstances of
their own early life, then by a little loyalty
training. The command is their only justifi-
cation for living. "It is also their only protection once they're into
it"s
"When I came out of the service and went to work for the gov-
emment, I had a colonel assigned to me as a bodyguard. When he
retired, I hired him," he said, pointing to his bodyguard. "He's still
with me, and that's why we have these..." He pointed to the .357
magnum-the most powerful handgun in the world—strapped to
his side in plain sight.
"Who're you worried about? The Russians? The Chinese?"
"Well, Ill tell you. You can damned near put a pin in the map
thirty-two different countries. So you can draw your own conclu-
sion."
"But what you've been talking about is a political action, not a
military one. How, then, as a military security man did you get
involved in political actions?"
"Well, suppose there were countries that were doing technologi-
cal research on things which could be injurious to the welfare of
the United States. I'd be one of the guys assigned to destroy those
scientists who were involved in the research. That was with
42 • NEXUS
friendly and unfriendly governments. So, naturally, if they found
out that I was in on it, even now, they'd come after me.
"In other cases I was involved in knocking off some dictators.
Then we'd change the people's voting ideas when they had to elect
someone."
I returned to the main thread of our conversation. "Okay now,
since we have this mind-control technology, what is to keep the
guys in the cryptocracy or the military, as you maintain, from pro-
gramming Presidents as soon as they take office, or immediately
after they get elected?"
"I have always wondered about Nixon," he mused. "He was
very pro-military. He gave them just about everything they want-
ed in the world. But he wanted to create a monarchy with himself
as king. And, slowly but surely, he tried to take over the military
and the CIA through subordinate officers who were loyal to him
only.
"All you hear about are left-wing conspiracies to overthrow our
government. "You never hear about right-wing conspiracies.
"Well, some of these right-wing groups are far more dangerous
than the left wing. The left wing's mostly kids with dreams. The
right wing is usually retired military. They're hard. They're
trained. They've got arms. But if the right wing took over right
now, there would be just a military dictatorship, and the military
would find that its best plans were not upset
at all. I'm saying if a dictatorship took over.
Hell, we've got one right now, but it ain't
"Don't kid yourself. This
country is controlled by
the Pentagon., All the
major decisions in this
country are made by the
military, from my
observations on the
clandestine side of
things!
overt, it's subtle."
"You mean those twenty men you were
talking about?" I asked
* "Yeah...- If the people of this country actu-
ally knew that, they would say 'no, the next
time they were asked to go to Vietnam. We_
need the people behind us to fight a war, and
if they knew the true facts, who's running
things, there wouldn't-be the following we'd-
need to defend the country. That fact alone
keeps the sham of politics and 'free elections'
going."
"If that is the case, then the results would
be different?"
"Yes. If people knew they had a dictator-
ship. Have you ever heard of a factory slow-
down, a strike? Well, Russia has run up
against the problem, and so have we in supporting the foreign dic-
tators we support. The American people, like most people, have
to feel that they have some right, that they're the 'good guys'. This
is the reason we have never lost a war and have never won a
peace.
"You've got to maintain the sham of freedom, no matter what.
It wouldn't make any difference what party is in charge or whether
it was the elected government or what you call the cryptocracy
running it; from an operational sense, the government would oper-
ate as it presently is. From the point of view of people paying
taxes and defending their country, well, we found in Latin
America that people won't fight if they think that they have a dic-
tator who is just as bad as the enemy who is attacking.
"That's probably why it would be fairly easy to take over the
Soviet Union, short of nuclear war. The Soviets could probably
be convinced by psychological warfare that their govemment is
certainly a lot more evil than ours. And if we went to war with
them we could eventually win—that is, until the H-bomb started
to fail, then nobody'd be the winner."
Changing the subject, I asked, "What area of the military were
you involved in?"
APRIL - MAY 1995
-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 786, "chars": 4862, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1.
"I don't think I ought to answer that. Let's say there was a group
which first sought to solve problems politically. If that didn't
work, then there was another group which went in and tried to buy
solutions. If that failed, then my group was sent in to be damned
sure things were accomplished the way we wanted them to be."
"So you were operational, and not research at all?" I asked.
"No. I had been in the lab for a long time. The knowledge edge
I developed was very valuable in an operational sense. I was put
into the field because of this knowledge."
"You're talking about pretty sophisticated equipment, not com-
mando stuff?"
"Right. For example, I won't say the name of the country, but it
was a South American country. We had a leader that we had sup-
ported there who suddenly got the idea that he was going to go off
on his own. They tried to reason, negotiate, buy off his affections.
When all that failed, my team was sent in to correct the situation.
"We went in very quietly and left very noisily. We went in as
tourists, but the important material we brought in was the turning
point. Let's say we couldn't reason with the man anymore. We
were there about six days, and the problem disappeared. Not
many bodies, just the important ones."
The assassin was very specific telling about some of the jobs
he'd accomplished. Several included actions taken against a well-
known political figure-that, the assassin said, was the only assas-
sination he'd ever 'blown'. His rifle malfunctioned at the critical
moment when he had his target in the crosshairs of his sight.
I cannot say that I had originally believed the assassin's claims,
but after running the Psychological Stress Evaluator on all the crit-
ical portions of his interview, and finding no areas which unex-
pectedly or inexplicably produced stress, I believed that the assas-
sin was telling the truth. The newspaper office he had mentioned
was bombed when he said it was, but he could have gained know-
edge of that from newspaper reports. The target of his unsuccess
ful hit was subsequently 'taken care of in another way which did
not cost him his life.
The assassin concluded the interview with a chilling prophecy.
Jimmy Carter was then a candidate for the presidency.
"Til tell you something right now," the assassin said. "You've
got a man running for office that is expressing the same god-
damned philosophy John Kennedy had. Now he could be saying
this stuff just to get elected. Matter of fact, if you look into his
background, you find that he was a good naval officer. He had top
security clearance. He was trained by Admiral Rickover who, he
said, had a strong influence on his life. Taking this into considera-
tion, you can assume that he's a loyal member of the old boy net,
so he probably will make a good figurehead President for those in
power.
"But if he ain't an old boy and if he does believe all those things
he s been telling the voters-if he tries to implement those reforms
he's talking about, well, it's not a question of whether he's going to
be snuffed, it's only a question of when or where."
The assassin confirmed many of my own conclusions which had
been based only on research: that an invisible coup d'état had
taken place in the United States; that the CIA is only the tip of the
cryptocracy iceberg; and that ultrasonic and electrical memory
erasure was used to protect 'search-and-destroy' operators from
their own memories. I had some indication that the cryptocracy
had investigated such techniques (a 1951 CIA document had
briefly cited the need for such research), but the assassin's disclo-.
sure that the cryptocracy had developed invisible forms of sonics
and electronic stimulation of the brain for mind control sent me
back to the libraries.
By Tit -®
BIOSOURCE, Incorporated
Proudly Announces The
Second International Congress*"'.***
of Electro-Dermal Screening Health Practitioners
ICEDSHP '95
November 15-18 (Wednesday-Saturday), 1995
The Little America Hotal and Convention Center
Salt Lake City, Utah, U.S.A.
Pre-registration now in eitect =
Last year's speakers included E. Fuller Royal, MD, Dr. Jonathan Wright, MD, Dr. Julian Kenyon, MD,
Dr. Vincent Speckhart, MD, Dr. Bruce Shelton, MD, John Limehouse, DVM, Dr. Henry West, DC
and many more noted experts in the expanding field of Energy Medicine.
THIS CONFERENCE IS FOR ALL EDS/EAV DEVICE USERS.
VENDOR INQUIRIES ARE WELCOME
BIOSOURCE, Inc. conducts training and information seminars around the globe Call us for current training sched de Level| (L'S.4 & Canada) are offered af no ets za
Direct all seminar & conference inquiries to BIOSOURCE, Inc. Ph. (801) 226-1117 or FAX (801) 226-1117
BIOSOUCE, Inc. proudly manufactures the Internationally renown LISTEN System deseloped by Mr. Jim Clark, the developer of the INTERRO and other ire ELf terr
APRIL - MAY 1995
NEXUS • 43
