{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T16:05:20Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1689879, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122170-the-edge-of-reality-jacques-vallee-j-allen-hynek.pdf", "source_sha256": "bc0515fb33d9b932fb49422ed0a8e4afceba3a83448c56ec083e8d21f1dcccc2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 60, "chars": 365, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
‘hl i ih iin
1 CXO02e3

eee

a ag

A piogtess.teporton-

Unidentified Flying Objects
). Allen Hynek and.
(at am - SaCques Vallee

i

l

/
Tea
be

Pe
aay
he
ag
L) ¢ -
7
ra
a, z ee
i Ar - Mr ace So geeaemetet
co = hihad — * ™ rad = my ee,
even ee ee i
4 -
= ba a i . 43 AT SL wit snl =
er ae a ene. eee ae nee Ee i ie 7 gba eee - he we: A Loa, rm ams : caiaieedart a

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1433, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-HE EDGE OF REALITY
theatrics, as in the Boianai sightings. Or a light seems to be
examining something, moving around an object as though it
were examining it—also the trajectories are not random,
discs will hover and then take off rapidly. Upon discovery, in
the cases of humanoids, the tendency is just the opposite to
contact. The reaction seems to be to run away. These cases
do not bespeak a natural phenomenon.
The Scientists at Work
Unknown Objects in Space and in the Air,
and What Science Is Doing about Them
"I believe UFOs belong to someone else and they are from
some other civilization. "—Astronaut Gene Cernan, January 4,
1973, at a Los Angeles press conference.
"I believe UFOs, under intelligent control, have visited our
planet for thousands of years.'
"-Astronaut Gordon Cooper, July
1, 1973, at Cape Canaveral, Florida.
"Odds are that UFOs exist."-Astronaut John Young,
November 28,.
1973, at a Seattle, Washington, speaking
engagement.
—As reported in the press.
TABLE OF UFO SIGHTINGS BY ASTRONAUTS
(From a list compiled by. Mr. G. Fawcett.)
February 20, 1962 -
- John Glenn, piloting his Mercury capsule,
saw 'three objects follow him and then overtake him at varying
May 24, 1962 — Mercury VII: Scott Carpenter reported photo-
graphing firefly-like objects with a hand camera and that he had
what looked like a good shot of a saucer.
May 30, 1962 — X15 Pilot Joe Walton photographed five
disc-like objects.
63

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 539, "chars": 3707, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
64
THE EDGE OF REALITY
July 17, 1962 — X15 Pilot Robert White photographed objects
about thirty feet away from his craft while about fifty-eight miles
May 16, 1963 - Mercury IX: Gordon Cooper reported a
greenish UFO with a red tail during his fifteenth orbit. He also
reported other mysterious sightings over South America and
Australia. The object he sighted over Perth, Australia, was
caught on screens by ground tracking stations.
' October 3, 1963 — Mercury VIII: Walter Schirra reported large
glowing masses over the Indian Ocean.
March 8, 1964 — Voskhod 2: Russian cosmonauts reported
an unidentified object just as they entered the earth's
atmosphere.
¡ June 3, 1964 — Gemini IV: Jim McDivitt reported he photo-
graphed several strange objects, including a cylindrical object
with arms sticking out and an egg-shaped UFO with some sort of
exhaust.
October 12, 1964 — Voskhod 1: Three Russian cosmonauts
reported they were surrounded by a formation of swiftly moving
disc-shaped objects.
December 4,
1965
- Gemini VIII: Frank Borman and Jim
Lovell photographed twin oval-shaped UFOs with glowing un-
dersides.
Julý 18, 1966 — Gemini X: John Young and Mike Collins saw a
large, cylindrical object accompanied by two smaller, bright
objects, which Young photographed. NASĄ failed to pick them
up on screens.
September 12, 1966— Gemini XI: Richard Gordon and Charles
'Conrad reported a yellow-orange UFO about six miles from
them. It dropped down in front of them and then disappeared
when they tried to photograph it.
November 11, 1966 — Gemini XII: Jim Lovell and Edwin
Aldrin saw four UFOs linked in a row, Both spacemen said the
objects were not stars.
December 21, 1968 - Apollo VIII: Frank Borman and Jim
up.
July 16, 1969 — Apollo XI: This was the mission on which a
UFO reportedly chased the spacecraft.
The Scientists at Work
65
November 14, 1969 — Apollo XII: Astronauts Pete Conrad,
Alan Bean and Dick Gordon said a UFO accompanied them to
within 132,000 miles of the moon, preceding them all the way.
A JEALOUS PHENOMENON
The above series of observations by astronauts
was the point of departure of our third session.
HASTINGS: What about various Apollo missions and the UFOs
the astronauts saw? During Apollo 11, Neil Armstrong,
Edwin Aldrin, and Michael Collins said they observed a
UFO.
HYNEK: The astronauts? Some of the NASA movie frames that I
examined were most interesting—particularly those taken on
the Apollo Il flight,' one of the few for which NASA has not
come up with some sort of explanation. And several
astronauts have stated that they definitely saw things in
space which they could not identify. Thus-—it satisfies the
definition of UFO! Unidentified!
Dr. Franklin E. Roach, whose work covered only the
earlier sightings by astronauts—B.C.—Before Condon,
mentions those visual sightings made by astronauts in orbit
that in his judgment remained unexplained. In fact, I've
always admired how Franklin got himself off the hook by
closing his chapter in the Condon Report by saying that those
unidentified astronaut sightings remain "a challenge to the
analyst." Very neat. He didn't attempt an answer, and as for
suggesting that they might really be UFOs-well, that
apparently was a no-no.
' See, for example, NASA photo #56663402, a single frame from a movie
-sequence (R. Emenegger, UFOs, Past, Present, and Future, Ballantine). It
shows an object with some sort of structure in outline.
: An American astronomer, member of the Condon Committee, who wrote
Chapter 6 of the Report, "Visual Observations Made by Astronauts."
' Dr. Edward U. Condon, Project Director of the work, which was reported
in "Scientific Study of Unidentified Flying Objects," 1968, Bantam edition.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 674, "chars": 3987, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
66
THE EDGE OF REALITY
HASTINGS: Did they say they saw something ahead of them?
HYNEK: Yes. Apparently Neil Armstrong was asleep at the time; I
was told that the other two saw something that looked like an
open book in the great distance, but when they looked at it
lar case, it was a cylindical botograph it, in that particu-
Another related topic is the fact that people say, "Well,
if these things are real, why don't our infrared satellites, why
• don't our radar networks, why don't our sky surveys, why
don't the weather satellites and all that pick these things
1 up?" Well, of course, we don't know whether they do or not.
I certainly know that in the satellite tracking mission' we got a
, number of things that appeared on the films that were never
tracked down; they weren't part of the mission! A person
who says that the Baker-Nunn cameras never picked up
anything is just dead wrong because I know they did. I was in
charge of the project! We just didn't bother about it. It would
have been too much work to investigate some strange lights;
it would have diverted men from the job they were supposed
to do; this undoubtedly is true in the case of radar. Radars do
pick up all sorts of cockeyed things, but the military figures
they're not of interest to a particular mission, so heck with it!
I have a wealthy friend in Texas whom I thought I might
interest in this research, but his objection was that if the
UFOs were real, more people would see them at any one
time. He asked me, "Why is it such a localized thing? Why
i do two or three people here see it and lots of people around
the town in a populated area don't see it?" Well, how do we
know they don't? Lots of people don't report! I've had a
number of cases where people have said that they didn't say
anything about it because they fully expected to see it all
• Dr. Hynek was Associate Director of the Smithsonian Astrophysical
Observatory from 1956 to 1960 and headed the United States satellite optical
tracking program.
The Scientists at Work
67
phenomenon, an eclipse isn't jealous, anyone can observe it.
But a UFO is a "jealous phenomenon" in that it seems to
show itself preferentially in a particular area; a UFO seems
to be localized in both space and time.
WHY AREN'T THERE SOME PIECES?
HASTINGS: One question that comes up is, if they're around, why
aren't they leaving some physical residues? Why haven't
they dropped a few nuts and bolts?
HYNEK: Ah, that comes up time and again! Why isn't there any
hardware left behind? Surely they must crash sometimes,
surely they must.... Well, I think we should bring these
things up. Sure, these are the obvious objections. We don't
know the answer to that. Yet, there are a few cases where
actual physical remains have been reported—-but very few,
and these have never been followed through to final proof.
Not only would this require very ample funds but, well, what
would constitute "final proof"? On the other hand, if you
were a bushman in Australia, how many parts from a Boeing
747 would you be picking up? The bushman might see an
airplane fly over his territory for many many years and not
once be "fortunate" enough to be witness to an air crash.
Think of the thousands of commercial planes flying daily
over the U.S., yet years go by without a single crash.
HASTINGS: That is one of the baffling things, because we do know
that they cause physical effects: the circles on the ground,
broken branches, and so on. Why, if they cause physical
effects, don't they leave physical remains at some time or
another?
VALLEE: Accidents have been reported involving UFOs, and
material has been picked up and, has been analyzed and
apparently, was únusual.
HYNEK: Yes, but always someplace like Ubatuba, Brazil. Why
not at least Oshkosh? Or Bangor, Maine?
HASTINGS: Are any of those fairly reliable?
HYNEK: APRO' thinks that the magnesium sample from Ubatuba
* The Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, a private group with
headquarters in Tucson, Arizona.
