{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T05:11:18Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 15, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1097935, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122216-ufo-quotes-by-important-individuals.pdf", "source_sha256": "1fe35b7a559fdb74809da5cc01dbb1e064e104cb2f818bd0add810aff895a32a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 253, "chars": 1915, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE UFO PHENOMENON: OVERVIEW
Summary
*more than 40 years,
people throughout the U.s. and many
countries have reported seeing unidentified flying objects.
Cry:
a most witnesses to uros are average persons, thousands are
; the most highly skilled and experiencea of observers:
¡taiy personnel, pilots; policemen, and scientists. .'
13
*:
• Documents released by U.S. military and • c
intelligence agencies reveal that U.S. and
....
foreign military personnel have reported
close encounters with UFos--in some cases,
with" radar confirmation--and high-ranking
military officers have considered these
reports seriously.
:
The U.S.S.R.' and several Western
..
European countries have studied the UFO
phenomenon in an official capacity. The
U.S.S.R. National Academy of Sciences has
recently launched a major investigation into
the UFO phenomenon.
- *
Prominent government officials and
scientists from the U.S. and around the world
nave indicated that the UFO phenomenon is
serious and important: In the U.s., they
range from Sen. Barry Goldwater and Admiral
Roscoe Hillenkoetter (first CIA Director) to
•Dr. Margaret Mead (anthropologist) and Clyde
Tombaugh (astronomer who discovered the
planet Pluto).
i i.
Photographs and motion pictures taken of
UFOs have been closely analyzed by scientists
and photography experts, and have been
pronounced authentic.
Nationwide Gallup polls consistently
show that approximately 50% of the adult
population consider UFOs to be real.
*
U.S. military and intelligence agencies
have a checkered history of investigating the
UPO phenomenon.
The Air Force began an
intensive, and classified, investigation of
'UFO reports soon after World war II, and
continued a
public investigation of UFO
reports until 1969. Since then, documents
released under the Freedom of Information Act
reveal that military and intelligence
agencies continue to investigate UFO reports
by military personnel.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 2190, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 2 -
Discussion
I. U.S. Military Documents
over the last ten years, military and intelligence agencies
have released some 7,000 pages of UFO-related documents, as a
result of Freedom of Information Act requests by UFO Iesearchers.
These documents, many of which were formerly classified, reveal
numerous uFo sightings by U.S. and foreign military pilots, guards,
and other personnel. Some of these sightings occurred over U.s.
military bases, and
some were confirmed by Iadar. Many of these
reports were circulated to high-ranking officers and policy-makers.
These U.S. government documents provide strong evidence that
certain UFO reports merit scientific study because highly credible
observers witness UFOs. In addition, these documents suggest that
military and intelligence agencies investigate certain UFO reports.
Several U.S. military and intelligence agencies have
acknowledged having additional UFO-related documents, but have
declined to release them for national security reasons.
A. Lake Erie, Ohio--1988.
A Coast Guard document describes a sighting by Coast Guard
personnel of a UFO that dispersed smaller UFOs, and then landed on
an iced-over part of Lake Erie, east of Cleveland, on March 4, 1988:
SUBJ: Incident Report: Unidentified
Flying Objects....
1.
Unidentifiable flying objects 1/4 mile
east of CEI Power Plant.
2.
At 2035.. this station cvd a call
from la private citizen]...Iptng a large object
hovering over the lake....
The object had a
white light and was approx. 1/4 mile up....
This unit sent 2 crewmembers to investigate.
Before they arrived Ion-sitel we Icvd 2
more calls iptng that the object had apparently
dispersed 3-5 smaller flying objects that were
zipping around rather quickly.
Inese objects
had...the
ability to stop and hover in mid flight.
When Mobile 02 got Ion-sitel, they Ipta the
same
activity.
Iney watched the
: objects for
approx. I hour before rptng that the large
object was almost on the ice. They rptd that
the ice was cracking and moving abnormal amounts
as the object came closer to it. The ice was
rumbling and the object lit multi-color lights
at each end as it apparently landed....
This document is included in Attachment, IA.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 288, "chars": 2040, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
= 3 -
B. Kirtland Air Force Base, N.M.--1980.
According to an Air Force document, on August 8, 1980, four
security guards at Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico observed a
UFO land and then take off. According to the document, just before
midnight, three guards--
observed a very bright light in the sky....
light landed in the Coyote Canyon area....
one half hour later, a fourth security guard driving in the
Coyote Canyon area--
observed a bright light near the ground behind [a
secured installation]....
[Aliter driving closer,
he observed a round disk shaped object.... As he
approached the object on foot armed with a shotgun,
the object took off in a vertical direction at a
nigh rate of speed.
The guard was a former
helicopter mechanic in the U.S. Army and stated
the object he observed was not a helicopter.
This document is included in Attachment 1B.
other U.S. military documents describing other UFO sightings by
U.S. and foreign military personnel include:
Peru Air Force Base, La Joya, Peru--1980 (UFO sighted
near Peruvian Air Force Base; jet fighters
scrambled). See Attachment 1C.
*
Fort Ritchie, Maryland--1976 (several ground
personnel observe a UFO in the vicinity of Fort
Ritchie, MD). See Attachment ID.
*
Malmstrom Air Force Base, Montana--1975 (numerous
ground personnel observe UFOs during 3 consecutive
nights; radar confirms UFO sightings; jet fighters
scrambled). See Attachment IE.
C. U.S. Military Documents Withheld Due to National Sęcurity
NORAD has identified 7,000 incidents of "air traffic declared
unknown" over or near North
America since 1971. Known as the NORAD
unknown irack reporting systen, tnis system 1s Classifled secret
NORAD has declined to release information concerning the sightings
on grounds of national security. See Attachment IF.
The CIA has acknowledged having 57 UFO-related documents that
it has refused
to release, on grounds of national security.I
The
National Security Agency has acknowledged having 135 UFO-Ielated
docud neopardize he see intelligence gathering ds rati regase

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 320, "chars": 2133, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
financie
-4-
II. Eoreign Government Investigations of UrOS
Several foreign governments have studied the UFO phenomenon in
an official capacity, including the U.S.S.R. and several Western
European countries.
A U.S.S.R.
1. Soviet Military Sighting of a UFO
An office within the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency, known as
the Foreign Broadcast Information Service, recently published two
reports on numerous articles concerning the UFO phenomenon that have
appeared in leading Soviet newspapers from July, 1989 to April,
1990. (These reports are included as Attachments 2A and 2B.)
According to one of the CIA reports, Soviet military personnel
reported a sensational UFO sighting near
• Moscow on March 21, 1990.
Radar stations and aircraft assigned to the Soviet Air Defense
Forces were placed on alert, and at least one fighter plane was
scrambled to pursue the UFO.
The pilot observed the object visually
and detected it on radar. Ground personnel also observed the object
visually and detected it on radar.
All told, more than 100 visual
observations were made of the UFO.
Col. General of Aviation, Igor Maltsev, Chief of the Main Staff
of the Soviet Air Defense Forces, summarized the UFO sightings as
follows:
"According to the evidence of these
eyewitnesses, the UFO represented itself as a disk
with a diameter of 100-200 meters....
[T]he object
rotated around its axis and performed an "S-turn'
flight both in the horizontal and vertical planes.
Next, the UFO hovered above the ground and then
flew at a speed that was 2-3 times that of modern jet
fighters....
The objects flew at altitudes ranging from 1,000
The novenent of the UFO was not
accompanied by sound of any kind and was distinguish-
ed by its startling maneuverability.
It seemed
that
the UFO was completely devoid of inertia.
In other
words, they had somehow 'come to terms' with gravity.
At the present time, terrestrial machines could
hardly have any such capabilities.
The object was
observed as a 'pip' from a radar target on the
screens of aircraft radar sights and on the screens
of electronic surveillance units...."
(Paragraphing
revised for clarity.) 3

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2538, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=5-
2. Ueñes.R. scientific studies of the URO Phenomenon
The U.S.S.R. has recently established a scientific institute
affiliated with the U.S.S.R. Academy of Sciences--the All-Union
Interbranch Ufological Scientific-Coordination Center--to represent
che U.S.S.R• as a whole in research on the uro phenomenon•
An article recently published in the Soviet Military Review, an
official military publication, described the U.S.S.R. Academy of
Sciences aș concluding the following concerning UFOS:
"According to the U.S.S.R. Academy of Sciences,
some 90-95% of UFO reports
are a result of [terIes-
trial] causes.... But the remaining share consti-
tutes tens of thousands of unexplained phenomena. "5
In october, 1989, the Soviet Union opened an official center in
Moscow to study UFOs,
Engineers.
as part of the Palace of Culture and Power
Physicists, geologists, astrononers, and psychologists
teach courses concerning the characteristics of
reported and the equipment necessary to investigate to sicatings. 6
Numerous nongovernmental scientific institutes also study the
UFO phenomenon in the U.S.S.R. See pages 13-14 below.
B.
Belgium
In June, 1990, the Belgium Air Force Ieleased a report,
including radar photographs, of a 75-minute chase by two F-16
fighters of a UFO over Brussels on the night of March 30-31, 1990.
. During the chase, both planes detected the UFO on their radar; two
ground radar installations also detected it; and numerous witnesses,
including 20 national policemen, observea tne
uFo visually.
The Belgium Air Force stated:
"[on three occasions during the chase, l the
pilots managed to get their radars locked on the
object, with the immediate result that the object's
behavior drastically changed.
The object literally
played hide and seek with the fighters. It dived
toward the ground to evade the airborne and ground
radars.
Then it climbed back into radar range in a
leisurely manner, thus initiating a new chase."
See Attachment 3 for a translation of a French magazine
article, in Paris Match, describing the Belgium Air Force report and
including the radar photographs.
From October, 1989 to July, 1990, Belgium experienced a wave of
almost daily UFO sightings. Hundreds of national policemen,
military and civilian pilots, air traffic controllers, and other
competent observers reported
UFOS.
During part of this period, the
Belgium Air Force kept military aircraft on standby, equipped with
an infrared video camara, and the All force cooperated with civilian
scientists in researching the UFO sightings.'

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 318, "chars": 2159, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-6 -
C. France
Beginning in 1977, an office within the French space agency
issued a series of reports on the UFO phenomenon.
office--known as the Groupe d'Etudes Phenomenes Aerospatiaux Non
*
FIOm 1974-85, the French national police force
received approximately 480 reports of UFO sightings
that could not be explained in conventional terms.
*
GEPAN stated that "these unidentified phenomena
still escape our comprehension and our scientific
knowledge" 8
GEPAN conducted an important investigation of a report by an
eyewitness that on January 8, 1981, a small, circular UFO landed,
then almost immediately took off again, near his home in Trans en
Provence
GEPAN investigators found a circular marking on the
ground at the landing site, and evidence that the ground had been
subject to heat and pressure from an unknown source.
Most import-
antly, GEPAN investigators found that the plants at the landing site
had undergone inexplicable biochemical changes--in effect, premature
aging--that, according to one French scientist, "does not resemble
anything known to exist on our planet". The head of GEPAN concluded:
"We are in the presence of traces for which
there is no satisfactory explanation and we can find
no reason to suspect that the eyewitness is
deliberately lying.
For the first time we found a
combination of factors which leads us to accept that
something similar to what the eyewitness described
actually did happen."
See Attachment 4A for a summary of the investigation results.
D. Portugal
On January 14, 1987, a spokesman for the Government of Portugal
stated that with respect to UFOs:
"It]he position of our Government is of cautious
alert.
Pilots oi the Portugese AlI FOIce are
instructed to register details of any non-identified
objects which they night see while flying.".
The Portugese Government has made publicly
sighting reports by Portugese Air Force pilots gavailable UFO
See Attachment 4B.
E. Italy
The Italian Air Force requires pilots to report UFO sightings
on a specially prepared UFo sighting forn.
The Air Force has
released a series of reports by military pilots
and personnel
concerning uro signtings.
See Attachment 4C.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 341, "chars": 2284, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 7 -
*
III. U.S. and Foreign Government Officials
Highly placed government officials from the United States and
around the world have declared that the UFO phenomenon is serious
and important.
They include, since World war II, military and
intelligence officers of the highest rank, political leaders, and
U.S. astronauts and Soviet cosmonauts.
A.
United States
President Ronald Reagan. In the summer of 1974, while Governor
of California, he observed a
UFO while on a flight in his private
plane, near Bakersfield, California.
Mr. Reagan later told a
reporter that as the pilot prepared to follow the UFO, "it went
straight up" and disappeared.
personally researched the UFO subject.
President Jimmy Carter. In October, 1969, while Governor of
Georgia, he observed a UFO while standing outdoors
waiting to give a
speech before the local Lions Club in Leary, Georgia. He described
the sighting in a UFO report form for a UFO research organization,
which is included in Attachment 5A. After the sighting, he stated:
"I am convinced that UFOs exist because I
have seen one. "12
president Gerald R. Ford. In March, 1966, while House Minor-
ity Leader, he asked the House Armed services
Committee for hear-
ings on the
subject of UFos, as a result of numerous UFO sightings
in his district that the Air Force investigated and attempted to
explain as misinterpretations of natural causes. He stated:
"Because I think there may be substance in
some of these reports and because I believe the
American people are entitled to a more thorough
explanation than has been given them by the Air
Force to date, I am proposing [that hearings be
held]...•
I think we owe it to the people to esta-
blish credibility regarding UFOs and to produce the
greatest possible enlightenment on this subject."
Mr. Ford's request resulted in hearings by the House Armed
Services Committee (described below). 13
President Lyndon B. Johnson.
In July 1960, while Senate
MaJority Leader, he ordered the stati of the Senate Preparedness
Sen. Barry M. Goldwater, SI. Former U.S. Senator and
Republican presidential candidate. In an April, 1988 interview,
Sen. Goldwater stated:
"I used to receive a hundred calls a year
from people who wanted me to get into the Green
Room at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, because

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2154, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-8 -
that's where the Air Force stored all the
material gathered on UFOS. I once asked General
Curtis LeMay if I could get into that room, and
he just gave me holy hell. He said, 'Not only
can't you get into it but don't you ever mention
it to me again.""
In a 1975 letter, Sen. Goldwater stated:
"About ten or twelve years ago I made an
effort to find out what was in the building at
Wright Patterson Air Force Base where the [UFO]
information is stored that has been collected by
the Air Force, and I was understandably denied
this request.
It is still classified above Top
Secret."
This letter and the interview are reprinted in Attachment 5B.
Air Force Chief of Staff General Curtis eMay. In his
autobiography, Mission With LeMay (1985), he stated that although
the bulk of UFO reports could be explained as conventional or
natural_ phenomena, some could not: "There were some cases we could
not explain. Never could."
Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter. First director of the CIA
(1947-1950). In 1960 he stated:
"Unknown objects are operating under
intelligent control....It is imperative that we
learn where UFOS
purpose is...."is come from and what their
In August, 1960, Admiral Hillenkoetter called for congressional
hearings. Numerous military officers endorsed his request,
including Rear Admiral H. B, Knowles, and Rear Admiral De S. Fahrney
(former chiei of the Navy missile program) •
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff General Nathan Iwining.
In 1947, while holding the rank of Lieutenant General,
commanding
the Air Materiel Command, he was given the responsibility for
investigating UFO sightings. He concluded:
"The [UFO] phenomenon is something real and'
visionary or fictitious....
not
The reported operating characteristics...
and action which must be considered evasive when
sighted or contacted by friendly aircraft and
radar, lend belief to the possibility that some
of the objects are controlled either manually,
automatically, or renotely."
House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. On July 29,
1968, the Committee, then-named
the House Conmittee on Science and
Astronautics, held a hearing concerning UFOs. The Committee

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1868, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=9 -
received testimony from 12 prominent.
supported scientilie study of UFOs. Inscientists, ten of whor
See Attachment 5C.
House Conmittee on Armed Services. On April 5, 1966, the
Committee held open hearings on UFOs.
secretary oI
the Air Force
Harold D. BrOWn,
the Chief of the Air Force project to investigate
UFO reports--Project Blue Book--and the scientific advisor of
Project Blue Book testified.
See Attachment 5D.
Eugene Cernan. Astronaut, Commander of Apollo 17:
"I'm one of those guys who has never seen a
UFO.
But I've been asked, and I've said
publicly I thought fley were somebody else, some
otner civilization.
• Le Gordon Cooper.
Astronaut, Mercury 9., In 1978, he gave a
statement before a United Nations committee discussing
UFOs:
"I believe that these extra-terrestrial
vehicles and their crews are visiting this
planet from other planets....
Great Britain.
Lord Hill-Norton (GCB). Chief of Defence Staff, Ministry of
Defense (1971-73): Member of House of Lords. In 1987, he stated:
"The evidence that there are objects which
have been seen in our atmosphere, and even on
teria firma, that cannot be accounted for either
as man-made objects or as any physical force or
effect known to our scientists seems to me to be
overwhelming.... [A] very large number of
sightings have been
vouched for by persons whose
credentials seem to me unimpeachable. It is
striking that so many have been trained
observers, such as police officers and alIline
and attainin
many insane piloten suppored tier have in
technical means such as radar of, even more
onvincingly, by...interference with glectrical
apparatus oi one sort oi another... .
Lord Hill-Norton's
Forward is included as Attachment 5E.
House of Lords.
On January 18, 1979, a debate on UFOs took
overnment study of the uro phenomenon.
opposition, Lord Clancarty withdrew the motion without a formal
vote.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2243, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 10 -
In June 1979, Lord Clancarty formed the House of Lords Al1-
Party UFO Study Group, and some 30 Lords participated. The UFO
Study Group had monthly meetings, and invited as guest speakers
prominent uro researchers Irom arouna Tre worla. (Ine group stopper
neeting when Lord Clancarty fell i11.)?
Air Chief Marshal Lord Dowding. British Commander-in-Chief of
the Royal Air Force Fighter Command during the Battle of Britain in
1940.
He stated in 1954:
"More than 10,000 sightings have been rep-
orted, the majority of which cannot be account-
ed for by any
have been tracked on radar screens...and the
ara wed
"scientific" explanation.... They
observed speeds have been as great as 9,000
miles an hour....I am convinced that these obj-
ects do exist and that they are not manufactured
by any nation on earth. I can therefore see no
alternative to accepting the theory that they
come fron some extraterrestrial source...."23
C. France.
Defense Minister M. Robert Galley. Minister of Defense M.
Robert Galley, in an interview on February 21, 1974, stated,
concerning the 1973-74 wave of UFO sightings:
"[Ilf your listeners coula see for
thenselves the nass of [UFO] Ieports coming in
from the [Gendarmerie--the French police force
that Is under the Armed FOICeS]..., Then they
would see that it is all pretty disturbing. "24
General Lionel M. Chassin. Comanding General of the French
Air Forces; and General Ail Defense Coordinator, Allied Air Forces,
Central Europe (NATO) .
preta to a renh eo re argog death in 1970, he was
"The number of thoughtful, intelligent,
educated people in full possession of their
faculties who have "seen sonething' and
described it grows every day....
[M]ysterious
appects n te isdyed at eared and continue to
Do U.S.S.Re
col, General of Aviation Igor Maltsez. Chief of the Main Staff
of the Soviet Air Defense Forces.
In March, 1990, he issued a
statement to the Soviet press describing a UFO sighting near Noscow,
on March 21, 1990, witnessed by numerous Soviet military personnel
and detected on radar. See page 4, above..
*
Former Cosnonaut Pavel Papovitch. He is the chairman of the
Connission for the Investigation of Anomalous Atmospheric
Phenomenon, a UFO research organization founded in 1985.27
TF.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 301, "chars": 2097, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 11 -
Cosmonaut E. Ve Khrunov. In 1979 he stated:
The UFO problem exists, and it is extremely
serious.
Thousands of
people have seen uFOs....
we are going to have to make a thorough invest-
igation....
It is entirely possible that, con-
cealed behind this question, there lies the proble28°
conmunication with extraterrestrial civilizations.
Air Force Major-General Porfiri Stolyarov. He was chairman of
the UFO Section of the All-Union Connittee on Cosmonautics of the
DOSAAF (the Soviet equivalent of the U.S. Department of Defense),
which existed in 1968.29
E. Japan.
Lieutenant-General Akira Hirano. Chief of Staff of the Japan
AiI Seli-Defense Force.
In September, 1977, he stated: "we
frequently see unidentified objects in the skies. *30
General Kanshi Ishikawa.
Chief of Staff of Japan's Air Self-
Defense Force. In 1967, he stated:
"Much evidence tells us [UFOs] have been
tracked by radar; so, UFOs are real and they may
come from oute space....
UFO photographs and
various materials show scientifically that there
are more advanced,
and motherships "People piloting the saucers
F. Brazil.
Aeronautical Minister Moreira Lima.
On May 21, 1988, Brazil's
Aeronautical Minister, Brigadier General octavio Moreira Lima,
announced a sensational UFO encounter:
On May 19, 1986, Brazil's
radar defense system detected 20 UFOs
• that overflew Sao Paulo and
Rio de Janeiro.
the pilots made visual and radar contact. According to the Aeronau-
tical Minister, "fol several minutes... the [All Forcel fighters .
became surrounded by 13 UFOS.
The UFOs then disappeared. Acknowle-
dging that "Itlechnically, there is no explanation" for the events,
the Minister added, "The appearance of unidentified flying objects
already occurred before in Brazil, but never with this intensity. "32
Go
Spain.
General Carlos Castro Cavero.
Spanish Air Force General.
stated in a 1976 interview that at high levels within the Spanish
Government, UFOs were taken quite seriously. He added:
[Iln my own personal capacity, [not as a
Generall, I have for some time held the
that uFos are extraterrestrial craft. "3 View

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 306, "chars": 2133, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
- 12 -
IV. U.S, and Foreign Scientists
Many prominent scientists around the world have declared, since
World war II, that the UFO phenomenon is important and merits
scientific study.
Many scientists have themselves sighted UrOs.
For example, the following astronomers, among others, have
sighted UFOS:
Or Sere La Pes, vers orate zonal
I• LiNCOln La Paz,
walter . Webs, Boston Museum of Scientepfuto (see below, 36
Walter N. Webb,
Six HAeciation, ins, d Section g the British Astronomical
A. United States
Clyde W. Tombaugh. American astronomer who discovered the
planet Pluto.
After observing a UFO in 1949, he stated: "I was so
unprepared for such a strange sight that I was really petrified with
astonishment."
describing his sightIngachment 64 for a letter by DI. Tombaugh
DI. Margaret Mead. World-renowned anthropologist. She stated:
"There are unidentified flying objects.
That is, there are a hard core of cases --
pernaps
20 to 30 percent in different studies --
for which there is no explanation....
[Wle can only imagine what purpose lies
behind the activities of these quiet, harmlessly
cruising objects that time and again approach
the earth.
The most likely explanation, it
seems to me, is that they are simply watching
what we are up to...." (Emphasis in original.)40
House Science Committee Symposium on UFOs: See page 8 above
for a discussion of the 1968 hearing by the House Committee on
Science, Space and Technology concerning UFOS.
Dr. Peter A. Sturrock.
Professor of Space Science and
Astrophysics and Deputy Director of the Center for Space
Sciences
and Astrophysics at Stanford University; director of the Skylab
Workshop on Solar Flares (1977). He has
¿ stated:
"The definitive resolution of the UFO enigma
will not come about unless and until the problem is
subjected to open and extensive scientific study by .
the normal procedures oi estabilshed science.
Dr. Robert M. I, Baker, Jr, President of west Coast Univer-
sity; author of two astrodynamics textbooks; head of Lockheed's
Astrodynamics Research Center (1961-64); developer of orbit methods;
faculty of Astronomy and Engineering at UCLA (1959-71):

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 2548, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 13 - '"
He has studied motion pictures of UFOs and anomalistic radar
returns.
He has concluded that two UFO motion pictures, taken in
the 1950s, involved genuine UFOs.
In addition, in 1968, he testi-
fied before the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
that a partially classified U.S. military radar system, for
had a security clearance, had detected "a number of" UFOs. 4zwhich he
American Astronomical Society Survey. In a 1977 survey of
1,356 members of the American Astronomical Society, 53 percent of
the respondents stated that UFOs "certainly" or "probably" should be
studied further. 43
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics UFO
Subcommittee.
The American Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics ("AIAA") established a subcommittee in 1967 to 100k
into the UFO question.
The UFO Subconmittee issued several reports
and statements, including in-depth studies of two UFO sightings.
The Subcommittee stated:
[Firon a scientific and engineering standpoint,
it is unacceptable to simply ignore substantial
numbers of unexplained observations....IT]he only
promising approach is a continuing moderate-level
effort with emphasis on improved data collection by
objective neans....
The Subconmittee stated that its "most important conclusion" was
that government agencies consider funding UFO research. 44
Attachment 6B for a statement by the UFO Subcommittee, which was
published in Astronautics & Aeronautics, the AIAA journal.
B. The Soviet Union
The U.S. S.R. conducts the most extensive scientific
investigation of the UFO phenomenon in the world. Some of the major
scientific activities include:
U.S.S.R. Academy of Sciences.
See page 5, above, for a
discussion of the activities of the U.S.S.R. Academy of Sciences,
and other Soviet scientific activities.
In 1979,
the Institute of Space Research of the U.S.S.R.
Academy of Sciences published a 74-page statistical analysis of over
250 UFO cases reported in the Soviet union.
After stating that
hallucinations, errors, and conventional explanations (aircraft,
satellites, etc.) could not account for many of the reports, the
study called for further detailed investigation of UFO sightings.
The study concluded, "[T]he question of the
phenomena still should be considered open "fature of the anomalous
'Ine Conmission on Paranorma. Events.
Established in 1984, the
Commission is a non-governmental organization under the Council
Scientific and Engineering Societies, and is headed by V.S: Troit-
sky, a corresponding Menber oI the !.S.S.R. Academy Of Sciences.

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 223, "chars": 1626, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=
-14=
The U.S.S.R. Commission has collected thousands of UFO reports.
. It has concluded:
"[Elven when the reports carry enough
around 10% of the events cannot be
identified. It is these events, stubbornly
defying attempts to find what they actually are,
that interest UFO-[Paranorma] Event]
investigators most of all."
- A copy of a Soviet magazine article describing the work of the
Commission on Paranormal Events, is included as Attachment 6C.
Other Soviet Scientific Institutes
other U.S.S.R. scientific institutes that investigate aspects
of the UFO phenomenon include:
The Union of Scientific and Engineering Socie-
ties includes a newly established All-Union Commis-
sion for the Study of Unidentified Flying objects,
chaired by physical scientist Vladimir Azhazha. 46
The All-Union Astronomical and Geodesic Society
includes
a section assigned to the study of anomalous
phenomena, chatred 4y DI. Anatolly Listratov, a
physical scientist.
*
the Arctic and Antartle Scientific Research
Institute, In Leningrad.
The Institute of Applied Geophysics, in Obninsk. 49
The Far East Division of the U.S.S.R. Academy of
Sciences.50
Sone Soviet scientists take a skeptical view of the UFO
phenomenon, including Vladimir Vasilyevich Migulin, director of the
Terrestrial Magnetism, Ionosphere, and Radio Wave Propogation
anomatote in nomena in the haospheret jon for the investigation of
C. France
French Space Agency..
See page 6 above for a discussion of the
work of GEPAN, an office within the French Space Agency that has
investigated UFO sightings.
D. Peoples Republic of China
"Exploration of UFO" and "Space Exploration".

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2297, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 15 -
Chairman of the Chinese Society, Professor Liang Renglin of
Guangzhou Jinan University; has reported that over 600 UFO reports
1980-1985, including well-documented sightings by
mILItary PILots.
E. Other World Famous Scientists
DI. Carl Gustav Jung. World-renowned Swiss psychologist. He
was a consultant to a U.s. UFO Iesearch group.
He stated:
1
"A purely psychological explanation is
ruled out by the fact that a large number of
observations indicate a natural one, even a
physical one....
[T]he 'discs'...do not behave
in accordance with physical laws but as though
DI: Hermann Oberth.
German rocket expert.
In 1955, DI.
Wernher von Braun invited hin to the U.S. where he worked on rockets
with the Army Ballistic Missile Agency and later NASA. He was
Honorable Chairman of a German UFO research group. He described his
view of UFO propulsion as follows:
"They produce high-tension electric charges in
order to push the air out of their path...and strong
magnetic fields to influence the ionised air at
higher altitudes....
This would explain their
luminosity...[, noiseless] flight... I, and] the
strong electrical and magnetic effects
sometimes, but
not always, observed in the vicinity of UFOs."54
DI. Paul Santorini. Greek physicist and
engineer who developed
fuses for atomic weapons and a guidance system for the NIKE missile.
He has stated:
"The UFOs are certainly a reality. Many of the
observations are certainly conclusive."
In 1947, he investigated a series of lio reports over Greece
that were initially thought to be
• Soviet nissiles.
He stated:
"We soon established that they were not
missiles. But, before we could do any more, the
Army, after conferring with foreign officials,
ordered the investigation stopped. Foreign
scientists flew to Greece for secret talks with me."
" He added that a "world blanket of secrecy" surrounded the UFO issue
because the authorities were unwilling to admit the existence of a
force against which there is "no possibility of defense" 55
F. Skeptical Scientists: Condon Report. See Attachment 10.
for a summary of the 1968 project under the auspices
of the
University of Colorado to study the UFO phenomenon, in which Dr.
Edward U. Condon, a prominent physicist, concluded that the UFO
phenomenon did not merit further scientific study.
