{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T10:32:31Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1332419, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122249-us-navy-s-admiral-fallon-linked-to-ufo-et-disclosure.pdf", "source_sha256": "2eceab660f3f5367480307f4011d578a75561b67df3fe0edea9bf7d0880fc127"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 530, "chars": 3325, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 2
Subj:
Date:
From:
To:
US Navy's Admiral Fallon Linked To UFO/ET Disclosure
3/18/2008 11:32:48 AM Eastern Daylight Time
File
Received from Internet: click here for more information
tiscosme.
US Navy's Admiral Fallon Linked To UFO/ET Disclosure
By Ed Komarek
3/17/08
Copy and Distribute Freely
My blog:
"Behind the scenes, high-ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about UFOs. But through
official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying objects are nonsense."
Admiral Roscoe Henry Hillenkoetter (May 8, 1897 - June 18, 1982) First Director of the CIA, in a letter
to Congress-1960.
There have been many recent developments in the area of UFO/ET disclosure. One of several sources
that leaked information to the public on a secret UN UFO meeting has shown impressive credentials to
UFO/ET investigators. When the information was first leaked one researcher Robert Morningstar was
only allowed to state that this individual worked under an admiral at the Pentagon. While the furor over
the UN meeting has been going on in America, France and around the world Brazilian Air Force generals
are now pushing UFO disclosure openly in Brazil according to UFO investigator and UFO Magazine
editor A. J. Gevaerd.
These are exciting times to be in the UFO/ET field. The best place for the public and the military to
monitor rapid developments having to do with the UN meeting is on the Open Minds Discussion Board.
Many uninformed critics from around the world of this UFO meeting have begun to fall upon their own
swords and there is no way that I can recount in this article all the twists and turns taking place right
under the noses of the brainwashed mainstream media. The thread at OM relating to the UN meeting
follows:
http://lucianarchy.proboards21.com/index.cgi?board=futuretalk&action=display&thread=1203011953
Let me begin with the apparent U.S. Navy push for UFO/ET disclosure and I will follow with the
Brazilian public initiative. Robert Morningstar said: "I can only speak for myself (specifically regarding
the first meeting) and I reaffirm that I have met 3 times with a distinguished US Military officer, pilot and
diplomat, to discuss this topic and that the credentials presented to me are legitimate."
"I can now tell you, and this should be of some consideration, that as I stated this was a US Navy
initiative. From the first, my source made it clear to me that Admiral Fallon was his mentor and has
given tact approval behind the scenes to advance the cause of UFO disclosure. In my view, a smear
campaign against him conducted (by his opponents) in Esquire Magazine can be viewed as desperate
"damage control" on the part of the "US UFO 'Secret'-ariat". This honorable officer has now resigned."
In another message Robert has the following to say; "Our source found the UN members (and their
military reps in Europe) to be entrenched in denial, resistant and recalcitrant against to the new US
proposal."
"Perhaps, the real purpose behind the leaking of the information on the part of my government (and that is
precisely what our account is, a "US Government" leak) may be designed/intended to bring strong public
pressure to bear on those United Nations representatives (and our own) who have demonstrated
Tuesday, March 18, 2008 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 529, "chars": 3216, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 2
themselves "half willing" or "unwilling" to proceed with the initiation of a process that the United States
requests."
It appears to me that the US wants us to FORCE the UN to rethink their policy and to cooperate with the
US plan, beginning with a proposed timetable for UFO Disclosure by 2013." Robert Morningstar is
co-editor of UFO Digest. http://www.ufodigest.com/
In regards to the Brazilian initiative I here quote from a report by A.J. Gevaerd. '"All UFO secrets must
be disclosed." So says Brazilian Air Force Brigadier Jose Carlos Pereira, one of the most distinguished
military officers in Brazil, who gave Brazilian UFO Magazine an exclusive interview last Saturday,
March 8th 2008."
"Brigadier Pereira admitted that he is a supporter of our campaign UFOs: Freedom of Information Now,
and said that "it is time to end all secrets about UFOs in Brazil and everywhere."''
"Brigadier Pereira has an impressive military record. He flew all sorts of aircraft all over the world for 40
years and was a top authority in the Brazilian Air Force during the last two decades. Recently he served
as General Commander of Comdabra, The Brazilian Airspace Defense Command and then President of
Infraero - Brazilian Airports Infrastructure Company. He has a direct line with the president Lula da
Silva. Brigadier Pereira was once considered the man who had the key to the safe the UFO secrets were
kept in."
Brigadier Jose Carlos Pereira states; "All secrets must be disclosed. There is no reason at all to keep them
away from the citizen, in the military installations. It seems that the phenomena don't represent any kind
of threat to national security nor a danger to aviation. - So that the population may learn what they
contain, especially UFO researchers. There is a favorable environment in Brazil's military community in
that this matter would be treated openly. I will do my part, assuring my support to the UFO researchers'
movement that requests government freedom of information."
Okay you US Navy guys maybe its time for the US military to come out of the closet and bring Admiral
Fallon up to the plate to openly support UFO disclosure as have the Brazilian military brass. Thanks for
letting us know you are watching. © The following was related as confirmation of this by Robert
Morningstar.
"A couple of weeks ago, I asked our contact to try to find a way to give us some indication of official
recognition, a sign of tact approval from the Pentagon. It seems to have come in a subtle way yesterday,
when one of my research associates found a reference to "Is the U.S Navy Pushing for UFO Disclosure"
listed on the JCS News website (Joint Chiefs of Staff News). When we went to the page, the article was
not immediately obvious."
"So, I typed in "U.S. Navy Pushing for UFO Disclosure" in their search engine. Another JCS News page
came up with a direct link to their reposting of Ed Komarek's article of the same name on JCS News.
This article quote some of my comments on the nature of the problem faced by the JCS in reversing 60
years of UFO denial in the short time left to do so. I am very pleased by this sign of support from "on
high."
Tuesday, March 18, 2008 CompuServe: DrSGreer
