{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T07:15:27Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1201313, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122220-skywatch-the-encounters-report-ufo-sightings-by-astronauts-may-june-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "9736d15c84f594085bc57f45094569ea17ac5373d7c5e56e845f66d231895764"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 612, "chars": 3677, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
copy,, singerian
SKY
YWATCH NO
The Encounters Report ok
May/June 1996-Volume Three, Number Two-53 USA, $4 Canada
SKYWATCH is a bi-monthly collective work of the United States UFO Information and Research Center
FOREWORD
By Stacey A. McGee
Founder and National Director
UNITED STATES UFO INFORMATON
AND RESEARCH CENTER
Hello everyone! Inside this edition of Skywatch:
The Encounters Report you'll find "Ten Things You Should
Do if You Encounter a UFO, by Michael G. Curta, Quotes
from American Astronauts found on the Internet, and several
new local area and regional sighting reports as well as some
close encounter stories given to us to be released here by
the contactees for the first time ever in print. We sincerely
hope that every issue of Skywatch will be better and better in
providing each of you with the
latest information and
developments in the realm of the UFO phanomenon.
Current Events include a recent front page article
about the center and our tuture plans and goals, new UFO
paraphenalia offerred from vendors through the Center, and
an upcoming article to be circulated from coast to coast ir
the National Associated Press News and will qo to every
major news publishing and broadcasting company in the
United States.
It will feature our Research Center and its
mission and some local encounters as well as information
about our upcoming EXPO.
We need everyone to send in there registration
forms and fees as soon as possible for the conference. I am
extending the $10 discount to anyone who writes, or calls the
Center with there registration before June 15,
1996.
So
HURRY, you don't want to miss out on this exciting event.
For more information, please see the back page of this
newsletter.
Ten Things You Should Do if You
Encounter a UFO
By Michael G. Curta
Every year over 70,000 reports of UFO
sightings come into UFO Research Organizations
around the world. While it is true that 9 out of
eople
Helping
People
10 sightings are explainabie (possibly more), it
is also true that only 1 in 10 is ever reported
and each year the number of reports increase.
Is this because there are more sightings? Is it
because more people are
willing to
come
forward and report their sightings to researchers?
Or could it simply be that in the past witnesses
did not know where to report sightings.
What
ever the case may be and you could make a case
for all 3, the fact still remains that the number
of reports are going up at an incredible rate.
There are
far
more reports
than
investigators and that is where the witnesses
help the investigator.
Think of
sighting like a crime! Though the only crime
being
committed is the one our government
commits
unwillingness
openly
investigate such sightings. I say think of it as a
crime because you never know what is going to
happen and you need to remember exact details
of the event for recall at a later time.
information that follows is designed to help you
to help investigators:
1.
Remain Calm! Protect yourself from hazards
real or perceived.
Be prepared to take evasive (but not
aggressive) action to get out of its way.
Remember you
might be witnessing the event of a life time and will want to
remember every detail and you can't do that if you are
hysterical.
2. Be objective. Not every UFO is extraterrestrial,
eliminate every other possibility (within your means) first.
Only after that-should you consider the possibility that what
you saw might be a true UFO.
3. Use a camcorder or camera to record the avent.
Try to keep reference points in the field of view, as this will
aid researchers in analyzing the film. If you do not have a
camera or camcorder then draw pictures of what you saw
to Find
the Truth

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1096, "chars": 6770, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May/June 1996
W
you have a tape recorder, record
description of the event as it happens.
Include reference
points on this tape also. For example..."I am about 10 yards
from the big oak tree and the craft is 30 yards beyond that".
If you don't have a tape recorder
write down your
observations right after the event.
If other winesses are present ask them to also
write or record their observations but do NOT discuss the
event with them (at least until after your observations have
been recored) as investigators want to know what you saw
not what your the row.
behind do not disturb the area around it and restrict access
to the site (its not a crime any more, its now a crime scene).
Photograph the area around the site before you enter the
area and make notes of the exact position of every thing!
Take close up photos or video tape of the evidence before
touching it. Remember you don't know what your touching,
it came from, or what type of hazards might be
associated with it!
If the sighting is from a distance, at an arms
length, what would
it take to cover up the object?
quarter? A penny? A dime? An asprin?
Or would it take
something bigger? A golt ball? A baseball, or a tennis bail?
Try to judge the distance from you to the object.
the object's altitude, and its speed.
Was it across the street
or was it over the next field?
Was it tree top level or was it
a few hundred feet up? Did it cross the sky in 5 seconds or
Should you
extraterrestrial being associated with the craft be prepared
to take evasive action to protect yourself. From a safe
distance, in a concealed position photograph or video tape
If you are unable to safely get photos of the
and write down a description as soon as it is
safe to do so.
report the event to a UFO
research organization.
There are several such organizations
The United States UFO Information and
Research Center is the third largest networking operation in
the world an it is still growing.
They currently have over
2,300 members worldwide and represent 50 states and 18
You can report your sighting or encounter
with alien beings confidentially to the Center by
calling their 24 hour Sightings and Information
Hotline: (423) 743-2100, or fax to (423) 743-
2115
UFO Sightings By Astronauts
Major Gordon Cooper
One of the original Mercury Astronauts and the last
American to fly in space alone.
On May 15, 1963 he shot
into space in a Mercury capsule for a 22 orbit journey around
During the final orbit, Major Gordon Cooper told
the tracking station at Muchea (near Perth, Australia) that he
could see a glowing, greenish object ahead of him quickly
approaching
his capsule.
The UFO was real and solid,
because it was picked up by Muchea's tracking radar.
Broadcast Company, which was covering the flight step by
step; but when Cooper landed, reporters were told that the!
vould not be allowed to question him about the UFC
sighting.
years earlier, in 1951 he had sighted a UFO while piloting an
--86 Sabrejet over Western Germany. They were metallic
saucer-shaped discs at considerable altitude and could out
maneuver all American fighter planes.
Major Cooper also testified before the United
Nations:
Seue - l
- you dont have these
housht youd wan
T
Woo the
Co
kite
Page Twe
*I believe that these extraterrestrial vehicles
their crews are visiting this planet from other planets... Most
astronauts were reluctant to discuss UFOs."
*I did have occasion in 1951 to have two days of
observation of many flights of them, of different sizes, flying
fighter formation, generally from east to west over
Europe."
And
accoreing+f
a taped interview by J.L.
errando, Major Cooper said
*For many years 1 have lived with a secret, in a
secrecy imposed on all specialists in astronautics. I can now
reveal that every day in the USA, our radar instruments
capture objects of form and composition unknown to us. And
there are thousands of witness reports and a quantity of
documents to prove this, but nobody wants to make them
public.
"Why? Because authority is afraid that people may
think of God knows what kind of horrible invaders.
So the
password still is: We have to avoid panic by all means.
*1 was furthermore a witness to an extraordinary
phenomenon, here on this planet. It happened a few months
ago in Florida.
There I saw with my own eyes a defined
area of ground being consumed by flames,
indentions left by a flying object which had descended in the
middle of a field. Beings had left the craft (there were other
They seemed to have studied
topography, they had collected soil samples and, eventually.
they returned to where they had come from, disappearing at
enormous speed... happen to know that authority did just
about everything to keep this incident from the press and TV,
in fear of a panicky reaction from the public."
Ed White and James McDixitt
In June 1965, astronauts Ed White (first American
to walk in space) and James McDivitt were passing over
Hawaii in a Gemini spacecraft when they saw a weird-
looking metallic object.
The UFO had long arms sticking out
of it.
McDivitt took pictures with a cine-camera. Those
pictures have never been released.
James Lovell and Frank Borman
In December 1965, Gemini astronauts James Lovell
and Frank Borman also saw a UFO during the second orbit
of their record-breaking 14 day flight. Borman reported that
he saw an unidentified spacecraft some distance from their
capsule. Gemini Control, at Cape Kennedy told him that he
was seeing the final stage of their own Titan Booster rocket.
Borman confirmed that he could see the booster rocket all
but that he could also see something completely
During James Loveil's flight on Gemini 7: (Lovell in
CAPS and capcom in lower case.)
"BOGEY AT 10 O'CLOCK HIGH."
*This is Houston. Say again 7.:
"SAID WE HAVE A BOGEY AT 10 O'CLOCK
HIGH."
"Gemini 7, is that the booster or is that an actual
sighting?"
"WE HAVE SEVERAL...ACTUAL SIGHTING."
...Estimated distance or size?
"WE ALSO HAVE THE BOOSTER IN SIGHT..."
Neil Armstrong & Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin
According to NASA astronaut Neil Armstrong
aliens have a base on the Moon and told us in no uncertain
terms to get of and stay off the Moon.
According to hitherto un-confirmed reports, both
Neil Armstrong and Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin saw UFOs shorly
after that historic landing on the Moon in Apollo 11 on July
21, 1969. I remember nearing one of the astronauts refer to
a "light" in or on a crater during the television transmission,
followed by a request from mission control for further
information. Nothing more was heard.
According to former NASA employee Otto Binder,
unnamed radio hams with their own VHF receiving facilities
that bypassed NASA's broadcasting outlets picked up the
following exchange:
NASA-"What's there?'
...mission control calling Apollo 11..."
Crow. -

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1020, "chars": 6407, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May/June 1996
8
K
* 34
Apollo
11-"These
Enormous!...OH MY
GOD!
"babies"
huge,
You wouldn't beliave it! I'm:
telling you there are other spacecraft out there, lined up on
the far
of the crater
They're
on tha Moon.
watching us!"
certain
anonymous,
was
engaged
praged in who
wished to remain
a discussion
with Nell.
Armstrong during a NASA symposium.
Their conversation
went like this:
"What REALLY happened out there with Apollo 11?"
Armstrong-"It was incredible,
of course we had
always known there was a possibility, the fact is, we were.
warned off! (by the aliens).
There was never any question ;
then of a space station or a moon city.
"How do you mean "warned off"?"
Armstrong-"I can't go into details, except to say 1hat
their ships
far superior
in size and
technology-Boy, were they big....and menacing. No, there is.
no question of a space station.
"But NASA had other misions after Apollo 11?
Armstrong-"Naturally-NASA was committed at that
time, and couldn't risk panic on Earth. But it really was ar
quick scoop and back again."
According to a Dr. Vladimir Azhazha:
that tig large, mysterious objects vera Mission
Control that two large, mysterious objects were watching
them after having landed near the moon mosule.
message was never heard by the public-because NASA
censored it."
Accoring to Dr. Aleksandr Kasantsev, Buzz Aldrin?
took color movie films of the UFOs from inside the module,
and continued filming them after he and Armstrong went
outside.
Armstrong confirmed that the story was true buts
refused to go into further detail, beyond admitting that the
SCIA was behind the coverup:,
→ Donald Sayof
Donald Slayton, a Mercury astronaut, revealed in an
interview he had seen UFOs in 1951:
*I was testing a P-51 fighter in Minneapolis when I
spotted this object. I was at about 10,000 feet on a nice,
bright, sunny afternoon.
I thought the object
then i realized that no kite is gonna fly that high-Mas a kite,
"As I got closer it looked like a weather balioon,
gray and about three feet in diameter.
But as soon as i got
behind the darn thing it didn't look like a balloon anymore. It
looked like a saucer, a disk."
"About that same time, I realized that it was
suddenly going away from mo-and there I was, running at
about 300 miles per hour.
I tracked it for a little way, and
then all of a sudden the damn thing just took off. It pulled
about a 45°
climbing turn and accelerated and just flat
disappeared."
> Major Robert White i*
1962 Major Robert White reported a
_UFO during his fifty-eight mile high flight of an X-15:
"I have no idea what it could be. It was grayish in
color and about thirty to forty feet away."
Then according to a Time Magazine article, Major
White exclaimed over the radio:
"There ABE things out there! Thare absolutely ist"
NASA Plot JOsephAn Laker,
* t On May 11. 1962 NASAlot Joseph Wälker said,
that one at hisstasks was to detect Dos duringns are!
"He had filmed five or six UFOs during his record
breaking fifty-mila-nigh flight in april 1082
second time he haditilmad UFOS malight During a Jecture
at the second national conference on tha poabafufuses: of
space cosearchan seattle, washington ne said one
"I don't foel like spaculating about them. All knor
is what appeared on the film whict was darn oped.aitar ine
" To date none of those films, bare been released to
the public to tiewings-
Comander Eugene Carrian * *
Eugene Cernan was commander of Apollo 17. In a
W
A
Page Three
Los Angeles Times article in 1973 he said, about UFOs:
...I've been
asked (about UFOs) and I're said
publicly! thought they (UFOs) were somebody else, some
other civilization.
NASA'S Maurice Chatelainds
I in 1979 Maurice Chateläin, former chief of NASA
Communications Systems confirmed that Armstrong had
indeed reported seeing two UFOs on the rim of a crater.
Chatelain believes that some UFOs may come from our own
solar system--specifically Titan.
"The encounter was common knowledge in NASA,"
but nobody has taiked about it until now."
...all Apollo and Gemini flights were followed, both,
at a distance and sometimes also quite closely, by space
vahicles of extraterrestrial origin-flying saucers, or UFOs, if
you want to call them by that name.
the astronauts informed Mission Control, who then ordered
absolute silence."
the first of the astronauts to use the code name
"It the astronates o use al code cam as
Claus' to indicate the presence of fiying saucers next to
space capsules. However, this announcaments were barely
noticed by the general public.
It was a little different when
James Lovell on baara the Apolio 8 commano module came
out from behind the moon and said for everybody to hear:
•PLEASE BE INFORMED THAT THERE IS A SANTA
CLAUS.' Even though this happened on Christmas Day
1968,
words, many people sensed a hidden meaning in those
The rumors persist. NASA may well be a civilian
agency, but many of its programs are funded by the detense
budget and most of the astronauts are subject to military
security regulations. Apart from the fact that the National
Security Agency screens all films and probably radio
communications as well. We have the statements by Otto
Binder, Dr. Garry Henderson and Maurice Chatelain that the
astronauts were under strict orders not to discuss their
sightings and Gordon Cooper has testified to a United
Nations committee that one of the astronauts actually
witnessed a UFO on the ground. If there is no secrecy, why
has this sighting not been made public?
"NASA's Scott Carpanter + Wi
"At no time when the astronauts were in space were
thay alone: There was a constant surveillance by UFOs."
Great Mysteries: UFOS
Robert Jackson / Above Tep Secret by Timothy
Good / The Ure Encyclopedia by John Spencer
/ Genesis Revisited by Zacharia Setchin.
Upcoming Network Events
Tou are Invited
Saturday, May 11-is the date that our
May Skywatch
fallen
Those
interested in aitending are encourage to meet us
under the Wal-Mart sign in
Greeneville,
Tennessee at 8 PM just off of highway 11-E,
which is the by-pass going through Greeneville.
The Wal-Mart is located on the North side of
Greeneville on
the
By-Pass.
Everyone
is
invited. Come and join us for a wonderful time
under the night sky looking for UFOs.
Sunday,
May 19-There
will
be an
international on-line conference with the United
States UFO Information and Research Center
and it's upcoming Int'l Symposium as the topics
of discussion at 7 PM on Compuserve. For

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 226, "chars": 1465, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Premist
Great Smoky Mountains
UFO, Crop Circle and Alien Contact:
EXPO
an International Symposium
to be held in famous Gatlinburg, Tennessee-
Gateway, to the Smokies- Saturday, August 10, 1996
There will be talks and workshops by well known speakers and authors. Passes to EXPO workshops, EXPO T-
Shirts, regional newsletters, and many UFO books, videos and audio tapes will bo on displey and available to purchase.
EXPO will be presented at the Gatlining Convention Centar from 9 All to 9 PM. Our confirmed, honored speakers include Mike
Rogers and Travis Walton author of Fire in the Skie The Walton Experienca, Dr. John Hunter Gray from the Department ol
Indian Studies at the University of North Dakota,
Peter Geremia of Now Hampshire Mutual UFO Network, and Michelle LaVigne,
aditor of Contact Forum publishad by Wild Flower Press and author of Ihe Alien Abduction Surial Guida, with special tributa t
Mrs. Betty Hill, retired UFO and abduction researcher
This will be the third annual conferance and the first international symposium sponsored by the UNITEL
STATES UFO INFORMATION AND RESEARCH CENTER in Johnson City, Tennesses. Tickets are $35 per parson if purchaser
before June 15, 1996, or S15 per person thareaftar. No tickets will be sold at the door. ADVANCE TICKETS ARE A MUSTI
CaNe
United States UFO Information
and Research Center
P.O. Box 3005 CRS, Johnson City, TN 37602
First Class Mail
, tr
i please renewo
140
That it i
THE
TRUTH
1S
OUT
THERE,
