{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T23:28:25Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 875990, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122242-email-from-dr-steven-greer-reinterview-with-col-ariel-sanchez-2-8-12.pdf", "source_sha256": "ea944551e398814c1ed966be8a95c45ccc38a63059f9b1cae2865721cdefced5"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 174, "chars": 1199, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Steve Greer <s
m>
Wednesdav. February 08, 2012 2:01 AM
Fwd. Uruguayan Air Force openly researches UfOs for more than three decades
p and s for Documentary file/witnesses!
On Wed, Feb 8, 2012 at 12:54 AM,
•> wrote:
This is an interesting transcript of an interview of a Colonel in the Uruguayan Air Force that discusses that they have a UFO research office within their Air Force.
- from A. J. Gevaerd, editor of the Brazilian UFO Magazine
-- Original Message ---
Subject:Uruguayan Air Force openly researches UFOs for more than three decades
Date:Mon, 6 Feb 2012 15:41:09 +0000
From:Brazilian UFO Magazine <
Reply
Interview with Colonel Ariel Sanchez, chairman of the Commission for the Reception and Investigation
of UFO Reports (Cridovni)
"One of the smallest countries in South America, Uruguay is also the place where the military are more open-
ninded towards the UFO Phenomenon. UFO occurrences are investigated by the Uruguayan Air Force (FAU) as
part of their routine activities. This interview was published in two parts in the Brazilian UFO Magazine
editions 185 and 186, February and March 2012".
By A. J. Gevaerd,
Editor, Brazilian UFO Magazine
www.ufo.com.br
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 517, "chars": 3289, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Introduction
Few people know that a small country in South America has an official office for flying saucer research
as part of its Air Force. The office is continuously operating since 1979 when it was established by the
president of the Republic himself. That's right: it has been more than three decades since the
Committee for the Reception and Investigation of UFO Reports (Cridovni) operates in Uruguay. Only
three other similar institutions are known in the continent. These are the Center for the Study of
Anomalous Aerial Phenomena (CEFAA), established in Chile in 1997 and working within the country's
General Civil Aviation Office; the Office for the Investigation of Anomalous Aerial Phenomena (OIFAA),
in the Peruvian Air Force (FAP); and an Argentine committee created last year but still under
development.
All of the examples above are generally ignored by the worldwide UFO community. Those nations
have official bodies openiy exploring the possible extraterrestrial origin of UFOs. The same has
happened in Brazil in the 50s and the 60s, and something similar in the 70s. To uncover these
initiatives and to try to make Brazilian authorities engage again in official investigations of the UFO
Phenomena was some of the purposes of the campaign "UFOs: Freedom of Information Now"
released in 2004 by the Brazilian Committee of UFO Researchers (CBU). Its goals were the
declassification of official UFO files — already achieved — as well as establishing an official body for
UFO investigation in the country. Although Brazil had openly acknowledged the issue and released
documents dated from 1950 to 2010, the country still misses an institution like Cridovni, CEFAA or
OIFAA. In fact, it was promised back in May 2005 by Brigadier Luis Carlos da Silva Bueno, former
Brazilian Air Force (FAB) commander. We still wait for the fulfillment of that promise.
A skillful researcher
In 2010 1 was in Montevideo to make a presentation on the Brazilian process of UFO disclosure. I took
that opportunity to better understand the work of an official UFO research institution, since they
include civilians in their ranks. That time I interviewed the chair of Cridovni, a FAU officer who is also
an ufologist and a gifted speaker. He was many times in Brazil presenting the works of the body he
runs — yes, he is also a common presence in international conferences.
The opportunity of interviewing Coronel Ariel Sanchez at the headquarters of his Committee at the
Boiso Lanza Air Base, 30km from Montevideo, was a great one. We had a long talk just like the ones !
had with other military in Brazil and abroad, a kind of talk which is significant to increase transparency
on UFO issues. The interview was actually a three-hour friendly chat followed by a lunch in the air
base and a tour around its facilities. "We keep no secrets and it is a pleasure to show UFO Magazine
everything we do", said Sanchez on the way to his country's air traffic control center - also located at
Boiso Lanza.
Ariel Sanchez has been international correspondent of the Brazilian UFO Magazine for over a decade
and holds a reputable background in UFO experiences. His post as the chair of the Uruguayan
Committee makes him a unique person. "Our files contain any kind of UFO cases you would see in the
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 506, "chars": 3294, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
.-
X-Files",
, he says. It is very much true as you will see below. He and his team - including Lt. Daniel
Silveira, also a consultant to UFO Magazine —, are like Mulders and Scullys, as thorough researchers
as those could be.
Professional ufologists
It was interesting seeing how Cridovni works. Its members are professional ufologists, since they are
paid by FAU. in fact, they are regular Air Force staff dedicating part of their time to UFO research and
standing by for any call. When reported any occurrence they go after it in uniforms and official
vehicles. They interview witnesses, collect samples, gather data, and then start a thorough
investigation following strict methodological standards. Uruguay is a model to be reproduced by
every country in her continent.
Another good example to be taken is their i International Congress on Investigation of Aerospace and
Terrestrial Phenomena, organized by Cridovni, in Montevideo, in November 2010. That was the first
Ufological event in the world known to be supported by a military branch — the Air Force in this case.
The audience was filled with military garments. There is yet another thing: in order to extend the
outreach with-in its little country, Cridovni established a civilian section — the Regional Center for
Investigation of Aero-space and Terrestrial Phenomena (Crifat) is operating for 10 years now. "We still
got no answers regarding the UFO phenomenon, what these vehicies and their origin are, but we
keep on researching with the utmost disposition"
', says Sanchez before adding, "As men at the service
of Uruguay we must be impartial. We don't encourage or discourage any particular point of view"
An open mind towards new ideas
Regarding the Congress held in Montevideo, Coronel Ariel Sanchez says "I wanted it to be as open as
possible". The event attracted big names of South-American Ufology. Although Cridovni adopts a
scientific approach towards the UFO phenomenon, its members keep an open mind and agree to
discuss Ufology with representatives of many other lines of interpretation. Sanchez confirms they
have received over 2200 re-ports so far including photos and videos that reach the office every day
through letters, e-mails and phone calls. "However, we still haven't found any evidence of direct
contacts with ETs".
Also an air traffic controller, Sanchez narrates intriguing cases in his country. Some of which involve
military and civilian aircraft in events that endangered flight security. "We had to report the facts
immediately to the Air Force commander who contacted the Defense minister who, in turn, contacted
the President", he says regarding a case involving a Lufthansa aircraft in 2007. Coronel Sanchez
reveals that Cridovni works in partnership with civilian research groups and official institutions in
other countries. in summary, he tells of how an official UFO research institution should be - just in
case other military abroad need an example. Below we share his interview.
Uruguay has a unique approach towards UFO research by officially responding to occurrences as soon
as possible and applying a military methodology to it. We could call you the real "X-Files"
'. Tell us,
Coronel Sanchez, how does it feel to be an "official ufologist"
, a person to whom Ufology is also a
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 155, "chars": 962, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
military mission? Despite the responsibilities as representatives of the Uruguayan Air Force (FAU) we
have a normal life. We are the State of Uruguay when issuing reports on our findings. The Committee
must adopt a certain approach towards witnesses and media. Most of all, we must be impartial and
objective when handling the UFO issue. This is meant to not encourage or discourage investigations.
Also, we release information collected in the field in the most serious manner. As representatives of
FAU we should not rush into conclusive reports when more investigation is needed. We must be
unbiased in our work and this is not meant to withhold information. Instead, this is in order to better
inform the people as they deserve our respect.
The full length interview is here to be downloaded:
www.ufo.com.br/public/sanchez/
© A. J. Gevaerd, editor of the Brazilian UFO Magazine Translated by Eduardo Rado, from the Brazilian UFO
Magazine All rights reserved
