{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T16:37:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1709935, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122205-i-lost-it-in-the-saucer-article-j-wolcott-new-yorker-july-1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "4e9283b6fe256509740ce47076c792bf734f564817c78f864637ceadc0bd44ba"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 663, "chars": 4328, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
75
BOOKS
Like the character in Evelyn Waugh's
"Put Out More Flags" who couldn't
venture anywhere without hearing re-
ports of the poets Parsnip and Pim-
pernell, I kept bumping into the same
name. Every source I consulted inevita-
I LOST IT IN THE SAUCER
Strange but true: Ph.D.s get serious about U.F.O.s.
BY JAMES WOLCOTT
bly said, "Do you know C. D. B. Bryan?
He's writing a book about all this." I
abandoned the piece I was writing, but
Bryan persevered. His "Close Encoun-
ters of the Fourth Kind: Alien Abduc-
tion, UFOs, and the Conference at
M.I.T." (Knopf; $25), a selection of the
T
wo years ago, I opened my own
Atlantic, Karen Wesolowski, was leav-
Book-of-the-Month Club, is an unig-
X-File and began investigating
ing the magazine to work on a project
norable book, because of the standing of
a rumored upsurge in alien ab-
for the study of extraordinary phenom-
the author, the clarity of his journalism,
ductions. In the past, U.F.O.s and ex-
ena which was run by Dr. John E. Mack,
and lots of other stuff.
traterrestrial activity had remained in
a professor of psychiatry at the Harvard
Like Dr. Mack, with his Harvard
the realm of freak sightings: lighted
Medical School and the author of a
pedigree and his distinguished head of
craft executing impossible zigzags; burn
Pulitzer Prize-winning biography of hair, C. D. B. Bryan confers quality and
marks and crop circles; cattle mutilations.
T. E. Lawrence. Dr. Mack was said to class on the abductee phenomenon by
But in recent years, U.F.O. watchers
contended, alien visitors weren't just
barnstorming the night skies; they were
dropping by to help themselves to hu-
man specimens. Their vehicles were
flying research labs, their insides as
bright and shiny as a 7-Eleven. The
popularity of Whitley Strieber's 1987
best-seller, "Communion," and the tele-
film "Intruders," which was based on a
book by Budd Hopkins, inspired more
and more people to testify that, like the
characters in those works, they, too, had
been rendered inert, taken aloft, ether-
ized upon a table, and poked by aliens,
who came to be known as Small Grays.
(Often there was a Tall Gray—a man-
agerial type on board to supervise.) The
victims underwent mind scans; blood,
semen, and fetal tissue were extracted
from them by medical instruments al-
most medieval in their primitive force.
Some had monitoring devices implanted
in their sinus cavities. Many abductees-
or "experiencers," as some preferred to be
called—underwent regressive-hypnosis
therapy to recall the trauma in full Tech-
nicolor, and joined support groups.
In 1991, The Atlantic published an
article about an annual gathering of
abductees in Wyoming-an article that
hovered over their huddled figures with
an almost ghostly deference. (It was like
reading about a family reunion in Pur-
gatory.) If a pillar of sweet reason like
The Atlantic took the phenomenon se-
Y PAR
riously, I figured, surely it was worthy of
study. I was further intrigued to learn
that the special-projects director for The
C. D. B. Bryan puzzles over the new alien-abduction phenomenon:
why would anyone make this stuff up?
be to alien abduction what R. D. Laing
his establishment credentials. He tones
was to schizophrenia: the magnet, the
up what could be a tacky field of bush-
rebel visionary, the throbbing brains.
league paranoia. Bryan isn't a profes-
Through Wesolowski's assistance, I
sional booster, like Mack, Hopkins, or
interviewed Dr. Mack in his office, in
Strieber, but an honored reporter,
Cambridge; interviewed members of his
whose best-known book-"Friendly
abductee group (including one who de-
Fire," a classic account of an official
scribed cradling his space baby in his
coverup of a battlefield death in Viet-
arms, then gave me his business card);
nam and its effect on an American fam-
and acquainted myself with the books
ily—appeared in its original form in this
Dr. Mack and his associates recom-
magazine. (He has also written the
mended-not only the standard U.F.O.
official history of the National Geo-
texts but metaphysical gumbos like
graphic Society.) His starting point for
Stanislav Grof's "The Holotropic Mind"
this study was the Abduction Study
and "Beyond the Brain." I soon realized
Conference held at the Massachusetts
that mine was not a fresh incursion.
Institute of Technology in 1992. Seated

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 838, "chars": 5225, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
76
Bla
"Hey, you've still got a job and I still get my can of food every
night-what's all the whining about?"
high in the M.I.T. lecture room and
looking down at the blackboards, Bryan
is the sort of old-fashioned journalist
Tom Wolfe dubbed the Gentleman in
the Grandstand—a courtly observer
with a fixed gleam in his eye. His role
is not to judge but to maintain an in-
telligent murmur. Bryan reports and
summarizes the testimony of the experts
and experiencers, occasionally raising an
eyebrow as when a hypnotherapist
from California claims that one of her
clients who had previously tested posi-
tive for H.I.V. tested negative following
an alien exam), but generally remaining
as dryly absorbent as MacNeil/Lehrer.
A model of neutrality, he's Mr. Mildly
Inquisitive, a rational humanist ga-
lumphing from the lecture hall to the
hotel restaurant, where the conferees
have been given a group rate. The dis-
juncture between the cosmological talk
and mundane reality has its comic mo-
ments, as when a pair of abductees ex-
plain over dinner the composition of the
alien space council, presided over by a
being named Zar-only to have the wait-
ress interrupt, "Who's got the haddock?"
As the conference proceeds, the
documentary screen of Bryan's attention
begins to dissolve into a more personal
reception: he picks up a tingle of oth-
erworldly possibility. It isn't the official
speakers at the conference who excite
him-historians and researchers with
their anthropological head counts of
how many types of humanoids there
are. (Lurking among the Small and Tall
Grays are shifty, lago-like reptile-men.)
It's the abductees themselves who tan-
talize his imagination—average citizens
who found themselves wriggling be-
tween invisible tweezers and treated like
lab samples. The frozen fear that a
couple of female abductees display in
his presence strikes him as unfakable:
"Their terror was heartfelt, real, and so
palpable and raw I am concerned for
their emotional well-being." Bryan's big
revelation comes when he hears a woman
describe how an alien tried on her high
heels: "Her comment undoes me!" And
he thinks, in a burst of italics, What pos-
sible reason could the woman have to make
up an incident like that?" The down-
home nature of the detail strikes him as
a convincing point in her favor. It isn't
so much that he believes the abductees'
stories as that he believes that they be-
lieve. They pass the sincerity test:
During the days immediately following the
conference, 1 am struck by how my perception
of the abduction phenomenon has changed:
no longer think it is a joke. This is not to say l
THE NEW YORKER, JULY 31, 19%
now believe UFOs and alien abductions are
real-"real" in the sense of a reality subject to
the physical laws of the universe as we know
them but rather that I feel something very
mysterious is going on. And based as much on
what has been presented at the conference as
on the intelligence, dedication, and sanity of
the majority of the presenters, I cannot reject
out-of-hand the possibility that what is taking
place isn't exactly what the abductees are say-
ing is happening to them. And if that is so, the
fact that no one has been able to pick up:
tailpipe from a UFO does not mean UFOs do
not exist. It means only that UFOs might not
have tailpipes. As Boston University astrono-
mer Michael Papagiannis insisted,
"The ab-
sence of evidence is not evidence of absence."
Wolfe accused the Gentleman in the
Grandstand of being reluctant to whip
out his notebook and do actual report-
ing. Bryan isn't guilty on that count. He
fills his notebook, then fills his pages.
He does his homework, if you want to
read homework. After Bryan's initial
rush of enthusiasm, the book levels off
into lengthy interviews with abductees
and abduction experts, many of whom
have polished their cosmic spiels into a
routine. Dr. Mack, because he has either
given too many interviews or indoctri-
nated his own mind, sermonizes in thick
chunks of guruspeak. ("I think the whole
notion of 'extraterrestrial' is a notion of
dualistic thinking anyway. We are extra-
terrestrial in a sense: our psyches are not
confined to Earth.") Lengthier and more
troubling are the accounts of hypnotic
sessions conducted on abductees by Budd
Hopkins in his Manhattan studio. One
woman dissolves into her memory pool
to resurface with the suspicion that it
wasn't her father who raped her on a
fishing trip when she was twelve—it was
an alien. After Lawrence Wright's "Re-
membering Satan," it's impossible to read
accounts of recovered-memory cases
without seeing the quicksand potential
for misery and miscarriages of justice.
Someone like Budd Hopkins, who fre-
quently hypes abduction stories to the
press he's been pushing a doozy about a
woman being whisked past the Brooklyn
Bridge: a story so implausible that even
the pop-science magazine Omni was
highly dubious, really ought not to be
bumbling around in other people's psyches.
What of the aliens themselves? Who
are they, what do they want, and why
do they keep taking our cattle? Are they
gods? Colonizers? Energy blips? Next-
door neighbors in a parallel universe?
"Philosophers, physicists, psychologists,
neurologists, neurosurgeons, biochem-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 925, "chars": 5895, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BOOKS
ists, researchers, scholars, folklorists,
abductees, and journalists alike circle
this issue like dogs circling a spot on the
rug, searching for a warm and comfort-
able place where they might set their in-
tellects down,
," Bryan writes in his con-
cluding chapter, before rattling off a roll
call of names and hypotheses: "Keith
Thompson suggests it is 'a prod to our
next level of consciousness'", "Carl Jung
wrote that UFOs behaved 'like weight-
less thoughts'"; "Jacques Vallee asks
whether UFOs are 'windows' rather
than 'objects'", "Peter Rojcewicz ex-
plains ...
"; and on through "Fred Allan
Wolf suggests ..." and "Julian Jaynes
reports...•
." Even Václav Havel gets a
sound bite, intoning something signifi-
cant about Gaia. When it's the author's
own turn at bat, he seems dazzled by so
many choices and opts for "heart," tell-
ing us how much he wants the abductees'
stories to be true. "I care,
," he writes. His
generosity of spirit has earned him praise.
In the Times Book Review Dean Koontz
chimed in, "No one should want to
trade his rare kindness for yet another
tome written by a sarcastic cynic. In-
deed, the power of his straightforward
writing left me not merely with an open-
mindedness toward the subject of alien
abduction but with a hope that many of
the abductees are in fact telling the truth
and that we are not alone in the universe."
It's as if we were all supposed to fan our
fingers around our faces like Doug Hen-
ning and flower with a "sense of wonder."
As one of those sarcastic cynics
Koontz deplores (why should Fran
Lebowitz have all the fun?), I found my
own sense of wonder shrivelling like
dead leaves when I started researching
the abduction phenomenon. It was easy
enough to pick the logical holes in ab-
duction lore, in the bodily hysteria.
(Why would entities capable of tran-
scending space-time and wafting people
through walls be conducting rudimen-
tary Roto-Rooter rectal exams and si-
phoning semen?) The lack of corrobo-
ration was also telling, especially when
the abductions were purportedly carried
out in busy daylight. But, like Bryan, I
was swayed by the abductees them-
selves. They bugged me. I came to feel
that I was dealing with a quasi cult of
deluded cranks. The abductees I inter-
viewed, far from being people plucked
out of the ordinary workday, had
browsed the entire New Age boutique
of reincarnation, channelling, auras, and
healing crystals. They seemed to be
testing how far they could take their
personal narratives. Their confessions
didn't need to be wrested from them;
they were eager to expound their ardent
monologues-so full of fetal imagery,
from the womblike interiors of the
spaceships to the baby-headed aliens,
and so similar to accounts of being
"born again." They felt similarly "cho-
sen." For them, the aliens were agents
of spiritual growth, guardian angels
zooming around like the Jetsons. (This
is the tack taken by Whitley Strieber in
his latest opus, the breathtakingly vacu-
ous "Breakthrough: The Next Step.")
Beneath the spiritual growth spurt of
the abductees was a pinched righteous-
ness; the ones I met tended to be clas-
sic pills of passive aggression. Anger and
distrust brooded beneath the surface.
And they were touchy about their belief
systems, however nebulous. Dr. Mack
himself told me that he generally de-
clined to appear in any TV debate with
debunkers, because discounting the ab-
duction experience was like denying the
existence of the Holocaust, and he was
not going to validate that point of view.
Dr. Mack recently underwent a peer re-
view at Harvard for what some colleagues
viewed as his questionable method-
ology. This June, he was also one of the
targets at a meeting of some two hundred
scholars at the New York Academy of
Sciences, which deplored the rising tide
of mush washing over the public mind,
from astrology and religious fundamen-
talism to the blithe disregard of truth in
postmodern epistemology; some partici-
pants urged that a hard line be taken
against all this drivel. In his defense, Dr.
Mack might be defined as a Third Wave
thinker, for whom—according to Alvin
and Heidi Toffler-there are no facts,
only interpretations. Interpretations run
roughshod over reality in times like
these. Indeed, the one explanation for
the outbreak of alien abductions which
Bryan fails to cite in his closing chapter
is the approach of the year 2000. That's
a major omission. The historian Hillel
Schwartz documents in his book "Cen-
tury's End" how the fin de siècle un-
corks a sense of reckoning and lets loose
visions of damnation, salvation, natural
disaster, chaos, and barbarism. Since
we're coming to the end of not only a
century but a millennium, no doubt
77
See the world
with Insight!
INSIGHT GUIDES
NORWA
I na wo ute s ar nalw alil.
travel guides are now available
in three information-packed formats:
Insight Guides, Insight Pocket Guides
(with pull-out maps) and the new
Insight Compact Guides.
300 different titles available at bookstores nationwide.
Houghton Mifflin
Tell Your Life Story!
Your life experiences and treasured memo-
ries compose a unique and fascinating story.
The Storehouse Collection will travel to you,
record you as you tell the story of your life, and
gather that richness into a beautiful hand-
bound book...a personal legacy for family and
friends. Please call or write for brochure.
The Storehouse Collection
505 Willow Road, Bellingham, WA 98225
(360) 738-8599 or (800) 738-8599
Three Million Pieces
China, Crystal, Flatware
& Collectibles
Obsolete, Inactive & Active.
Buy Or Sell.
REPLACEMENTS, LTD.
1089 Knox Road. PO Box 2602
Greensboro, NC 27420 - Dep
YO
1-800-REPLACE
(1-800-737-5223)
NEW AUTHORS
PUBLISH YOUR WORK
All subjects considered:
Fiction, Biography, Poetry, Religion, Childrens
AUTHORS WORLDWIDE INVITED
Write, or send your manuscript to:
MINERVA PRESS
2 OLD BROMPTON ROAD, LONDON SW7 3DO, ENGLAND

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 729, "chars": 4577, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
78
BOOKS
ON TAPE®
> World's Largest Selection Unabridged Audio Books
Box 7900-N, Newport Beach, CA 92658
Forrest
Gump
• Best Sellers
on Cassette
Winston Groom
• Full-length
Readings
• Call for Free
Brochure
W18
(800) 626-3333
THE SWEDISH WORK.
SHIRT DOUBLES
EVAD, MIG ARBETA?
RI
PROV.
150 CHESTNUT ST.
AS ALTERNATIVE
SPORT JACKET.
BAND COLLAR,
EQUALLY COOL
WITH TIE OR T.
INDIGO BLUE
AND
WHITE,
100%
COTTON.
US $89 + S/H
PH: 401-861-0014
(9-E EASTERN TIME
THE NEW YORKER, JULY 31, 1995
even more daemons and phantoms are or Carl Jung's 'materialized psychism.""
about to flood the portals. A liberal soul,
But can we really afford to shut off
C. D. B. Bryan welcomes this influx of
our bullshit detectors and indulge every
diversity, which suggests happy hour at
emanation of the occult? Superstition is
the bar in "Star Wars," and he offers
no substitute for the salience of what's
an antidote to this prevailing fear of
actually before us. It isn't as if the skies
the future: "I am beholden to those
weren't already thronged with pres-
people I met in the course of this book
ences. In the words of Edward Abbey, in
for having so richly populated the uni-
"Desert Solitaire," Td sooner exchange
verse, our little blue pond, and my
ideas with the birds on earth than learn
imagination with the most marvelous of
to carry on intergalactic communi-
beings'—be they Small Grays, Tall
cations with some obscure race of hu-
Grays, Nordic-types, reptilians, John
manoids on a satellite planet from the
Mack's aerially adept Merry Tricksters,?
world of Betelgeuse. First things first." *
BIKER DAYS
Notes from the road to revolution.
BY PAUL BERMAN
Hey Cody Rule: Bad guy has
drop on good guy. Can pull trigger
and kill him. Inevitably shouts
"Hey Cody!" (fill in name of good
guy), after which good guy whirls,
sees him, and shoots first.
Ebert's Little Movie Glossary
by Roger Ebert
At your local bookstore $12.95
Authors
Do you have a Manuscript?
Does it deserve Publication?
The largest joint venture publishers in the U.K.
welcomes work on all subjects for free appraisal:
The Adelphi
Press
Dept: A60, 4-6 Effie Road Fulham London SW6 ITD
ALL 17,576 COMBINATIONS
1'½"-$44.00 G.E.*
Your Initials hand
1"-$28.00 G.E.
made in all sizes.
flonograms
Available in 14Kt
by GENE
and Sterling Silver.
N.Y. State Res. Add 8.25 City Tax
FREE Catalog
Pin
*G.E. Gold Electro Plate
1-800-884-5478
31 W. 47th St., Suite 70Z, NYC. 10036
Fax 212-302-2748
N 1952, when Er-
handy. But Granado
nesto (Che) Gue-
wasn't tempted. The
vara was twenty-
sergeant upped the offer.
three years old—still
How about a hundred
a medical student at
soles? Not enough? He
home in Argentina, still
laid two hundred soles on
two years from his first
the table. That put a
serious political commit-
gleam in Granado's eye.
ment, still a long way
But when the answer
from becoming the revo-
was still no, the sergeant
lutionary comrade of
took off his cap, tossed it
Fidel Castro—he em-
in the air, took am in a
barked on a tour of
mirror, fired-and the
South America with his
bullet slammed into the
friend Alberto Granado.
wall. A complete miss!
The two men stopped at
Then the woman who
a bar in Peru and cadged
owned the bar blew her
some much needed sand-
top, another policeman
wiches and beers from a
rushed in, Che and
merry police sergeant,
Che Guevara
Granado fled, and those
who proposed a hair-raising bet. If
precious sandwiches and beer were lost
Granado would kindly stand twenty
forever.
metres away with a cigarette in his
The vagabonds went on to Cuzco, an
mouth, the sergeant would light the ciga-
ancient city—or, rather, two or three
rette with a single shot from his gun or
different cities piled one on top of
else pay hitty Peruvian soles. Che's journal
another. The first of those cities, in Che's
of this trip, never before published in
description, is the Cuzco of the Inca
English, has been given the title "The
Empire, still visible in the ruins of its for-
Motorcycle Diaries: A Journey Around
tress. He writes,
"This Cuzco invites you
South America" (Verso; $19.95), but in
to turn warrior and, club in hand, defend
reality the motorcycle was a luxury that
freedom and the life of the Inca." Next
quickly broke down and was replaced
comes the Cuzco of harmonious red tile
by hitchhiking and rafting and sun-
roofs and Andean costumes. This Cuzco F
dry other travel methods suitable for a
invites you to become a tourist. And
couple of nearly penniless vagabonds. So
there is a third Cuzco, "a vibrant city
those fifty soles would have come in
which bears witness to the formidable i
