{"created_utc": "2026-08-21T16:05:01Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 9691368, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122248-tom-delong-coast-to-coast-transcript-with-george-knapp.pdf", "source_sha256": "35fac5f653321378618c3415de41b0daa3f1a826c34aaeaea976700cc26ae34d"}

COAST TO COAST...TOM DELONGE, Mar. 27, 2016

Host: George Knapp, with guests: Tom DeLonge and A.J. Hartley

Knapp asks, in his intro., 'Could Tom DeLonge do what researchers, scientists, government insiders and
whistleblowers have been unable to do...tel the story...dig out the real story, and tell it in a way that's
not been told before.., how to make sense out of the alleged cover-up...why it started...how it's been
maintained? And also, to understand who the visitors are...more precisely, who 'The Others' are...and
I'm using air quotes around 'The Others'. That's the term used around some of the high-level sources,
developed by musician, Tom DeLonge. The story of how he got where he is...what he's learned so far
should be a movie...and maybe it will be. Over the next 4 hours we're going to hear this tale...how he
started down this unlikely road, the dramatic business decision he made about a year ago, changing the
direction of his life and his fortune, and the amazing series or chain of events which have led Tom from
one insider to another to another, stitching together an informal network of like-minded people who
now, seem to want the public to know the story. If you think you know how it works, or how it's been
handled this way, hold onto your seats because the tale you're going to hear tonight will turn things
upside down. I guess the question is...can we believe it? Is it dis-information...a trick or mis-direction?
Is Tom DeLonge being used or played or is he really onto something of global significance? It's gonna be
fun finding out...Tom will join me a few minutes from now, and we will start peeling back the layers of
the onion to reveal what's underneath...also, author, A.J. Hartley, the co-author with Tom DeLonge of a
series...'Secret Machines Chasing Shadows'. He'll join us for a couple of segments...in this journey of
discovery...

Knapp: I got a call about 5 years ago from a guy named Tom DeLonge...his passion through much of his
life, has been UFO's. The topic of UFO's would pop up in his lyrics now and then... After he called that
first time to talk about UFO's, we continued our communications over the years. He joined me on this
program a couple of times, and then allowed me a sort of front-row seat in what he's been doing.
About a year ago, his life took a very dramatic turn...he announced he's leaving Link 182 (his band),
which caused a furor with his hard-core fans... He said he was going to re-focus his professional life...the
working umbrella total, 'Secret Machines'...an ambitious, multi-platform effort ...films, documentary,
books...fiction and non-fiction...We're going to talk about all of those...and the unexpected turn things
took for Tom...something truly unusual that happened along the way...the contacts he made in the UFO
field that are absolutely unprecedented...welcome back to the program, Tom DeLonge...

TD... How are you?

Knapp...) hope I didn't build it up too much.

TD...I was listening to the intro, thinking, 'My God, I sound amazing.' They're all going to figure out soon
that I'm a pretty normal guy...so excited to be here. I've listened to 'Coast to Coast' for 20-something
years, and this is my third time being on here...such a rush!
Knapp...This one's going to be a rush for everybody I think. I want to start with a little bit about you. I
know you don't want to talk about this, but just for the benefit of listeners who were not fans, tell me a
little about the music career...how well you did. The decision you made to turn away from that...at least,
to some extent, becomes all the more dramatic.

TD...I've been playing music as far back as I can remember. When you start a band, you never think
you're going to go anywhere, so the biggest dreams and aspirations I had at the time were to play in
front of neighbors, you know. I was having these big, fanciful daydreams...but the band was at the right
place at the right time. We did something that, I think, resonated with a lot of kids at the time. We
 kind of became the band known for speaking for suburbia, and then, MTV was exploding so, with a little
bit of luck, we had some of the right material to land on that channel...the band exploded in the 90's,
and ever since, we've had a career...but along the way, you mentioned, yeah, I had other things that I
was into. There's always so much more to who I was. Obviously, everyone knows me because of the
music, but just like anybody else out there, when I'm not onstage, the other 23 hours of the day I was
always doing other stuff.

Knapp...) kid you about this, both in person, and once on the air, before, but your fans...you know, since
I've come to know you on social media, and 1 see you with the fans..'there's Tom on his UFO binge
again'...they chide you a little bit. Some of it is fun, adfn some of it ... they dont' want you to deal
with...but it's always been there.

TD...I will tell you this, and I think I even mentioned this in our conversations that weren't on the air,
...even dealing with the 'Secret Machines' project, I have met or come across people that...the subject
can rub people the wrong way...l've found people that have built up walis...so much taller and thicker
than any wall you'd think somebody would build up...they're scared of the belief systems they have, and
they don't want...you're coming at them with something that really shakes them. I don't know if that's
the way fans and people are on my social media...if they're scared of the material, or they just want me
to focus and do the music they grew up and loved...which is probably, most likely it. Just for
conversations' sake...being into this subject...and you know this more than (...some people
just...'No...don't want to hear it...blinders on...l gotta go to work', you know? Sometimes I see it on the
internet, too.

Knapp...Let's talk about your own experience...you've had an interest in this for a long time...before you
had anything like a paranormal, UFO-type experience, but on a camping trip...this is fairly recently...you
had something really strange happen out in the desert.

TD...Yeah, I did. It's been the subject of a lot of interviews lately. We just had 'Rolling Stone' and a
journalist with me last week for a handful of days, and they're gonna help break this story right after we
interview tonight...in the next issue of 'Rolling Stone', which is on the 8s' (April)...but even he was
bringing up ..'what's going on with this camping trip?' I did an interview ...with a modern art magazine...


                                                                                                              2-
They wanted to do something on this subject. They asked me, and I just kind of let the flood gates open.
Once again, I'm just talking...thinking out loud as I'm talking...see it in print later, and go, 'Oh, my God,
 people aren't going to understand this...gonna think I'm nuts...' Let me tell you what happened...we
went out to film...part of the 'Secret Machines' project...we wanted to go out and start collecting
footage. We were on our way out to what's known as the 'Area 51...you are the person who kind of told
the whole world about the existence of 'Area 51'...for anyone listening, if you know the term 'Area 51',
George is the one who taught you it...but that's not the only base out there...there's a lot of bases out
there...a few to the west of there, and one is called, 'China Lake'. We were trying to get...out there, but
it was too far to drive at the time, so we decided to pull off the road outside China Lake. We were
probably 100 miles from any gas station...somewhere on the fringes of Death Valley...all I know is we
were off-roading for a while, until we found a valley to camp in. I've done it a few other times for
fun...going back...there was an individual who was very prominent in the UFO field for a while...kind of
all the rage... He came up with this whole concept that the UFO or any advanced civilization is going to
communicate on the level of consciousness...the frequency of consciousness...they're not going to be
using AM/FM radios or whatever. He has this whole concept that if you meditate...do a certain protocol
and meditate...these things can show up. I didn't know what to believe at the time, but I did meet a few
professors from universities that were working with this guy, and they told me, directly, 'Oh, my God,
we've seen landings and stuff' and I was like, 'Really?' We would go out there...) took a couple of
buddies out there...and we would have fun and not really be sober, but we wanted to try it out. Nothing
ever really happened for us...so let's do it again...we're in the middle of the desert...so we tried it...and I
remember, right before we started this kind of meditative...the protocol...step-by-step-you've got to do
certain things. I remember telling them, 'I don't think anything's gonna happen, necessarily. We should
try to...but if anything does happen, it should happen at 3 in the morning'...and the two guys I'm with
are like, 'Why 3AM?'. I'm like, 'I don't know...it"s just what time it always happens...you read
about...people have like abductions or sightings...anything that's weird at night with this
phenomenon...somehow it always happens around that time...or a lot of the time it does.' So we all do
like a couple of hours of this meditation...nothing happens, and finally we're like, 'OK, it's time to go to
bed' . We all cram into this tent in the middle of nowhere...we're in the middle of nowhere, and the
fire's still going on outside the tent. It's kind of all illuminated. We get the sleeping bags, say a few
dumb jokes, and we go to sleep. I wake up and I hear hundreds of people talking around the tent...like
hundreds...so many voices I can't make out anything...it was a chorus of voices. Then, all of a sudden,
this thought enters my mind instantly...'Oh, it's just a bunch of special ops soldiers on a multi-day hike,
coming through our tent area...everything's cool...we're good. I go back to sleep...the fire's out...a
couple of hours have passed...and I was like, 'What the hell was that?' I woke everybody up first thing
in the morning, super early, and I was like, 'Oh, my God, did you guys hear that? Did you hear all those
voices?' One was like,'No, not at all' but the other guy was, 'Yeah, I heard people talking all around our
tent'...so I wasn't the only one, so I felt...but this is where it gets really interesting. You know John Keel,
the researcher from the '70's? Our good friend, Jeremy Corvell, actually insta-grammed his book, Trojan
Horse, not too long ago. It's from the '70's...had a re-prunt...and because Jeremy insta-grammed it, I was
like, 'I want to check that book out' so I bought it. I'm reading it, and I was like, 'Oh, my God'.
Somewhere around the first third of the book he gets into this whole...this is from the '70's, mind
you...he gets into this whole scenario where a lady sees a UFO...her car gets pushed over to the side of
the road...then, she hears a chorus or choir of voices...just so many voices she can't hear what it is...just
swirling around the entire area, and just step-by-step goes through the exact same thing that happened
to me out in the desert. As we get into the conversation later tonight, one of the first things I did when I
met the very important people we're going to talk about, I sent that over. I said, 'This is exactly...

Knapp...Sorry to interrupt you...we need to take a break...we'II pick up in a minute...

TD...I didn't believe UFO's were as simple as some kind of life form from another planet. I always
thought it was more complex than that. To me...l thought that Jacque Vallet and John Keel were both
offering explanations that were really making somebody think about the absurdity of what UFO's do
when people have some type of contact...or the abduction experiences, cattle mutilations, crop
circles...just the weird stuff that it's doing. Even religious stuff and the messages it's telling people...so
when I had my experience, it just kind of added more fuel to the fire...that it's a little bit more complex
than that. Actually, that's one of the great things about the phenomenon...once you start studying it
and once you try and find different rabbit hole to jump into, it's kind of neverending...because there's so
much about this topic and about the phenomenon, itself, that you can learn for the next 500 decades
and only break the surface of it.

Knapp...So...how big a role did that experience play in the ultimate decision you made about a year
ago...did it sort of change your focus?

TD...For people that are wondering, 'Did I care about music anymore?'... I'm doing more music, now,
than ever, but it is a major shift...so I have a company...and what we're doing is kind of communicating
large things and ideas in what's called this 'trans-media'...where you multi-platform releases on a
subject. That's no different than what you see on your big Marvel or GC Comics movies or stuff like
Disney does...even Star Wars, where it's a franchise...an idea that lasts for many years...a lot of movies,
books or whatever. 'Secret Machines' is like that. All of the releases I'm doing have a piece of music
with it, but I'm more interested in things that are more challenging, ambitious. I don't do well, doing the
same thing over and over again. If I'm not engaged cerebrally I kind of feel like I'm dying a slow
death...so, I definitely put a lot on my plate this time.

Knapp...So describe the parameters of this project...what it involves...

TD...I knew that this was the greatest story never told...you don't even have to sensationalize anything
about this subject...and it will blow peoples' minds. I also knew that it's never really been told in an
elevated, artistic way...other than 'Close Encounters' that Spielberg did so many years ago. That's
probably the only one on a major level that took it decently seriously and put concepts out there for
people to digest and think about...walk away saying, 'Wow' because it was so elevated in approach, you
know...best director of all time. I thought we kind of needed to do something like that again...but
because I do know a lot about the subject... the complexities involved, and that it is o national security
issue and a global security issue, I didn't want to come out and be this very public figure, saying some of
these things that I knew needed to be said, without permission. So the whole project was, 'How do we
do major motion pictures with documentaries, with non-fiction books...step-by-step we kind of entertain
and educate. It all went back to not too many years ago when I was watching that movie, 'Thirteen
Days', with Kevin Costner on the Cuban Missile Crisis. We've all been told about the Cuban Missile Crisis
in school. You're like, 'Oh, my God, we almost died... they're going to put weapons in Cuba... we almost
died...' You walk out of high school and the enormity of it is thrown in your lap...you don't really digest
it, so I watched that movie, and it kind of...step-by-step you go into the debate. You've seen the
argument ...seen the fear...how the families act...and you're going, 'Wow, that was a pretty heavy time
in our history. So I left and I went to the book store to buy the actual recordings of JFK in the Oval
Office. I wanted to hear those debates...to hear how they dealt with the idea of a nuclear war that could
break out any minute. I wanted to hear what those guys were saying...to figure out...decode that
problem. That's what I want to do with this project...where you pull people in...galvanize them over the
issue. Then, they want to go and absorb the non-fiction elements. A funny story to that JFK
thing...when I was standing in line with the JFK tapes...all these CD's at the time, and all these recordings
of JFK...my phone rings and I go, 'Hello'. He goes, 'This is Senator Ted Kennedy'...I go, 'What?' He says,
'This is Senator Ted Kennedy...' I paused for a second, and I go, 'I'm holding recordings of your brother.'
He says, 'You are?' I was like, 'Yeah...hold on a second...) he grabs somebody else and says, 'Tom, this is
Senator John Kerry...come campaign with me.' I got into campaigning in Iowa and people saw me at the
elections at the time, when he was running for president. This whole 'entertain and educate' model I
think is something that needs to happen.

Knapp...To begin with, the books...you have six in line to start with...fiction/non-fiction?

TD...Yeah, we actually have four of them done. What we call 'historical fiction'...or another way; one ofc
my advisors put for us to put on there was 'threading a historical event'. That is coming out on APRIL 5th,
everywhere. Then, we'll follow it with the first non-fiction book...and just go back and forth between the
fiction and the non-fiction. We're almost done with the three non-fiction books...one completely done,
and the other two will be done in the next couple of weeks...but the novel, itself...all 700 pages of it will
be in stores everywhere on the 5th

Knapp..We're going to talk about Secret Machines, Chasing Shadows, in the next hour when we're
joined by your co-author. Can you talk about the non-fiction books...what the general subjects are?

TD...Yeah...for some of the people out there who live in this world like myself, I came up with an
internationally known researcher named Peter Lavenda...what you would call an expert at the occult.
He did a lot of famous research about the Nazi's... and what the Germans were xcoing after WWII...all
the weird occult stuff they were into. When people start to understand more about the UFO
phenomena, and when they follow what Secret Machines is going to teach them...mind you, we'll talk
about this in a little bit...it's not all coming from me...it's coming from other people...at the highest
places... There's the term, 'the occult' and that whole world is much more a part of the UFO
phenomenon than...that's part of what makes it more complex than just little green men, flying saucers,
and tin foil hats. Peter has been writing the non-fiction books for just as long as A.J has been writing the
fiction books, so we've been working on this for a while.

Knapp...The documentary projects...non-fiction documentaries that you've been working on...l've seen
glimpses...some of the stuff...some of the interviews you've done. Part of that story is the contacts that
were developed in the course of putting that together. Tell me about the documentary projects...as
much as you want to reveal right now about the kind of people you're talking to. Who might those
subjects be?

TD...Sure...when we started this project, I wanted to document my efforts...meeting the people in
charge...telling the story about how I am basically building one of the largest covert communications
goals that has been put together...and because I can't come out and tell everybody who these people
are...and because I can't run round showing pictures...resume's and bio's of where these people have
been...l figured the next best way to do it is to document and tell the story of how I met these people,
the information they've been giving me, and how we're going to attempt to communicate some of these
things to people. It's big stuff...some of it scary stuff...and like I said earlier, it's going to hit people's
belief systems pretty hard on some issues. It just needs to come out over time. We need to finesse a
certain way to build it all on credibility...so when they read The Secret Machine's novels, they
understand that we're not just trying to entertain them...that there's things in this book that were given
to me that have never been given to the world...ever...in relationship to what the UFO phenomenon is,
where it's from, and what it's doing. A lot of this book is laying the foundation for even bigger stuff
that's coming in book two.

Knapp...) want to talk for a moment about the political scene. I'm not endorsing Hillary Clinton...John
Podesta. I don't think you are either. I just find it amazing...and I don't know if they could release the
UFO files even if they could find them. I just find it amazing that during the heat of a campaign that
somewhere they've done a big focus group or something that says it's ok...but to me, it doesn't make
any sense. It' just seems like it's a downer...something they could be beaten over the head with...yet,
you've had very open communications with Podesta. His interest in this goes way way back, as does
hers.

TD...Yeah, I think people need to take very, very strong notice of what's going on when Hillary Clinton
comes on Jimmy Kimmel's show...like she did a couple of nights ago...and says, 'We are going to dig in
and bring out the UFO files, quote, 'unless it has to do with national security'. That was the one
caviat...so she's saying this needs to come out but there might be some things that are going to hold
some of it back. She's letting you know... with bread crumbs here...that there are national security issues
with this stuff...and there are global security issues with this stuff. So her campaign manager, John
Podesta, is a very, very powerful and important person. A lot of this audience knows of him because he
tweeted a few times about UFO's. One of those...his famous tweet last year...was that his biggest failure
for 25 years was not getting the UFO files released...but you've got to look at who he is. He got
President Clinton elected and was his Chief of Staff, and got Obama elected and served as his
transitional Chief of Staff...and served for the majority of Obama's tenure as his senior advisor...and
now, he's the campaign chairman for Hillary...so if Hillary wins, he'l l most likely be Chief of Staff for her.
So you've got a guy that's routinely getting people elected to the highest office in the world, and the,
staying on to either run their office or be their senior advisor, and he's out there talking about UFO's like
it's anything else. He is in my docu-series. The story there was I reached out and told him what I was
trying to achieve with this project...and he was very quiet on the phone...listening. I kind of went
through what my objectives were. I have my pitch down, but I'm speaking very respectfully...trying to
lay out all the reasons why this needs to happen. I didn't think I really got through to him. For all I knew,
he thought I was some crazy rock star that wanted to talk about something weird. I knew he was into
this stuff, but I just didn't know how much or whatever. So he said, 'Call me in a couple of months. I'm
pretty busy...and we'll see where we're at.' I never called him back because I didn't think he was really
absorbing what I pitched him...and then...out of nowhere, I just get this flurry of e-mails from his
office...that he wants to be in this...l have to come out to D.C. and it's a major priority...and the rest is
history. I think people need to understand that we're in a transition here with this topic, and that some
real ly big things are about to happen.

Knapp...Well that's what I'm trying to get at here...because I know for some listeners who just can't
stand Hillary Clinton, they have trouble even listening to this part of it...but just set that stuff aside for a
second and think for a moment about the significance of a major presidential candidate talking about
this issue. It's like somebody flipped a light switch or something.

TD...Well, you know, you have an issue that's going to tackle cosmology, religion, scientific
breakthroughs that will seem like magic to people. Our relationship to countries that we're not
supposed to have relationships with, defense systems that we ve been bui lding secretly with enormous
amounts of money for a very long period of time, where people...if they knew about it...would probably
be in an uproar until they knew the reasons why. Then, they'd say, 'Why didn't you tell me? I wish I
could have helped you.' The more I found out about this stuff and...giving me the information, I realized
that all these young people are going to look at these areas of our government and sya, 'You guys are
fearless...doing heroic stuff...incredible stuff ...and no one knows about it, and you're letting all these
weirdo's on the internet define you and say it's al l a big conspiracy...a big, bad secret government
keeping secrets because they're all better than us or we can't handle the ...or they're doing it for
money...to control the world. Nothing could be farther from the truth. Once you understand why
they're keeping their efforts secret and what they've been doing, you will realize that they need to be
empowered and that they need to be given every bit of resource they could possibly need for what
they're doing. I'm excited to tell that part of the story. I'm excited for people to understand that these
are good people doing important work that...thank God, they were doing it.

Knapp...What it makes you wonder is...l made the comparison to somebody, 'like a light
switch'...whether a green light has been given to a variety of people in the government...that it's ok to
start dribbling stuff out. I mean, people are talking to you. Someone, somewhere knows those
conversations are underway. I'm just wondering where, ultimately, did this come from? Did they have
a conference call and everybody said, 'OK, now's the time.' What do you think of that?

TD...You know, it's hard to say. I think I came in and brought my things to the table thqat they don't
readily...or had...) walked in there with a voice. They odon't really have a position that speaks to young
people the way I do. I also walked in there with a thesis on the phenomenon that is correct...that's
totally different from just visitors from another planet... when they saw that I actully knew what I was
talking about, I think that caught them a little bit off-guard. Then, I also said, 'I have a plan to do
something that looks like this'...I kind of laid out...the whole 'Secret Machines' project and they thought
that was really interesting...but what I really started executing when I actually started doing the work
and pulling the people together, getting all these advisors, writing the novel, the novel being good, the
documentaries, and the documentaries being good, and... and everything happening the way I said it
would...) think I built up an enormous amount of trust with these guys...but we have to be really clear
here. I'm very respectful...very formal about it. Everything's a 'yes, sir' and 'no, sir'. I don't...speaking to
guys where you can count all the stars on their shoulders...really, I try to run this like a real program...the
way they would want it run. So, after everything gets approval...gets sent over and...just to give you
guys an idea...) got a call that I was going to do an interview with 'Newsweek', last week. I did the
interview, and at the end of the interview, I found out it was a fake interview...that my company set it
up as a way for someone to help me craft a message for this because they knew I was dealing with
national security. That's not something a musician ever has to worry about...so they set up this fake
interview. There wasn't somebody to help me...say, 'well, look, this is the kind of things you're
saying...and maybe you shouldn't say it this way'...but the cool thing about it was, they recorded it, so I
took that recording and instantly...l was happy abovut that and everything else...l was like, 'Tell me
...help me say things in a better way.' I went that evening...took that recording, and sent it off to the
main man...the main man out of 10 advisors I have...and he's a very big deal.

Knapp...Did he give you feedback?

TD...I got 4 pages of notes...of feedback...things like saying. 'Stop calling it the phenomenon. Call it
UFO's. Make sure people understand what you're talking about.'

Knapp..Alright...in the next hour, we're going to invite your co-author of Secret Machines...the first book,
A.J. Hartley, onto the program to talk about the learning curve for him. Then, we're going to get into
these 10 advisors that you put together one by one, and how you got together with them...and the
things they've told you so far. Much more to come with my guest, Tom DeLonge, on Coast to Coast AM.


A.J. Hartley is the author of 18 novels, including the new one, Secret Machines, Chasing Shadows, co-
written with my guest, Tom DeLonge. A.J. Hastley is a distinguished professor of Shakespeare at the
University of North Carolina, Charlotte. Welcome to the program.

A.J. H...Thanks, George.

Knapp...) guess the obvious question is...what's a distinguished guy like you doing in company like this,
talking about UFO's?

A.J.H...(Laughs) That's a great question, and I sometimes wonder. I think, you know, these are the kind
of questions that people want to talk about and my work as a Shakespearean has always been
committed to the idea that Shakespeare was involved in the kind of stories that his audience wanted to
hear and the questions you want to talk about...the people you want to talk about and that's always
been my way in...to try and write stories to try and come up with the kind of drama that people just
want to hear.

Knapp...Tom, what was the pitch you made to him and why did you pick A.J.?

TD...It's easy to pick the guy because he's incredible...incredible novelist...a very elevated writer. I think
when you look at his body of work and just the art form, itself...what he does...it was going to elevate
the entire project to have somebody of his caliber come aboard. But what did I tell him? I think it was a
very impassioned speech...that we've got to do something that's never been attempted before, but that
this is real. I flew him out, and just laid out all these documents...just one by one. My hands just
probably like...my hands in the air...like I'm huge...like I'm running to become president, myself, and I'm
pitching this incredible story that's never been told before, and I think I was getting through to him, but I
didn't know at the time, so I wasn't quite sure if he was absorbing it or if he was thinking I was crazy,
but...it's probably a better question for him.

Knap...Well, A.J. there's a quote in the afterword of this book that says, 'Fiction does a better job of
telling the truth than non-fiction'...so...is this a true story that you're telling...in a fictional venue?

A.J.H...Well, I mean, obviously, there are a couple of different kinds of truth, and for me, as a storyteller,
part of the truth I'm trying to tell is a very human one because my first connection when I'm writing a
novel is about characters...about stories that the people like to experience. I'm trying to get the truth of
that down. Now, as far as the truth of the larger story, in more of a subjective sense, that's probably
where Tom comes in. He's relaying information to me all the time, based on the people he's talking to,
and I'm trying to incorporate that, as best I can, and as people then read the material, they were fact-
checking and running interference to make sure what we were saying was consistent and in accord with
the best evidence we had. There are moments in the book that are based around very clearly


                                                                                                                 1
documented things. In one case there's something that happened directly to me, which I put in and
remembered in the time that I experienced it, in the book.

Knapp...Which story is that?

A.J. H...It's actually...the narrative is divided into the four main characters, and each one has kind of a
running, alternating story all the way through the book...but those narratives are interspersed with what
we call interludes...little moments that come from outside their particular...those four characters'
stories...things that come from a history or other kinds of documentation. The first one in the book is an
encounter...a sighting from an ordinary person who happens to be in Japan in the late '80's and sees
something strange...and that person was me.

Knapp...) notice you have a chapter (DeBrower?) and the sightings in late 1989, there. There was one on
Betty and Barney Hill...a short chapter on Admiral Richard Byrd...so you intersperse those things with the
activities of your characters. I thought it was a nice touch. It sort of reminded me of 'Close Encounters',
how you bring...it starts with these disparate characters all over different parts of the world, and then,
the threads of the story bring them all together. I don't want to give away too much, but my state of
Nevada has a heck of a lot to do with it.

A.J.H...That's right. One of the challenges, I think, when Tom and I first started talking about the book,
and he was saying, you know, 'I want to cover this period and things happening all over the world'...and
for me, as a novelist, I'm thinking, 'How the hell am I gonna make that work as a single narrative?' We
sort of hit on the idea of weaving those four main stories together...but to make the narrative feel
coherent...to get a sense of unity and progression toward a particular end, it made sense to try and bring
all of those four stories into a single time-line and a single place...and, in the process, also for the
chapters to start getting shorter and shorter, more surprising and action driven as the narrative sort of
builds to a climax.

TD...I want to throw something in, too. This worked to my advantage when I started meeting with
people within the government...because I was explaining how we would insert important
information...and the genius of what A.J. was able to put together was that each character is learning
something on her own journey. We have a pilot that gets promoted to what he doesn't understand is a
civilian program, even though it's kind of being run by government/military. There's another lady that
her is a world banker, and she has to take over his duties and understand that he was privately funding
these weird aerospace companies...and you go through all these characters, but they each have to learn
something. The reason that worked really well when I met the people within the government was...l
was able to say...as we put information that has never been out there, into these stories...the people
reading them, and the viewers of the feature films and television series...however we put it out
there...will learn the stuff step-by-step with the characters, so we won't throw too much on somebody's
lap that scares them. Frankly, the stuff I've gotten over the past two months, that we're going to be
putting in book 2, is some pretty scary stuff. So it really worked to our benefit to let it all go forward
with the support of these people.

Knapp...So you started with one book in mind, and it changed in the course of writing it because of these
encounters you had with real people, telling you things that you didn't know before.

TD...Right...well we knew...A.J. and I knew we were going to do at least 3 books, but we didn't know
what they would have in them. We just tackled this first one. We knew the scope of the subject matter.
We had ideas of how we kind of wanted to lay it out on a macro-level, but I will say that
absolutely...100%...the communication that I'm getting now is going to give us, far and away, most of
the material for book number 2. We're going to be getting into the oceans...into viruses...a lot of
different stuff. A. J. is going to be able to sit down, and through all of this madness, haved it make sense
and be palatable...and that's a...thank God he's here with us.

Knapp...A.J. let me ask you this...people study this topic for decades and still don't get their heads
around it. I'm one of them. I can imagine the learning curve in putting something like this together. It's
pretty steep.

A.J.H...It is, and that's one thing Tom and I started talking about 18 months or so ago. Initially, that was
the thing I found hardest...just to get started. As you say, there's a lot to learn. Tom started sending me
books, links to documents online, Youtube videos, all kinds of stuff...and I was getting a bit
overwhelmed. Trying to find a way to turn that into a single, coherent narrative that would work as a
novel, right..as well as a documentary...so you've got multiple challenges ahead...synthesizing the
material, learning the material, turning it into a book that ordinary people are going to find entertaining,
as well as compelling. I remember getting close to the end of the year before last and thinking, 'Oh, my
God...so I've go the first chapter I was writing, I was committed to...putting myself in the position of a
fighter pilot over Afghanistan...and that's no picnic, you know when you're not a fighter pilot...having
an experience flying over Afghanistan...getting into that mind-set and knowing exactly what it's like to
be in a plane, and make it feel like it's absolutely real...and Tom said this a thousand times...it's got to
feel real. We're telling a really important story, and it's got to feel absolutely compelling. So it was a
huge amount of research, and then, I still found myself getting inside the fighter pilot, saying then, what
do you do...and how do you make the plane do this, and all that sort of stuff...getting them to vet what I
was saying so that it was working. It's still nerve-racking to send the first 10,000 words or so, call and
say, 'Am I in the ball park? Is this what you're looking for?'

Knapp...One of the scenarios, without giving the whole thing away, we discuss the idea of cover-up ..the
government cover-up and, of course, there is no 'the government'. There's the great big
apparatus...one hand often doesn't know what the other is doing... For a subject like this, chances
are...and you and I can get into this later, Tom...but the chances are the people who really know the big
picture, you can almost count on one of your fingers. You guys have a plot device in there where it's
private money outside the government that funds some of the stuff that's going on, which is the
scenario that I've come to believe is probably true...that whatever hardware might exist, it would make


                                                                                                               1
sense, it would be outside the purview of government. Some people within government might know
about it, but that it would make sense to take it out of government, inot private hands or another
government's hands, or somewhere... was that how you intended to do it all the way along, Tom?

TD...It is, and I think...for people who look into this subject long enough...they're going to see some
threads that have been around for a very long time. One of the threads is...when the first crashes
happened, we pulled together intelligence...military and private industry. We brought those brightest
minds together...what do we do and how do we attack this? One of the things we do to this day is...big
private companies...or even publicly traded companies, but thye're still not government...still not like
the military building their own craft somewhere. They use really, really incredible minds at big, public or
private companies...but they're still kind of operating under the Department of Defense...but they're not
really a part of the government...they're doing their own thing...but what they're building they don't
really own. It's a really interesting way...how it works. I was amazed when...out of the 1O advisors that I
have, 3 of them are of the brightest scientific and engineering minds in the entire military-industrial
complex. These are the guys that, nine months out of the year, they work over at Area 51...and that's
the truth. To learn how things are is so different than what you come up with than reading all these
dumb conspiracy blogs...which we've all fallen into, if you like that stuff...because where else are you
going to go? But they might be building something that truly is ...has anti-gravity...but they don't own
it...even though they're paying for it and it's theirs, kind of, and it's their own building...the building's on
government land. It's kind of convoluted, but it's an interesting dance, and I don't know. I feel like I'm a
kid, just walkng into a museum, and just blown away by every painting on the wall. I'm trying to be
respectful and not keep asking too many absurd questions...but I'm hoping that people realize what
we're doing is real and it's going to make its way into these books and films, and they're going to lelarn a
whole lot.

Knapp...A.J., using the novel as the venue for telling this part of the story, also allows Dlausibl€
deniability...for the people who are guiding Tom and giving you information...via him as proxy...it allows
them to say, 'Well, this is fiction, you know, don't take it too seriously...if that's what they want to
do...while, at the same time, guiding the structure of the story.

A.J.H...Exactly, I think you're right, yeah. It's a great way, and you know, your reference before...is a
good one because that's a story about people experiencing the phenomena exclusively from the
outside, and we wanted a blend of that with exploring people who are increasingly on the inside story.
But, as you said, ultimately, everybody is shaped by...it's a novel, right. It's a work of fiction, so yes...and
I think Tom can speak to this, perhaps more directly, but we were constantly being presented with
information where we felt we were being led in very particular directions...but there was that 'House of
Cards' type line...if you know the original British TV show...where someone would say something and the
minister would say, 'Well, you might think that, but I can't possibly comment' and that's their way of
saying 'Yes, that's exactly what's going on, but I'm not going to tell you officially.'
Knapp ...Is there anything that Tom shared with you, or you learned as part of this learning curve, that
you said to yourself, 'I'm not buying that...) don't believe it...l'm not going to write it...it's just too much
for me.'

A.J.H...I think, as an academic, I'm trying to be skeptical and I think we definitely had our moments here
and there where Al would sort of put the brakes on a little bit... ask questions. I think there were
moments when we got into some sort of 'Ancient Alien-type' thing...where I was saying, 'Well I don't
know that I'd buy that.' I was trained, in part, by an Egyptologist. I worked a little bit as an
archaeologist before I became a Shakespeare professor, so I know a little bit about things like
hieroglyphs...so when people said, 'Look there's a hieroglyph representing a UFO, I can look at that and
say, 'Actually, no, I don't think that's what it is, and this is why...and I understand how the grammar of
this works, and that's not what this would be doing. So whenever we ran into something where we
weren't in agreement, I think we backed away and said, 'OK, so let's put it into an area where we are
much more sort of on the same page and more sure if what we're saying, because you want to be able
to believe what it is that you're doing. I don't think there's anything in the book where I say, 'I'm writing
something that I actually believe to be false.' I don't think that's the case at all.

Knapp...Well good, I'm glad to hear that...A. J. Hartley, thanks for joining us. I appreciate your insight. I
read the book. It's a wonderful read, and it's going to be a great movie, assuming that it is made into a
movie. I want to thank you for joining us. We're going to be back with Tom DeLonge in a moment and
get into the meat of this ...who these people are he's been talking to...at least a general description. And
if you wonder what he does when he's not chasing UFO mysteries, this is a song from his band, 'Angels
and Airwaves'...called 'Tunnels'.

Knapp...We're talking with Tom DeLonge, who's sort of refocused a lot of his energies and his fortune
into the pursuit and launching of a project called 'Secret Machines'...a multi-platform project...films,
documentaries, books, music...to explore the kinds of things that we discuss on this program often, and
he's told us that he has a group of advisors, within and without government, who've been telling him
things they say is the real truth about these mysteries...so the obvious questions...how do we know
they're telling the truth? Are they leading them down the path...giving him dis-information? How can
he prove any of this stuff to be real? We're going to get into all that in our upcoming segment...

Tom let's get down to brass tacks. You had this project sort of in mind before you met these guys,
right?

TD...I did, yeah. I didn't quite know how I was going to get the support I wanted. I had ideas of how to
start, but I'm the kind of guy that's always sniffed out an opportunity somewhere to push something
forward...so just looking for opportunities in everyday life...and I've had a few of those in this
category...but in the forward of the novel...we've been talking about the novel. It'll come out April 5th'
but I've sent a few versions out to people before, to read, but the forward wasn't in there. This book
will have the forward in it. I describe a series of events that started a lot of this stuff. I think that is a
pretty interesting story.

Knapp...Let's get into it. You made this decision, and it's risky for you. I remember when you're just
making the decision at the announcement, 'Look, I'm done with Link 182'. There are people online who
practically want to shoot you. They were really mad, but it's risky for you, financially, to do this. 'The
Secret Machines' is a big project. It's got to be financially viable or it doesn't make it.

TD...Yeah, it's a real project. I have a company that needs the project to work. The whole thing is risky
in many ways. I think we could even start back a little earlier. There's going to be a teaser that launches
here, shortly, that has clips from the documentary side of things that I'm doing, and in it there is a
person that's silhouetted...that's been a very, very high defense contractor engineer... from Groom
Lake/ Area 51 for decades, and he says something in that teaser. That person...l remember long ago
when I was telling him a little bit about what I wanted to do...gave me a call the next day. He called me
on a video chat. He gets on there and says, 'I made calls about you.' I said, 'Really'...and he said, 'Yeah, I
did. You better be really !@#_ing careful if someone comes up to you and asks you to get in the car
and go for a ride, don't get in that car.' I laughed it off, and said, 'Come on'. It literally just sounded like
a movie to me, so I kind of just chuckled. He goes, 'I'm being really !@#$ing serious with you right now!
If someone comes by and asks you to go for a ride, don't get in the car! I'm not !@@#ing around with
you'...and he's pointing at me...'I'm being very serious. You're playing with some serious stuff.'
At that point, my heart was beating really fast, and I said, 'You're being really serious right now, aren't
you?' He said, 'Yes, I'm being very, very serious with you.' Because of that conversation, all the events
that transpired after that, when I started meeting certain people, I went in very, very respectful and
asked for permission on everything I did, and treated it the way these guys treat it, which is...it is a
national and global security issue.

Knapp...Let's talk about the process of how you sort of pierced the veil, because that's what people are
going to have trouble buying...how is it this rock star guy gains access to this when so many
people...senators, researchers, scientists, and spooks who've tried to look for this stuff couldn't find
it...how do you get the access? How do you play that?

TD...I might as well just tell you the story...so...it spells this out a little in the forward of the book. I had
an opportunity to go to an event...the most classified and advanced group of engineers and scientists
that work within the military-industrial complex work under one specific group. It's a very, very quiet
group...but for the very first time, they were doing an event where family members could come...not go
in the buildings, but at least celebrate in the parking lot...which their loved ones do today...and they
asked me, 'Would you come up'...because I knew this one individual that told me to be really careful. He
goes, 'This is a way for you to come up and see a little bit about what we're doing.' I said, 'Oh my God, I
would love to' and he said, ' Do you want to come and introduce the head of the company to the
crowd?'...and I said, ' I will if I get to sit with them for 5 minutes.' I don't know why I said that, but I just
knew that was an opportunity that guys like me would kill for, because I knew exactly who this group of
engineers was. I knew exactly what they do...the head guy, are you kidding me? Lock me in a room with
this dude. I got that opportunity, went up, did the introduction to the crowd, then got the 5 minutes to
sit down alone and say what I wanted to say. At that time, I didn't say anything about this subject. I just
said, 'Hey, I have an idea for a project, and this project, I think, if it's done correctly, will reverse the
cynicism people have about government and what people have about the military-industrial complex. I
think that if I do this, places like this and other arms of the government would be happy it got
communicated'... but I didn't bring up anything...

Knapp...You didn't mention UFO's...

TD...You don't bring up UFO's...don't' even do that, because you'll get kicked right out the door. He
goes, 'OK, that's great.' I said, 'Can I come up in a couple of weeks and tell you more about it?'
'Absolutely'. A couple of weeks go by and then, I come back up. I go through 4 layers of
security...through guys with machine guns, then escorted into a very specific building...part of a bunch of
buildings somewhere out in the middle of the desert. I go through two layers of electronic code entry
systems, they make their sounds, and the doors open up. I'm in a hallway, and that hallway has
speakers just lining the ceiling, just plain, white noise, kind of like TV static. That's there so you don't
hear anybody's conversations. The hallway also has a series of doors, and all the doors have those big
rotary locks like a safe lock on them. We go through the hallway and they just twist the knobs on the
doors, and you hear the big sound and that door opens up an arm in the center of the building where
the top three engineers work with the head of the company. I walk in, they're sitting there, ready for
what it is I want to pitch them. I'm nervously figuring out what I'm going to say. I had no idea...no plan
for even bringing up UFO's, then either. I was smarter than that. We're talking and one person
apparently did a bunch of research on me and knew I was all into this subject, so halfway through the
conversation this person says, 'So what about all the conspiracy stuff that you're into?' Now, I'm begin
eyeballed by three very important people and I just totally got caught. I try to talk my way out of it and
in comes the head of the company...a big, big dude...kind of saves the moment, but at the same time, he
got introduced to the conversation right at that point. I said, 'You come in at a very interesting part of
the conversation. This person brought up the whole UFO issue with me. I just want you to know that I
don't plan on treating that disrespectfully with this project.' Then I got interrupted, and the head guy
says, 'We cannot be involved with anything that has anything to do with that subject...especially since
there has been no evidence, whatsoever, that it exists.' So bam! I'm just cut off right there. So now my
heart's racing and I'm like, 'What do I do?' The only thing I can think of at the moment is...l said, 'Well,
Edgar Mitchell, the 6th man to walk on the moon, is out telling all the young people of the world that this
is real...so we have a credibility issue that we have to attack, but we don't have to attack it here and
now. Maybe we can talk this through. It's just something that young people think, and I want you to
know a little bit more about my project'...so I got my way through. I'm thinking, 'Oh my God, I'm still
here.' They said, 'OK, continue.' That specific meeting ended and I just said, 'The hell with it'. I said, 'Sir,


                                                                                                          IS
can I speak to you for 5 minutes alone?' This is a Tom that even my old band members know...l'll just go
over something...this is the punk rock kid inside me, right? He goes, 'Sure' The others kind of look at me
weird. We leave and I kind of look at them. They stood up and I shut the door, and I'm in the middle of
all these different layers of security, sitting with this person, and I just go for broke. This is exactly what I
said... 'I want you to understand something' and I sat down two feet in front of him. He's staring at me,
and I go, 'I understand the national security implications about what I'm about to say. I'm not naive to
the topic, and I think if you hear me out, you're going to see the merit in what I'm about to propose.' He
goes, 'Well what topic are you talking about?' I go, 'UFO's, sir. Now, this is what I want to try and do.' I
just laid out this entire 'Secret Machines' project idea. I said, 'Over the last 30 years there's been a
program to indoctrinate people to the idea that this might be real, but the problem is all the young
adults of the world use the internet, have i-phones, talk to each other much quicker than people ever
have, so this program that everyone's been following since the '50's is far out-dated. It's antiquated.
People have surpassed it, and now, they don't trust you guys...they don't like you guys...they graduate
from MIT and they want to work for Elan Musk, and they don't want to work here. Help me help you
guys.' Then he stops me and said, 'Frankly, there's been some bad things that have happened in the
past 30 years on the subject'...and he stops me...and I'm kind of going, 'OK now I'm in trouble'...I just
went right into this stuff...what's going to happen. He looks at me, takes a deep breath, and goes, 'What
kind of bad things has the government done on this subject?'...very, very calm, staring me straight in the
eyes. So I came up with a couple of things that I can't say here. I said, 'If you allow me to do what I'm
trying to do, then I'm going to ask you for some help. I need advisors...people to help guide me so I
don't keep dis-informing people. I will not do that anymore. We need to tell the truth'...and I told him
'You've got to picture those little chickens running across the road and someone's guiding them. I'm
that little chicken and I'm running, but I don't want to get hit by a car along the way.' It was no joke.
There was nothing to laugh at during this time. I said, 'I'm going to send you something. I want you to
read it, and please, if you find anything about it that's good...any kind of merit in this at all...just respond
any way you can'...because I didn't think he could respond in an e-mail or anything. He goes, 'OK, thank
you for that'...and then the meeting was done. What I did was..the non-fiction books that we've been
working on right next to the Secret Machines novel, in parallel, have a thesis of the UFO phenomenon. I
took the prologue to that thesis and sent it to him. I'm sitting there, going, 'Oh my God, what did you
do...what did I do? I shouldn't have sent an e-mail...obviously, you don't send an e-mail...every e-mail
you have with this group has all these government stamps all over the e-mail. It goes through DOD
servers and all that stuff, but I had no other way to get it to him, so I did. 1 just sat there, and I didn't
hear anything for a couple of weeks. I was like, 'That relationship's done...) fried that thing...went in
there talking ...I tell people it's like walking into somebody during WWII and saying, 'Hey, about that
nuclear bomb you're building in secret...' you know, 'I want to talk to you about that...' That's basically
what I did. Two weeks later I get this e-mail and it says, 'I want you to be next to the Pentagon at this
date and this time. You're going to be meeting somebody from the CIA, basically...said it in a different
way, but I can't say what it said.
I was like, 'Oh my God, it's working.' I get on a plane and fly out to D.C. This is where it get pretty
sketchy, but it was insane. I go to my meeting...a very specific location in a rock's throw of the
Pentagon...l go to the back of the room at a certain location and there's two guys in suits, waiting at a
table for me. I sit down at the table, and the person I was talking to is one of to people. He goes, 'I think
this would be a good time for you to tell this person what you told me.' I'm sitting there, and in my
mind I'm going, 'Well what do I say? Do I tell him everything I told you or some of the things.? Am I
allowed to tell him that I told you these things, or....l had no idea what to say, so I said, 'OK, I'll just go
for it'...so I went through the exact same pitch. I talked for about 20-something minutes...because they
were just eyeballing me like hawks. At this point, I just don't know. I've never been in this situation
before, so I don't know if I was saying the wrong thing or not. I was just trying to be very respectful and
I went through with it. I finished my speech and the person is just staring at me...these squinting eyes,
you know, the beard, the suit...looks exactly out of an espionage movie...takes a breath and goes, 'Things
like this don't happen at the White House...they don't happen at the Hill. They happen in places like
this, at tables like this where a few men get together and decide to push the ball down the tield.' Then,
the meeting was done...! mean, done...like a movie, done. The very next day, I got sent over to
NASA...the highest levels at NASA...and I decided to do the same thing where I asked everyone to leave.
This one person...) did the pitch one more time, and they said 'You need to meet somebody...so that
person flies out to San Diego, I go to another meeting, get on a conference call, and this person is a very
important...in the military...can't say which branch...but the highest level of rank. Then, after they left
that particular branch of the military, they did something very important for another agency. That
person said, 'Come fly and meet me up here in San Francisco'...within the next 48 hours...so I got on a
plane and I go there. Now, I'm sitting on NASA's Ames Research Center, and I go through my whole
pitch again. This person stops me and goes, 'I just want you to know I'm a skeptic on this stuff' and I
said, 'I understand that, sir, I knew you would say that, but let me just continue to tell you what I'm
trying to do.' Twenty minutes later...'I just want you to know I'm a skeptic'. I know you are...you already
said that.' By the time I got to concluding what this project would be, he's just staring at me and then,
he takes a deep breath and says, 'Introduce him to the general.' I was like, 'Who's that?' and they were
both just staring at me because there was this guy right next to him...a very serious guy...and all of a
sudden, on my e-mail 2 hours later, I'm talking to somebody that has changed the entire course of this
whole project...so I get on the phone with that person that same evening and go through the same
situation...trying to walk through what I'm trying to do and how I plan to do it. This person goes, 'I want
you to know I'm a skeptic on this stuff, and I go, 'Sir, I knew you would say that, but let me explain a
little bit more'...so I walked through it again. Then, the person ays, 'I've just got to say it...l'm a
skeptic'...it was verbatim...they all do it.

Knapp...They all do it...

TD... But on the third time, he goes, 'I swore an oath to my country' and I said, 'Sir, I know you did and
I'm not asking you to give me classified information. I don't deserve it...but I think if you understand
what I'm about to do with this project, you may think it deserves your attention.' Then he goes, 'I'm
afraid what you might find is a bunch of men in suits, standing around an elephant.' I said, 'I was afraid
you were going to say that, but can you help me?' He says, 'Fly out and meet me'...and that's where...

Knapp...That's where things get interesting...

TD...This is where things get interesting...so I fly out...

Knapp...Tom, we're going to take a break in a minute. You're about to get into some really good stuff.
We'll save it to the other side. I should say without giving too much away...you and I had some
conversations along the way, too, and I heard your pitch evolve and it got pretty good. After a while you
got pretty practiced at it. Maybe we'll hear a little bit more about the pitch in the next segment, and
you can tell us about the general.

Tom, before the break I mentioned your pitch...what is the basic message? What are you telling them
you can offer that hasn't been offered to them before?

TD...I think for the first time, somebody coming in that has a pretty serious academic background on the
subject of the UFO phenomenon. Somebody that also has a recognizable name and a specific type of
voice that speaks to a specific demographic. Also someone that comes in with a tremendous amount of
respect and modesty when dealing with guys...not just some Hollywood prick. I'm treating the material
the way it needs to be treated...with my first conversations with these guys. And last, once they gave
me a little bit, I executed exactly the way I said I would, and I think that kept building, in their minds, a
great case to work with me.

Knapp...So they dribbled something out to see how you'd handle it?

TD...They did. They would dribble it out and I would take it, incorporate it, make sure I ran everything by
them like I said I would...say, 'We're doing this piece of non-fiction. Here's the first couple of chapters.
Remember I told you I was doing that'...or'Here's the novel...we talked about the novel. I want you to
read the first part of the novel...Sir, is it OK if I do it this way?'...or this...and it just kept going and going.
Then, I think what really clenched it was... Actually, I should back up here... When I got connected to the
general, that was a big, big breakthrough, and before I talk a little bit more about how I got more trust
from these guys, what happened is... I was up at NASA Ames, got connected to a very specific person,
and that person had me fly out and meet them. So...this is where it gets really interesting... I go out to a
certain city, land at the airport, and walk through security. I meet this person, who takes me to a
restaurant that's just past security. I go to the back of the restaurant, where there's nobody around,
and sit in a booth for two hours. While we're sitting there, he leans across the table and this is the very
first words that were said to me... 'It was the Cold War, and every single day we lived under the threat of
nuclear war. Every single day we believed and really thought in the deepest part of
                                            1


our souls that nuclear war could happen at any given moment.' Then he stopped, and goes,
'Somewhere in those years'...he looked me in the eye... '...we found a life form, and everything we did
and every decision we made with that life form was because of the consciousness at that time.' I said,
'Sir, when taking into account things this life form has done...for example, turning our nuclear weapons
on and readying them for launch'...a Thele interrupted me, puts his finger in my face and says, '
   ere are eroes in Russia...heroes...and under grave risk to himself and to his country, they did not fire
back.' At that moment I realized it had already started...this new game I was in...working with people in
like a dance of words and information was already coming. There was no small talk...we cidn't just sit
down and say, 'Hey, let's have a beer and get to know each other.'

Knapp...Let's jump back to that conversation. It was the Cold War. He's given you the setting for how
the cover-up...or what we call the cover-up...began.

TD...Yeah, so this is very important for people to remember and this is where I'm so excited to start
chopping down all these pathetic conspiracies that I was involved with, as well. It was the Cold War.
He's saying that every day they really thought about the annihilation of all mankind with these weapons
that were hundreds or thousands of times bigger than what we dropped on Japan and we had 20,000
each of those things...and all of a sudden something falls on their laps that's just extraordinary. Even
further than that...if you really hear what I'm saying about the nuclear weapons...the UFO's were turning
our weapons on...and just so Russia could pick up that we're firing our missiles, and fire theirs first. It
was a big chess game. So these guys went into complete secrecy to start coming up with a defense
system against this phenomenon. Now, I try to tell people some analogies on this. Imagine if someone
from the CIA came to your house, sat on your couch, and said, 'Hey, I want to tell you about that nuclear
weapon that they tried to smuggle in through Canada about two months ago. I also want to tell you
about this virus that almost got released in Los Angeles.' They're not going to do that...because they're
going to be busy trying to figure out...find the people who did it or seal off the borders or to come up
with a game plan to get better defensive measures across our country...whatever they're doing. That's
how this is...how big this issue is. They're not worried if you and I totally understand because they're
too bvudy trying to understand it and come up with a way to defend against it...and at the same time,
they really want people to understand...to know these things, but they don't want it to mess up their
efforts. The more I started to find out, I thought it was a pretty heroic tale...that these were really good
men and women. Do you know that in that first conversation that I had with that general...during the
two hours...) mean, I didn't leave the airport...it was a crazy meeting...during that, he must have brought
up 'what was best for 'The Republic'...best for the 'Free Republic'...he brought up probably eight
different times. It's very, very, very important to these men...what is best for the United States, as a free
country, free-thinking men, and the Republic that we built. They're not these crazies running, trying
to...they're not war-mongers...very smart. This person has multiple PhD's. I wish ai could tell you who
he is and...there was nobody above him...nobody...maybe a couple...but when you look at the divisions
of how the Department of Defense works in this specific division, it's just extraordinary that I have this
contact. I started using that as much as I could. Taking it from that point, we talked for 2
Hours, and I said, 'Sir, I need an advisory committee', and we walked through what I need and want. He
went out and got the advisors for me. What was real ly interesting about this...l started getting advisors
that were in different areas... people that deal with space... intelligence...bio-warfare. Stuff you wouldn't
necessarily think I should need, but I got. Now, I have the ability to start pulling these people together
and I have this one really interesting contact out in Washington, D.C. that was connected to the highest
levels of government...that's how I can say it. So I was able to pull off a coup in regards to what anybody
in this field has ever been able pull off...a conversation with...not only my advisors...the most important
group of the advisors.., but and somebody representing basical ly, the highest levels of the land...talking
about...how do we do something to help the youth understand that this is a reality...but that they're
doing really good work and they could use the citizens of the United States' understanding as to why it's
been kept secret, and that they're not doing it out of malicious reasons. They're doing it because it's an
ongoing task...an ongoing issue, and they don't fully understand it yet...but they're trying their hardest,
spending lots of money, and having the brightest minds that they can find...and they're building
things...having breakthrough's that I think, frankly, we would all be incredibly proud of as a nation...of
what they've done.

Knapp...Obviously, it's a spin. They're telling you a version that they want told, but it's the story you
wanted to tell. Part of your pitch to them is...'Look, you guys look bad...especially to young people, who
think there's been a cover-up on this subject.' People are demanding full disclosure. There's a growing
movement and a growing call for that. You guys painted yourself into a corner, it's time to look for a way
out, and this is one.' So obviously, you're concerned that you're being used, aren't you?

TD...Well, you know what? People have asked me that. I'll say no...and let me tell you why...because I
sought these people out, I asked them a very direct question, and I got a very direct answer. There is
no, 'Hey, why don't you say this?'...'Have you ever thought of this?' I don't get information for no
reason at all. It's a very formal approach, the way I do things. I'll say, 'Why has it been kept secret?' In
the book, the craft that our pilot character learns how to fly...is a real craft. I'll say, 'Sir, I need guidance
on the science of this'...and I will get that answer back. I'm not tryint to make this project convince
people of the reality of the phenomenon. I'm doing the project to tell people the reasons it'sd bveing
kept secret and what it's kept...what they're dealing with...the breakthroughs that we had. I think the
specific things that I've always wanted to know...and if I think everybody learns these things, they're
going to feel a hell of a lot more proud about our country, the department of Defense, and what they're
doing... because this one subject deals with religion, cosmology, physics, science, secrecy, the way we
run our country, relationships we have with other countries, relationships with countries we're not
supposed to have relationships with, but we actually kind of still do because of this issue. And that's just
empowering. It's real ly empowering to know...for the whole next generation of people that are going to
grow up and take over...all these countries...and we're all long gone...l think this kind of subject can unify
in so many areas beyond so many other subjects that are out there.

Knapp...Did you get the sense that this group had ever met before...was in regular communication?
TD...The main...who I refer to as the General...) know has dealings with all these people...most of them,
out of the 10, at a certain time. Some of them, no. Some of them I got through a different route. The
way I look at it...it's interesting, when you look at the way the government is set up when it goes...in
subjects like this...and then, you look at the way it's managed...it makes perfect sense. WE all group
up...you know, thinking Majestic 12 and the Secret Shadow Government...it's not really like that. You
have groups within the military, doing R&D...coming up with and analyzing intelligence...there's the
National Reconnaissance Office, analyzing higher electro-magnetic spectrum of space...and they'll see
things buzzing around and doing stuff. They take that down and the air material command will look at
stuff and say, ' Ok, what do we build to defend against that?' The research labs will say, 'OK, this is how
we'll build it'...and the CIA will have a bunch of guys that are analyzing abduction report or cattle
mutilations or other things that are happening in the real world. All these divisions are all doing their
own stuff. There's probably a very, very, very small group of people, sitting at the top and putting it all
together. I was told that ...I asked a very specific question...'Sir, is there anybody standing back and
looking at the big pictured? You have abductions...cattle mutilations...spacecraft zipping through
orbit...these crashes...all these things.' At one point it was, 'No...lt's a grab-bag of scientists. Nobody's
looking at the big picture'...which is really interesting to me, because I wonder if...and I don't' know all
the answers yet, and I'm still taking my time, asking the right questions...but it makes me almost feel
like...you know, some crazy things happened back in the '20's, '30's, and '40's, we put together a really
strong effort to study this stuff, but I think most of the stuff has been out of reach, so we don't have
some major MJ 12 program per se. I think we have many programs, dealing with different aspects of
this when they happen...when a crash happens. Let me tell you a conversation I had. I flew out to
Colorado Springs, where Air Force Space Command is...and also, the Air Force Academy. I was sitting on
the deck of a very highly ranked person. We brought in one of my advisors...then, we brought in
another advisor that...l'm trying to figure out ways to tell who these guys are...but, at the highest rank,
again. I said, 'I'm going to be talking about the crashes in the '40's. There's a pause and he says, 'Why
just the '40's'...gets you thinking just a little bit...and then, they said, 'Well, what do you need?' I said,
'Well I think I need someone from the Defense Intelligence Agency.' They said, 'Why?' I say, 'Well, I
don't want to make anyone angry...l'm not looking to piss anyone off...l'm not looking to ruffle feathers
or break a story. I think, if I do my project correctly, it'll do good'...and they take a pause and they're
looking at me. Now I'm thinking, 'What did ai say wrong?' and what do you mean?' He says, 'You've
been given permission. Now shut the @##$ up and get to work.' It was very serious and I have these
two guys...once again, you can count the stars on their shoulders...staring at me. I realize, Oh my
God...that's when I realized two other people that I met, that were working with me...who they really
were...not just by their rank, but who they really were in context with the whole UFO subject is. It's an
exciting place to be, but still nerve-wracking.

Knapp...We mentioned at the beginning about John Podesta. You've interviewed Podesta...that's public
information...publicly known...l don't know if you're saying that he's one of your advisors, but if so, that


                                                                                                            zt
would be the only name that has been known. But I want to point out, that, as far as political and
partisan connections, he would be the only one linked to any candidate or office-holder in your group,
right?

TD...John Podesta is in my documentary and my docu-series. I think he's somebody that everybody
needs to watch. That's all I'm going to say.

Knapp...Like I said before, I have in my mind...you said there's no MJ13-type organization. I have in my
mind a smoke-filled room and it's like 'Specter' from the James Bond movie...but there's no
meetings...'Hay, everybody, let's get together...you're MJ1, you're MJ2 . That doesn't happen. It's
compartmentalization, which is pretty much what you would expect to happen with a topic like this.

TD...Right, and I'm not going to say that I don't know if there is a group of 12 guys...10 guys...20
guys...that manage all of it. I haven't asked that specific question, yet. I've asked a lot of questions. In
the docu-series, you're going to start to see all those. I'm going to start presenting all that stuff and
laying it out in chronological order, and people are going to learn a hell of a lot, but I haven't asked, 'Is
there a small group that manages this other than what I told you a few minutes ago, where I said, 'Is
anybody standing back and looking at the big picture?' It seems to me that...you've got to think about
this UFO phenomenon...

Knapp...Hold on a moment ,Tom. That's the Fu-fighters...that's what people used to call UFO's before
they called them UFO's... back with more of Tom DeLonge's disclosures here, including some of the 'Big
Picture' stuff. Who are these visitors? Where are they form..what are they up to? Whatever he can tell
us, coming up next...

Knapp...How do you know you're not being used or led down a path?

TD...I think that's a good question. Number 1— These guys didn't search me out. I haven't anybody in
my advisory group that just kind of came out of nowhere and said, 'Hey, I really want to give you
something.' It didn't work that way. It was through really interesting channels...how I met them...some
of whom I've built relationships with...some are very close and came from...in very sanitized ways. They
don't have an interest in lying to me...they're not...if I was working with a big group from the CIA, I
would be very weary of it, but all my guys are...the channels they work in...l should say guys and
girls...but the places they work and the divisions they work in are more science-based...engineering-
based...and defense-based...and something else I can't say...

Knapp...So they're not necessarily professional spooks who deal with stirring the pot and misleading
people. You know they're real, though. You've checked out the credentials...you know that they work
in the places....?

TD...Oh, absolutely, because I've been to the places and I even attempted to read something one of
these guys did, and it was like 20 pages of equations. You would think it was a joke...it was their
dissertation for their PhD. It's insanity, the level of how these guys operate. I don't want to say they're
not intel ligent. It's just the type of intel ligence arm they're in is not counter-intelligence-based. I don't
want to say what it is, but it's space intelligence.

Knapp...And what is the operating agreement...what agreement do you have with them? You don't
reveal their names or personal information about them. Do you have to clear the stuff that you release?

TD...Absolutely, and I ask for permission...l'm not going to say who they are..l'm not going to ever put at
risk anything that...and also, too, by the way, things they tell me I have to release a certain way,
respectfully and in drips. I set up a bunch of parameters of how I'll put this information into this project
and how I put it out there so it does a couple of things...it doesn't scare people and it gets traction with
 oung adults...that's a very important point.

Knapp...You know what you're up against, though. People will say, 'Look, this guy's a rock musician.
They're not going to tell this stuff to him, or they're going to tel l him stuff that they have plausible
deniability. Part of that is the appeal, right, that if they wanted to...if this goes wrong, they can discredit
you or deny.

TD...Well, they can do that to anybody, I mean, they do that to presidents, you know? You're talking
about levels of power that we can't comprehend as civilians. Frankly, I don't care if anyone doesn't
believe me. I'm in the middle of something very important. I've just got to do what I said I'd do, and I
think, if I do it right, it's going to have some real ly good effects and hopefully ignite other things that can
happen within this discussion. You know, plausible deniability is something the government has always
done. It's the way they operate, especially when they want to put out very serious information. With
this topic what they've done is...leak things over the past 60 years, and create ridicule for people that
may believe it. That way, everyone kind of hears the stuff...you hear about the Roswell crash, but you're
not really scared about it because chances are, it may not be real, but maybe it could be real.

Knapp...Like Area 51...flying saucers out at S4.

TD...Yeah, exactly. It's all that stuff they want you to know. The reason we talk about it is because they
chose for us to hear about it ...and the reason we kind of laugh it off is because, by design, that's how
                                                                                                          r
they do it...but they want people to know. They don't like the fact that they have to do all of this
without people knowing what they're doing and how hard they're working at it. What I said to a few of
them is...'You know what this would do. It would change who we elect in office...the amount of money
we appropriate and allocate to these programs...we'd have the biggest space program that we've ever
had, thousands of times bigger than Apollo, and it would be part defense and part ex loratiQs.~.ancL
people would run to be a part of it and help. It would be like the day after 911, where everyone wanted
to join the military...because people knew what the stakes were. If they just knew what these guys are
telling me...once people know this stuff...if it really caught fire and everyone knew that this was real...it
would completely change everything....how we operate as a country...in partnership with other
countries...what our civilization is doing. Don't forget that we have cracked gravity. We have built
machines that have anti-gravity...and yes, I was told that. It's a big deal.

Knapp...Let's talk about some of the stuff you were told...that you can share. The biggest
question...who are they? I said in the introduction that some people...your group...refer to them...not as
aliens or visitors...they refer to them as 'The Others'. Is there significance in using that term?

TD...I don't know the significance of 'The Others', but 'the phenomenon' is not used...'aliens' is not
used...it's 'The Others'. The way it's explained to me is that they are gods...with the little 'g'. The entire
UFO phenomenon is about multiple gods that fight among themselves and, by design, factionalize
mankind into different religions...to step back and let us fight each other. It has other things it wants to
accomplish, and we don't notice them because we're too involved, fighting each other...and they know
that. Our government knows that 'The Others' are instigating war amongst mankind. The other issue
is...these gods...you've got to look back at ancient history...all those stories about the gods that came
down and did this and that...it's all true. I'll get into that in the docu-series. There's some of that I don't
want to get into tonight. The government is very aware that this intelligence is pitting different
countries against each other, based on religion, on purpose...and it's a scary scenario. It's a multiple-
front war we're fighting, because now we have to worry about each other and 'The Others'. That's part
of the reason for the secrecy. WE don't want everyone knowing our vulnerabilities...or the
advancements we've made to protect everyone against multiple adversaries.

Knapp...Well, multiple adversaries...some of them being humans...the Russians. You mentioned earlier,
an incident. We've reported some of these kinds of incidents. I personally investigated them in
Russia...Russian ICBM's being activated after UFO's were over a base... that readied the launch, but
somebody else is controlling them. We know we've had incidents like that in our country. Is it
somebody just messing with us?

TD...Yeah, absolutely, and the scary thing is...the way it's been told to me is that we are trying to keep it
secret so we don't initiate a conflict where other people aren't 'considering the manipulations of the
others'. It's like this really touchy dance that we've been doing for 60 years...trying to figure out who is
being manipulated, as a country, more than the other...not'The Others', but we just know that when
you look at places...you've got to look at this, for example...go back to when Bush came out and was
talking about Iran and North Korea and the Axis of Evil. That's our government making a blanket
statement that they're really concerned about these areas. Then you kind of go deeper into parts of the
government that know about the UFO phenomenon...the ones they call 'The Others'...the ones who are
influencing countries...the ones that are, by design, or maybe by accident, having to crash a very
advanced piece of technology in the country's borders so that they make better weapons to fight bigger
wars...and we're not the only ones that have had a crash. So when we make big statements about North
Korea or Iran or China it's because we're aware that those places are being manipulated and have very
advanced technologies now. We're trying to keep everyone calm and not initiate a conflict. We're
looking kind of over our left shoulder and our right shoulder at the same time every once in a
while...trying to tell everybody about it, but we can't really tell everybody about it. I think that once
people know this kind of stuff...in whatever form...if they came out and told everybody this, for the
White House, I just think people would want to help. I think people would say, 'Oh my God.' It's all
been secret for completely different reasons than ego-based reasons...like 'they don't want me to know'
or 'I can't handle it'...'they think they're better than me'. that has nothing to do with it. It's an act of
war.

Knapp...So the overall picture that we get...filling in the blanks from what you've said tonight...is that
something sort of dropped in our laps back at the beginning of the Cold War...and the same kind of thing
seems to have dropped in the laps of the Russians, and maybe others.

TD...And quote, 'potentially just to see who was stronger'...and that's a scary thing. That's a quote...and
we don't know...but that's literally how these guys have to think.

Knapp...lt's like a multi-level chess game or something.

TD...That's exactly what it is. It's a multi-level chess game...and they have to sit back and go, 'What is
the reason they just happen to have had a crash here? What is the reason there's a huge religious war
going on right now? What is the reason that, all of a sudden, China's defense budget has quadrupled in
the past few years?' It's all these things...and I think that creates a pretty stressful picture. The other
thing is...they can't come out and tell everybody that all these religions that are firing all over the planet
for the past thousands of years are based off things they saw in the sky. That's going to hit hard at
home for a lot of people. It's going to be hard to digest.

Knapp...You know, Charles Forte, the founder of the Fortean Movement, said, after all the years of
strange stories that he collected, he feels that we're property. As an adjunct to that, right when I first
started chasing these mysteries, there was a book called, Gods of Eden, by a guy named William
Brantley, who wrote it, and then, just kind of went away...which sort of painted the picture that we are
like cattle...an agricultural product. If you wanted to know why there might be reasons why some of the
big picture is kept from us...l mean, people say they're ready to know the full picture. I'm not sure they
are.

TD...Yeah...l don't know if people are, either. I do know, as of two weeks ago...you know, we all have
suspicions about cattle mutilations being involved with the phenomenon. I do know that, yes,
absolutely, they are. In just a couple of days, they found 10 or 20 elk, lined up in the snow, with their
jaws cored up and their genitals all cut out, and their blood was missing...the same, exact thing that's
been happening for decades. That's creepy...demonic...evil, weird scientific dark stuff going on...and it's
been happening for a very long time. I think it would scare people that we might be property...that we
might be...
Knapp...Harvested...

TD... Yeah...you've got to look at the big picture. What's happening right now is that everyone believes
something different about God. We're all killing each other over it, and we all have advanced weaponry
based off crashes that just happened to fall on our borders. Then, while we're doing that, these things
are zipping around...doing weird things with animals...weird things with people in abductions...trying to
accomplish something. You and I have had discussions about the pain, anger, and emotional energy
of...maybe there's something there...something that they're interested in...the emotional side of
things...which is hard to think of, but it's still energy, you know.

Knapp...) can hear people sort of gnashing their teeth...thinking 'Well, this can't be true, therefore it
isn't'...which is sort of the same approach people have taken to UFO's, in general...' I don't think it's true,
therefore I'm not going to give it any thought. It can't be true and so I've made up my mind.' I get the
feeling you're going to run into a lot of that.

TD...We might, you know...or I might. I'm not stupid. I didn't walk off a gigantic rock-and-rol l stage that
was really easy living to jump into something that's very dangerous...deals in national security...and
meet with a bunch of people in very clandestine ways...to write a bunch of very expensive, labor-
intensive books...and make a bunch of very risky movies with a bunch of people in Hollywood that are
basically sometimes hard to get along with...because it's a different culture than I'm use to. I didn't do
all of that because I'm dumb. I didn't do all of it for fame. People have to realize that....) think a lot of
my fans know this stuff...that when I'm into something, I jump in at first and go all the way with it. This
has got to be the most important thing I've ever done...and if it works the way that I think it can work, it
could be paradigm-shifting. I was talking to someone the other day who you connected me with about
creating a user-generated way to ask my advisors questions...from the people who so badly want
answers...who've been studying this stuff for decades, like myself. I've asked some very, very big
questions. I think getting people involved and pushing questions my way to get some answers~.l th k c
would be really, really cool, and I'm looking forward to that.   £~LV1                             ~

Knapp...l want to talk a little bit about the nature of secrecy, and I don't know how far you're willing to
go on that. We've got a minute before the break. You'd agree that osme of the thins kept secret should
not be...there are no legitimate reasons for it, right?

TD...Oh absolutely, I definitely think that. I was told that in the White House they would stamp...this is
actually in John Podesta's interview...he says, 'We would stamp things 'Top Secret' just to make sure
someone read it.' People were so inundated with documents...even in the White House...they'd say,
'Just put 'Top Secret' on it. It'll make sure everyone wil l read that memo.' So there's a lot of things that
don't need to be secret. When Hillary Clinton was on 'Jimmy Kimmel' the other night, saying, 'Hey, let's
release all these UFO files except for the ones that have national security implications'...it's going to be
hard. There's going to be a lot of UFO stuff that they can't release because..like I said...it's an act of war.
It is...it is a war...and it gets hot at times...something they're dealing with every single day.
I was told there's a very interesting story...(break)...

Knapp...Before the break, you were going to tell us about something dramatic that happened 36 months
ago...what is it?

TD...There was an alert that went out...that all our weapons...the weapons that are at the tip of the
spear for NATO...that over a third of them were simultaneously being shut down within our oceans by
UFO's...zipping around and shutting these things down. There's actually another part of the story and
the mechanisms by which...that keep a lot of those online come from space...and those mechanisms in
space are being shut down at the same time...so it has to do with space and the oceans. I know
somebody who had to go into a very secure location...go through all these different levels of security to
go to another hidden location where there was a guy in a suit that says, 'You're going to lead the
investigation on this and figure out what went wrong. The team that was put together for it was first-
year soldiers...a communications soldier and an enlisted guy. The whole point was that they didn't want
to find the answers. So when NATO comes asking and all the countries come asking, 'Who's shutting
down all our weapons?' We ran an investigation...we had this hot team that we put together...and it
was just a big cover. They're actively working on it, but they don't want people to know what the real
work is.

Knapp...What makes me worry even more is whether it could be the Russians...that they've got some
technology that 'The Others' gave them just to mess with us.

TD...Well that is part of the story and it's a very, very specific and clear part of the story I've been
given...that I will be communicating...and that will be in the books...in the docu-series I'll talk about that
quite a lot. There is a major advancement that Russia has...we have...China has...based technology that
has either been given by design or given by accident. From everything I'm hearing it seems to look like it
was given by design. Once again...like I told you earlier...quote, 'to see who is the stronger '...and that's
a scary thought...to give weaponry like that and step back and say, 'Now, go kill each other and we'll
work with the ones who are left over.' You said it the best. It's a crazy-complex game of chess that's
going on.

Knapp...You know, we've been in this a long time and I've been right there pounding the pulpit along
with everybody else...'We're ready for disclosure. Tell us the truth...end this cover-up.' You have to step
back and wonder sometimes, is that the case. The longer people are in this field...some of the
colleagues that I've worked with over the years...people whose opinions I respect the most...all sort of
gravitate to that position...'Hey, maybe this is not such a good idea'... because this stuff could be
profoundly disturbing... to get the full picture that we might be an agricultural product...that there's
some kind of entity that might as well be a god. I'm thinking about the stories at Skinwalker Ranch that
we've written about, where this thing, at best is ambivalent, but it can do all kinds of stuff. It seems to
feed off of fear...it can be very dark and threatening at times. I remember laughing at those who would
say, 'That's not alien...it's demons'. I couldn't laugh any more. I'm not so sure about that.
TD...There' a very, very strong link between what people think demons are, from the Bible and other
religions, and the UFO phenomenon. What you have is something that doesn't like man,
period...something that feels either jealous of or has some kind of plan for what man is to be.

 That just makes it that much worse when you think about it. I have a quote here I should read...this is
form one of the advisors...'Would the link of aliens creating man, who then created God to keep us in
our place, be something worth keeping sekret?...(mind you, sekret with a 'k', which is how we do
'Sekret Machine')...I think so. We're talking about the biggest institutions on the planet and the world's
greatest religions. It's bigger than just the big, bad U.S. government...and going back to the Greeks...
and including Russians and Germans...make it sufficiently global across centuries. Maybe evidence of
disappeared ancient cultures...Easter Island, the Maya, Inca...that's evidence of those who did not obey,
thus encouraging the secret to be kept. And could the story of all, through how men...different groups
of men...exploited this technology to see how the entire secret is uncovered, re-writing world history
and shattering many of our most well-regarded and holy institutions. Except this time, when they come
to wipe us out like the other ones, we are actually ready for them, and that readiness is another
example of why things have been kept quiet for so long and has been a strange international
partnership indeed.'

Knapp... But now, they're allowing some of it to dribble out. I would hope that some of your advisors will
be listening tonight.

TD...I'm telling you that this whole story...l remember when I got this specific communication. It made
me feel more empowered. We think there's this crazy conspiracy going on and this big cover-up...and
maybe, to some effect that's what you can call it...but really, this is the sequence of events. In Germany,
they had some crashes and started doing some advanced work. Right after WWII we had some
crashes...maybe Russia had some crashes. Everyone factionalizes around that period of time. Maybe
China had some crashes. We cover the whole thing up, no one really knows about it. What we really
did...we went into these incredibly secret places underground...whatever these bases are...and we
started working like crazy...with the brightest minds...huge amounts of money...with passion, resilience,
everything at our disposal to come up with a way to protect everybody...anti-gravity craft...different
weapons in space...psychological operations that we play on the public. I think part of the cover-up is a
psychological operation so the UFO occupants, themselves, still think we know nothing about them...and
I think that's part of the plan...everything has been a big chess game to make 'The Others' not know how
far along we've gotten to fight back, and I think that is something that people need to know. Once again,
I'm going to keep saying the same thing over and over again. I think once people learn this stuff, they're
going to lose a lot of cynicism about the government.

Knapp... Let's take a couple of calls...

Q...Re: CES Protocols and Tom's experience out in the desert.
TD... years ago, Jacque Valet, an astrophysicist from France, the godfather of UFOlogy,...in his book,
Invisible College, he talks about that same thing happening...a guy that can meditate and make these
things show up. He brought the guy to the Pentagon and out the window...) think it was a colonel or
something...the guy made a UFO show up, and it's in his book. I happen to know a guy that can do that.
I'm hoping, and have every reason to believe, that he wi l l be in the documentary...and do it for us. He's
a kid... ) think 22 years old...lives in Los Angeles. He goes out every Sunday and makes these orbs appear.
These little machines...drones or whatever...just sit there and wait for somebody to do that meditation
protocol...then, if it senses the frequency of somebody wanting to see it, it de-cloaks itself for people to
see. This kid does it every Sunday. I've met him before and I've seen al l the videos...they video it every
time they go out. It's crazy.

When I went camping, my experience was so odd...and I said earlier, I've read about it before...and what
do I think it was? Yeah, I definitely think it was something to do with this entire
phenomenon...absolutely...somebody else witnessed it with me. The other person slept right through it.
I think there's something to do with meditation, and the way the brain works when you meditate, that
has something to do with this phenomenon. We have a tendency to cal l it inter-dimensional and
supernatural, but really, if we look up and see a bunch of stars in the sky...but if we put on real ly
expensive night vision goggles, we see mi llions more stars. That's not supernatural. It's just a lot of light
that your eyes can't pick up...it's all sti ll there. This phenomenon is very real. It's machines with living
things in these machines, and they're doing very physical things. They just move very fast. They might
be a bit invisible because of the way the machine works...but the whole thing with consciousness...you
know, I posed a very interesting question to my advisor...one of the 10 advisors I have...about a week
ago, when they found gravity. I thought about it a little bit and sent a message over, saying, 'Is gravity
consciousness? Is that what gravity is?'... you know, the one thing that binds the universe together, but
it's also the hardest thing to check, but the most powerful thing there is. Maybe it's the exact same
thing. When they found gravity and announced it in the press, I got a very specific communication from
the advisors that said, 'This is going to open up doors for you.' When I think about consciousness and
meditation and these things popping up, and gravity having something to do with how they fly around,
there's something really interesting about that, and that's all coming out.

Knapp...Yeah, there's a lot of high-level interest in exactly those topics. It sounds crazy and exotic, but
some of the brightest people I know are thinking exactly along those lines.

Q..Mentions Dr. Greer and the CE5 groups around the world that are doing the protocols.

'Most of the things you talked about are already very wel l-known, and I suspect you may not be aware
that the question is letting the public see it. There have been 10 or 15 movies that have done exactly
what you're trying to do...but the public doesn't get to see them except occasionally on cable TV. 'The
Hidden Hand' is one movie that comes to mind, but there are another 10. I don't know whether you've
had the time to look at all these other things. My question is, 'How are you going to get any better
distribution of your material...which, I believe, is the same as we've seen... to the public any more than
they're getting now. The cable companies have turned off all the UFO shows. They've been taken off all
the on-demand. Do you think you're going to get distribution? Can you stop the CIA from blocking
distribution and the men in black from...

Knapp...All right, let's hear the answer...thank you, Robert.

TD...I appreciate everything he said. I know of all the videos. I speak to Linda Howe all the time...not all
the time, but quite a number of times. I know a lot of the researchers...l've read all the hundrecs of
books out there. I'm very familiar with everything he's talking about. The difference with my
project...basically you're asking what information I'm giving that isn't already out there...and the second
thing is 'How am I going to get my stuff out there and have it not be shut down or how am I going to get
it out there on a large level?' The stuff that's being given to me ... who they are, what they're doing, and
why it's being kept secret...what pieces are connected to it. The difference is...l'm getting direct answers
about specific things. All this stuff exists out there in some form, but nobody knows how to traverse the
information and pull out what's fact. Nobody knows. You can go out there and read 200 books, but all
you have is 200 books worth of information and you have not a damn clue if it's fact or not. What I'm
doing is getting the very big questions answered. Then, I'm taking that and...the second part of what
you asked was 'how am I going to get it out there'. Because of what I've done for a living, who I'm
represented by, and how I work within the entertainment industry I'm just able to do it at a different
level...and the fact that I'm working with these people within the government...l'm able to bring
something of extreme and different value to entertainment companies...studios...productions
companies...and it goes a long way. What we haven't said is...the docu-series I'm doing...about how I
met these guys...the information that I'm going to be telling people...and the entire project...we are
doing with a major network ...I can't announce who that is just yet, but I think that's going to help give
the kind of stamp of credibility that everybody's going to hope this project has.

Knapp...) guess maybe where Robert was heading with that question was whether...if they pull the rug
out from under you. Somebody could change their mind.

TD...Well they could, and you know as well as (...some of our off-line conversations...we're playing with
something that's much bigger than us...we've got to be respectful and careful. My story here is, once
people know what's going on, no one's going to be vilifying anything they've done. They're going to
want to help. The very first thing I was told at NASA as that this is a very good time for this...to quote, 'a
very, very good time for this project'...so I'm sensing good things.

Knapp...Well that's sort of how we started the conversation this evening...the idea that somebody has
flipped a light switch...we don't' know exactly for sure why it's a good time, but I'm glad that we're able
to talk about it. In a moment we'll open the phone lines again after a break...

Q...secret stuff going on at China Lake...
TD...(One of Tom's band members (Scott) is from that area)His dad worked on some incredible special
access programs. I tried to pry into that box a couple of times...Scott and (...early on maybe my pitch
wasn't so good...but he definitely is somebody that worked on some really cool stuff.

Knapp...) would add that China Lake...at least from what people have told me...has a lot of really
interesting connections to this particular topic...and to Area 51...some of the same people go back and
forth, but I can't quote any specifics on it.

Q...Why are you still alive, getting this sort of important, secret information, when others have been
killed in the same process?

TD...I'm already in the middle of meeting with some of the same networks that you're talking about, and
I hope we can end up in a place that's elevated like that. It's a whole new frontier in television and film.
There's a lot of different places. You never would have thought a place like Amazon would have been
one of the best networks to be on...you never would have thought Netflix would have been. Now
Showtime's kind of considered cooler...and HBO is the coolest thing for a while. It constantly changes,
so I'm pretty confident we'll end up somewhere good. As far as, 'why was I given this' I touched on this
a little bit earlier... Number 1— I have access to these people because of what I do for a living...so as long
as I don't mention the whole UFO thing, I can pretty much meet whoever...but once I get in there, I'm
very respectful, I'm very passionate, and very knowledgeable about the subject. What you may not have
heard earlier was that I presented a thesis that made its way through the DOD that, in turn, got me a
meeting with someone that was deep in intelligence out in Washington, D.C. It was that thesis and the
academic nature of it that got people interested in talking to me...not only because of who I was, but
because I seemed to have an elevated grasp of the subject matter. After that, the main reason they
continued to work with me and really gathered round in support of the project, was because I executed
it in a way on many different things that are, frankly, pretty hard to do. Over a year and a half, the way
I've done that...releasing everything step-by-step...gathering all these different people from different
places in government...bringing them all together and holding very high-level meetings...between
Washington, D.C. and the people I'm, working with. I think all these things, combined, really created a
canvas for something new to happen....but I do understand it. I get that people are like, 'Why you?You
play in a band. How did you do this?' It's kind of a long story, but that's why. The docu-series that will
be coming out will explain this in more detail.

Knapp...) guess the answer to the question, 'why hasn't he been killed?' is because Tom is doing
something with their OK...at the moment. Whether or not anyone else has been killled for getting too
close to this is..l' not quite sure about that, but thank you...

Q...First, how do you know you're not being used for dis-information...and second, these aliens
crash...that just shows...they can make mistakes. And Bill was on your show, and someone is
lying...because someone came up on that cattle mutilation and said he saw a human head and a hand in
that cow..and Bill said it was because he got too close taking pictures from the hotel room...of airplanes
flying into Area 51. He was taking those serial number; and somebody told him that he was getting too
close to these...you know, bovine serum is close to human serum, and he said that he was getting too
close ad upset people that, to quote, were 'bigger than you, meaner than you, and ugly'.

Knapp...You've asked several questions...let's give Tom a chance to tackle them. The first one was, 'How
do you know you're not being used for dis-information?'

TD...Because of the conditions of how I met these people, how I brought them together, and the way the
relationship works. I know exactly who they are...their full bio's...their current positions...and they're
not counter-intel ligence people.

Knapp...You sought them out, right?

TD...It would be a different situation if they were different people. The second thing about the
religious wars...there are sti ll religious wars going on, obviously, today, nd based on people's very, very
deep belief systems...where we've been over in the Middle East for a very long period of time, and there
are some really horrible things going on over there. Then, mentioning UFO's being fallible, that might be
the case. They might be fallible, or they might be crashing on purpose. The way it's been explained to
me...either by accident or by design, the effect of those crashes is giving greater weapons of war to
people that are fighting each other on the planet, meaning our country against this country or a country
against this group that has this belief system...and that is what they're looking at. It's not so much how
it crashed, but more like what are the effects of it? I think that's what makes it a little more scary.

Knapp...On the point of cattle mutilations, I don't think your group is saying that al l cattle muti lations are
carried out by aliens... The Others. We've had some discussions on the program before...that there
might other folks who are op rating under the umbrella of that stuff...very human...people who are
carrying out similar operations for their own purposes, but did you get any insight on the cattle
mutilation stuff?

TD...Yes, I did, but I go on for very specific...people are going to be very, very emotional about al l this
stuff, especial ly if you spent your whole life reading a I the conspiracy stuff out there about UFO's and
you think you have the whole picture because you read all these books or al l the websites. You're
absolutely sure this is how it is...because I saw this weird website...talked about this one thing. I'm not
out to prove that this stuff's real. I'm out to tell people answers to very specific questions...so when it
comes to the cattle mutilations, I go and ask a very specific question about those and get a very specific
answer...yes it is the UFO phenomenon doing it...but don't go in there and say, 'Wel l, how many are
real.... and when they find gas masks, are you guys dropping those of just to make people think it's al l
humans and no one gets scared. I don't get into all those details. I don't use these people...they're too
important to deal with my laundry list of thousands of questions that I wish I could ask.

Q...What about the Bible talking about UFO's being demonic, and also, the profit factor in al l the things
presented today...books, movies, etc. on UFO's...the money motivation?
people that I am being told to communicate...that were given types of information from these gods. It's
insane to think about that. I don't have all the details. I have very specific things I'm supposed to do
and say, and certain questions I have to ask to get more information because it's going to be a very short
discussion for me...just to say what I've been told and not have anything else to go on. I think the point
to really take from all of this is...those stories are true...from the perspective of the people who wrote
them. They differ in different areas of the world a little bit. They call it 'God's different names' or they
side with different gods. The idea that, right now, there's three different monotheistic faiths and the
rivalry between them is by design, period. A communication that I had from a few weeks ago is...
'Human beings have a tendency to organize around religious belief systems as long as there is a priestly
class.'...meaning that human beings will align behind different religions as long as there is a leader fo
that religion that they can kind of call their hero...and our government has known that, and they're
actively trying to come up with a campaign to get people to understand that and not fall into that
deception.

Knapp...Thanks to all the callers. Tom, I appreciate your being here. I guess this was the roll-out.

TD...It was...you know...the 'Rolling Stones' article is going to launch on the 8th of April. Secret Machines
novel is going to all the book stores on April 5th. The clocu-series is going to launch after that. I'm trying
my hardest to get good information to everybody. I'm not going to get told everything, but ther stuff I
have been told is just unreal and makes me excited. I think the people within the DOD are doing some
incredible work and it's damn time they get what they deserve, which is some credit.

Knapp... Tom DeLonge, thanks very much for being here and if your advisors are listening tonight, I hope
there's more to come. Thank you also to A.J. Hartley, who was with us earlier...


TDF...I think, number 1 —The Bible is a very important book...but so are a lot of other religious books
+L..+    .. .++L....,.   \AIL..... ...., . I,...I, ;..+..+L...   ..I:.:.   .-k-   ++,.   +..,+   L-.... +L...   ++..   ...,J~
