{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T17:48:37Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 629993, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122259-the-shocking-truth-ronald-reagn-s-obsession-with-an-alien-invasion-1.pdf", "source_sha256": "c6ae06a94eac3f6b6c530f6c3900bba0ca3e5132f3e04185e968e39b53d896cc"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 377, "chars": 2292, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1988. - UFo
UNIVERSE
Kecegan
THE
SHOCKING
TRUTH
RONALD
REAGAN'S
OBSESSION
WITH
AN
ALIEN
INVASION
By A. Hovni
upermarket
tabloids,
that
American journalism, have bee
talking for most of the decade
about Ronald Reagan's fascination with
things like astrology and space aliens. Lit-
tle attention was paid to the matter...af-
ter all, the stuff was printed in the tabloids
and nobody sane is supposed to believe in
them. Yet truth is becoming stranger than
fiction in the case of Ronald Wilson
Reagan and some of his more curious re-
marks.
For starters, he has become the first Pre-
sident of the United States to talk about
the possibility of an alien invasion from out-
er space, and he has done so not once or
twice but in three speeches. Reagan is also
the only President to my knowledge, who
admitted - in a 1984 Presidential debate
against Walter Mondale
- having had
"philosophical discussions" about Arma-
ggedon in the White House with some
rather well known fundamentalist preach-
ers.
And then there was the explosion about
50
astrology in the White House, triggered by
Don Regan's disclosures that Nancy had
often consulted astrologers to arrange for
appointments with the President. Everyone
knows the details by now, yet we asked
Marcello Galluppi, a well known astrolog-
er and host of a psychic radio and TV talk
show in Detroit, to give us another view.
"It is very clear to me that the politicians
in Washington have their psychics and as-
trologers,
"said Marcello,
"at least some
of them do." Furthermore, continued Mar-
• cello, there is evidence that the Reagans
have used astrology for a long time if we
consider that "he was sworn in at midnight
as Governor of California, based on astro-
logy."
The media was having a field day with
horoscopes at the White House when
Reagan talked about the possibility of Earth
uniting against a threat by "a power from
outer space." Although the idea wasn't
new for the President, as we shall soon
see, this time everybody paid attention.
More as a joke than a serious thought,
however. The AP story on the speech, for
example, had the headline,
"Reagan fol-
lows astrological flap with comment on
space invaders."
There might be a deeper reason for
Reagan's apparent interest in the idea of
an alien threat. There is an unconfirmed

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1035, "chars": 6345, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
story that before he became Governor of
California, Ron and Nancy had a UFO
sighting on a highway near Hollywood.
The story was broadcast last February on
Steve Allen's radio show over WNEW-AM
in New York. The comedian and host com-
mented that a very well known personal-
ity in the entertainment industry had con-
fided to him that many years ago, Ron and
Nancy were expected to a casual dinner
with friends in Hollywood. Except for the
Reagans, all the guests had arrived. Ron
and Nancy showed up quite upset half an
hour later, saying that they had just seen
a UFO coming down the coast. No further
details were released by Steve Allen.
The President first disclosed his recur-
rent thoughts about "an alien threat" dur-
ing a December 4, 1985 speech at the Fall-
ston High School in Maryland, where he
spoke about his first Summit with General
Secretary Gorbachev in Geneva. Accord-
ing to a White House transcript, Reagan
remarked that during his 5-hour private dis-
cussions with Gorbachev, he told him to
think, "how easy his task and mine might
be in these meetings that we held if sud-
denly there was a threat to this world from
some other species from another planet
outside in the universe. We'd forget all the
little local differences that we have be-
tween our countries..."
Except for one headline or two, people
didn't pay much attention. Not then and
not later, when Gorbachev himself con-
firmed the conversation in Geneva during
an important speech on February 16, 1987,
in the Grand Kremlin Palace in Moscow,
to the Central Committee of the USSR's.
Communist Party. Not a High School in
Maryland precisely! There, buried on page
7A of the 'Soviet Life Supplement,' was
the following statement:
""At our meeting in Geneva, the U.S.
President said that if the earth faced an in-
vasion by extiaterrestrials, the United
States and the Soviet Union would join
forces to repel such an invasion. I shall not
dispute the hypothesis, though I think it's
early yet to worry about such an intru-
sion..." Notice that Gorbachev doesn't
say this is an incredible proposition, he just
says that it's too early to worry about it.
If Gorbachev elevated the theme from
a high school to the Kremlin, Reagan up-
ped the stakes again by including the "alien
threat" not în a domestic speech but to a
full session of the General Assembly of the
United Nations. Towards the end of his
speech to the Forty-second session on
September 21, 1987, the President said
that, "in our obsession with antagonisms
of the moment, we often forget how much
unites all the members of humanity. Per-
haps we need some outside, universal
threat to make us recognize this common
bond. - -
""| occasionally think," continued
Reagan,
"how quickly our differences
worldwide would vanish if we were facing
an alien threat from outside this world. And
yet, I ask," — here coines the clincher -
"is not an alien force already among us?"
The President now tries to retreat from the
last bold statement by posing a second
question: "What could be more alien to the
universal aspirations of our peoples than
war and the threat of war?" Unlike the off-
the-cuff remarks to the Faliston High
School, we must assume that the Presi-
dent's speech to the General Assembly
was written very carefully and likewise, it
merits close examination.
Ronald Reagan has told us that he thinks
often about this issue, yet nobody seems
to be paying attention. When the President
mentioned last May 4 in Chicago for the
third time the possibility of a threat by "a
power from another planet," the media
quickly dubbed it the "space invaders"
speech, relegating it to a sidebar in the as-
trology flap. The ET remark was made in
the Q&A period following a speech to the
National Stratagy Forum in Chicago's Pal-
mer House Hotel, where he adopted a
more conciliatory tone towards the Soviet
Union.
Significantly, Reagan's remark was
made during his response to the question,
"What do you consider to be the most im-
portant need in international relations?"
"I've often wondered," the President
told us once again,
"what if all of us in the
world discovered that we were threaten-
ed by an outer — a power from outer
space, from another planet." And then he
emphasized his theme that this would
erase all the differences, and that the "cit-
izens of the world" would "come together
to fight that particular threat...
There is still a fourth, unofficial, similar
statement from Ronald Reagan about this
particular subject. It was reported in the
New Republic by senior editor Fred Barnes.
The article described a luncheon in the
White House between the President and
Eduard Shevardnadze, during the Foreign
Minister's visit to Washington to sign the
INF Treaty on September 15, 1987. 'Near
the end of his lunch with Shevardnazde,
wrote Barnes, "Reagan wondered aloud
what would happen if the world faced an
'alien threat' from outer space. 'Don't you
think the United States and the Soviet
Union would be together?' he asked. Shev-
ardnadze said yes, absolutely. "And we
wouldn't need our defense ministers to
meet,' he added."
The fact that there are so many refer-
ences in important speeches, off-the-cuff
remarks, and just plain conversations,
means that - for whatever reason or
knowledge about deep UFO secrets that
he may have as President - Ronald
Reagan does think often about the possibil-
ity of an alien invasion, and how this event
could become a catalyst for world unity.
Talking about these UFO secrets, there is
also an unconfirmed story of a special
screening in the White House of the movie
'ET' a few years ago, with director Steven
Spialberg and a few selected guests. Right
after the movie, Reagan supposedly turn-
ed to Spielberg and whispered something
to the effect,
"There are only a handful of
people who know the truth about this."
indeed, more than one ufologist has
even suggested that the real target behind
"Star Wars" — another of Reagan's cos-
mic obsessions - is this projected ET in-
vasion and not the Russians. Others talk
of wild "deals" between the U.S. Govern-
ment and a race of gray dwarfs, better
known for their appetite for abducting
humans... Stop! We're entering the for-
bidden terrain of tabloid revelations, like
the SUN's screaming headline that
"Reagan will end his presidency by add-
ing several planets as states." Just think
about it.
51
