{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T20:43:31Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 61757, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122371-witness-10728-ufo-activist-questions-cia-director-on-roswell.pdf", "source_sha256": "2da9e87ab5c025e8da560788f34169474bea8493f6ff4cace2305d1aa3d784a5"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 537, "chars": 3425, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Dear Ms. Murray:
This is in reply to your inquiry
to the Secretary of Defense in
behalf of Mr. Michael C. Atkins
regarding events occurring near
Roswell, New Mexico, in July,
1947.
The Air Force possesses no
records regarding this incident.
We are not aware that any other
governmental department or
agency, other than National
Archives, possesses any records
pertaining to UFOs.
As information, the Air Force
began investigating UFOs in 1948
under a program called Project
Sign. Later, the program's name
was changed to Project Grudge
and, in 1953, it became known as
Project Blue Book. On December
17, 1969, the Secretary of the Air
Force announced the termination
, of Project Blue Book. The deci-
sion to discontinue UFO investi-
gations was based on a number of
factors, including reports and
studies by the University of Col-
orado and the National Academy
of Sciences, as well as past UFO
studies and the Air Force's two
decades of experience investigat-
ing UFO reports.
- As a result of these investiga-
tions, studies, and experience, the
conclusions of Project Blue Book
were: 1) no UFO reported, inves-
tigated and evaluated by the Air
Force has ever given any indica-
tion of threat to our national secu-
rity, 2) there has been no evi-
dence submitted to or discovered
by the Air Force that sightings cat-
egorized as "unidentified" repre-
sent technological developments
or principles beyond the range of
present-day scientific knowledg
and, 3) there has been no evi
dence indicating that sightings cat-
egorized as "unidentified" are
extraterrestrial vehicles.
Similar information is being
sent to several Members of Con-
gress in
response to their
inquiries.
We appreciate your
file-Wolsey
interest in this matter and trust this
information is helpful.
Sincerely,
Thomas W. Shubert, Lt Col,
USAF
Congressional Inquiry Division
Office of Legislative Liaison
UFO Activist Questions CIA
Director On Roswell Crash
by Operation Right to Know
peration Right to Know
Oboentin, lad one or
organization, had one of
its organizers, Elaine Douglass,
call in to a radio program
(WAMU-FM in Washington, D.C.)
to question CIA director R. James
Woolsey about the UFO Crash
near Roswell, New Mexico, in
1947. Fully expecting to be
stonewalled, Elaine and other
ORTK activists were surprised
that the CIA director was remark-
ably candid. Perhaps our public
servants have begun to recognize
citizen oversight and the public's
right to know about the UFO/ET
situation. There is no doubt that
the National Security Council
(NSC) is aware of ORTK after the
Fully expecting to be
stonewalled, Elaine and
other ORTK activists were
surprised that the CIA
director was remarkably
candid.
very successful Washington
demonstration, and that it realizes
that we intend to hold our public
servants accountable to the citi-
zens of the United States. We
believe it is the NSC along with
key members of Congress who are
responsible for the UFO/ET cover-
.. up The following is a transcript
from the National Public Radio
broadcast of December 15, 1993,
hosted by Diane Rehm. The tran-
script was received from Bob
Oechsler and transcribed by
ORTK co-founder Ed Komarek.
For ease in reading we edited.
out the "ah's" and the "er's" _
Editor:
Diane: A caller here in Washing-
ton, Elaine, you are on the air.
Elaine: Yes, good morning:
James Woolsey: Good morning.
Elaine: This call is about UFOs.
For about 50 years civilian
Vol. 2#1
19
