{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-09T02:45:32Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4487351, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122353-witness-10728-inverse-witness-extraterrestrial-politics-in-the-clinton-white.pdf", "source_sha256": "c94ec27e870586c65b530ba01d7f221799353af08c412af19de1c6bc61476604"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2200, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
File
Page 1 of 12
Woolsei
Part 2-
Home
Up
Part 1
Part 2- Woolsey
Part 3
Part 4
Part 5
Part 7
Part 8
Conclusion
Part 6
Clinton Alien cartoon Anol
Podesta Testimony
Clinton Alien Talk
Extraterrestrial Politics in the Clinton White
House: Part 2 - Clinton's CIA Director Briefed
XXXX
X President Clinton's first Director of Central Intelligence came into the Clinton
administration much in much the same way that President Carter's DCI, XXXXXXXX» had come into
the Carter administration. XXXX like Turner had "no substantive experience" in intelligence. What
little
had learned about intelligence, he was taught by his former law partner >
m, who served as general counsel to the CIA from 1976 to 1979.
XXXXX ignorance did not create a strong opening position for a man considered "the principal advisor
to the President for Intelligence matters related to national security," and who as Director of Central
Intelligence (DCI) also served as the head of the United States Intelligence Community consisting of 12
other intelligence agencies. The combined thirteen agencies "carry out all the intelligence activities of the
United States Government." These included, among others, the Defense Intelligence Agency, National
Security Agency, National Imagery & Mapping Agency, National Reconnaissance Office, Air Force
Intelligence, Army Intelligence, Marine Corps Intelligence, and Navy Intelligence.
Consequently, both Clinton and XXX
• were somewhat ignorant on intelligence matters, and were
therefore forced be start from zero. Moreover, they were forced to rely totally on George Bush's CIA for
the intelligence information they would need to govern. The world view they would develop would be
one that was, in part at least, drawn out for them by the CIA, that had been in the hands of a Republican
administration for the past twelve years.
Clinton and his running mate Al Gore were given their first briefings by President Bush's DCI, XXX
XXXX boss, George Bush, had likewise done the briefing of then President-elect Carter, when he
was DCI twelve years earlier. It was during that Carter briefing that Carter was told by Bush, "the UFO
http://www.presidentialufo.com/part2-.htm
11/14/2007 1:54 AM

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3169, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
xxxXXxXx
subject is a need-to-know subject, and that he as President didn't have the need to know."
If the Bush comment about UFOs to Carter is accurate, it is highly unlikely that incoming President
Clinton was told anything about the UFO subject by President Bush's CIA briefers. If Clinton was curious
about UFOs, which was the rumor inside the CIA, he would have to find out for himself.
As the top intelligence man,
_also had an interest in UFOs prior to joining the Clinton
White House. This interest was shared by his wife XXXX Chief Operating Officer of the National
Academy of Sciences. This interest arose from experiencing a daylight sighting of a UFO in New
Hampshire during the late sixties.
Page 2 of 12
There also was a story that X
had been previously involved in a request by former President
George Bush to be briefed on the UFO subject. The story is told by >
a researcher and friend of
the CIA's UFO expert Dr. Ronald Pandolfi.
and I are driving back from Front Royal after my briefing a
special forces Colonel, a devout Catholic, on UFOs, eschatons and messiahs,
with Ron observing. So I ask Ron about briefing the next President. And he said
that if George W. [Bush] wanted a briefing he could just ask his dad about it.
Ok, and what would his dad tell him, Ron? Well, his dad could tell him that he
had tasked XXXXXo find out and get back to him. Oh, really! And what
was the result, X
& Well, Jim came back and told the President that he just
didn't need to know."
Later in front of X
Jat a dinner party where
was in attendance, X tried to get XX
to confirm the story for XX that X
had been called in by Bush, and that he had told the Presiden
he had no "need-to-know." Russo was prepared to take the story to the New York Times, but this time
Pandolfi denied the story.
Having had his own sighting, X
> was open to receiving more information about the subject. As the
first CIA Director after the end of the cold war, X
> was also attempting to open things up. On
November 30, for example, XXXX had appeared on CNN's Larry King Show. There, Woolsey had
stated that the new Clinton administration "wished to disclose historical material in a spirit of new
openness."
It was rumored that the Clinton administration planned to declassify some black budget programs, and
that some of these programs contained some of the classified UFO material that had been sought after for
years.
push for openness, and a personal interest in UFOs, was partly responsible for XXXy talking
to his close friend XXXX to request a personal briefing on UFOs. It was decided that Dr. Steven
Greer should be the one to do the briefing.
XXX» was given the task of following Greer around as he made presentations around the country,
to gather information on him. Finally, at a presentation Colorado State University, in Fort Collins,
Colorado. XXXXmade his approach to Dr. Greer.
Following the lecture Petersen approached Greer, and stated, "Dr. Greer, I think it is time that we help
you."
Greer asked who he was, and Petersen said, "Well, I know a few folks in Washington who I think you
need to meet with."
http://www.presidentialufo.com/part2-.htm
11/14/2007 1:54 AM

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 622, "chars": 3844, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 3 of 12
Greer the asked who those people might be and Petersen responded, "Well I'm good friends with the
director of central Intelligence." To this Greer responded, "Well, that's a good start,"
Greer was asked to provide materials for X
so that he could review and search inside the
CIA for material. The information, however didn't help as he told Greer during the December 13th
briefing.
"made internal inquiries" within the CIA about UFOs, but was reportedly "denied
access."
"You have given me information," XX
old Greer, "so that I could go into certain compartments, and
ask about what is going on related to this subject. They have all told me nothing. They told me, well we
had Project blue book, but the Air Force closed it in 1969..."
What he had been given by those under his command was basically the standard UFO cover story, and
according to Greer,
was furious about the situation that he and President Clinton had been cut
out of a major piece of national security apparatus. "He was gravely shaken," according to Greer. "He was
› stated, "You know, they are treating me like a bag-man, that goes up to Capitol
Hill, gets their 30 billion dollars for the intelligence community, and brings it back. You know I really
don't know anything that's going on that's sensitive."
This lack of power by
was supported by another story that had occurred before the briefing. As
well as the information Greer had provided which
Z couldn't reference in CIA files, Woolsey was
also receiving other requests for information related to UFOs. One of these requests dealt with deletions
that had be made in already released CIA UFO documents.
In September 1993, only a couple of months before the meeting between Greer and X
XX
XXXX had approached XXXX with a series of documents that he had received from UFO researcher
Stanton Friedman. Friedman wanted to know why the CIA had deleted large sections from some material
he had been sent. Peterson agreed to question X
bout it. XXX in turn, stated that he would
look into the matter. He, however, was not able to provide much insight.
The UFO briefing for
was set up for December 13, 1993 by Petersen, who had an inside
knowledge of the workings of the military and intelligence in Washington. He had worked in the Office
of the Secretary of Defense, and also on the National Security Staff at the White House. At the time of the
briefing he was the Director of the Washington area think tank known as the Arlington Institute. Mr.
Peterson and his wife hosted the XXX clandestine UFO briefing in his Arlington townhouse. The
briefing was identified as a dinner party in official records maintained by the CIA.
This according to Greer's version of the story, was a cover story. " The cover for this meeting in
Arlington was a dinner party, " Greer told one audience. "Now the way things are done in Washington,
just so you know. Nothing important ever happens in an official meeting. Nothing ever, ever, ever, ever,
forget about it. It happens at Georgetown dinner parties, blah, blah blah. That's where everything is done.
That is true. Forget about it. It doesn't happen the way you think."
The briefing of XXX» was conducted by Dr. Steven Greer, International Director of the Center for the
Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CSETI). Greer also headed up the Project Starlight Coalition (PSC).
It was a group CSETI had formed in July 1993, described by Greer as "a voluntary association of
researchers, scientists, world leaders and concerned citizens who are dedicated to affecting a non-harmful
disclosure on the UFO/ETI (Unidentified Flying Object / Extraterrestrial Intelligence) issues in the near
future."
The strategic plan of the Project Starlight Coalition was to 1) collect and identify the best evidence related
http://www.presidentialufo.com/part2-.htm
11/14/2007 1:54 AM

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 648, "chars": 4061, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 4 of 12
to UFOs/ETI; 2) identify top-secret military and intelligence witnesses to the matter who were willing to
come forward and disclose what they knew; 3) create a team of briefers and advisors for executive Branch
officials and military officials who would conduct briefings, and recommend near-term disclosure of the
subject and the end to secrecy related to the subject; 4) and to educate the world leadership and the
world's population regarding the reality of UFOs/EII.
Dr. Greer was informed that he would be the first to brief XXX on the subject. Dr. Greer, like
Laurance Rockefeller and X
Xs, had been busy attempting to brief as many members of the
Clinton administration on UFOs as possible. During one interview Greer mentioned some of the people
inside the Clinton Administration who had been briefed by himself or his briefing team:
"There were many briefing materials that were given, not only to the CIA
Director X
XXXX, but to other senior members of the Clinton
administration. Members of our team of the CSETI Project Starlight team were
able to provide briefing materials to and meetings with the Presidents, closest
friends, and the XXXXXXX family. Bruce Lindsay being the President's sort
of senior counselor in the White House, but also one of his closest friends...
We were also able to do some similar briefing materials and conveyed them to
the President's Science Advisor, to Tony Lake, who at the time was the National
Security Advisor to the President... to... senior people in Al Gore's office, his
Chief of Staff, as well as Al Gore, and many of his personal friends."
Despite the many briefings Greer was providing for White House staff, he is not directly mentioned in the
1,000 pages of OSTP files that were released by the White House. This is because the OSTP files are
from X
X' office, and Rockefeller did all the briefings with Clinton's Science Advisor. Files
dealing with the Greer briefings and contacts will not be available until January 2006 when the rest of the
White House files from the Clinton administration are available as FOIA.
Greer had close connections with Laurance Rockefeller who was briefing XXXXXX Three months
before conducting his briefing for X
X Dr. Greer had met with Rockefeller at his ranch near Jackson
Hole, Wyoming. During this meeting Dr. Greer briefed Rockefeller on his concept of briefing key
politicians and other VIPs, to help initiate a release of all withheld UFO material. Later, after theXXX
briefing, Greer also provided Rockefeller with "a package of evidence, assessments and other
documents," to assist him with his personal briefing of Bill and Hillary Clinton in August 1995.
Greer arrived at the XXXX briefing believing that the President, his military advisors, his intelligence
people, and his advisors inside the White House, had not been briefed on the UFO subject. Further, he
believed that any briefing information they had been given on the UFO subject was probably
disinformation.
Greer arrived at this discouraging conclusion after conducting interviews with dozens of "deep-throat
informants" inside the UFO program. Those witnesses had told Greer that most of the people inside the
White House and within the intelligence community had been cut out any knowledge about the UFO
program. People like the President and the CIA Director, had no idea what was going on. Dr. Greer
therefore entered the XXXX meeting feeling that he had the responsibility to provide the Director "the
scientific data, along with a well-conceived assessment, and set of recommendations."
As Greer was already aware of before the briefing, X
y was not in a good position to be in
possession of any critical ultra secret information. He was first of all, an appointee of the President. He
could be replaced at a moment's notice, based on the President's pleasure and the prevailing political
situation. Secrets are not generally given to situations of uncertainty. CIA directors come and go, but the
CIA goes on and on.
http://www.presidentialufo.com/part2-htm
11/14/2007 1:54 AM

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 583, "chars": 3627, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 5 of 12
Secondly, as mentioned above, >
›came to the job with no real experience beyond small encounters
on the edge of the world of intelligence. Two suchi encounters were a stint as undersecretary of the Navy
under Jimmy Carter, and being retained by a CIA intelligence officer for counterintelligence, who was
reprimanded during Iran Contra.
Thirdly,
came into the top intelligence job on a promise by President Clinton to cut intelligence
spending by about $7 billion over a five-year period. XXX would have been seen to most in the world
of intelligence as nothing more than an outside administrator for the intelligence departments who carried
an ourse end.
an axe to work each day. To make the situation worse, Woolsey had declared during his confirmation
hearings that he might even be able to do better than the $7 billion cut proposed during the campaign by
Bill Clinton.
Finally, X
misunderstood what was required, and was unaware that he would be lied to. "*
underestimated the manipulative quality of the agency bureaucracy, where lying and deceptions are
institutionalized," said a former senior national security official. "He was too trusting, and that made him
easy prey. He wasn't ready for people lying to him when he was loyal to them."
Further complicating Greer's effort to convince the DCI of the reality of the UFO situation, and to get him.
to end the cover-up by publicly releasing critical information, was the clash of two main ideas at the
briefing . Greer on one hand viewed the aliens as good guys here to usher earth into the galactic
community. As part of this paradigm, Greer believed that the military should stop shooting at the aliens.
Further, Greer believed that the military-industrial group that controlled the UFO information should quit
trying to use the presence of the aliens as a reason to fund an intergalactic war with the aliens.
Xon the other hand, was a hawk on defense. He was a defender of the strategic defense initiative.
He favored U.S. strategic modernization. Where Greer saw a world coming out of the cold war, and now
able to turn its attention to outer space, >
„described the world as " a more lethal version of the
world that existed before 1914," due to the existence of modern weapons and delivery systems.
Dr. Greer saw a world basically at peace, giving the government an opening to disclose the UFO/ETI
secret that had been withheld due to the Cold War. X
>saw the world as full of new, possibly more
dangerous enemies. The Soviet Union dragon had been slain, but as X
›saw it, "We now live in a
jungle filled with a bewildering variety of poisonous snakes, and in many ways the dragon was easier to
keep track of."
To off set the lack of information, Greer included as a part of the briefing a "summary of points regarding
Project Starlight" that had been prepared for members of the Clinton Administration. This summary
stated in part that CSETI:
• Intended to cooperate with the U.S. government, the United Nations, and
other governments.
• Will conduct briefing on the UFO/ETI situation, and prepare an
announcement of the ETI presence that will not harm the government.
• Will commit resources to make an undeniable case for the ET origin of
these objects;
• Will work with leaders in society, here and abroad, to change current
government policy on this subject.
• Are dedicated to "fulfill this project in a way which would be a positive
event for humanity;"
• Will retain secrecy for "certain valid secret Projects which are vital to
national security or to future defense readiness."
http://www.presidentialufo.com/part2-.htm
11/14/2007 1:54 AM

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 591, "chars": 3620, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
xXXx
Page 6 of 12
In an interview years after the event, Greer was asked whether President Clinton had requested the UFO
briefing for his intelligence director. Greer responded:
"I would say that I can't comment that he sought out this particular contact by
the President. I can say, emphatically, that it was taken extremely seriously, and
of course, the CIA Director makes the daily intelligence advisories for the
President. I can also tell you that this meeting was not an off-the- cuff meeting
that lasted for five or ten minutes, but this meeting was nearly three hours in
duration."
Other information that came to light years after the 1993 briefing showed that XXX was indeed out of
the loop not only with the UFO situation, he was also on the outside with President Clinton. Clinton had
come into Washington ignorant of intelligence, and not very interested in what intelligence agencies like
the CIA were doing.
That in Yor, Try es noted, tor eaCtor ben te uninto am instration waded the cland of
dropped leaflets in support of the invasion using voodoo symbols, they were called on the carpet for
"showing support for one religion over another."
found himself in the position of "receiving
more criticism from his congressional overseers than any other cabinet-level official in the Clinton
administration."
Even though X
X had the most power than anyone else in the Administration to come up with an
answer to the UFO mystery, he found that he had no support for his intelligence mission from inside the
Clinton White House. No one inside 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue cared at all about the CIA. It was an
administration where the priorities were domestic issues such as health care and the economy. XXXX"
wrote the New York Times, "had little support in the White House that apparently thought little, and cared
less, about the CIA or it's director." When Clinton first came to office, he proposed that spending on
intelligence would be cut by $7 billion over the next five years. The cold war CIA seemed to be on the
chopping block.
Records show that in the first two years X
•was Director of all U.S. Intelligence agencies, he only
met twice with Clinton in private. The situation was so bad that when a deranged pilot crashed his light
plane on the White House grounds in fall 1994, White House staffers passed around the joke that the pilot
wasy
attempting to get a meeting with President Clinton. In December 1994 X>
resigned realizing he would never get the support he needed and deserved from President Clinton. " I sort
of wandered in," said Woolsey, "and wandered out."
The meeting between Dr. Greer and XX
XXXX lasted three hours. This was a long time compared to
most briefing which only last 30-60 minutes. Prior to the meeting Dr. Greer had been told byXX
Jand his wife had experienced a daylight sight of a UFO in the late sixties in
New Hampshire. S
Jand his wife confirmed this sighting during the first minutes of the briefing.
Xx and his wife were, because of their sighting experience, very interested and aware about UFOs.
› pre-existing belief in the existence of UFOs even led him to cut off Greer after only fifieen
minutes of Dr. Greer presenting the evidence. XXXX was no longer interested in listening to sighting
reports and viewing documents. He stated, "Yes, I know they exist. Now talk to me about what all of this
means."
To answer this question, Dr. Greer spent two and a half hours answering the implications of the
extraterrestrial presence on earth. He detailed, based upon testimony from high-ranking military and
http://www.presidentialufo.com/part2-.htm
11/14/2007 1:54 AM

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 643, "chars": 3894, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
xxXXXXXx
Page 7 of 12
government witnesses, why he believed the aliens are here, how the secrecy had been maintained over the
years, and what the social and economic effects of disclosing the E.T. presence would be.
According to Greer's recollection of the briefing, the CIA Director was upset that the UFO story was
being withheld from him. "He felt terribly wronged," said Greer, "that something like this would not be
something that he would have found out about after many months of being at the top of the intelligence
community."
Greer recalled that at times the evidence being presented caused the XXXXy to become very intense. "I
mean," said Greer, "there were times when, well, he would just hold his head in his hands going, 'Oh my
God! Oh my God! Oh! Oh! Wow!' I mean he was just exclaiming as we went through documents that we
have acquired, as we went through cases, as we went through photographic evidence, as we went through
other types of scientific evidence."
According to Greer, much of the panic exhibited by XXXX came not from the facts surrounding the
E.T. presence, but from the fact that he had no control over the CIA files on the subject, or Greer's threat
to force a public disclosure about the subject. In response to Greer's request for Woolsey's cooperation in
initiating a UFO disclosure, Woolsey pleaded with Greer to understand his limited position. "I can't
release," he told Greer, "what I don't have access to." Greer described it as a "poignant stunning
moment."
wife, X
• was also present for the briefing and was very interested in the
material that Greer was presenting. Sue Woolsey had made a name for herself, holding a position which
gave her an expertise in evaluating scientific evidence. She was Chief Operating Officer of the National
Academy of Sciences.
At one point in the discussion, XX›
XXXXeven stopped Greer to ask him a question that was bothering
her. How, she asked, were the aliens communicating over the vast distances in space? Dr. Greer provided
his understanding that the mind of the alien was used to interact with the hardware. This is how time and
space problems were overcome. To this &
XXXXX>said, "I thought it had to be something like that."
Dr. Greer provided XXXX a strategic outline of a disclosure plan CSETI had come up. It was based on
testimony from a series of high-ranking military and government officials who were aware of the inside
story of the UFO cover-up. The witnesses were prepared to testify openly about what they knew, and this
would force the disclosure. Greer made it clear that the disclosure would go ahead with or without
* cooperation.
Greer also outlined for the CIA Director the specific actions he felt the CIA and the Clinton White House
should make to assist in a smooth disclosure. Finally Dr. Greer asked XXXX to locate documents
related to specific known events and known projects related to UFOs. For this Greer provided Woolsey
specific dates and events to search out. XXXX agreed to do what he could to help.
Woolsey kept his promise to look into the cases for which he had been given dates, places, or documents.
Shortly after the briefing, the CIA Director passed back to Greer the results of his investigation. He
reported through XXXX that " the files weren't there." He had searched, but there were no documents
within the intelligence community that he could get to that would answer the questions Dr. Greer was
seeking answers for. XXX had run into the "empty file syndrome." The Director had confirmed that
he, as the head of the Intelligence community in the United States, was effectively "out of the loop" on
UFOs.
Woolsey also found out during his term as Director that lying about things like UFOs to the director was
standard practice. As a former senior national security official told XXXXXXXX of the New York
http://www.presidentialufo.com/part2-.htm
11/14/2007 1:54 AM

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 544, "chars": 3311, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
xXXXXXXX
Times:
Page 8 of 12
"Woolsey underestimated the manipulative quality of the agency bureaucracy
where lying and deceptions are institutionalized. He was too trusting, and that
made him easy prey. He wasn't ready for people lying to him when he was loyal
to them."
XXXX Orders UFO Study
Inspired by the December 1993 briefing, and possibly green-lighted by President Clinton, XXXX
created an "order for the review of all Agency files on the subject of UFOs." This internal request led
ultimately to the CIA publishing a new UFO study in 1996 titled "CIA's Role in the Study of UFOs,
1947-1990."
The report, however, turned out not to be an independent assessment of the many rumored UFO files
inside the CIA, but rather a new whitewash report detailing the CIA view about the agency's involvement
in the UFO phenomena during the years 1947-1990. It was first published in the classified intelligence
publication Studies in Intelligence. In 1997, the CIA released an unclassified version of the paper which
was published on the CIA Internet web page.
The report was written by >
& a CIA and National Reconnaissance Office historian. In the
introduction to the paper, Haines confirmed Woolsey's role in requesting a new review of the UFO
evidence inside CIA files:
"In late 1993, after being pressured by Ufologists for the release of additional
CIA information on UFOs, R. James Woolsey ordered another review of all
Agency files on UFOs."
The close of the ne mini, but put she ty on track on it have tas a or that hose top ras
in the Air Force.
The reason for this was, that during the 1993-94 period, the Air Force had put in a lot of time and money
into a new study on the rumored UFO crash at Roswell for the OSTP and the President. The Air Force
also sponsored a major campaign to promote the conclusion of the Roswell report to the public. All this
effort was expended to convince the tax-paying public that the Air Force had honestly looked at the facts
surrounding UFOs, found nothing worth investigating, and now had nothing to hide.
The conclusion of the new CIA report, however, was that the Air Force had effectively lied about more
than half of its public statements regarding UFOs from the 1950s on. This, the CIA report stated, was
done to cover for covert CIA operations. "Just when it looked as though the Air Force had won a major
battle in the UFO public relations war with its publication of "Roswell: Case Closed," wrote Project 1947
Director Jan Aldrich, " the 'die hard issue' of UFOs was resurrected."
In the report, Haines claimed that more than half of the UFO sightings during the 1950s and 1960s were
actually not UFOs, but misidentified secret spy planes such as the U-2 and SR-71. The damaging part to
the Air Force was Haines' allegation that the Air Force Project Blue Book, set up to investigate UFO
reports, actually consulted with the CIA U-2 staff personnel in Washington, and helped to coordinate
dismissive explanations for the public to cover for the CIA aerial spy operations. In short, the Air Force
was anything but honest as they were claiming following the release of their Roswell report.
The CIA came to their conclusion despite the fact that their final report failed to cite a single example of a
http://www.presidentialufo.com/part2-htm
11/14/2007 1:54 AM

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 515, "chars": 3191, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
XXX
case that could have been explained by a spy plane. It was a conclusion that was basically dismissed
outright by all UFO researchers.
XXX attempt to open up the UFO files, and to produce a report telling of the CIA involvement since
1947, appeared then only to incite the CIA officials who controlled the UFO files. They simply used the
Woolsey request for a UFO investigation to produce yet another report that reinforced the debunking
efforts first proposed by the CIA Robertson Panel in 1953.
As the CIA account of the Air Force UFO deception broke in the press, the Air Force was forced to
quickly deny what the CIA was now claiming. Brigadier General Ronald Sconyers was sent to put out the
new UFO blaze. Sconyers told the press, "I cannot confirm or deny that we lied. The Air force is
committed to providing accurate and timely information within the confines of national security."
Page 9 of 12
Plays Duck and Cover
resigned from his CIA Directorship in December 1994 under heavy attack from all sides.
He claimed he had appreciated the opportunity to serve and returned to his former life as a lawyer. The
UFO link to the highest intelligence officer in the Clinton administration was gone.
The fact that >
X had been briefed by Dr. Greer was kept quiet until 1998. It was made public by Dr.
Greer because of statements made by Webster Hubbell, Clinton former Attorney General. In a book
Hubbell wrote about his time in the Clinton White House, Hubbell made public the fact that he had been
asked by President Clinton to look into the UFO mystery.
Greer's release of the fact that he had briefed the head of the CIA on UFOs, and that the CIA director had
expressed strong opinions about the reality of the phenomena initiated a negative response trom James
XXX even though he was no longer in the Clinton administration.
The negative reaction, however, did not come until September 17, 1999, just prior to the release of Dr.
Greer's book " Extraterrestrial Contact" in which the XXXX briefing was fully discussed. Contact with
Non-human Intelligence (CNI) News Director Michael Lindemann received a fax from John Peterson,
X friend, and the man who had hosted the secret briefing in his Alexandria Virginia townhouse.
The September 16, 1999-letter read as follows:
It has just come to the attention of the four of us that you have, without giving
any of us the opportunity to comment, published a distorted account of a dinner
party of some six years ago at which the four of us, you, and your wife were
seated together.
In the introduction to your book, "Extraterrestrial Contact," published earlier
this year you portray this dinner party conversation during which the four of us
listened to your views and politely asked questions as a "briefing" with a "cover
story. " You further assert that Mr. and Mrs. Woolsey reported a UFO sighting to
you and agreed with your views. You include specific alleged quotations from
them.
None of this is accurate. You have portrayed politeness as acquiescence and
questions as affirmations. Your conduct in this matter contravenes both
accuracy and simple manners.
Sincerely,
http://www.presidentialufo.com/part2-.htm
11/14/2007 1:54 AM

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 476, "chars": 2928, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 10 of 12
(signed)
•
xXXXXXx
XXXX
> complaint about not being informed of Dr. Greer's disclosure of the meeting, was
actually a bit outdated. Dr. Greer had already disclosed the secret Woolsey briefing in an interview he had
done with radio show host Art Bell almost two years before in response to the Webster Hubbell statement
about being asked by President Clinton to look into UFOs. The information released in that interview was
much more detailed than the short couple of paragraphs in the introduction to Greer's book
Extraterrestrial Contact. The interview distribution was not wide enough to have reached Woolsey or
Peterson.
CNI News Director Michael Lindemann contacted Dr. Greer and asked him to respond to the denials
made by the X
XX
Xand XXXXX Lindemann did not mention the fact that the information had been
public for quite a while already. Dr. Greer responded in part:
XXXXXxand the others question the accuracy (or manners) of my depiction
of this meeting in the introduction to my new book "Extraterrestrial Intelligence:
The Evidence and Implications. " (www.DrGreer.com). You can read this
introduction on the website for yourself.
XXXXXXet al. have a very selective memory of this nearly 3-hour briefing of
a sitting CIA Director. If anything, and my wife can attest to this, my description
of the meeting is incredibly understated.
In his letter, XXXXXX (now apparently a lobbyist in Washington) implies
that this was not a briefing but only a dinner party, and that the dinner party
was not a cover story for the briefing, etc.
It must be understood that it was a friend of the CIA Director, Mr. Petersen - not
myself -who characterized the dinner party as a cover story for the meeting with
the CIA Director. Indeed, Mr. Petersen made arrangements for this meeting and
hosted it in his home in Arlington Virginia. He told me and my wife that even his
wife did not know that
XX was coming over to their home for dinner
until the morning of the briefing.
They claim my characterization and specific references describing the meeting
were inaccurate. Not at all.
Quoting from a sensitive memo FedEx'ed to my home from Mr. Petersen, who
made all of the arrangements with the CIA Director:
"re "I talked to XXXX this morning and he (underlined in original) suggested
getting together over dinner. He was not aware of your organization or that
anyone was planning such an announcement (regarding UFOs/smg). This
almost certainly means that, I) There is an active attempt being made at the
lower levels of government to sabotage Project Starlight ( the CSETI UFO
disclosure effort/smg). 2) this group almost certainly had tapped your phones
and is aware of most of the details of your plans...'
"If we do have dinner with XXXXX
X we will have moved this thing to a -
much higher plane and in doing so raised significant red flags for those who
http://www.presidentialufo.com/part2-.htm
11/14/2007 1:54 AM

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 452, "chars": 2831, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"...
xxxxxxxx
Page 11 of 12
don't want to see this thing succeed. Operation Starlight will become a serious
(underlined) threat to the status quo."
"Meeting with people like X
XXmust be kept very closely guarded. I have not
even told Diane XXXX›
XXXXX about it."
"You must understand that great principalities and powers will oppose your
plans..."
"Then, all in bold: Remember: the most powerful people in the world will
alice athei disposa to test in eir actives and will use everything (in
XXXXXX who heads up a Washington area think tank called The Arlington
Institute, was working very closely with me during those days and had
substantial experience in national security and military matters.
From the above quotes it is obvious that this was no mere dinner party! The
dinner party was only the cover - and the stakes were and are every bit what Mr.
Petersen describes.
As for other information contested in XXXXXX letter, I stand by the
account. Regarding Mr. Woolsey's UFO sighting : This was first conveyed to me
by his long-time friend Mr. Petersen and was later confirmed at the briefing.
In my new book, I reproduce the document handed to XXXXXXduring the
briefing. In this document, which I handed personally to him, we recommend
that Mr. Woolsey and the President move decisively towards a near-term
disclosure of the UFO/ETI matter. Just a dinner party?
I am certain that XXXXXX knew the UFOs were real and that a very deep
cover project was running that area - a project which had kept the CIA Director
himself in the dark.
Later in their letter, XXXXXet al complain that my conduct "contravenes
..simple manners". Manners? I was on Larry King Live over nine months after
the meeting with the CIA Director. But this meeting was not disclosed, because
Mr. Woolsey was still in office and I felt decorum necessitated silence regarding
such meetings. I have behaved with the utmost restraint and have disclosed such
matters only after very careful consideration. Indeed, I would not be writing this
letter except that Lindemann at CNI plans to publish X
XX* 'sanitized'
account of the briefing and has compelled me to write. Why Mr. Woolsey et al
would make such a letter available to Lindemann is beyond me.) I made no pact
of silence regarding such meetings. And since disclosing this meeting, I have
always portrayed Mr. Woolsey and his wife as people seeking the truth of such
matters and as people who wanted excessive secrecy ended. Perhaps I was
wrong...
Manners? Indeed - if anything, perhaps I have been too restrained. Good
"manners' as it pertains to this subject means speaking the truth - and being
willing to stand up for it. Good manners would be public servants such as Mr.
XXXXXXXXXXand others doing the right thing and working ardently for
http://www.presidentialufo.com/part2-.htm
11/14/2007 1:54 AM

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 3074, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"=..
xXXXXX
Page 12 of 12
the truth to be told regarding UFOs and ETI. Good manners should mean being
more concerned for the health of our democracy and the Constitution than
covering-up the import and purpose of such a briefing. And good manners
would be joining in the effort to disclose a matter which, once made public,
would allow earth-saving technologies to be revealed which would halt the
wholesale destruction of our eco-system.
As a very busy emergency doctor in NC, with four young daughters, I assure you
that we did not make that brief trip to Washington, D.C. on December 13, 1993
to sight-see or just to have dinner. But rather, we made that journey to plead for
the end of super - secret projects which are being withheld from the people so
that our democracy could be made whole and our children's future made
sustainable.
The current attempt to minimize, obfuscate or cover-up the purpose and details
of this briefing with the CIA Director is quite disconcerting -and strange. Why
Mr. Woolsey and the others would write such a letter is unknown to me. We can
only speculate. I stand by my account. But now, perhaps the time has come for
"we the people' to demand that current and former officials such as CIA.
Director Woolsey and the President be held responsible for the lack of action on
resolving this most pressing problem. After all, we pay their salaries, provide
their perks - and they represent us. It is not I who needs defense. My actions
over these long years have spoken my commitment. But we still await action
from our elected and appointed officials. As the earth groans under the weight of
the erosive and corrupting influences of big money and special interests, I
wonder just how much longer we shall have to wait...
I think it is time that the American people demand that the waiting time be over.
Steven M. Greer M.D.
CSETI Director
The quick reply to X
XX went unanswered by X
X and the former CIA Director.
CNI director Michael Lindemann, claiming information from sources close to the event felt that the use
"briefing" might not have been the proper word for Greer to use. Usually briefings are not done over
dinner and with wives present. There was no question raised that Greer had been with XXX and that
UFOs were discussed.
XXX*told a reporter who questioned him about the Greer UFO affair that Greer had misrepresented
the 1993 event. Greer, however, has not retracted any part of his story. In 2001, this author had a chance
to present all the Woolsey material discussed here to the reporter, and the reporter in question seemed to
conclude that Woolsey was perhaps being less than truthful with him.
Since the XXXX denial of the account of his involvement into UFOs, XXX has returned to the
world of Intelligence. He sits on the Chief of Naval Operations Executive Panel. He acts as a consultant
to CNN for the Afghan War. This may be because he is more at home working for Republican
administrations such as the time he spent working with the Bush White House.
http://www.presidentialufo.com/part2-.htm
11/14/2007 1:54 AM
