{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T02:25:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3304290, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122414-witness-10798-prf-soundwaves-havana-synd-private-oct-2021.pdf", "source_sha256": "c2755f2dd8c1cfc3fe8b552bf8034af0ca486fb97769e4ca242f4edc7e3229f1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1707, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Berlin, 18 October, 2021
In preparation with telephone conversation with Dr. Steven Greer,
starting at 1:30AM EST (Virginia, US) and 7:30 Berlin (DE), keynotes to be discussed are:
1. Materials (noted my email of 7 August 2016) may be accessible to you through
NDA
2. Cosmic Hoax
1
• JKF's speech on 'secrets' by intelligence officials at the expense of
National Security
• Your 2001's interview with the later William Pawelec
• Havana Syndrome
• UAP (Unidentified Aerial Phenomena)
• Cyberattack (bearing a multi-domain [neurological network] directional
energy phenomenon)
I am a victim of Havana Syndrome for the reasons you may find through various Cybercrime Police reports
(Zentrale Ansprechstellen Cyberctime der Polizeien der Länder und des Bundes für die Wirtschaft, Anzeige)
I believe you may be aware of the consequences of adverse PRF ultrasound neuromodulations and their
adverse results and potential lethal neurodegenerative instabilities. For your record and in preparation with
our telephone conversation), based on my direct observations as well as other eyewitness accounts, I can
confum the sources of the pulsed radio frequency (PRF) ultrasound modulations is a highly sophisticated -
multi domain electronic MOD operation system. This MOD system appears, but is not only limited to, a
cluster of multi rotot UAVs of airbome SARs. They appear to have been mounted on a stealth UCAV
command. The multi rotor (airborne SAR) UAVs appear to be of discoid ADIFO shape and may number as
much as 8-14 units, possibly more. Like their UCAV command unit, they appear to be stealth-type and
entirely invisible to radar system. The UCAV command, possibly flying at high altitude, as much as 10-20

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 439, "chars": 2966, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
kilometres high, operates this MOD system multi rotor SAR operation in a vast dome shaped domain with a
height and the base level (diameter) of as much as 10-20 kilometres and 12 kilometres, respectively. The base
level of the dome may be at the minimum altitude of 1.2-2 kilometres. PRF ultrasound modulations are
generated through the discoid ADIFO shaped multi rotor airborne SAR UAVs. Although the discoid shape of
the multi rotor airborne SAR UAV crafts (for the reasons that can be provided with supporting documents
through my lawyer) cannot be ruled out, their electronic jet engine may have a dual function in that both the
electronic jet engine and cavity magnetron radar may have been engineered to power from one rotary system
unit within the discoid ADIFO shape of the airborne SAR UAV craft. Thus, the multi rotor airborne discoid
ADIFO shape UAV craft provides both propulsion with required PRF microwave radar, with excellent
capabilities of directional energy PRF radar system electronic directional energy that can create
neuromodulations (for neuro network conditioning of an individual in a Havana Syndrome scenario).
To induce Havana Syndrome, the frequency domains, and components of the electroencephalography (EEG)
of the individual are required. If electroencephalography (EEG) is not available, such an EEG can be
reconstructed through an extensive and comprehensive volume of voice records of an individual, using
EEG-based speech recognition (Lee et al. [Sensors, 21, 1399] 2021). The NSA, PRISM, ECHELON mass
surveillance programs provide access (to such voice records for covert operations.
The system just outlined above reported have initially obtained a rough set of EEG brainwave measurements
by working through a large volume of my voice records (easily accessible to via NSA, PRISM, ECHELON).
The first time that I experienced the associated piercing like Havana Syndrome PRF ultrasound
neuromodulations was occurred first was on 24 May 2021. Initially it was limited to my left cerebral cortex
regions, in particular the, Boroca area. The Borcoca area is associated with speech and the ability to
articulatarticulate ideas, as well asthe use of words accurately in spoken and written language. It is an important
area forin polygraphs (lie detection), using EEG. It has been extensively used by the mass surveillance
programs for the detection of potential spies, criminals and terrorisms by the US enforcements after 911.
Statistical correlations of voice records, written and spoken words with EEG measurements in polygraph lie
detection) have been extensively used by the US law enforcements and various US mass surveillance programs
in recent years, particularly after 9/11 to the extent that they may have violated human rights.
Detailed supplementary documents, supporting the above, including eyewitness accounts, can be
provided to you through my lawyer.
xxxxX
Executive Trustee of the Estate of
land Bolurfrushan Family

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 118, "chars": 678, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
X
From:
Dr. Greer wanted me to thank you for your note to him and asked me to reply on his behalf as he is currently traveling.
Before he can work out a call he would need some more information about the object. Would you please give some
details about where it was acquired and under what circumstances?
It would be helpful if you would be able to provide as many details as possible about the object's history.
Thank you
Sincerely
Assistant to Dr. Steven Greer
XX
Subject: Re: Inquiries
Dear Dr. Greer:
I am writing to verify whether you would be available to contribute to the design and execution of a scientific study of an
unidentified object..
1

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 124, "chars": 800, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The object is made of a hybrid nano-crystalline metamaterial, and it is currently accessible for research under an NDA
contract. Although it is extremely hard to describe, it is made of a nano-crystalline hybrid composite metallic structure, it
represents an unusual, trans-dimensional holographic form of fractal order.
For further details on the above, I would appreciate a telephone or FaceTime conference with you, if it can be
conveniently arranged, on this Tuesday 9 or Thursday 10 Aug, 9:00am, 11:00am your time or Fri 12 the same times, or at
any other time that would be more convenient to you.
I look forward to hearing from you.
prohibited from any further viewing of the e-mail or any attachments or from making any use of
lately and permanently delete the e-mail, any attachments, and
2
