{"created_utc": "2026-08-18T09:43:08Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 8765555, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122424-witness-10800-private-essay-on-project-looking-glass-9-11-cia-surveillance-1-31-2002.pdf", "source_sha256": "302e0f4d6d87d93fe8038096fd25d6ee905b3bddc4cc5f756b363f7dcf7dbfef"}

02/04/2002 13:11   FAX


                                                      S   f   2   11 -f-   of   1f4 i

  To: Dr. Steven M. Greer
  From:

  Total Pages: 21 including this one


                                            Thursday, January 31, 2O02.


  Dear Dr. Greer,
       I am a relative of an operative in U.S. intelligence. I am
  writing you at the urging of              , a eommnunication assistant
  at                       Center for Psychology and Social Change. I
  understand that you are attempting to promote government action on
  UFO's, such as Congressional hearings. This is of great interest to
  me for reasons that will become clear.
       On July 29, 1968, Congress held hearings on UFO's which featured
  prominent scientists. Those hearings did not change much. I think
  that for maximum impact there must be numerous hearings by different
  Congressional committees on different aspects of the UFO issue, from
  scientific issues to cover-ups by the C.I.A. and other agencies_
  Agriculture-related committees could investigate the Agriculture
  Department's failure to deal with the cattle mutilation issue.
  Energy-related committees could hold hearings on issues relating to
  UFO-related research being done by our national laboratories—which
  are overseen by the Energy Department. And so on. We see, for
  instance, that Congress' current eagerness to hold hearings by nine
  or more different committees on Enron has created tremendous
  expectations and media impact even before most of those hearings have
  gotten under way.
       I think one way of jump-starting such sweeping Congressional
  activity would be to create an annual "UFO Day," modeled on Earth
  Day. If many UFO Day events were decentralized across the landscape
  (i.e.--not just one centralized march or protest), the multitude of
  events would be sure to catch more media attention than flag burners,
  agents provocateurs or government-paid disinformation peddlers who
  might try to hijack UFO Day coverage. People who participated would
  be encouraged to fill out volunteer cards —and after UFO Day would be
  contacted again and recruited to make countless trips to Washington.
  D.C. to directly lobby Congress in person in support of holding
  hearings. In short, a huge media event, much of it grass-roots
  organized over the Internet, would be followed immediately by massive
  lobbying of Congress, by those recruited during the media event, and
  by grass roots UFO clubs formed to prepare for the media event.
       Personally, I think UFO Day should be scheduled every year on
  the first Sunday after July 6. Earth Day is on April 22nd, which is
  often a weekday and thus sometimes has depressed participation. By
  contrast,- a Sunday is ideal for UFO Day, with plenty of volunteers
02/04/2002 13:11   FAX


  available to make final preparations the day before on Saturday.
  Thus, UFO Day this year would fall on Sunday. July 14. The reason why
  UFO Day should be on the first Sunday after July 8 is that July 8 was
  the day the media (the Roswell Daily Record) reported that the
  military had admitted to the existence of         It was thus a rare
  joint moment of truth for the media and the government, and it is
  more important historically than the actual date of the UFO crash
  itself, which is still in some dispute, and at any rate, there have
  been other UFO crashes, possibly even earlier. Focusing on July 8
  sends the message: "The media and the government already fessed up.
  From now on we won't let them back out of it." I hope you can share
  my UFO Day suggestion with others.
       UFO Day could also be preceded by various "warm up" events, such
  as June 24, the anniversary of the highly credible Kenneth Arnold
  sighting two weeks before Roswell. Arnold, sparking the "flying
  saucer" term, described a series of objects moving "like saucers
  skipping on water"—i.e.—craft moving in spurts. This is perfectly
  consistent with government physicist Robert Scott Lazar's description
  of UFO propulsion technology distorting space and causing the UFO to
  move in sudden quantum leaps. Lazar described nuclear and
  electromagnetic components—consistent with many UFO witnesses'
  claims. In short, June 24 underscores UFO propulsion—the same
  behavior seen by thousands of UFO witnesses. TWO propulsion is thus
  the "Rosetta Stone" of the UFO issue.

       My main reason for writing you concerns some of this UFO
  technology. As the following essay explains, I have been a victim of
  ultra-high-tech C.I.A. surveillance specifically employing UFO
  technology. I am certain that this technology, an offshoot of UFO
  propulsion, comes from Project Looking Glass, one of the UFO research
  projects described by                     , who said he read briefing
  papers on Project Looking Glass. Project Looking Glass researched the
  physics of time manipulation and looking through time. The following
  essay explains this physics at length in terms of mainstream quantum
  physics for the layman, and then describes in detail the shocking
  events I personally experieced that prove the C.I.A. now has this
  technology in perfected, operational form.
       I am also convinced that this technologv could have been used to
  prevent the terrorist- attacks of 9-11 and the anthrax attacks against
  Congress. I am certain that because of this UFO technology the CA_A
  knew in great detail—in advance—about these attacks, and refrained
  from giving warning only in order to increase its own power in the
  crisis. Selfishly, Congress may be reluctant to risk embarrassment by
  holding UFO hearings. However, after 9-11, the UFO issue now compels
  Congress to investigate because technology from UFO's could have
  saved Congress from the anthrax attacks—which kept nearly half the
  Senate and their staffs out of their offices for weeks. With 9-11,
  self-interest finally forces the UFO issue on Congress. For the UFO
  movement this is potentially a great symbolic moment, like the day
  Rosa Parks refused to sit in the back of a bus.
       In his State of the Union address, President Bush said, "time is
  not on our side. I will not wait on events while dangers gather." In
  fact, I believe that is EXACTLY what he and the C.I.A. did on 9-i1,
and again during the anthrax attacks, because ALL these attacks
could have been prevented using Looking Glass technology. And despite
the baldfaced lies, he is right about one thing: If a scandal
explodes around Project Looking Glass--time is not on their side.
     You will find no fuzzy--minded new-age ramblings in this essay. I
think you will find this essay extremely clarifying, well-organized--
and scientifically accurate in terms of current scientific theory. I
also think you will find my description of the shocking events I
personally experienced very clear and compelling. If you contact me
you will find that I am very well-educated, lucid, articulate and
knowledgeable. It won't be a waste of your time. Please call me with
all questions you may have. I would be very eager to work with you on
UFO issues. Also please feel free to share this essay.
                                                                        04


  The C.I.A., Quantum Surveillance
                          And 9-:ll
 How the C.I.A. Could and Should Have Prevented the Tragedy of 9-11

  Why the C.I.A. Deliberately Sat on Extensive Advance Knowledqe of
      She Worst Foreiqn Attack on American Soil in U.S. History


                                      12-27-01


                      'Forewarned, forearmed."
                            —Cervantes


     During the Clinton years. Senator
stated, "the C.I.A. does things in incredibly complicated ways. You
won't know how they do it." In the following pages I'm going to tell
you a major portion of how they do it. What you are about to read
will shock you. You may find it exceedingly controversial. I'm going
to tell you things you don't want to hear. But you have no right not
to know.
     I am a relative of an operative in U.S. intelligence. Because I
know about crimes he has committed. I have been under the most
vicious surveillance and harassment. After meticulously studying
clandestine methods. I managed in 1998 to evade this surveillance in
ways Woodward and Bernstein never dreamed of and made it to Capitol
Hill to complain about the harsh treatment I have experienced.
     Unwilling to back off and concede defeat, the C.I.A. then upped
the ante, using against me the most ultra-secret, ultra-high-tech
surveillance technology. They literally leaked to me—repeatedly—the
existence of this technology,       hoping my knowledge of their
capabilities would intimidate me. Honest historians of the C.I.A.
will not be surprised. C.I.A. director Allen Dulles, for instance,
despite his penchant for the most chilling intrigue, could also be
utterly cavalier, egotistically leaking to his "pet" journalists some
of the most secret information when it suited him, to flatter and buy
them off.
     I never took an oath of secrecy. None of the information I am
about to share comes from classified sources. It comes from my own
personal observation and experiences with a crowd of cutthroats who
02/04/2002 13:11                                                     IJ05


                                 —2—

 thought that they could scare and play with me with their high-tech
 toys. Any crime is theirs, not mine. Much additional information in
 the following pages comes from already published leaks now available
 from open sources.
      As you will soon see. I have no doubt that the C.l.A. had
 elaborate, detailed advance knowledge of the events of 9-li, enough
 to have prevented the entire attack, and the anthrax attacks on
 Capitol Hill. The C.I.A. did not fail. They deliberately sat mum.
 They did this to gain vast new funding, power and wire tapping
 authority, plus more money for the Pentagon —even as they stabbed
 their own military brothers in the back by allowing the attack on the
 Pentagon. They got everything they wanted—by stabbing the whole
 country in the back. They are probably very pleased that they
 achieved such a vast sea change at a cost of "only" a few thousand
 American lives.
      I want to emphasize that this in no way alters my long-held
 belief in the justice of war against the sponsors of terror. As many
 who know me will tell, I have for years criticized what I regard as
 America's anemic response to Islamic extremism, the use of pin-prick,
 slap-on-the-wrist operations, the charade of pretending that the
 Pentagon is an air force. One could almost say you don't use the huge
 "daisy cutter" bombs to defeat these implacable monsters. You use
 them ot   qet their attention. The west has misunderstood these
 extremists for decades, as has the C.I.A. which backed so many of
 them. Senator           recognized the greater danger correctly after
 India and Pakistan both tested nuclear weapons. He stated: "There is
 now an Islam bomb." I have no objection to war against Islamic
 terrorism. We should have done it a long time ago. Islamic
 imperialism goes back centuries. The war is just. But the cold
 blooded way the C.I.A. got us into it when they could have saved all
 those lives, will haunt our nation for decades to come.
      The surveillance technology the C.I.A. has used on me, and which
 could and should have prevented the terrorist attacks, is based on
 principles o quantum mechanics. An understanding of this field is
 vital to policy makers, helping to clarify such critical issues as
 the   strategic    Defense   Initiative   (5.D.I.),    the   canceled
 superconducting Super Collider in Texas, the now up-and-running
 smaller superconducting ion collider of the Brookhaven National
 Laboratory on Long Island, the obsession with beefing up security at
 Los Alamos National Laboratory that was one of the motives in the
 charges against Chinese scientist Wen Ho Lee, and the federal
 government's High-frequency Active Auroral Research Project (HAARP)
 involved in experiments with ionizing the upper atmosphere. Thus, we
 must begin by first explaining quantum physics. Any way you slice it,
 you will find the following discussion most relevant. And as you will
 see, quantum surveillance does for surveillance what the atom bomb
 did for warfare.
      Nost people find discussions of quantum physics, or quantum
 mechanics as it is often called, extremely bewildering, either
 overly formulaic and technical or overly popularized. In the
 following pages I will endeavor to arrive at a conceptual "sweet
 spot" between these two extremes, describing the crux of quantum
 physics and its key issues in the most concise way possible. If you
 can find a better short explanation of quantum physics than the one
 that follows, let me know.
02/04/2002 13:11                                                     I06


                                 —3—

      To begin with, there are two broad areas of modern physics:
 Einsteinian physics and quantum physics. Einsteinian physics deals
 essentially with the macrocosm—vast stretches of space and distance
 and extremes of mass and velocity. In contrast, quantum physics deals
 with the inside of the atom —the microcosm. At the close of the 19th
 Century,   the originial Creek conception of the atom as an
 irreducible, solid,    marble-like object, the smallest possible
 component of matter, began to break down. The solid view of the atom
 gave way to an increasingly immaterial conception with a multitude of
 smaller particles possessing strange properties that defied the
 normal dimensions of matter. The atom itself emerged as being
 composed mostly of empty space. By the 193O's quantum physicists had
 outlined the most bizarre and unusual properties of the subatomic
 world, properties that defied even Einsteinian physics itself, but
 which are entirely normal for the subatomic microcosm. This does not
 make quantum physics wrong. It is simply that the macrocosm and
 microcosm function differently and Einstein himself sought to create
 a "unified field theory" that would tie both domains together and
 simultaneously explain all the different forces of nature—gravity,
 magnetism and so on —as different expressions of a single force or
 process, but Einstein died before he could achieve this theory.
      The central principle of quantum physics is this: Each subatomic
 particle exhibits at various times two different general modes of
 behavior, one called "corpuscles" and the other called "waves." When
 a particle is acting as a "corpuscle" (not to be confused with a
 blood corpuscle—a completely different meaning of the word) it
 behaves as a spatially localized package of matter and energy—what
 most people usually imagine a subatomic particle to be. But when,
 under various reproducible conditions, a particle behaves as a "wave"
 (not to be confused with waves of sound or light, again, a different
 meaning of the term), then the particle spreads out and occupies a
 much larger (albeit still very tiny) area, often called a "cloud of
 probability." The latter term implies an analogy to a droplet of
 water being vaporized into a relatively large cloud of steam.
      However, the analogy is only approximate. During "wave" mode, or
 "wave function" as it is often called, the particle inhabits all
 points within the cloud area but only in a manner of potential. It is
 potentially at any location within the "cloud" area. This sounds
 insubstantial enough, except that on the subatomic level the actual
 and the potential are strangely transposed. On the subatomic level.
 the potential is almost as tangible as the actual.
      For instance, imagine that you are in your car on your way to
 visit your Aunt Matilda. Unfortunately, you come to a fork in the
 road not mentioned in Aunt Matilda's directions. In advance of the
 fork you pull your car over by the side of the road, open up the
 glove compartment and try to make sense out of Aunt Matilda's
 directions. Ahead of you is the fork in the road. You could equally
 choose to go left or right. Potentially you could go either way. But
 because you inhabit the normal macrocosmic world, you are not yet in
 either branch of the fork even though      have the potential to take
 either route.
      However, because the dimensions of matter are distorted on the
 subatomic realm, if you were a subatomic particle during wave
 behavior, because the potential and the actual are distorted and
 transposed, to an extent you would actually be in all three
02/04/2002 13:11                                                     ! J07


                                 -4-

  locations simultaneously—ahead of the fork and also in the left fork
  and also in the right fork. While this would be ridiculous for people
  and cars, it is normal for subatomic particles during wave mode.
        Another example of this odd behavior is the famous "Heisenberg's
  Uncertainty Principle," conceived by physicist and 1932 Nobel
  laureate Werner Heisenberg. According to this well-established
  principle, the location and .velocity of an electron can be accurately
  determined only in inverse proportion. That is, the more accurately
  you pin down the velocity of an electron, the less accurately you can
  simultaneously pin down the electron's location (and vice versa). As
  your testing pins down the velocity, the electron's location becomes
  increasingly plural, a contradictory multitude of potentials or
  possibilities, sometimes called a "superposition of multiple states."
        Keep in mind that if all this sounds strange to you, it is also
  strange to quantum physicists themselves_ In the absence of a unified
  field theory, which may be developed some time in the next several'
  decades, quantum physicists are primarily concerned with the how —not
  the why—of such phenomena.
        Many scientific experiments have confirmed that particles can
  indeed act this way. For instance, a single electron in wave mode can
  be shot at an impenetrable wall or barrier with two holes in it, and
  will actually go through both holes simultaneously. Similarly, an
  electron in wave mode, positioned in front of an impenetrable
  barrier, can literally jump through the barrier as if it weren't
  there. First, as a wave, it inhabits locations on both sides of the
  barrier. Then it resumes normal behavior as a corpuscle solely
  inhabiting its location on the opposite side of the barrier.
        Moreover, if a particle inhabits two (or more) separate
  locations simultaneously, abandoning the first and resuming behavior
  as a corpuscle at the more distant location produces an instantaneous
  jump from point to point and without traversing the intervening
  space. Although the distances involved are tiny, this instant jump
  represents speed in excess of the speed of light. This does not
  violate Einstein's law that nothing can exceed the speed of light
  (since all additional energy of momentum at that speed is converted
  entirely into mass) because this speed limit refers specifically to
  motion through space. Particles in wave mode get around this (on a
  tiny scale) not by going faster through space but by skipping the
  space,
       The notion that a particle can pass through an impenetrable
  barrier by initially inhabiting both sides of the barrier as a
  transdimensional   wave   or cloud    of  probability   is  not   just
  theoretical. For instance, a "tunnel diode" is an inexpensive off-
  the-shelf electronic component you can buy at any good Radio Shack
  that performs a useful electronic function by forcing an electron to
  "tunnel" or jump across an impenetrable barrier in the only way it
  can —by assuming wave function. In short, quantum physics is already
  out of the laboratory and into consumer electronics. It also plays a
  role in the science of many other commercial and industrial areas,
  such as lasers. And quantum physics is now being employed in new,
  blindingly fast experimental computers (see Newsday, Wednesday,
  Auguqt 16, 2000, p. A49—"IBM Makes a 'Quantum' Leap," by Ilan
  Greenberg).
       Because distortion of the dimensions of matter on the subatomic
  level is so strange to most people, it may help to look at it in the
02/04/2002 13:11                                                       X08


                                  -5-

context of Big Bang theory. According to Big Bang theory, because of
their immense weight and gravity, all the galaxies and other matter
in the universe collapsed into a central point —an event sometimes
called "the Big Crunch." From there the universe exploded outward —
"the   Big  Bang." (One     of  the   objectives   of  the   canceled
superconducting Super Collider was to simulate, on a very limited
scale, conditions inside the Big Bang.)
     Prominent theoretical physicist, Michio Kaku, of the City
University of New York, has described the Big Bang in detail in a
cover story for Astronomy, America's best-selling astronomy magazine
(May '96 issue—"what Happened Before the Big Bang." by Michio Kaku,
p.34). According to Kaku, just before the Big Bang the pressure and
heat inside the compressed universe were so great that it not only
crushed the universe but even the very dimensions of the universe
themselves, shattering them, briefly, into many more dimensions than
we have now. The extra dimensions were unstable and decayed, leaving,
at the time of the Big Bang, the four dimensions we have now. states
Kahn.
      "For the past 50 years a cold war has existed between
       general relativity [Einstein's theory] and quantum theory:
       each theory has developed independently of the other, and
       each has had unparalleled success as long as it has stayed
       within   its domain.    However, the two       theories  must
       necessarily collide  at  the instant  of  the big  bang, when
       gravitational forces and temperatures were so fierce...At
       these energies. Einstein's theory becomes useless and
       quantum theory takes over. Quantum e       jyects overwhelm
       general relativity at a  temperature of  10   kelvins."

Kelvin is a temperature scale like Fahrenheit or Celsius, fovored by
scientists. Kaku is saying that at the beginning of the universe, the
universe followed the laws of the inside of the atom. Some scientists
have described the beginning of the universe as a single. super-heavy
"primeval atom." (For a lengthy discussion of this "primeval atom"
read Stephen Hawking's Universe: The Cosmos Explained by David
Filkin, with a foreword by physicist Stephen Hawking—viewed by many
as the world's greatest scientist.) once the Big Bang occurred the
universe was shattered into a sea of particles that coalesced into
the atoms that make up the universe we see today. In effect, the
atoms of today can be viewed as "fossil remains" of the original
primeval atom, and their dimensional distortions today can also be
viewed as "fossils" of the original primeval dimensional disruptions.
This helps explain why the subatomic realm today exhibits dimensional
distortions, even though quantum physics, in the absence of a
rigorous unified field theory, is primarily concerned with how.
      Now, what if a piece of technology could be constructed that
would bridge the two realms, the microcosm and the macrocosm? Imagine
a   machine that could     transfer the strange, transdimensional
properties of subatomic particles to large everyday objects like
cars, planes, people, house pets_ The implications for industry and,
as we shall see, for government surveillance, would be staggering.
     In 1935, one of the great giants of quantum mechanics, Austrian
physicist Erwin SchrOdinger, proposed a laboratory experiment that
would, in fact, lend the quantum properties of wave function to large
everyday objects.             , who played a pivotal role as one of
02/04/2002 13:11                                                     Ij09


                                 —6—

 the founding fathers of the entire field of quantum physics, proposed
  linking subatomic particles in a series of steps to the larger
  macrocosmic domain. The experiment went like this: A highly
  radioactive atom with a 50-50 chance of disintegrating in an hour is
  placed in a sealed box in such a manner that any particles released
  in the disintegration of the atom exhibit a superposition of multiple
  states. Because of this superposition, during the hour the
  radioactive atom is actually in a state of having disintegrated and
  not disintegrated simultaneously. Next. Schrodinger proposed placing
  a sensor in the box to note this disintegration. The sensor in turn
  would be linked to a mechanical device it would trigger that would
 cause a container of poison gas to be smashed if the sensor were
  activated. Finally. Schrodinger proposed one additional component to
  his experiment: An ordinary house cat, which would also be placed in
 the box.
       According to Schrodinger, in theory, since the atom is in a
 state of having decayed and not decayed simultaneously, the sensor
 should be in a state of being activated and not activated
 simultaneously, the poison gas should be in a state of having been
  released and not released simultaneously and—in theory, the cat, a
 macrocosmic object, should be in a state of being dead and alive
 simultaneously.
       This experiment, famously called "Schrodinger's cat," has been
 discussed in scientific journals for decades. For technical reasons
 it would not have worked and Schrodinger proposed the experiment
 merely in order to illustrate the dilemma of bridging the gap
  between human-scale reality and the quantum reality he helped to
 define. In effect, Schrodinger was using his proposed experiment to
 ask a question: Why do subatomic particles act so odd? Why can't
 larger objects act the same way? Having explained the "how" much
 better than the "why,"              was expressing his frustration and
 bewilderment with the field to which he contributed so much. He even
 once complained to a colleague, "I am sorry that I ever had anything
 to do with quantum theory."
       Schrodinger might have lamented less if he had known what other
 scientists would later do with his proposed experiment. In recent
 years physicists have successfully performed a series of exotic
 laboratory experiments in which objects much larger than subatomic
 particles, even as large as several thousand atoms though much
 smaller than a cat, were made to exhibit the plural wave behavior of
 individual subatomic particles. These experiments have been described
 in Scientific American (June, '97 issue, p.124) in an article
 entitled "Bringing Schrodinger's Cat to Life," Since its author.
 Philip Yam, is a staff writer for the magazine, not a guest writer,
 the article carries the weight of the magazine as a whole. (See also
 Popular Mechanics October '97, p.34, "Executing Schrodinger's Cat,"
 by the magazine's science/technology editor, Jim Wilson.)
       Separately, scientific journals and The New York Times have
 reported on an unusual experiment conducted in Lyon. France, in which
 a photon—a particle of light—was split into two photons each having
 half the energy of the original photon. The two photons were then
 sent down two adjacent fiber optic cables that at the end diverged by
 a distance of seven miles. At the end of the line, one o the photons
 was forced to veer off in a new direction. The other photon was not
 similarly constrained. However, at the end of its line, the other
02/04/2002 13:11                                                     X10


                                -7 -

 photon actually mimicked the behavior of the first, heading off in
 the same new direction, showing that, in accordance with quantum
 principles, the two photons behaved as a single photon inhabiting two
 different places—even though separated by a staggering seven miles.
      One of the strangest features of quantum physics is the well-
established fact that a particle in wave mode loses its wave behavior
 and reverts back to being a corpuscle the moment you observe it. This
 bizarre property helps explain SchrOdinger's consternation with the
 field he did so much to create.
      The above-mentioned Scientific American article offers a
solution to this strange mystery. Observing a particle always
involves interacting with it, by bombarding it with other particles
such as photons (particles of light). All particles possess at least
a tiny amount of mass and therefore a gravitational field. The
article gives the view of one of the world's leading scientists.
Roger Penrose, that what triggers the transition between wave mode
and corpuscle mode is gravity. We will soon see how important this
statement     is   for    physics— and    for   C.I.A.    surveillance
technology—with shattering implications for 9-11.
      Adding to the significance of the statement is the identity of
its author, Penrose. we stated above that Stephen Hawking is viewed
 by many as the world's greatest scientist. His contributions to
 physics have been popularized in the public television series,
"Stephen Hawking's Universe." (The above-mentioned book of the same
title, by David Filkin, was the authorized companion volume to the TV
series.) Hawking's critical work involved applying Einstein's
formulas to the early universe with important comparisons to the
compressed state of black holes. This work established Hawking as an
inheritor of the legacy of Einstein. Importantly, physicist and
mathematician Roger Penrose, of Oxford University in England, and the
leading black hole theorist, applying Einstein's formulas to black
holes, was the key collaborator with Hawking on his critical work.
This lends particular importance to Penrose' assertion that it is
gravity that triggers the transition between wave mode and corpuscle
mode. (Again. Penrose' assertion tells the "how," not the "why." of
wave function.) The statement may, in fact, be the most critically
important statement of modern science, as we shall see.
      In 1989 a physicist named Robert Scott Lazar. who had worked at
Los Alamos National Laboratory, appeared on KLAS-TV in Las Vegas.
Nevada, and told that he had worked on an ultra-secret U.S.
government project under the control of U.S_ intelligence, at a site
called "S-4," walking distance south of Area 51 in southern Nevada
(and referred to in secret government documents as part of the Area
51 complex). According to Lazar, the project he worked on involved
engineering aircraft that employed a gravity-like field to make the
entire aircraft assume wave function like a single subatomic particle
and move thousands of feet in a single instantaneous jump—skipping,
not passing through, the intervening space—thus facilitating
blinding speed. Additionally, an eye witness who observed test
flights of this craft in the vicinity of Area 51 supplied the media
with a video of the test, which was broadcast nationally, and it
shows exactly the behavior described by Lazar—jumps from point to
point in spurts, completely skipping the intervening space, (Of
course, such a craft would render the Strategic Defense Initiative
obsolete. With such blinding speed an aircraft could zip out to an
02/04/2002 13:11                                                    IJ11


                                 -   8-

 incoming missile well before it reached the U.S. and from there,
 keeping pace with it, it could be destroyed even with an old
 fashioned shotgun or the like. Such speed would also make it easier
 to check out decoys early.)
      Making matters even more interesting, Lazar said he had
 originally been interviewed for the job at S-4 by Dr. Edward Teller,
 the father of the H-bomb. Teller subsequently put his foot in his
 mouth—deep— by making a non-denial denial, saying merely that he
 didn't remember Lazar.
      In light of Lazar's claims and other leaks that add to and
 corroborate   his detailed assertions and      descriptions of    the
 technology, here is how the craft— a SchrOdinger's cat device--works:
 To begin with, it would be extremely difficult to produce large
 amounts of gravity without huge quantities of mass. But there is
 another force in nature, similar to gravity that, like gravity,
 attracts without regard to positive and negative magnetic charge,
 that can be easily produced in a small nuclear reactor. It is
 called—and this is the technical name—"the strong nuclear force"
 (as opposed to other, weakly interacting forces, magnetism and so
 on). The strong nuclear force is what holds the nucleus of an atom
 together and it is thus the main form of energy released in an atom
 bomb explosion, without the strong nuclear force, the protons in the
 nuclei of atoms would fly apart because they are all positively
 charged and like charges repel, as anyone can see with the magnets on
 their refrigerator, when like ends are placed together. The strong
 nuclear force is also released in a fission nuclear reactor, but the
 challenge is to control this release very precisely.
      Nikola Tesla offered a way to do this. Most science-minded
 people are familiar with Nikola Tesla, the Serbian-born American
 scientist and competitor of inventor Thomas Edison. Edison's work
 originated the General Electric Company. Tesla's work sparked the
 creation of Westinghouse corporation. Tesla was also the inventor of
 the induction motor—the type of electric motor today commonly used
 in thousands of applications. Tesla also did experiments to ionize
 the atmosphere—today the objective of the federal government's HAARP
 project. Thus history—and the U.S. government—have shown high
 regard for Tesla's ideas and legacy.
      one of Tesla's most unusual ideas was his assertion that
 extremely intense electromagnetic fields could be used to manipulate
 gravity. Normally, magnetism and gravity remain in their own separate
 worlds. But coming from Tesla the idea has to be taken seriously.
      According to Lazar. the technology he worked on employed
 extremely powerful electromagnets to manipulate the strong nuclear
 force (SNF) emanating from a small reactor. The SNF functioned as a
 substitute   for  gravity,  a   kind  of ersatz gravity and       the
 electromagnets channelled it into a series of beams that coalesced at
 a single point thousands of feet ahead of the craft. This produced an
 oblong cloud of probability that extended from the craft to a point
 far ahead of the craft. When the beams of strong nuclear force were
 then shut off, the craft was forced to resume a single location,
 preferentially choosing the more distant location because the beams
 of the SNF had been focused there.
      It is important to understand that Roger Penrose described
 gravity's action on quantum behavior as operating in what could be
 called the "wrong direction." That is, according to Penrose, gravity
02/04/2002 13:11                                                    X12


                                -   9-

 has the effect of stiflinq wave function and reverting to corpuscle
 behavior. But the objective is to influence the behavior of a large
 object in the opposite way—to promote macrocosmic wave function, not
 stifle it. Thus, the craft can not merely emit beams of the SNF per
 se, but must do so in a manner that works at cross purposes with
 gravity, more or less "shorting out" gravity (to borrow a term).
 Importantly. other government leaks beside Lazar's describe a very
 complex expression of fields emanating from the craft, with the
 electromagnetic fields rapidly rotating and oscillating. Lazar
 himself said the SNF produced by the craft is "out of phase" with
 normal   gravity,   proceeding   in  a   "longitudinal  propagation"
 (i.e.—beam-like) in a direction varying up to 180' at variance with
 the direction of the Earth's gravity. The purpose is not to make the
 craft buoyant, although that is a secondary effect, but to disrupt
 normal gravity enough that wave function is initiated. It is this
 wave function that facilitates blinding speed.
      It is not unheard of that a force can be used against itself in
 this way_ Just to give a very loose analogy, even sound can be used
 to stifle sound. For instance, there is a company called Noise
 cancellation Technologies that sells a machine that contains a
 computer capable of analyzing repetetive sound such as factory noise
 or the sound of a helicopter. The machine then emits its own sound
 pattern that is the exact reverse of the irritating factory
 noise—for every high pressure wave it produces a low pressure wave
 and   vice   versa—a    trough   for  every   crest—thus   perfectly
 complementing and stifling the noise. Even the deafening noise of a
 helicopter is silenced in this way. Noise is not gravity and the
 analogy can only be carried so far. But noise cancellation
 illustrates the use of a force to stifle itself, which occurs, in a
 different way, in the craft on which Lazar worked.

      And now we come to the most intellectually challenging part of
our subject. Up till now we have discussed wave function essentially
as a distortion of space. In fact, it is more than that. We said that
according to Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle the more accurately
you pin down the speed of an electron, the more indeterminate and
plural becomes its location. And vice versa: The more accurately you
pin down the location of an electron, the more indeterminate and
plural becomes its speed.
     •But what is speed? Speed is defined as distance times time
(e.g.-35 miles per hour.) Thus, whenever we speak of speed we are
considering time as a factor. This implies that the dimensional
distortions associated with wave function and related phenomena
involve not only distortions of space, but also of time.
     Time distortion is extremely evident in wave function. The very
notion that the potential and actual are' transposed, that the
potential behaves during wave mode as if it were tangible and actual,
places time distortion at the forefront of wave function. "Potential"
isn't about the present. "Potential" is all about the future.
Potential concerns what hasn't happened yet. As in our analogy to a
trip to Aunt Matilda's house, a particle inhabiting a point in
advance of a fork in its path and simultaneously inhabiting locations
further ahead along both forks, with the potential to go down either
fork, is behaving as if it already happened, as if it already went
down both forks. This shows that during wave function not only space
02/04/2002 13:11                                                     1 13


                                -   10-

 but time is acting plural and multitudinous. In other words, every
 subatomic particle, as a kind of fossil remain of the dimensional
 stresses of the Big Bang, frequently acts as its own time machine --
 naturally. During wave function the apparent tangible presence of a
 particle in nearby locations to which it merely has the potential to
 visit indicates that the particle is simultaneously inhabiting
 multiple, adjacent overlapping moments in time.
      This point goes far beyond mere speculative musing, what H.G.
 Wells once called "that luxurious after dinner hour when thoughts run
 free of the trammels of precision." Rigorous scientific work has been
 done on time distortion. For instance, the great and oft-quoted
 physicist Richard Feynman    won the Albert Einstein Medal and the
 Nobel Prize in physics for his work establishing that antimatter is
 what it is because for it, time is going backwards. Antimatter is
 matter in which a particle's behavior, particularly its charge, is
 reversed. For instance, electrons are normally negatively charged. An
 antimatter electron would be positively charged. Antimatter is not
 science fiction. Scientists have managed in the laboratory to make
 antimatter versions of almost all known particles. And antimatter
 electrons, more commonly called positrons, are used in industry. For
 instance, a PET scan machine, a hospital diagnostic tool, uses
 positrons. ("PET" stands for "positron emission tomography.") And
 Feynman won the Nobel Prize in physics for his work on the reversal
 of time that attends antimatter particles—that time is literally
 going backwards inside an antimatter particle.
      Equally intriguing are the dates of the awards Feynman received
 for this work_ His Nobel Prize was granted in 1965 and he received
 his Albert Einstein Medal in 1953. Thus, important, major scientific
 work on time distortion goes back at least half a century. Serious
 work on the physics and permutation of time has been going on—for a
 long, long time.
      According to Robert Scott Lazar, the former Los Alamos physicist
 who worked on and spilled the beans in 1989 on U.S. intelligence's
 schrodinger's cat technology at Area 51/5-4, there is a separate
 project that is an offshoot of the project Lazar worked on, called
 Project Looking Glass, whose stated objective is to research the
 physics of looking back through time. Lazar says he was actually
 given briefing papers to read on Project Looking Glass. Certainly,
 looking back through time could, for instance, make it possible for
 investigators to acquire an image of the face of a terrorist before
 he blew himself to bits, or mailed an anthrax-laced letter_ The path
 of an anthrax-laced letter could be followed back in stages to the
 mailbox where and when it was first mailed. But establishing a
 connection, technologically, between two separate moments in time
 holds for U.S. intelligence a much more ambitious prospect—looking
 forward in time—and you can be sure this is their primary objective.
      Lazar himself said that, when standing under the craft on which
 he worked, there was apparent a tremendous time distortion—
 consistent with the temporal aspect of wave function. The work of
 Lazar's own project clearly influenced this offshoot project. Lazar
 did not directly work on Project Looking Glass, but the technology
 would operate something like this: The strong nuclear force would be
 controlled and manipulated in a manner similar to the way it was
 manipulated in Lazar's craft, but the beams ,of the SNF would not be
 focused on a distant location. Instead they would be focused inward
 into the center of a vacuum test chamber. Without a spatially
02/04/2002 13:11                                                            I j 14


                                    —11—

 elongated cloud of probability the primary effect of the cloud of
 probability produced would be temporal, not spatial.
      Also directed into the center of the test chamber would be a
 stream of electrons at regular intervals, say, one every second.
 During some seconds no electron would be directed into the chamber.
 Thus, the presence or lack of presence of an electron each second
 would represent information —the ones and zeros of computer code. An
 enlarged cloud of probability would form around each electron. Each
 electron's wave function would extend a short way backward in time,
 e.g., ten minutes. Thus, each electron, or evidence of its presence,
 would be detectable in the chamber ten minutes earlier —and the
 electrons would be detectable in the same sequence. The resulting
 effect would be the transmission of information back through time.
 Once the information was received it could be resent another ten
 minutes further    back.   In this way    information could    be sent
 "hopscotch" fashion even days back through time. Any information
 could be sent this way —even the text of the news sections of the
 September 12, 2001 edition of The Washington Post.
      Thus,   the  technology  would  work   retroactively,   making  it
 possible after an attack to always give warning prior to the attack --
 the ultimate answer to Pearl Harbor_ In short,    Project Looking Glass
 is the biggest secret in the united States government--and you have
 no right not to know about it.

       For over two and a half years this project has taken on for me a
  special significance because the Central Intelligence Agency has been
  using quantum -based surveillance technology on me in an effort to
 terrorize me into silence about my relative's illegal intelligence
 activities. As I shall outline below, over and over and over —for
 more    than  two    and   a   half   years —operatives   of   the  Central
  Intelligence Agency have approached me and dropped to me glaring
 hints    that   they   had   advance —not concurrent—knowledge of         my
 movements and activities —activities concerning which I had not yet
 made any advance preparations whatsoever and about which I had not
 yet    told   a   soul.    The    intended   effect  was    intimidation — a
 demonstration of prowess. These operatives also repeatedly dropped
 verbal hints and other explicit suggestions that they could, in fact,
 manipulate time.
       It would be comforting and sensible to think they were lying.
 Two and a half years of shocking events disabused me of such wishful
 thinking. I dame to have contempt for these egotistical over-aged
 panty-raiders with their high-tech toys and their infantile attitude
 that they were the masters and creators of natural forces they merely
 manipulated. These people wanted to astound and terrorize me. At best
 you could say I was shaken, not stirred. And my contempt rose a lot
 on 9-11 when I watched the C.I.A. stand idly by while possessing an
 early-warning technology that they had just spent over two and a half
 years using on me for the most pathetically petty purpose of
 harassing and irritating me, at, I am sure, staggering taxpayer
 expense. These people lack the maturity to handle such technology.
 which must be placed under the strictest                of Congress. And a
 little American "glasnost"—openness with the American people--would
02/04/2002 13:11                                                      I Jl5


                                  —12—
        Here are some examples of how the C.I.A. used quantum
  surveillance on me: In 1999 a strange thing happened to me. A
  government informant who had previously snooped on me repeatedly
  approached me out of the blue and with a creepy little smile said in
  a slow, mysterious voice, "you don't have to hide it from me..." I
  had never seen him before in my neighborhood, always instead in a
  shopping area three subway stops away. In fact, less than five
  minutes before this odd encounter I had stepped into a men's room,
  and alone in the room, locked the door and then placed some excess
  money I was carrying into my shoe as a prudent safeguard against
  being mugged. I had not previously been in that men's room in many
  months, perhaps even a year or two. Yet this informant seemed to have
  unusual knowledge of what I had just done in privacy. If I had
  frequented that men's room, the political voyeurs in the C.I.A. could
  have placed a small video camera in that men's room. But I had not
  been in that men's room in many months.
        Making this incident more interesting. I had just come back from
  a brief trip to Washington to complain to people on Capitol Hill
  about the C.I.A. harassment I was experiencing, because of the
  knowledge I possess about the crimes committed by my relative in the
  C.I.A. In order to evade surveillance on that trip, I had left my
  building in the middle of the night through a circuitous route that
  avoided my building's normal entrances and exits. This route took me
  over a short spiked fence and I had momentarily placed a one foot
  segment of steel pipe with holes in one side over the spikes on the
  top of the fence, to make it easier to climb over without tearing my
  suit. The pipe was heavy and in any case I didn't want an unnecessary
  hassle with uptight security people searching my belongings upon
  entering the Capitol Hill complex. So I hid the pipe in the woods of
  a New York park before taking the train to Washington.
       Thus, coming immediately on the heels of this brief trip to
  Washington, the informant's strange utterance, "you don't have to
  hide it from me" took on a double meaning. The C.I.A. should not have
  known what I had done alone in a randomly selected men's room, and
  the C.I.A. should not have known that I had hidden something in a
  park either. Here's why: Between the time that I had left my building
  and the time that I had hidden the pipe in the woods I had spent at
  least four hours on the New York City subway changing trains over and
  over to be sure that I was not followed to the park —or to the Amtrak
  train to Washington. I had read many books on surveillance and
  surveillance evasion and even on how Soviet defectors had escaped
  from the K.G.B. and following a target through a large subway system
  is one of the most difficult and maddening tasks for a surveillance
  team.
       Moreover. I didn't just change trains. I would let several stops
  go by and then, without looking out of the window, collecting my
  belongings or checking a map I would suddenly leap off the train
  without any warning at all just as the doors were closing. Having
  been in a car at one end of the train I could then immediately in a
  single gaze check down the entire train to be sure no one else got
  off after me. If anyone had been following me they would have been
  stuck on the departing train. I waited until the train was gone so
  that any operative on the train would have been unable to see which
  staircase—and which train— I took next. I then immediately took
  another train on another track on another train line going out of the
  station in a completely different direction, randomly chosen.
02/04/2002 13:11                                                         16


                               -13-

       I repeated this procedure over and over for hours. There are
dozens of crisscrossing train lines and nearly five hundred stations
 in New York's vast, labyrinthine subway system. Up to 12 train lines
connect with a single station in dual directions—a total of up to
 24. In short, my procedure was a nightmare for any surveillance team
 that put Woodward and Bernstein's famed taxi changes to shame. I also
added a long list of additional ingenious maneuvers.
       There were other strange indications that the C.I.A. had been
 aware of my trip into the woods. After hiding the pipe I discovered
 that someone had followed me through the woods. And when, upon
 returning from Washington at night I retrieved the pipe, I discovered
 a police car strangely parked along my route through the woods that
suddenly turned its lights on me as I passed, even though I had
 repeated my subway changes before returning to the woods. I believe
 these occurrences were arranged by the C.I.A. to show me that I could
 not get out from under the C.I.A.'s surveillance thumb, so I had
 better keep my mouth shut.
      On another occasion I used the same kinds of maneuvers and
 highly random subway changes before mailing evidence and photographs
to capitol Hill about the harassment I was experiencing. I used the
all-night post office at 33rd Street and 8th Avenue in Manhattan, and
immediately upon leaving the post office I was photographed. I can
not believe that it was just a tourist who took that picture of me,
with a dreary post office in the background —at three in the morning.
Then, a day or two later, a stranger approached me on the subway,
singled me out, out of the blue, walked right up to me and began
shouting, "I've got some pictures of you!"
      It is important to emphasize that students of surveillance
 procedure know that suddenly jumping off a subway train as the doors
close, with no one else following and then immediately randomly
taking another train headed elsewhere, over and over, really . is a
fail-safe    method of ditching surveillance, especially in the
exhaustive, carefully-calculated, meticulous way I did it—for hours.
      Here is how quantum surveillance meets the challenge I posed to
the C.I.A: Let's say I make my first change of subway trains at the
14th Street station, ditching anyone who was following me at that
point. The C.I.A. now knows that at that moment I got off at 14th
Street_ This information is then sent back through time. They now
know in advance that at a specific moment I an going to arrive at the
14th Street station. Now they don't even have to follow me there
because they know I'm going there. Rather, they simply send someone
to that station to await my arrival in that station —and follow me
from there until the trail of pursuit is lost again. Let's say my
next train change is at the Times Square station at 6:20 A.M. They
know I got off there but were unable to follow further. So this
information is sent back through time and then they place an
operative in the Times Square station in advance of my 6:20 A.M.
arrival —who follows me from there. As a result they can track me all
the way to my final destination.
      A similar process can also be applied in reverse to track an
anthrax-laced letter back in stages to the time and place where it
is actually mailed —arresting the perpetrator before he even puts the
letter in the mailbox. The       reason the C.I.A. did not do this is
that they think it was mighty clever of Hitler to burn down Germany's
elected Reichstag and then ask them for more power in the emergency.
      As for my hiding money in my shoe, by conventional means the
02/04/2002 13:11                                                     117


                                 -14-

  C.I.A. would have had no way of knowing in advance that I would
  randomly pick some men's room, enter alone for just a moment and lock
 the door. Without warning ahead of time they would not have been able
 to place a video monitor in the men's room. However after I entered
 the men's room, the C.I.A. would have noted the time and place and
 communicated that information back through time. A small video camera
 could then have been placed in the men's room just before my arrival.
 Discovering that I had hidden money in my shoe this too could have
  been communicated back through time, a day or more. Then the
  informant who normally snooped in. the shopping area three subway
 stops away could be reassigned so that he would approach me five
 minutes after I left the men's room. His line that "you don't have to
 hide it from me" would be prepared for him in advance, written to
 apply equally to my hiding the pipe in the woods—intellectually an
 intimidating double punch —implying, of course, that I can't hide
 from the C.I.A. This kind of choreography required advance knowledge
 of events—which only quantum surveillance could provide.
       On another occasion on an impulse and without any advance
  indication or mention of my intentions I walked into a Radio Shack in
  my neighborhood and bought a Casio watch from a large display of
 Casio watches. I selected a style of watch I had never bought before.
  After I got home, having not yet left the watch alone—e.g.—by
  leaving my apartment, the watch alarm suddenly went off though I had
 not set the alarm. The moment the alarm went off was the very moment
 that a TV show was scheduled to come on dealing with the theme of
 time travel. Cute. The C.I.A. had no conventional way of knowing in
 advance which watch I would choose from the display, or even that I
 would suddenly and impulsively buy a watch at all —but using
 conventional snooping to find out what I had bought, this information
 could then have been sent back through time, enabling the C.I.A. to
 know in advance which watch to tamper with, and the watch alarm could
 have been set before I came into the store—either by a paid-off
 employee, or someone posing as a customer.
       Because of my knowledge of my relative's illegal intelligence
 activities. I have been subjected to every imaginable harassment,
 including the playing of deafening music near my apartment. After the
 C.I.A. began using its quantum technology on me, this harassment
 began to precede anti-C.I.A. activities of mine. If I called a news
 organization or public interest research group or made some other
 initiative to complain about the C.I.A.. on the weekend before,
 blasting-loud harassing music would be played near my apartment. This
 happened over and over for months, like clockwork, although I gave no
 advance notice or indication of any kind whatsoever, neither
 verbally, in writing a note to myself, nor otherwise that I intended
 to make such calls or initiatives. Nevertheless, this harassment
 perfectly coincided with my upcoming activities. The operatives gave
 every indication that they knew what I was goinq to do.
      Still another favorite game of these spoiled intelligence brats
 with nothing better to do was to blast music or endlessly set off car
 alarms right before I went to sleep, to keep me up—even before I
 made any    preparations or indications whatsoever that I intended to
 go to bed soon, and even though my sleep schedule varied widely and I
 was often up late at unpredictable hours reading or the like.
       Moreover, noise harassment was particularly deafening —and
 dependable —shortly before some TV show or movie was broadcast with a
 time travel theme, including the Kirk Douglas movie, The Final
02/04/2002 13:11                                                    T 18


                                — 15—

 Countdown—a film about a freak accident that makes it possible for a
 modern aircraft carrier to go back in time and stop the attack on
 Pearl Harbor. The noise always stopped when the show was scheduled to
 come on —in the hopes I would watch it and come to imagine the C.I.A.
 to be "all-powerful deity." This particular harassment did not
 require quantum surveillance. It required reading in advance the TV
 Guide. However, it still underscores how derelict the C.I.A. was on
 9-11.
      As part of the harassment I've experienced, numerous people in
 my building have been paid off to watch and follow be obsessively. On
 various occasions at different times of the day or night I would
 leave my apartment without any preparation or warning, even just to
 take out the garbage or check my mail. Yet these paid informants
 would appear out of nowhere to follow and watch me. They seemed to
 know where I would be and when. One of these paid informants, my
 super,            , who has followed, harassed and even assaulted me,
 would begin "cleaning" right outside my apartment shortly before I
 left, even before I had made any preparation or indication that I
 intended to go out. My apartment is one flight up and at other times
 he would appear at the bottom of the staircase, waiting for me_ When
 I instead took the elevator in the hopes of not running into him. I
 found him in the lobby standing in front of the elevator door. He
 gave every indication of knowing—in advance—whether I would come
 down by the elevator or stairs. Imagine how you would feel if someone
 were not only stalking you, but anticipating your every move.
      In other instances, with perfect choreography, informants would
 be descending a flight of stairs adjacent to my door just as I opened
 it, or entering the building with a pizza and passing me just as I
 momentarily checked my mail —at what is, for my building, the deadest
 hour of the night—three A.M. (As far as I know, there is no all-
 night pizza shop in my neighborhood.) If I intended to make or fix
 something in my apartment with a hammer, several minutes before I
 made any indication whatever that I intended to do so, someone
 upstairs would begin hammering loudly—using quantum Surveillance to
 taunt me.
      I also prepared a series of essays analyzing evidence of the
 C_I.A.'s targeting of my family, which for security reasons I would
 prepare in marathon sessions without leaving my apartment and then
 Xerox and mail to relatives in still untyped form. Upon my leaving my
 apartment with a manuscript, my super,            , would confront me
 in the stairwell and, with a hysterical laugh, parrot the first
 sentence of the essay —showing that the C.I.A. had read it before
 intercepting it in the mail.
      In one of the more colorful incidents. I was sitting one day in
 Bryant Park in Manhattan. near the huge 42nd Street and 40th Street
 libraries where I have done research on the C.I.A. i was thinking the
 word "relax." Just then someone rushed past me wearing a coat with
 lettering sewn on the back that read, "RELAX YOUR MIND." I was
 careful never to make eye contact with the man and only read the
 words in a glance when the man's back was turned to me, and
 subsequently only observed him with peripheral vision so as not to
 invite any interaction with him. Yet he kept turning his head to make
 furtive glances back toward me and this continued even when he was
 hundreds of feet away. I have little doubt that an attempt was being
 made to rattle me by showing that the C.I.A. knew what I was
02/04/2002 13:11                                                         19


                                 —16—

 thinking. Sadistically, they were saying, "feeling tense? Think you
 need to relax? Go ahead—try to relax—while we're reading your
 mind."
      There was only one problem_ The stupid dopes had overreached and
 goofed. I was not thinking that I needed to relax. I was, in fact.
 thinking about the New York race for the U.S. Senate to replace the
 retiring Senator                             , whose loss I felt
 particularly because he once said, "the C.I.A. should be terminated
 with maximum prejudice,' with its—legitimate—functions transferred
 to other departments, a kind of watered down version of President
 Kennedy's private statement that he intended to "smash the C.I.A.
 into a thousand pieces." I was thinking about Hillary Clinton's
 impending race for Senator             seat and how tense she looked
 on camera. I was thinking that she needed to relax.
      I do not for a minute believe that the C.I.A. read my mind.
 What, in fact. I think happened was this: "At some point I muttered
 "relax" under my breath. Being under—conventional—surveillance in
 an open park, the C.I.A. observed me mutter the word. They then sent
 this information back through time, sewed the words "relax your mind"
 onto the back of a coat and then had an informant wearing the coat
 pass me just before I was to mutter the word. Of course, under the
 circumstances, surprised by the incident. I never did open my mouth.
 It thus looked as if they knew what I was thinking. This almost
 comical incident exemplifies the kind of petty, childish, giddy panty
 raid crap that the C.I.A. has been wasting its time and taxpayers'
 money on me for over two and a half years—while the country faces a
 terrible crisis.
      Finally there was the harassment I experienced surrounding a
 trip I made to Washington. December 9-17, 2001. This trip was
 different in that during the trip I mentioned information about
 quantum surveillance to people on Capitol Hill—although I had not
 yet written any of it down or mentioned it to anyone previously. Yet
 somehow the C.I.A. seemed to know, days in advance, what I had
 planned_ Days before by departure a man appeared at my apartment and
 shouted through my locked front door that if I. didn't stop
 complaining the C.I.A. would have me "put away."            Which is
 interesting because the only materials I was preparing to bring to
 people on Capitol Hill were materials I had already faxed to many
 people there, none regarding quantum surveillance. Then. once I was
 in Washington, before meeting anyone on Capitol Hill, two men
 approached me near my motel and told me I had a "big mouth" and to
 keep my big mouth shut. Having not yet visited Capitol Hill offices
 on that trip I hadn't yet opened my mouth. Moreover, I had made
 previous trips to Washington, and one with my sister, and none of
 these other trips involved that kind of treatment while I was in
 Washington. In terms of what I had to say on Capitol Hill this trip
 was different—and the C.I.A. made it clear they knew—in advance.

      It is important to understand the mortal threat quantum
 surveillance poses to democracy, literally threatening to end
 democracy as we know it. Quantum surveillance facilitates the
 rigging of events to an undreamed of extent. For instance, knowing
 days in advance the final vote in a series of Congressional races
 would make it possible in the final week of the campaign to shift
 money out of races that were ultimately lost causes into races closer
     02/04/2002 13:11                                                     I zo


                                      —17—

       than anticipated where the funds in the final week would have made a
       difference. Opinion polling could also be manipulated. It would work
       like this: Conventional surveillance would be used to monitor the
       phones of a polling organization. Let's say the C.I.A. doesn't like
       candidate "X." The time and phone number of every call reaching a
       voter who said he liked candidate "X" would be sent back through
       time. Bogus stock brokers or other fake salesmen would then call up
       each such voter and tie up his line while the polling organization
       was trying to reach him. Polling manipulation could totally distort a
       candidate's platform, a dirty trick dooming his candidacy.
            With quantum surveillance a public figure could also be
       abducted, frisked, drugged, hypnotized or tortured to extract
       information. Once the information was extracted it would be sent back
F      through time, making the entire abduction unnecessary. The public
       figure would never know the information had been extracted from him.
       similarly, an office could be burglarized and files ransacked or a
f      bug placed in the office. Once the information sought was obtained
       and sent back through time, the entire burglary would become
       unnecessary and could be canceled—leaving no trace.
            Finally,   quantum   surveillance   could   facilitate   perfect
'      assassinations. Let's say a public figure goes on a skiing vacation
       in Colorado. He is placed under conventional surveillance and the
       surveillance team learns that at a certain place and time he nearly
       skis into a tree, coming within five feet of it. This information is
       communicated back through time. Now, just before the critical moment
       a stooge is placed on that ski slope, forcing the public figure to
       shift his route. Let's say the result is that now the public figure
       comes within six inches of the tree. This information too is sent
k      back through time, even earlier, preempting previous instructions.
       The position of the stooge is modified further and now the public
       figure has a fatal accident. A similar procedure could create a fatal
'      car crash.

             Understand: The science of this technology has arrived. Any
       quantum physicist not beholden to a government contract will tell you
       honestly that the development of such technology is possible.
       Government leaks, recent physics experiments and my own personal
       experience with the C.I.A. strongly suggest that the possible is here
       now —and in the wrong hands. If I am wrong, why was I directly told
       that the C.I.A. would have me "put away"? Why did two men approach me
       in Washington and tell me I had a "big mouth" and to keep my big
       mouth shut? The harassment to which I have been subjected has also
       increased tremendously even during the writing of this very essay.
F      Why?
             If you had been told in 1940 that the United States government
       was about to develop a bomb that could destroy an entire city, and
       that the bomb was only the size of a suitcase or steamer trunk, you
       would have said that was ridiculous. Physics is the most advanced of
       the sciences, dealing with the deepest secrets of nature. And the
       nucleus-binding strong nuclear force used in quantum surveillance is
F      the same force released, differently, in an atomic explosion. It was
       only a matter of time before physics did for intelligence and
       surveillance what it did for warfare.
!'          Man manipulates the space around him. Yet, although Einstein
       described space and time together as a single continuum, most people
02/04/2002 13:11


                                -18-

 assume that time manipulation is impossible simply because it never
 happened before. We never built machines that could carry human
 conversation across the globe. Then we did. we never built machines
 that could broadcast a person's face around the world. Then we did.
 We never built factory robots. Then we did. We never built machines
 that could think. Then we did. We never landed a man on the moon.
 Then we did. We never built the atomic bomb. Then we did.
      I strongly support the war on terrorism. We should have kicked
 the crap out of those murderers a long time ago. But it is not the
 whole story of 9-11. The C.I.A. possesses extraordinary capabilities
 that it conceals from Congress and the public. On 9-ii, 2001, the
 C.I.A. considered its capabilities —and its interests—with complete
 indifference to human need. Nothing could be more dangerous. There is
 an old tale told about an army that returned victorious from a great
 war. A wise man stood at the city gate and said to them strangely,
 "you are returning from a minor skirmish to a great battle—the
 eternal struggle over your own evil inclination."
