{"created_utc": "2026-10-04T21:10:24Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 11184667, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304146771464749, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122495-the-american-that-ruled-rome-by-philip-j-corso-gsc-u-s-army.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540904470000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/122495-the-american-that-ruled-rome-by-philip-j-corso-gsc-u-s-army.pdf", "source_sha256": "58a57ee015c937091fe98228de12f8ac9bea08b9182734599624ed2da6987920"}

•-•


                           THE

                         AMERICAN

                           THAT

                        RULED ROME


                            BY

          PHILIP J. CORSO GSC---U.S. ARMY RETIRED


0
0
0
0
CP

                                                                          Ic


                                  FORWARD


          During the last few years, I decided that many of my real

     life experiences were genuine historical records which might

     be lost in time, were they not put in print.   I was a combat

     intelligence officer in England, North Africa then Italy, during

     World War II.   I became Chief of Intelligence and Security of

     the Rome area Allied Command and responsible for the security

     of our troops and our installations.   This was followed by Korea

     and an assignment in the headquarters of the far east command

     under General Douglas McArthur.   Next, a four stint in the White

     House National Security Council, under President Eishenower.

                                                                         0
          Then I took command of a combat missile battalion, Followed    CD
     by an assignment as Inspector General of 7th United States Army

     in Germany.   I rounded out my military career as special
                                                                         •0
                                                                          0
     assistant to the Chief of Army Research and Development with         CD
     duties in counter insurgency in support of Vietnam operations.       CD
          Geographical, geopolitical and historical content were          CD
     not if importance.   I was a foot soldier, often deep in the
                                                                          CD
                                                                          CD
     swirl of combat, and I neither saw nor cared about the larger        CD
     vortex of events in which I was caught.   My experiences were

     mainly face to face confrontations with those I considered my
                                                                         CD
                                                                         C)
     enemies.   Who I found not only from without, but from within.
                                                                         CD
                                                                         CD
                                                                         CD
                                                                         CD
                                                                         CD
          In high School I remember reading George Washington's

      farewell address, given in Philadelphia on September 17, 1796.

      He said, "The unity of government which constitutes you one

      people is also now dear to you.    It is justly so, for it is

      a main pillar in the edifice of your real independence, the

      support of your tranquillity at home, you peace abroad, of your
 11   safety, of your prosperity, of that very liberty which you so

      highly prize.   But as it is east to foresee that from different

      causes and from different quarters much pains will be taken,

      many artifices employed, to weaken in your minds the conviction

      of this truth, as this is the point in your political fortress

      against which the batteries of internal and external enemies

      will be most constantly and actively (though often covertly

      and insidiously) directed, it is of infinite moment that you

St    should properly estimate the immense value of your national

      union to your collective and individual happiness."

-L         I verified that our country not only had enemies from

      without, but was honeycombed with those from within, and as

      George Washington said "Often     covertly and insidiously."


      PART I-will cover how I faced the enemies from without
                                                             in
      Italy.
L.
      PART II will cover how I faced
                                     and identified the enemy from
      without in Korea and those from
                                      within, in Washington D.C.
         ii

-^


     11

1.1
11 .
                                  .s4.   icairestnety


I
               W               YOU
     ,1
              FOR U.S.ARMY
              NEAREST RECRUITING STATION
     L
   CD
   CD
   C)
   CD
  C)
  CD    law and honor the Constitution.      However, these were
  CD
        extraordinary times and you had to put aside due process and
  CD
  CD    constitutional    provisions, our Country and soldiers came first.

  CD    The gun and knife governed.     You learned well and performed
  C)    well. Your type of mentality and unusual gift, fitted the
 CD
        occasion perfectly.
 CD
 C)          You left Rome in a blaze of glory     and a grateful United

 CD     States Army and Italian Government, heaped decorations on you.
 CD     Even the Vatican was grateful to you. Now put your gun and knife
 CD
        aside and a pleasant interlude at Ft. Riley, Kansas.        The war
 CD
 CD     clouds were gathering and I have it all planned, you will go,

 CD     in the first days of the Korean war.     Your duties--bombings,
CD      counter-insurgency, guerrilla war, agents, intelligence,
CD
        brainwashing, psychological warfare, the truce delegation at
CD
CD      panmumjom and political warfare.      You performed well, more

CD      declarations and citations.
CD           Now, you are ready for the biggest test of your life, the
7)
        President's National. Security Council.     Now, I must tell you
7)
7)      soldier, you are about to engage in one of the greatest battles
7)      of you life.     You will be confronted by an amazing intellectual

        arrogance.    You are on your own.   No guidance from me.    The

        intellectual elite will insist that you put aside your gun and

        knife and cleanse your brain of God, Country, family and

        everything else you have learned.     They want you to accept their

        Doctrine even if it goes contrary to all you were taught, and

        fought for.    The highly educated and intellectual class know

        what is best for you, and you must comply.      I realize you made
       a vow at Panmumjom, to smoke them out.     Just as they didn't

       care about the 55,000 dead in Korea, you will be worthless. and
I]     a danger because you threaten their existence, they criticize

       the United States but never the Communist.     However, even when

       J. Edgar Hoover told you he could do nothing you went ahead.

       You are a hard headed, patriotic fool.      You will suffer attacks

       on the floor of Congress and the newspapers.     Even the mud rucker

       Drew Pearson, in his book called you a McCarthyite, but a tough

       Colonel.   You expose them to the United Senate, and to the

       Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy.     How many times did you

       say, Why Me.   Like millions of little people who went       to war

       with you, you kept plodding.     You used security files and many

       were suspended from Government service.      You couldn't use the

       gun and knife, but sent word to them.       There are other ways

       to expose and destroy them.      You were labeled as a dangerous

       kook!   But you were my kook.     You skirted and bent the

       Constitution, they. gave it lip service and hoped to destroy

       it.    But, you and your kind. fought to preserve it, and did.

       They thought themselves as the blue-blood elite.      But, could

       not prevail as the Italian General told you, against the FREE

       American Foreign Legion, of which you were one.     I was always

       proud when you received decorations and citations, because you

       always felt you were a little man from a little town.        You always

       felt you won few battles, but you and those like you, held the

       line until the American people woke up.      They elected President

       in    conservative landslides.    The time of the liberal

     -. establishment had passed. You survived, because you held them
    in contempt and loved your Country.

        I see clouds approaching, you warned and proved to Pentagon

    that the blue prints of Vietnam for another 50,000 dead had

    been laid in 1956.    You often felt naked without the gun and

    knife, so    I order you take them up again as a combat unit

    commander     entrusted with automic weapons.    You wear the green

    tabs of     command on your shoulder lapels proudly.   Your soldiers

    are well trained, they perform well, and achieved the first

    perfect missile shoot in the history of the United States Army.

      grateful Army Commander Appoints you as Inspector General

    if the 7th Unites States Army in Germany.

         I can sum this tour of duty up in short phase taken from

    a "Certificate of Achievement." Your expert professional

    knowledge, initiative, and hard work were instrumental in

    determining weak areas within the command.      This provided the

    key for corrective action which materially improved the

    operational efficiency and combat readiness of the 7th Army.

         Then a short tour as Senior Adviser to the Maryland National

    Guard. The Guard was responsible for all nike sites and air

    defense of the National Capitol.     The Cuban Missile Crisis was

    looming in the horizon.     With missile to be aimed at our Capitol,

^


    you were the first regular officer with command experience,

    they ever had.     You got then though, for the first time, all

    readiness inspections.    They were so grateful that they made

    you a lifetime, honorary member of the Maryland National Guard.
                                                     .                •••


                                                         The Adjutant General of the State of Maryland informed

                                     that the Chief of Army personnel had requested your assignment

                                     the Pentagon as Special Assistant to the Chief of Army Research()

                                     and Development, Lieutenant General Arthur G. Trudeau.                              Here yc.30
                                     run, head on, against the,DiWeral, establishment and their

                                    censorship of the speeches of Army officers.You take this in C)
                                                                                                 ()
                                  hand and expose it as United States policy, geared not to oppose°
                                  BIM:   Moltcp
                                 AComMunism—or Socialism. Most members of Congress and much of thC)

                                     media are pleased at the exposure.                             You watch the Cuba Missile    C)

                                    Crisis approaching and have a hand in hastening the exposure of C)
                                                                                                    C)
                                    the issue. You head the Foreign Technology Division .or AgAYAO ()

                                    and see the dangers of the test ban treaty.                              Then participate in()

                                    many technical developments.                              You earn your last medal and decid‘)

                                    to retire.                              The Chief of Staff of the United States Army in. a    C)
                                                                                                                                  ()
                                    Certificate of Appreciation says,                              "You have helped to maintain   c)

                                    the security of this nation during a host critical period in its°

                                    history with a devotion to duty and a spirit of sacrifice in

                                    keeping with the proud traditions of the Military service."

                                                      Now, I extend my right hand to you, and proudly shake your

                                    hand, give me your gun and knife. I took you as a boy and turnedC
                                        WPC LIKS AV RYWAL re& reap. avr opzy to Hvvr H00 K/44.
                                                                                        d I must demand C
                                    you into a predatorA now I 'release you as a man a n-

                                    you wipe all thoughts of how to kill and maim from your mind.

                                    That is the American way.                              I know your enemies remain and they

                              'won't forget.                                   There are other ways to fight them and you have

                                   the mind to find out how to use the means within our society.

                                                      With pride I give you to take with you, my best wishes and

                                   those of your comrades for happiness and success in the years


               -'-'17t4   ""'...V." irt.. ''''   '. :•-• -i'l   r 4
_1, 1' Y77..."7.
-
00000000000000
                                                                                                       vi

                                   that lie ahead.
                                                                       no
                                        When those that don't understandAcriticize you for not

                                   adhering to the Constitution, remind them of Thomas Jefferson's

                                   word's...

                                        "A strict observance of the written laws is doubtless one of
                                        the high virtues of a good citizen, but it is not the
                                        highest. The laws of necessity, of self — preservation, of
                                        saving our Country when in danger, are of a higher  ,
                                        obligation."


                                        In response now Sir, may I say something to you in


   00000000000000000000000000000
                                   conclusion — Uncle Sam, the spirit of the Republic, God or

                                   whomever or whatever you are, thank you for letting me be born an

                                   American.    The freedoms I live and enjoy are without parallel.

                                   The baseball, football, and basketball games, the picnics and

                                   carnivals, the schools, the proms and dances, the dates and

                                   outings, town meetings and Church functions.    My seven year old

                                   1929, $100.00 Ford, poker games, college, and the many, many

                                   other wonderful things in my life, and finally the most important

                                   of all — my family and friends, which no tyrant would rule over

                                   while we lived.    Hitler, Mussolini, Stalin and all tyrants of the

                                   right and left were the enemies of our way of life.    This the

                                   liberal's never understood, or would face up to...    I should

                                   express my gratitude to you for giving me the ability and courage

                                   to live through and to help preserve these simple things and

                                   truths which mean so much.

                                        What a wonderful feeling as I look back to know that all my

                                   life I have lived in Freedom.    My Grandchildren, Philip, 3,

                                   Ricky,   6 and Andy, q are beginning to ask, "Granddaddy, what did
                                   you do when you were a soldier?"    I have taken the time to answer
                                                                   Lgt
                                                                  vii   o

their question.   The time and effort is well worth it.   If my

life experiences teach them even one lesson which will help them

survive as free men in a troubled World.   I will go HAPPY.

And I hope they learn that with certain human events there is no        0

room for excuses, regrets or compromise.
                              INTRODUCTION


      Just before I was drafted into the Army of the United

 States, I was the famous recruiting poster of "Uncle Sam"

 pointing at me.   If he could have spoken to me at the time,

 he would have said the following.

      "I took you from a small town in Pennsylvania along with

 thousands of others, I gave you a gun and a knife, and taught

 you how to use    them to kill other humans.   You were a special

 case, so I taught you how to kill with a rope, a wire and even

 a piece of wood. You were taught how to gouge eyes, break bones,

 and use the toe, or heal of you shoe, not to maim, but to kill.

      Do you remember on the station platform, after basic

 training, all of your buddies left, but you were left by

 yourself.   You had scored the top score in- your'I.Q. test and

  were kept on the cadre.   I had other ideas for you.   You asked

 to go to Officers school and shortly after was commissioned

 a Second Lieutenant.   In less than three years you were a Major.

 In England you were trained by the British in Intelligence.

 Then North Africa, Sicily, landings in Italy, at Salerno, then

 the battle of Cassino, another landing at Anzio, you were well

 honed in battle, then, I needed you in Rome.    I am proud and

 so are you, on how you performed.    I three and one-half years

 of occupation; not one American killed or one of our

' installations touched.    You were taught as a boy to obey the
                                                                                                 0


•••••                                                                                            80
        Italian Front

         IMIlan Mils to Set Army,Aprd 29,194$
          ruria . . . " -             30. -
                                              218                               Italian Front

                                                                   SECOND WO-RLD WAR
                                                                       CAMPAIGNS
                                                                                                  0
                                                                        1943414
                         A                                         11.490 MUM thrum
                IL                                        1.;
                                                                          10       no    •no
                                                                            Atilts
                         Milan'S
                        sit
                                         Padua Vernet
            June


                 aliewCanol
           41,24•
                                              110011111
                                    tr
           Agorae:mate
           Alliedline
           Dee 31/944
                                                ARMY                               Nob
                                                                Cassino fails
                                                                hiey18,1944

                                                                         Approximate
                                                                         AlheiMir
           Fallof Rome                                            4.5r — Oct /943
                                                ame
           June 4./944                                             awe-,       Foggia falls
           Anzio Botchionnt                                        onto 4mPli• to OthArnty.
           Jolt 22-May2S                                                         Sept 29,194
                 /944                                           Caserta
                                                     Map/ a.
           Allied rantsjoin
           May 25;1944                                      Sal
          • Naples fags to SA
           Army OW 1943
                                                                   Belvelenevik
           Allted forces land
           Sopa 9, 1943                                               Cosenza
           British forces advance
           along the coast


                                                                             tom

                                                        'Catania   Messina falls to
            glogento las to Aderican                  Argo, Aural— American *roes
            cures July M.2943                     tics     bract,  andallorgantred
            atelettrano July.22.1943                               resistance 04
                                                                   theislarnictasas
                                                                   Aug 17, 1941

                                            Area of first                    Syracuse tails to
                                            landings                         Ehotrsh form
                                                                             /u/.t /2,1943
    0
    0
                 exams my grades were always 95 to 100    I gave the Valedictorian

                 speech at High School graduation, and college was just as easy.

                 I thought nothing of this ease of learning and surmise that      ,

                 some just learned easier than others, since there were other


            El   good students in my classes.

                      Soon after Pearl Harbor, I was drafted into the United

                 States Army.    My first month's pay, after deductions, was $14.00.

                 Two young Second Lieutenants, wearing campaign hats, gave me


o                orders one day.   I said to Myself, "Must I go into combat and

                 take orders from shavetails such as these." I want promptly

2       11       to headquarters and applied for Officers Training School.       Two

0                weeks later I was on my way.
0
                      Academics came easy, though my military bearing left much

                 to be desired.    I spent two weeks in boot camp.   But I made
0

                 it, and in December 1942, I was commissioned to 2nd Lieutenant
0


                 in the Army of the United States.

                      After leaving Officers School, I joined and Artillery


        _        Battalion at Camp Edwards, Massachusetts, but this only lasted

                 a few weeks.    I early 1943, I received orders to attend the

                 Military Intelligence Training School at Camp Ritchie, Maryland.

        LI            Training at the U.S. Army Intelligence School included
D                Orilla warfare.     We were taught how to kill with a stick, nylon
D
                 cord or wore,    how to gouge out eyes, smash back an Adam's apple,

                 kick in vital parts, break bones and how to use a knife, always

                 aiming at soft vital parts.    I liked the knife, and learned

                 to be most proficient.   I could throw it from a distance.
    I said that the spirit of man runs deeper than conditioned

reflexes.

     I knew I could never go back to my past life and remain:cl

in the Army.   I will also describe how I saw and felt the

mutations and transformations as they occurred in my inner self.

What I wrote in 1954 was true of certain values and moral

concepts, the spirit of man ran deep, but in certain areas I

never went back, all the way.    To my p117 war personality.

Many Vietman veterans can attest    to this fact.


                            THE BEGINNING


I was born, of Italian immigrant parents, living in a small

town of 6000, California Pennsylvania, nestled in the coal fields

and hills of Southwestern Pennsylvania.     As a boy, we used to

pool our nickels and buy a softball and bat.    If the cover came

off the ball we wrapped it with electrical tape.    If the bat

broke the game ended. I played football in high school, took

my dog for walks in the woods and my mother saw to it that I

went to church on Sunday.

     During high school and college, learning came easy. I never

took books home or did much homework, I rairly studied.      If

assigned to do a book report I leafed through the book for ten

of fifteen minutes during study periods and then wrote my report.

     Mathematics, English, Physics, advanced college algebra,

Calculus were no problem.   I listened to the professor or

teacher's lecture r then I leafed through the. text books. On
 o
 o                                         TRANSFORMATION

       .11                   SOLDIER -TO - OFFICER -TO PREDATOR - TO WHAT.

o                    This is the story of an average American boy caught in

o      r--      the vortex of war and spun up to the pinnacle of power where

o               we virtually had the power of life and death over many human
o
      O0 1.7_   beings.

                for those.
                          I had to make dicisions which meant surival or disaster

                              I had to protect.   I had to face, outwit and destroy

      o
     O0 au      Gestapo, SS and other Nazi nets.      In addition I had to elimate

                heavily armed communist revolutionaries and neutralize KGB

                agitators and drive them back to their lairs.

     o    --        I was driven into the pages of history alongside of prime


   (c:7),       ministers, Popes and numerous high officials.      The enternal


  00            city of Rome was handed to me inchaos and disorder.      I returned

                it as a great thriving metropolis of law and order with a stable

 00             government.


 00 JJ              I was pulled into the White House's National Security

                council and became a presidential adviser.      During three wars


00              I a combat commander. A top intelligence officer, and helped

                develope high tech weapons of the future.

                     However, all this did not leave me untbuched.      A sudden
      -1
                change took place in the form and nature of inheritable

                characteristics I possessed.      My character and moral outlook

                warred.   In a way I was conditioned, like Pavlov, conditioned

     .1         the reflexes of dogs.    Later, I recognized the transformations

                in my makeup, and I wrote in a speech given by or charges Mayo,

                on brainwashing at the U.N.
ii

=-


                 z -4

                  tx)
                  —4.
                 L.7).
                  szi


                  71.


                                  This is to certify that
                   ct


                  I
     Ct.


           rri        (z.


                      —t    C-,
           Although we learned very little at this hastily organized

     school, it did get me a promotion to 1st Lieutenant, and command

     of a prisoner if war interrogation team.    Most fortunately',

     I shipped to England where I assigned to and came under the-

     tutelage of the capable officers of British MI-19.    From this

     point I embarked on a career in intelligence which was to type

     cast me for the rest of my life.

          I was most fortunate at this time, when the British

     discovered how green I was, they immediately. sent me to Cambridge

     University for a three month course.   Upon my return I was

     assigned to a British Major who had served as a Colonel in WW

     I.   He took me under his wing and we were dispatched to a

     prisoner of was camp at Moreton-On-the Marsh, near the famous

     Ascot Race Track.    The old Major discovered that I had an uncanny

     ability.    I never took notes during an interrogation of prisoners

     of war, But always sat down and wrote down the details at the

     end of the interrogation.    My tutor and superior and I became

     great friends.    I was the only American in the area and stayed


ii   with the British officers, even to the point of being assigned

     a Batman.     I was billeted in a private home and treated as

     a guest,    The family had a twelve year old daughter, who had

     never seen an orange or banana.    One day, I gave her a box of

     12 large Hershey bars.    They returned it to me and said that

     was al months ration for the entire village.   I returned the

     box to the little girl and said, "I am sure you have many

     friends, share it with them, I will be most pleased.
    I became great friends with the camp doctor.     One day he

was checking prisoners for fleas, parasites etc.    I told him,

"Doc, tonight at dinner I will give you a present to Make you

job easier.   The U.S. Army had issued me a flashlight with a

magnifying lens about 3" in diameter and 3" deep.    It was suppose

to be a night map reader.    The next day my phone rang.

It was the British doctor.    I went to the infirmary.   He was

examining POW's.    He would put the magnifier on their pubic

hair and said, "I can not only see the crabs, but the eggs also.

I had made a friend.

     My only claim to flame at the camp was when a prisoner

drew and described for me, the neblewafer, a six barrel heavy

rocket launcher.    The British immediately.   Dispatched a special

team from London.    (Later, at Cassino, in Italy I was caught

in a barrage of the rockets fired from the weapon, which we

called "The Screaming Meethie".

     Soon after, I was recalled by the U.S. command at AFHla

in London.    During the last days I mingled with the Italian

Officer prisoners.     During an interview with an Italian General

he described the United States Army to me.     He said, "My Army

is composed of all Italians, with identical characteristics,

when one runs, they all tend to run.    Your Army is a foreign

legion, it is composed of English, French, Italians, Germans,

Japanese, Blacks, Indians, Spaniards, Chinese, Arabs, Jew, Poles,

Russians, etc.     A "Melting Pot" which makes them all proud

Americans.    The pot blends, complements and supports each
nationality's strengths and weaknesses.   A great foreign legion

of free men, individuals molded into a fighting machine such

as the world had never seen.   What a marvelous army!

     This talk was early in the wa$ at a POW camp in England.

He ended by saying, "The Nazis and Japanese cannot prevail

against you.    I pray to God we join you!"

    Later the Italians joined us and fought valiantly at

Cassino.   I had the privilege of being the Liaison Officer with

the First Italian combat troops attached to the 5th Army.      They

suffered staggering casualties to prove they could fight along

with us.

     The words always rang in my mind   "They cannot prevail

against you!"
                                                                     NoR 7M AlWic
               ,r p ,..1Ar           A k Al : I' .41-          /,/    aFicaPoria-44. I    .4-• A .5   C / V rI di    e "Q .0 l;   .{. S

                                          di   .   ..."' Pr'     fr-7-7         74,-     . v r-   e A: a A a        / I r!' 6: P.'t A' r A (r.   tre i?   rt
     J..- r   1I    i 4 X i 1411 V


      t


                            The site selected for the landings in Italy was the beaches

               at Salerno, south of Naples.                                              We had a rough time.                             The Germans

                   were waiting for us and we lost 5,000 men on the beach.                                                                         The

               Germans had dug their guns in the hills overlooking the beach.

                   No naval gunfire or bombings were ordered.                                                         The 36th division had

               to be pulled from the line as no longer a combat effective

               division.                    There was chaos on the ground.                                          I remember being

               covered with dust and dirt on the beach.                                                         My .45 hostler was a

               solid mass of dust.                                     Our supplies were becoming short. Three of

T.             us caught an LST going out to the ships in the harbor.                                                                             We went

               back to the liberty ship from which we had landed.                                                                         The crew was

               really happy to see us.                                        The Chief Engineer was an older

               gentleman, over 60, and had been recalled from retirement.                                                                                 He

               offered us his room and shower to clean up.                                                              The Captain had a

               steak dinner prepared for us. ‘ Then we prepared to go back.                                                                               The

               Captain and crew shook hands and wished us good luck.                                                                             The old

               Engineer hugged us and said, "God be with you, my son is out

               there somewhere."                                     We could hear the intense gunfire on land.

               The entire crew, those wonderful men, waved until we were out of

              sight.

                           German tiger tanks broke through our lines.                                                               We had orders

               to prepare to possibly go back on to the ships.                                                                    The 45th

              Division Commander sent word to headquarters. "Leave me the

              supplies, I will hold and join the British eighth army coming up

               the coast." ,We held and drove them back.

                           We were in the mountains overlooking the beach.                                                                   Our
000000000000000000000000000000cm00000000000
                                                                  supplies were short and no mail was coming in.                               My first bath in

                                                                  Italy was in a horse trough.                  We cleared the scum off the top,

                                                                  and took turns in bathing. I began to turn touchy and irritable.

                                                                  My men sort of avoided me.                I knew that the time was past when

                                                                  our baby should be born and I was receiving no mail from my wife,

                                                                  Eunice.      One day, I received a call to report to headquarters.

                                                                  When I arrived, a sleepy Major, handed me a telegram.                               It was a

                                                                  small folded type envelope'which had come through Algiers and was

                                                                  dated two weeks before, it read, "Son born, Mother doing fine" on

                                                                  my return, my men cheered and found some Italian wine.

                                                                                    r     r/-     J7/e4T     Gil, a I)     Ca 2G- toAA r/c•.x' WA= R6 r ty/114V5a re:
                                              -1-
                                              ,Li                    7/i'fr   wAg

                                                               soldier, asking me to help him, died in my arms.                               His blood

                                              {I    ; )
                                                          poured on my hands as I held him.                     I tried to wipe it orf as I

                                                          -closed his eyes.
                                                      Lsl.ept day or night With a gun at my side.                             Dead mules and horses,

                                                          bloated. and stinking dotted the countryside.                            We burned them with

                                                          gasoline, and dead men lay on the ground for days like crumpled

                                                          burlap bags.        Death and destruction were all around us, yet we

                                                          survived, maybe not totally, but we survived.                            71t4le.-Tiz iaSt.=te.
                                                                                                  i tit L   /   st.1,49.
                                                          4MON6    The ugly part of my jobA mmo...Ammq.                     I had been conditioned

                                                          like Pavlov's dog; use of the. knife and gun were not of a second

                                                                                                /IAN ,      we     ig      C HiV      frf j    ar    %A di M.A
                                                                     •'11 16,44.-
                                                           •        • C   5'6v! r"       CASSii    0 ,      #2/0
                                                                                        I saw over 1,000 American soldiers cut to

                                                          ?lanes in a crossfire at the RapidcRiver near Cassino, as well as

                                                          a.battalion- of:I.tal.ians'Who'were fighting with us, die in 20

                                                          minutes -- 800 of. theM. At: Anzio rsaw soldiers blown to pieces.
                                              Ii
            As we were moving north to Naples we first saw the fascist ()

       slogans painted on the walls.    Some were in letters on the top o€

       walls.    The G.I.'s loved target shooting at these slogans.
                                                                             C)
            We decided to stop at Pompeii, naturally there were no
                                                                            ()
       tourists, and the guides virtually mobbed us.     We had to pick ourC)

       way through debris, because artillery shells had fallen in the       ()
                                                                             C)
       area and caused considerable damage.    The outside fresco's and
                                                                             C)
      paintings, for protection against the weather, had been covered       ()

     ' with glass.    Broken glass was everywhere.   The guides said they    0

      would give us a special tour,.I did not have to translate, since c)

      fortunately many of my men spoke Italian, and the Italian guides 0

      spoke fairly good English.     The special tour was the Pompeian

       houses of prostitution.     Along the walls about six feet up were a()

       series of paintings in every room.     It was most hilarious to hear()

       the guides explain in English the meaning and what each picture       C)
                                                                           0
       depicted.     Since no woman were present they used words in Italian()

       and English which were not used on all tours.     They produced lewd()

       trinkets and carvings which the G.I.'s bought eagerly.     In a more()

       serious vein the guides were experts and explained historical

       sequences and the main features of the city as good as any

       college professor.    As we left we tipped them very well, because

       we really had no other way to spend our money.
Oa

            One of. my 'men explained that just before we reached Naples,

       there was town named Paestum which was world famous for its

       pizzas.    However, when we arrived we had to be content with our

       "C" rations, since Paestum had been virtually destroyed by

       bombings and artillery fire.'

            We were ordered not to enter Naples—     The situation was too

       fluid.    Although, the Germans were fleeing north, there was stillC

       mopping up and rear guard fighting in the city, to slow us up
                                                    roads and buildings had been mined.    The Naples post office blew


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                    up, killing over 250 people.
                                                         Then it began to rain and rain and rain.       If you touched

                                                    your pup tent,,it was just like putting a hole in it.' I placed

                                                    my helmet over my shoes.    Someway it rolled off, my shoes were

                                                    full of water, but I had nothing else to wear.       We were in a

                                                    wooded area and our G.I. raincoats were useless.       They were a

                                                    rough rubber compound on the outside, but slick rubber on the

                                                    inside.   The humidity from the ground caused us to get just as

                                                    wet under as on top.    We were drenched to the skin.     Our G.I.


                                              J:1    snpes were no good and leaked like sieves.    I had two men with
                                                    high fevers and no medical facilities or medics.       We were moving
                                                    too fast and I feared they might get pneumonia.       I called my men
                                                    together and told them, "Let's move out, I will take my chances

                                                    in Naples, we will move into a building and take care of these

                                                    sick boys and dry out."      They all heartily agreed.    We moved
                                                    into Naples into apartments in the better area.        We broke locks
                                                    on some of the doors.     I saw one soldier light a candle on a

                                                    beautifully varnished table and set it in hot wax.       We layed our
                                                    sick men down on beds with beautiful silk covers.       The soldiers

                                                    were wet and muddy.     We undressed them and covered them with

                                                    blankets, for medicine we gave them a shot of whiskey.        These
                                                    were tough boys.   A good nights sleep, warm and dry, and they

                                                    were as good as ever.    We caught up with Army headquarters and

                                                    moved with them to the Air Force Academy building at Caserta.

                                                         Again in a lighter vein.    When we were in the mountains, a

                                                    package from home was most welcome.    I received, in Italy, of all

                                                    things a salami.   My brother had sent it.    We took off the mold,

                                                    since it had been in transit almost two months, and had a

                                                    wonderful snack.   Then one cold afternoon I received a package

                                                    from my wife. Eunice.    Everyone of the offirprn   rrnudad   mrnund
                                                                          0
                                                                          0
  while I opened, the package.    I opened it and I unwrapped a           C)
  supposedly, steel covered Bible and a set of dominos.      I held one()

I. in each hand and the laughing and taunting began.     I reached for 8

  my Tommy Gun and cocked it, and said, I'll shoot the next S.O.B. c)

  that says a word.    I couldn't give the dominos away.    The Italian()

  kids wanted candy.    I couldnrt even bribe them to take them.

  Without sentiment I disposed of themoin-a.trash- can.     As for the

 steel covered Bible.     I doubt if the cover' would have stopped a

 bee bee gun shot.    It looked like tin.    A few days later we went

 looking for a Lieutenant Colonel who was late in returning from a

 mission.     I found him, he was dead.   I picked up his helmet and a

 piece of shrapnel had come through the front part of his helmet          C)

 into his brain.    And our helmets were much thicker than a tin          C)
 like cover on a Bible!    I kept getting taunts like, let's play         C)
                                                                          0
 domino's.    When I received a package from my Mother of multi-
                                                                    0
 colored lifesavers, these were so plentiful that even the Italian .3

 kids didn't want them.    At a table in our mess hall we had candy, 0

 razors, cigarettes, etc. or anything we wanted for free.       I wrote

 home and instructed my family no more packages unless I asked for

 something.    My wife still tries to explain the dominos and

 "steel" covered Bible.    How she was taken by a clever sales

 pitch, and I .use-te receive calls over the field phones, let's

 play dominos.
000000000
                                                    During one of my trips to the battle area, I saw a sight I

                                               will never forget.   Twenty United States tanks had been ordered

                                               up to the fighting wen.      They had to climb a mountain road.     The
                                      e-S.2    Germans had hidden one of their 88mm guns in the area. :This was


                                      11       a most versitle gun, small, easily maneuverable and with a high

                                               muzzle velocity.   The 88mm picked off the last tank; then the

                                               first one.   It trapped the others; then picked them off like

                                               ducks in a shooting gallery.    When I arrived the tanks were

                                               burning, but there was little we could •do to help.
                                                                                                 was outsmarted
                                                    In a much lighter vein, during this period I


 0000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                by my British colleagues.    In interrogating an Italian civilian,
                                                                                                  of liqueurs.
                                                we fpund out that he saw the Germans hide a cache
                                                                                                         maps and
                                                They placed them in a wall and sealed it. We checked our
                                                                                                   mattered
                                                found the area was considered "No Mans Land", this

                                                          We took off in two jeeps and a trailer.    We found the
                                              ' little.
                                                                                                   since there
                                                spot and loaded the treasure and resealed the wall

                                                was too much for one load.    Except for a few artillery shells

                                                coming in, the trip was without incident.    That night I threw a

                                                huge party in the mess tent.     A close British friend of mine,


                                                  Major Bingham, kept close to me and he kept asking, "Philip,

                                                  where did you get this Bonanza?" I kept answering, "Nothing

                                                  doing, you (expletive deleted) Limeys' are scavengers, if I tell

                                                  you, you will clean me out."    A few nights later, we were

                                                  drinking hot and heavy.    Major Bingham, although tipsy, kept

                                                 asking the same question.     Finally, the liqueur loosened my

                                                 tongue, I was softened by a phoney plea of friendship.     I blabbed

                                                 and they cleaned out my cache.     Of course, I threw a few choice

                                                 Words at him, including England and how they deserved the beating

                                                 our colonies gave them.     He laughed and said, "We are generous to

                                                 our colonists, we will invite you yanks to our parties."       We

                                                 remained friends, he and I had a long time deal, he didn't like
aci
               scotch whiskey and I didn't care for beer.                  So we used to trade

               six pack of beer for a fifth of Johnny Walker scotch.        This was a °
                                                                                       L)
               much better deal then, than now. A bottle of scotch with our
                                                                                       C)
                                           cents. 4.--A7artt no j ea. Alim a HA H 6/4
               ration card cost only fifty                                             C)
                                                                                                     C)
               Ha -    A   G lea.A- -r   Li ttVIC   IN. 40 MO,   HS a,F,Ato frit   tffNc6L1i

                      One morning I sat on a mountain top overlooking the ancient                    C)
             Abbey on Mt. Cassino.              Starting at about nine in the morning a              C)

             wave of bombers came over every fifteen minutes, and dumped bombs                       C)
                                                                                                     C)
             on the Abbey.           It was destroyed because we believed that German
                                                                                                     C)
             observers were using the Abbey as an observation post.                     A few '
             days later I was given the assignment to investigate, if the                            C)
                                                                                                     C)
             Germans had ever used the Abbey as an observation post.                     Fierce
                                                                                                     C)
Zer"-       ;fighting was raging in the area.              I interviewed close to a                  C)
             hundred soldiers fighting in the area and numerous German                               C)
                                                                                                     C)
             prisoners.        My conclusion was that the Germans had never used the
        •

             Abbey for Military purposes.              This was later confirmed by the
                                                                                                     C)
             German high command.             But, some justification for the bombing can
                                                                                                     C)


               be derived from the fact that almost, unanimously, our soldiers                       0

               thought the Abbey was being used to direct artillery fire on                          CD

               them.

                       Cassino was a deadly, hard fought battle.              The Germanrwould

              disappear from one area and aPpear in another.                  Also, we would          CD
                                                                                                      CD
              saturate an area with ar.tillery fire and they would still be

              there in strength when we attacked.                 I was sent to the University
                                                                                                      C
   Li         of Naples and met with professors of Archeology.                     I returned with    C
              a series Of drawings which showed that the Cassino area was                             C
                                                                                                      C
            :%honeycombed with tunnels which dated back to the days of the
                                                                                                      C
              Romin Empire., Fe.made goo:d .:use..of this information.                                C
                                                                             '


                                                                                                              Is

                                                                                 TRANSFORMATION BEGINS


                                                             Gradually I begin to feel a change.


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                                                                     The characteristics
                                                     begin to run deeper and deeper.        Going to bed at home used to
                                                     be a running jump into bed, between clean sheets.        Now it was
                                                     more often I slid into my sleeping bag with fleas and ants ,

                                                     DDT saved my sleep.         But, the ritual of survival came first.

                                                     I had 1 canvas bed-roll in which I placed my sleeping bag.
                                              124,
                                                     First I cocked MY 45 Pistol and put 'a shell into the chamber
                                              In     and left    the safety off.     This I placed in a pocket above my

                                                     head.    I then checked my knife and loosened the clamp.      At first

                                                     I had an ugly looking World War I trench knife.       It was black

                                                     with a 6" short wide blade.       The fingers would fit into steel

                                                     knuckles with sharp points on each knuckle. I was known as the

                                              11     "Knuckle Buster".    I hung it on my web belt in place of a

                                                     bayonet, with my .45 caliber automatic pistol.       I used it mostly

                                                     to open ration cans, but many times at night, the ugly, clumsy,

                                                     thing was comforting to have.       Later I obtained a Marine

                                                     stiletto.     It had a tempered, slender blade about 7" long, a

                                                     chequered grip area, a knob on the end and an oval crossguard

                                                     separating the handle and blade.       The blade and point were razor

                                                     sharp.    I had a special scabbard made for it and carried it

                                                     through the entire war.       I became most proficient in its use.

                                                     It was beautifully balanced and seemed to leap in and out of

                                                     my hand.    Even when not in combat gear, I carried it across
                                                     my belt, long ways, with the handle just above my back right

                                                     hip pocket.    I used to practice like a wild west gunfighter,

                                                     pulling it out and flipping it underhand, with a wrist snap.

                                                     I could easily cut a swat with the point, six inches wide and

                                                     an inch deep.
                                                                           a


                     THE UNITED STATES MARINE RAIDER STILETTO

                                                                           a
             On June, 1989, I received a letter from K.L.

        Smith-Christmas, curator of material history, Marine Corps

        Airground Museum, United States Marine Corps, enclosed was

        Chapter II, "The Unites States Marine Raider Stiletto".   Until    a
        I read this chapter I never realized that during World War II

Frig    and Rome, I carried one of the worlds most famous military

        knives.

             "Because this was the first Marine designed, Marine-issued

        fighting knife, it was issued to a' special unit, and because

 in •   it is one of the rarest knives in the world of military

        collecting, existing World War II specimens are extremely

        expensive on the collectors market today.'"

             Polishing and sharpening wore off the Marine insignia,

        but it remained the Unites States Marine "Killer Knife" a legend

        in itself.


  ir


  Li

 II
  Li
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000

 L-=
ra.
                                                                            0
                                                                            0
                                                                            0
           I placed the knife near my left hand, on my right I set

       my loaded .45 cal. "Tommy Gun."    I covered them with the loose     0
       flaps of bed roll.   In the morning I reversed the procedure

       and put on my web belt and slung the "Tommy Gun" over my

       shoulder.

;711        With a new character, new values developed.   I was like

       a kid with a new "Deadly" toy when I acquired the U.S. Marine

       Raider stiletto.   It played a prominent role in my life for

       the next four years.   I obtained it almost by accident.

           In Italy, shortly after the Salerno landing, I went to

       supply and asked if they had any knives for issue.    A Sergeant

       directed me to a box full of bayonets and other assorted knives,

       and said," Help yourself Captain." I rummaged through the box

       and came across a dark scabbard, different from the others.

       I turned it over and it contained a Stiletto.   I drew it out

       and its balance was outstanding.   It felt good in my hand. I

       hooked it on my web belt.   I motioned to the Sergeant and said,.

       "Serge, I'll take this one."    He answered, "Be my guest, Sir."

       And so I because the proud owner of the "Devil Knife" that became

       a myth in Rome.    I cleaned and polished it for hours and admired

       my deadly toy.
            One Might the other world from which we came from, was

       eloquently described by five officers of above average

       intelligence, we. were on the ground in our sleeping bags when

       one spoke up and said, "Hey you guys, I am going down to Joe's

       restaurant for a hamburger and coke , what do you want.    The

       second said I'll take one, with ketchup and relish, the third

       wanted a milk shake. I spoke up and said "I'll take a hot dog

       with mustard and onions."   The fifth officer answered, "You

       cheep skates, I am going to have a stake with all the trimmings

       and sit down at a table with a tablecloth, napkin, and knifes,

       forks, spoons and crystal glasses for my wine."

            We dreamt of home, but in order to return, we had to. survive
 trt
       and become predators. Animal predators killed for food. We

       learned the stealth and cunningness of the animal and how to

       hunt for our prey, but there the similarity ends.    The animals

       killed to sustain life, we killed to end life.     I began to

       in the result. I tried to dismiss this thought from my mind,

       but it always lurked there.   Most of the time tI had to admit,

       I had begun to love this life style.   The transformation was

       nearing completion.

            I realized that my hearing had become more acute.    I could
       hear more than footsteps, but the crunching on twisting of a

;.;    foot on the ground.   -At night I could pick up whispering or
4.
       the shift of a bolt in a gun.   I wore glasses and was

       nearsighted, but could pick up moving forms' at night.    On ship
       I could see buoys at a distance before
                                                others.   I could now
11    read without flasses and took them off to zero in a gun sight

      on a distant target.    My sense of tough improved I could assemble

      or disassemble a weapon, by touch at night and load my weapon

      and clips.     The sense of touch was most important.   I even

      noticed a more sensitive sense of smell.    I could distinguish

      between the sickening, sweet smell of dead bodies and other

      like dead animals.    I could even down wind pick up the approach

      of humans and distinguish between the acrid, rancid smells of

      the battlefield.    It appears that these changes came from the
kr4
      inner sense of survival.

           Most were a must.    For Example I always took a Sergeant

      on my assignments. The young soldier could hear artillery shells

      coming in.    When he hit me on the shoulder and said, "Down Sir".

      We went down and put out heads against, say the front wall of

      a hole etc.    Surely, a shell would hit close enough to throw

ii    dirt and debris on us.

      sense.
                                 I began slowly to develop this acute

                I guess it was like a dog that can hear certain sound

      waves.from a whistle of wail of a siren that are above,a humans

      range or hearing.

           But, most astonishing was the development of my reflexes

      and mental capacity.     In officer's school I often ran into

      troubla because my reflexes were always behind and slower than

      my thinking.     Along with these phenonema came an uncanny

      instinct.     One night while in the cassino area, on a special

      job for Gen. Mark Clark, CG of 5th Army.    I was laying in the

      ground.    I was with an infantry company expecting an attack.

      I sensed a form coming at me.     I jumped up, quick as a cat,


                                                                            C
      drawing my stiletto.    As I came up I jumped to the side.     I

      palmed the Stiletto and brought it up point first.     I heard

      a moan.    The figure turned and ran as my SGT fired two rounds

      from his M-1 at the fleeing form.     The next morning we found

      a German rifle with mounted bayonet laying on the ground and

      some drops of blood.    The whole episode consumed no more than

      e few seconds.

          Although, I did have a built in gift of photographic mind

      this broadened during this period.     I could memorize and quote

      entire reports.    Gen. Clark, CG 5th Army sent me on a special

      mission, to find out if the Germans had ever used the Abby

      a top Mt. Cassino as an observation post.     I stayed in the area

      for two weeks interviewing combat troops.     They were not too
711   happy as they said, "This HDQS., rear area commando bothers


711   us".    The last unit was an infantry co, that had been driven

      from their position twice and re-occupied it in a counter attack.

      I arrived in the afternoon.      For a change I was welcome.       I

      looked like them, dirty disheveled and carrying a "Tommy Gun"

      and knife.     The captain told me during reconnaissance and attacks

      the Germans appeared from nowhere and hit them unexpected.

      I asked the captain for his binoculars and began to study the

      area from which the attacks came.     After about ten minutes I -

      asked the company commander to look in the direction I pointed.

             I remembered from the special trip to the University of

      Naples, where I had been given old maps that showed this area

      honeycombed with tunnels' that dated back to the days of ancient

      Rome.     I asked the captain, -"Can you reach that spot, I showed
you with mortars"   He said, "Yes".    I asked him if he could

fire a couple of rounds to zero in.     I then decided to stay

with them until morning.

     The Germans were methodical and always on time.     At 7:00a.m.

they began the attack.   The captain first put smoke shells,in

the area and then began a deadly mortar barrage.     It lasted

for over an hour.   A few stragglers were quickly taken care

of by the GI's.   A patrol later reported many bodies strewn

in the area and a tunnel entrance had collapsed and trapped

the attacking force under a deadly hail of mortar fire.     As

I was leaving to go back down the mountain, the company commander

and his officers shook hands with me and saluted.     I left with,

"Thanks, Major come back anytime". We all smiled.

     This story shows the importance of the analysis process

and use of intelligence.     Although my sharpened senses and

brainpower was a real asset.    The most important factor for

survival was instinct.     Many times this was all that counts

what it is.   How it happens and how it functions, I do not fully

know. But, there has to be a connection between the mental

process and the physical function of the body, I think the answer

is that all my senses, mental powers and physical were fully

engaged.   When I returned I gave my    full report to Gen. Clark.

I never mentioned that I participated in a fire fight and was

slightly wounded in the back.     While lying in the ground, I

was hit by a piece of shrapnel, which only broke the skin.

After what I had seen, such a scratch was not worth a purple

heart.   I never reported it.
 C)
 C)
 CD
                                   THE ITALIAN ARMED FORCES
 CD
 C)
 C)
 C)             The alliance between Hitler and Mussolini were of little
 C)
           interest to us.   We read about it in the "Star and Stripes".

CD         All that we knew and cared about were that the Germans were

C)         fighting us and the Italians were not.   The population was
C)         friendly and the remnants of the Italian Army still   in organized
CD
           units wants to fight with the United Stated, sometime before
C)
CD         we broke out of Cassino, I was given the job of going to Naples

CD         and picking up an d bringing to 5th Army Headquarters, the

           advance group of the Italian General Staff, to prepare for their

           joining our fighting units.   I also had to pick up 45 Italian .GcAr   1:°11

CD         intelligence purposes,I was introduces to their commanding
CD         General.   With a salute I met General Pompeo Agrifolio, Chief
C)         of Italian Intelligence and later was to become my tutor.
CD
           He has been in a POW camp in the United States.    When his
CD
C)         identity was discovered he was quickly brought to Italy.
C)              A few days later I was called in by the Chief of Staff
CD
C)    LI   that I had been appointed liaison officer with the new Italian

           Army which was joining 5th Army.

                Following Italy's surrender to the allies on September
7)         10, 1943, the Italian Army joined us during the Cassino battles
7)         with one prime purpose, to show us that they could fight the

           Nazis.   In North Africa the Germans often turned their fire

           on, the Italians, and there was no love lost between them.    In

           fact, the Italians hated their German allies.   After the losses
suffered by the Student officer Battalion in their attack, the

Italians were assigned a front line sector near Cassino, and

they held this sector until our Cassino breakthrough.   The    '

Germans launched furious attacks at them.   They repulsed all

attacks and counter attacks over and over again across some

of the world's most difficult terrain.   So furious was the

fighting that the vaunted German   military machine, which held

us off at Cassino, stopped attacking the Italian sector.

     The Italians brought their own equipment as well as their

own artillery.   There were numerous ammunition dumps close to

the front lines.
     C)
          di
     C)
     C)                                     SC:8;?e±trtl=d-Asia5:6-
     C)                                4AyL,41a             wiA5 cA LIC4      k chit( cc,/ 4-7-c    srA,F

                                   1-1114    49E15# ANC/A/re:4 Z./ /4/ S GA/ atc,-/cEit, 1A4771 rg-
 C)                  71/AT     I

                      )'&jyj   771 4/ A 41 A1 14,' wn'icd wA S foi/V/M a _4-rfi .4./9/4"--
 C)                  Following Italy's surrender to the Allies on September 10,
 C)             1943, the Italian Army joined us during the Cassino battles with
 C)             one prime purpose, to show us that they could fight the Nazis.
 C)
                In North Africa the Germans often turned their fire on the

                Italians, and there was no love lost between them.                  In fact, the

                Italtans hated their German allies.               1.z...sent-fay-men to get-the-
C)
                hsatqu'arters detachmenb-in-Raples7-and-theycjetned-u-s ab- 5th<rinly-
C)
C)              Bewd4a&r4.-ers.     After the losses suffered by the Student Officer

C)              Battalion in their first attack, the Italians were assigned a
C)              front line sector near Cassino, and they held this sector until
          Ti    our Cassino breakthrough.             The Germans launched furious attacks

C)              at them.   They repulsed all attacks and counter attacked over and
C)              over again across some of the world's most difficult terrain.                      So

               :furious was the fighting that the vaunted German military

C)             'machine, which held us off at Cassino, stopped attacking the

                Italian sector.        General Alexander commended them.

                     The Italians brought their own equipment as well as their
C)
                own artillery.       There were numerous ammunition dumps close to the


Th
Ti
      front lines.    I was given an Italian artillery officer, Captain

      Ezio Rapanelli, and we searched for stores of Italian artillery

      shells.     He was one of those happy-go-lucky types with nerves of

      steel.    Ezio would go into the dumps ,oblivious to the dangers--

      mines, shells, grenades and all types of live ammunition strewn

      about.    What disturbed me most was that I had to go in with him.

      Once he fired at an Italian red devil grenade with his pistol.

      They were concussion-type grenades that an impact could set them

      off.     We had become good friends, so I took the liberty of

      calling him, in both Italian and English, every name I could

      think of.     When I finished he said, "Italian soldiers will come

      to collect this ammo, so I want to get these grenades out of the

      way since they are too dangerous to pick up."

             Going back in the jeep, he told me that a few weeks before

      he had an American GI driver.    He said he told the driver to wait   -

      in the jeep while he surveyed the dump,     He said he fired at a

      grenade, and a few minutes later, he saw the United States

      soldier, a PFC, with rifle ready, running as in combat, from

      obstacle to obstacle to his assistance.    He proudly said, "Can

      you imagine, Phil, he thought I was in danger because he heard

      the shot.    He was coming to my assistance regardless of the

      danger.    I thanked him for his thought and his bravery."

             I looked at him and said, "Don't get any ideas in your head

     %that I will do the same."    He started to laugh and said, "I bet

     'you wouldn't.    I heard you asked to accompany me because the job

      was too dangerous for one man."

             Forty-five years later, Ezio Rapanelli and I remain the best

      of friends.
                                                                                                                        (5-7


000000000000 0000000000000000000000000000000
                                                        In another episode, one sunny day he asked me to stop and we

                                                could sit on a flat rock to eat our lunch.     A few minutes later I

                                                saw a United States sergeant, coming very low, in our direction.

                                                He stopped about 20 feet from us, and crawled a short distance

                                                and shouted, "Major, come down off of that rock slowly.     If you

                                                look to your right at the top of that mountain, there is a German

                                                observation post, and they use the rock you are sitting on to

                                                zero-in their artillery.     They could get you with the first

                                                shot."    I explained to Ezio and said,   "Leave the lunch and jump

                                                when I do and crawl fast toward the Sergeant."     We both got back

                                                safely to our vehicle.     Again I called him names, and said, "God

                                                takes care of fools like you, but how did I get involved with

                                                you?"    his answer was, "The Germans must have thought those two

                                                officers are so stupid they have to be a drag on their army.      Let

                                                them live."

                                                     Every night at our 5th Army Tent Bar, I used to push his

                                                money aside and said, "I'll pay.    I hate to ask_you how little

                                                money you make."    This went on for months.   Later I found he

                                                owned a foundry and factory in Foligno, Italy.

                                                     Years later, I met his father.    The old gentleman shook

                                                hands, embraced me and said, "For many years I have been wanting

                                                to meet you and see what kind of a man became close and like a

                                                brother to my eccentric son, and who was able to survive his

                                               'antics even during a war."

                                                     I was sent up to the headquarters of the Italian divisions

                                                on the line to discuss their supply situation.    I was accompanied

                                                by Captain Rapanelli who said that the Commanding General wanted

                                                to meet me.    Upon arrival, we were notified that the Commanding
 General wanted me to have dinner with him.      The headquarters was

 in an Italian farm house. In some manner they had prepared U.S.

 IC ' rations so that they were palatable.      It was a cold day and

 this was my first initiation to    "grappa."    That was the Italian

 alpine soldier's drink.    It was made from the mash of wine

 grapes, distilled to where it emerged as almost pure alcohol.

 They served it in a U.S. canteen cup, and it looked like water.

 I took a healthy swig and gagged, then choked and my eyes

 watered.    The Italian officers,including the General, laughed and

 said, "Now, you have been initiated into our elite alpine

 troops."    He, put a match to it and it burst into flame, blew it

 out and drank it.

      The dinner was good and the company pleasant.     The only

 problem was that I had to eat a little plaster with my food.      It

 was near twilight and the Germans began firing their "screaming

 meemies."     These 'were huge 340 mm.(13 inch rockets,) fired from

 a six-barrel rocket launcher.    A 60, 80 or 120 mm. mortor scared

 me, let alone six 340 mm. rockets in free flight.     They were not

 pin-point but area-type weapons.    When they landed, they were

 frightening and earthshaking.     With every barrage powdered

 plaster fell from the ceiling on our food.     The Italian artillery

 opened up on the German rocket, positions, and the Germans

. responded with longrange artillery.    Our trip back was a little

?eery.   I told Captain Rapanelli, "Every time I go any place with

'you'I get in danger.   I get a meal sprinkled with plaster, you

 try to gag me and kill me with grappa.    That wasn't enough, as an

;encore, the:screaming meemies' shook the ground from under us,
       •
 and now, the Germans ere lighting our way home with artillery. I
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                    don't know how the Italian Army ever made you an officer."

                                                         Soon after, Ezio rejoined the Italian Army and I went to

                                                    Anzio, preparing for the entry into Rome, where I resumed close
                                              711   contact with the Italian General Staff.      I was told that at the

                                                    beginning of the war, the Italians had a Macchi 202 fighter plane

                                                    which was considered the best in the world, but they had only-t40.

                                                    Their armored personnel carriers were superior, but they only had

                                                    120. Mussolini used to parade these same vehicles throughout

                                                    Italy and fly the planes over many cities, but they were always

                                                    the same ones.   He fooled the people with these shows and fascist

                                                    slogans.   They had even flown a jet from Rome to Milan in 1937,

                                                    but that was the only one they had.     I was given the plans by the

                                                    Italian General in command of their air academy.

                                                         I had occasion to meet with the General who commanded the

                                                    Italian Army in Albania and Greece.   I asked him, "General, is it

                                                    true that our reports say that your armies were driven out of

                                                    Greece and Albania because they wouldn't fight?"     He replied,

                                                    "Not exactly true.    My soldiers fought and died in many rearguard

                                                    actions to let the main forces escape.    I made many trips to

                                                    Italy to plead for arms, ammunition and replacements.     I got

                                                    nothing, not even food and Medical supplies.    My men had nothing

                                                    to fight with and were always hungry.    You will never know my

                                                    frustration with the fascist government which promised everything

                                                    .and gave nothing."

                                                         At the beginning of the war, General De Pasquale, the Chief

                                                    of Italian Military Intelligence, told me in detail how

                                                    intelligence, through double agents, deceived the Yugoslav High

                                                    Command and was able to destroy the Yugoslav Army in a matter of

                                                    weeks.
            An Italian Admiral filled me in on the only naval battle

       fought between the British and the Italian Navy which was

       composed of modern, fast ships.       The British had heavier, slower

      ships.   The Italians decided to engage them in the Mediterranean.

      The Admiral told me the morning of the battle was extremely

      foggy.   Suddenly, the Italian fleet found themselves under heavy

       British fire.     They didn't know where the shells were coming from

       and, were suffering numerous hits and heavy damage.            They had to

       retire to their harbors without firing a shot.          The British had

      radar and were firing from extreme range.         Without radar, the

      Italians were helpless in the fog of darkness.           The Italian fleet

       did not venture forth again.
                                                                     v-u/Ler
            LaterT=4-4om-c— k-ht=ect.aQ.A-eigs1Tftraz-Baal:heas. cr Wh4.tflhe
                       fi GrAfiAthVG                      rrilaam i

       Germans were pelsoffiN64g—to northern Italy, the 1 10th flotilla

       M.A.S. fought the Yugoslav communist troops to keep them from

       taking Trieste.      They suffered heavy losses but kept the

       communists on their side of the border.        Soon after the surrender

       of the German armies, May 8, 1945, the Yugoslays began to mass on

       the border.     Their objective was Trieste.     General Alexander,

       Commander of the allied armies, sent Tito a message, "If you

       cross the border, my armies will march against you."             This ended

-A)    the threat' to Trieste.

             I was very much involved in rebuilding the Italian Police
                     As v et1.4 AS nr& Aemy)
      • and Carabiniere.erThe ItBal-in Government, under Premiere Alcide

      *De Gaspari, rebuilt the Italian Army on the nucleus that fought

       with us, and it became a deterrent to the communists on its

       border and those within its boundaries.        These forces, possibly,

       saved Italy from going communists after we left.
000000000000000000000000000000000 000000eD 000
                                                      Shortly after I received orders to go, with my men, to the

                                                 Anzio beach head..   We traveled on a landing ship at night and

                                                 landed at dawn.   We were greeted by the Anzio Express.       This was

                                                 ,! huge railroad gun about 20 miles inland.     At the sig.ht.of our
                                                                                     OW ALL aLEAAA If EnEA422210J
                                                 aircraft it would pull into a tininel,( it fired at our ships

                                                 coming into the harbor.   The shells were so huge that they

                                                 sounded like an express train coming in.      And so the name, "Anzio

                                                 Express."   We were relatively safe, after landing. The Australian
rL

 .11
       engineers had dug an extensive tunnel complex in a mountain.           It
       was solid rock.     Our headquarters was in this complex and we felt

       quite safe.

            Our rangers held the southern flank of the beachhead.        I was

       ordered to take a jeep and go to the ranger headquarters and

       bring back a small tank they had captured.       The tank was about 4,
gas
       long, 4' wide and 3' high.    It was wire controlled.    In the

       center the Germans would place a 501b. block of TNT. Guide it

       into our lines and explode it.    The night before the rangers saw

       it coming and fired at it with rifles and machine guns.       The TNT

       instead of exploding caught fire and ruined the controls.         It

       didn't explode.    The rangers went out and brought it in on a

       stretcher.     I took it to Army headquarters.

            When I left Army headquarters at Cassino we had been massing

       guns for weeks and camouflaging them.    The morning of the

       breakthrough a thousand guns began a barrage for four hours.           We

       attacked and broke through. We also broke out at Anzio and
                              "mr I
       linked up. The Germans began a hasty retreat for two hundred

       miles to northern Italy.    During the intense barrage German

       soldiers were captured wandering aimlessly suffering from

       concussions.

            We left Anzio for Rome and arrived just before dawn.       As we

       entered, the Italians lit up the street from their windows with

       'c andles, lamps, and even burning newspapers and cheered as we

       rode by.

            The first day we camped in the park called Villa Borghese.

       The second day we moved into the luxury of the Ambassador hotel,

       and there I remained for the next 3 1/2 years.
                                                                                      ROME --- THE ETERNAL CITY
                                              LI                                                                                      03
                                                                    Just as was to happen in Paris about six weeks later, Rome,
                                              rH               on June 4, 1944, was the scene of great jubilation and wild

                                                               celebration..    Neither of these great and historic capitals was in


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                              rv
                                                               any position immediately to function as the political center of

                                                               its country as long as foreign military forces dominated much of

                                                               the country. .

                                                                    Although the Allied High Command maintained its Headquarters

                                                               in Naples, the Allied Command in Rome was made responsible for a

                                                               region of some 50 square miles of territory, including Vatican

                                                               City and the outskirts or suburbs of the 'Eternal City.'

                                                           Initially,'I was made Chief of Security and Intelligence of the

                                              ii               Rome Command, and our Headquarters staff followed close on the

                                                               heels of the 82nd Airborne Division which gets the credit for

                                                               'liberating, the city. / .    "   -*

                                                                Soon after my appointment as Head of Intelligence and

                                                    Security in June, 1944, duringrmy toum.%of,duty—in-,Rome., I sat at

                                                    my desk and looked at the reports.            The Germans were sending
                                              ‘t•
                                                    zaboteurs with explosives.            Nazi agents were active in my area.,

                                                    spies were sending coded reports, the Gestapo and S:S. "stay

                                                    .behind nets" were active, the .NKVD.(later the KGB), were moving

                                                    in, the Italian communists were heavily armed and threatening the

                                                    fledgling Italian Government, and the dregs of humanity and

                                                    criminals were everywhere in a city in chaos.

                                                                I had to combat these dangerous killers with 55 U.S. CIC

                                                    (Counter Intelligence. Carps) agents, 20 British FSS (Field

                                                    Security Service), and 12 Italian custom agents assigned to my

                                                    CIC, .an Italian Police Force in disarray (half of them with

                                              Ii    tuberculosis, because of years of malnutrition), an Italian
                                                      _
                                                    IntelligenceService completely demoralized, and Italian

                                                      • r• -       .;I-   ran   (A.,eurh. of..mtipnil police force) with no
                                                                                     o
          weapons or vehicles, remnants of the OVRA (Italian Secret Police)          0
(11       and no United States combat troops, since the 82nd Airborne

          Division was leaving.

              Many times I wondered, "What am I doing here?' "How did
          this happen?" I am from a small town, an amateur in the

          intelligence business, and not even a good officer.           Yet, I'm
          here to protect the lives of all the Americans and Allies and              0
          keep our installations safe.

               In High School I loved Latin, because it was based on the

          Roman Empire.    I always felt I was living with the characters in

          the books.    But now I said to myself, "I am no Caesar or Mark            0
          Anthony, I am no Horatio at the Bridge.         How can I stop the Hun

          and commuhists and restore law and order?          This is the Italians'

          'Eternal City,' not ours.      Why should we preserve it and how do I

          deal with the Vatican?     To me, it is a religious mystery about

          which I know little or nothing."
                          crArt ee'runil)
               Often in my aneer,4or by irrational reasoning, I used to

          think, "Maybe the Gods put me here as a joke; but I'll show them,

          I'll return their 'Eternal City' back to them much better than

          they handed it to me, or better -than it ever has been."

               I gave them back a city of law and order.          I e*pecbed—tu

          1947 to. .go—tfaCk—with— my—famfilt.    BtAr+h-ike—was not--tote. --The

          future-was Korea, Nabional-ASecurity Counp4l,tilietnam7'Capita1- -

          H1111,:t     I learned there was a saying, "Whom the Gods would

          destroy, they first make mad,"         I soon forgot my anger, self pity

          and irrational reasoning and began to plan, methodically and step

          by step.

              'Each action began with a careful formulation.          To best

      .   describe my planning system, which often took the entire night

      -j ,efore a raid, visualize a tree with bare branches; the trunk

          portrayed my resources, men, vehicles, armament, etc.          Each

          branch was a contingency plan.         My basic action plan contained
     Next branch would be the second plan which would be activated if

     the first went wrong.           I could plan eight sub-plans for each of

     eight branches.        In most actions, three or four contingency plans

     would suffice; often just one was enough.            In the raid to capture

     the communist party's hidden weapons, it took the full eight

     branches or contingency plans with eight eventualities in each,

     i.e., 64 in all; if the first plan of the branch went wrong, the

     second or third quickly would come into play, or the fourth,

     fifth, etc., as needed.

          I could reach eight contingencies in each branch or eight

     times eight for the entire plan (64 in all).            My mind was not

     capable of more.        It was as if the figure 8 would turn on its

     side and signify the sign of infinity, into which I. could not

     cross. Perhaps this is a limit which only an Einstein-type brain

     could break through.

         In the morning I would brief my men in detail on each plan.

     My briefing would end with the words, "I don't want any of you

     killed!"    (My planning included exactly when and why any of my

     men would shoot.)        I never lost .a man.     On one occasion, one of

     my officers asked, "How do you do it?"            My reply was, "I wish I

     knew."
               As I surveyed tht chaotic conditions in Rome, I decided that

       my first priority was to establish my authority.            The 82nd

       Airborne Division still had a few units left in the city

11     outskirts.         I called their Commander and requested that he assign

       to me twelve paratroopers in full combat gear for two days.

               My first call was the Communist Party Headquarters. I moved
                                                 C/C
       in with the twelve paratroopers my men surrounded the building.
                                                 A
       I told the communist in charge to relay to his superiors that I

       Was    filo nnla          2
                                                                      C
                                                                      C


stated, "You have been arresting so-called collaborators,

security threats and others.    I want all prisoners delivered to

my prison in 24 hours.    Otherwise, I will be back tomorrow, I'll

arrest everyone in this building and close your headquarters."

     They turned over all their prisoners, and the next day I

sent agents back and told them I wanted all the prisoners' papers

and possessions delivered to me in the next 24 hours or I would

be back.   They complied with my demands immediately.

     Ay next stop was the French Headquarters.    I conveyed the

exact message to the French Colonel in charge.    He complied

immediately wl.th my demands.

     The Italian Chief of Police and Italian Military

Intelligence, without hesitation, assured me of their full

cooperation, in any request or order to them.

     The British were no problem, because I had a British Field

Security Unit under my command.

     At this juncture we had to establish a security prison to

hold the inmates.   Our first attempt was a wing ;in the Italian

prisOn, 'Regina Coeli.'    This didn't work out because Italian

prisoners in the other parts of the prison would riot because our

prisoners were better fed.    We then took over a former prison for

wayward boys, which worked out very well.    However, one nagging

problem remained; the female prisoners.    It was most difficult to

separate them.   I finally went to see the Mother Superior of an

order of nuns that ran a prison for wayward girls.   I offered

some money, food for all inmates, including medical supplies and

a doctor once a week.    This worked out very well since the nuns

were rough, tough, no-nonsense jailers.
         _        One of my first duties was to arrest the German Embassy

             Diplomatic personnel who has not taken refuge in the Vatican.          I

             then had to secure all of the abandoned embassies and legations

             belonging,to the axis countries.   I also had to take over all

             public buildings including the building, containing Mussolini's

             balcony, from which he spoke to the fascists crowds.     The main

             problem was obtaining enough guards to properly secure the

             buildings.   I had to use Italian police.   I had to inspect each


20           building.    I took Italian police officials with me.

             year I turned all buildings over to the Italians.
                                                                     Within a


                  The war was still raging,   o we felt that anything that

             belonged to Hitler was fair play to be confiscated.     I took the


20           ambassadors Mercedes-Benz.   My C.I.C. took two smaller cans and I

             turned the others over to the Italian police.    The Japanese

             embassy had the best collection of champagne and liqueurs.

     -       Naturally, we felt the boys in the pacific would want us to

             sample the wines and liqueurs.   Which we did.   When the Chief of

             C.I.C. held a party for Doris Duke and we entertained the high

             Italian officials we were able to serve the best of Paid Roget,

             1928 vintage champagne, thanks to the axis partners.    I always


0            remember General Alexander's words, "Any fool can be

             uncomfortable."

                  We picked up a Mr. Kessler, a leading German diplomat on the

             street watching our troops enter Rome.   Later C.I.G. now CIA

             tried to use him to falsify the surrender of the German armies in

             Italy.   I cover in detail later, how I stopped this charade.      I

0            arrested hundreds like him in the beginning from our 'Wanted


0            List,' which in my opinion were hastily compiled.   After


0
          investigation of each case     I released over half of theM.

          However, the remainder still filled my prison to overflowing.         In
          order to alleviate the situation we established an interment camp

          in central Italy.     Security threats were held there pending their

          disposition to Germany or other countries.

                 Shortly after one of my sergeant's came in my office an

11        excitedly said, "Sir, you should see what is outside and she

          wants to see you."     I said, she must be something if she affects

          you in such a manner.    Show her in."   A tall beautiful girl

          entered and she began, "Sir, I want an American officer to come

          and live with, me."   I told her, "That's interesting, why?"     She

          continued "Italian partisans have twice wrecked my apartment.         I

          need protection."     I told her, we are disarming them and I don't

          think they will bother you much longer.    Go home and I will send

          two C.I.C. officers to look into the situation.     I checked her

          out.   She was an Austrian actress and was on the list to detain.

          I notified my C.I.C. and told them to get her ready for

         'internment.    A few days later as I was entering the C.I.C.

          headquarters, I heard talking and laughter coming down the steps.

         'Two of the C.I.C. agents were carrying on and with them was the

          Austrian actress, and she did not appear like a prisoner.      When

          they saw me they.fro.ze.   The laughter ended.   Perturbed, I said,

         ,"Did you both take up her offer to live with her?    I will give

     . You until tomorrow to gather her belongings and deliver her to

         the internment camp.     When you return report to your commander

          and have him call me."
     :
              .They delivered her and, the incident was closed.

             , I hal'zome'humorou8 indidents, but which also could be
- 1


      viewed as tragic.     When I took all prisoners from the communist,

      French, Partisans etc., among them were two peasant farmers

      charged with espionage by one of our allies, I went to the prison

      and one of my interrogators said, "Ask these two what they did to

      them."    They described to me how   12 volt battery terminals had

      been attached to their private parts.     I asked them, "How did it

      feel?"    The answer was senor, "You can never imagine."   We both

      began to laugh.    I asked my interrogator if he had anything on

      them.    He said, "Nothing Sir, these are not agents, they are

      illiterate farmers.    I told him, "Release them, give them a few

      lire to get 'lime."

       .     All in all, the prison was not a -source of any difficulty or

      concern, the British FSC guards were an efficient, tough group,

      and my disciplinarian, Visconti, the hugh carabinfierrenjoyed his

      job.    The nuns solved the problem on my female prisoners, so I

      was free to devote my time to my other duties.

             So I established myself as the only arresting authority in

16    the Rome area command, for security and cases of collaborating

      with the enemy.    Criminals and other lawbreakers were gradually

      turned over to the Italian Police.

             Military criminals and lawbreakers were the responsibility

      of the C.I.D. (Criminal Investigation Division).    I headed this

      division for about a year, then trained a major, and it was

      placed under the United States Provost Marshall, where it should

      have been; but in the initial stages, the Rome Area Commander
      wanted me to handle these matters.

             The next step was to put a stop to the denunciation of

      Fascists.    In a way this was an emotional issue, but many felt it
                                                                       C)


                                                                       C)
                                                                       C)
                                                                       C)
 was a way to get rid of people they disliked.    I had in my office
                                                                       C)
 the complete list of the Fascist party.    We had already
                                                                       C)
 apprehended the top elements or those considered dangerous.      I    C)
 found a way to handle the petty denunciation.    As the accusers      C)
                                                                       C)
 were let into my office, I heard their tale; then said, "Wait
                                                                       C)
 until I go to my books and see if you were registered as a
                                                                       C)
 Fascist."    They would hastily depart, and after a few weeks this    C)
 practice stopped.                                                     C)
                                                                       C)
      The Gestapo had a system that, for a price, prisoners could
                                                                       C)
 be bought out of their jails.    Naturally, many Italians felt this   C)

 practice was universal.    We only had military courts, and           0
                                                                       C)
 civilian    "due process" was virtually non—existent.   There were
                                                                       0
 no dealings with lawyers or intermediaries.    On occasion, some of
                                                                       C)
 these people would insist on Seeing me.                               0
      They, invariably, would walk in my office and without a word

 spoken drop a little leather bag on my desk. I would hear the
                                                                       CD
                                                                       0
 clink of gold pieces. I would press a button on my desk: One of
                                                                       ()
 my agents would come in; and I would say, "Arrest him, charge         ()
 bribery."                                                             ()

      I would then 'pick up the bag, take it to the General, and
                                                                       (.
 say, "General, I've been bribed again; let's see how much I

 made."   The bag generally contained gold Napoleons, British 5

.pound sterling gold pieces, or United States $20 gold pieces.

...The General would call in the Command Adjutant General; he would

 make out the proper papers and take the gold pieces to the United

 States Finance Office, for shipment to the Unites States

 Treasury.    After a few weeks cooling-off period, I would release

 the briber, less his money.   After a half dozen attempts, the
    '1]
          practice came to an abrupt halt.

               I had to put a halt to another practice called       "Epurizione"

          or literally translated     "Purifying by purges."   This plan was

          the brain child of the communists or Palmiro Togliatti, the Party

          Chief, who had been brought to Italy aboard a United States Navy

          Cruiser, and was appointed Minister of Grace and Justice.

               This practice could undermine my security system which was

          heavily dependent on Italian forces.     Togliatti began to reach

          into the ranks of government, police and military, even into the

          economic sector.

               I immediately went to the Chief of Police of Italy; and we

          went to see Prime Minister Alcide Degasperi, who also was

0         Minister of Interior.    (This move went a long way to

          reestablishing Italy after the war, since he controlled all the

          security forces.)     I told him I couldn't tolerate Togliatti's

          scheme; and since he was a member of the government, we were


     1    going to clash head on with his Justice Department.      The Prime

          Minister said, "I have been wanting to meet you; I have heard a

          lot about you.     This practice of "epurizione" disturbs me, and I

          plan to do something about it.    What do you suggest?"

               "To stop criticism by your media, I would like you to

          announce that the Rome area Allied Command will allow no purges

          of the police, military intelligence and carabiniere, unless I

          investigate the case."

               The Prime Minister got up and shook hands with me and said,

          "I will announce that no government official or citizen will be

          "purged" unless I investigate first."    This ended another threat

          to our security.
En                                                                                   c)c)
 TI                  I am most proud to say that until I left Rome in 1947, this C)
                                                                                 C)
                great man, Prime Minister De Gasperi, and I remained close
                                                                                 C)
                friends. In an interesting side note, General Dasher, the Rome   C)

                 Area Commander, called me one day and laughingly said, "I don't     C)
                                                                                     C)
TI               know how you did it, but how did you ever get Prime Minister to

                recommend you for promotion?"   At a reception last night Mr. De
                                                                                     C)
                                                                                  C)
                Gasperi singled me out and said, 'Why don't you promote Corso?' " C)

                     "I told him that I put you in for promotion some time ago;      C)
                                                                                     C)
                and get that look off your face,. I know you didn't push it."
                                                                                     C)
                     (During the process I stopped the purge of a Carabiniere
                                                                                     C)
                Colonel.   He' later became Commanding General of the Carabiniere    (3
                and fifteen years later came to a special dinner held for me in      C)
                                                                                     0
                Rome.)
      ,14;;.
                                                                                     -0
                      Now that my position was established and there was no
                                                                                      C)
                question even in the minds of the communists that I was the only     0

                arresting authority in Rome on security matters pertaining to   - C)
                                                                                  C)
                Rome Area Allied Command, I began my plans to clean up the city.

                I had some forces at my call:   the Customs service, the Italian

                Lightning Squad of the Italian Police, a Battalion of

                Carabiniere, and my own C.I.C. and British FSC.    Also, Full

                support of the Prime Minister, Chief of Police of Italy,

                Commanding General of the new. Italian Army and my own Commanding

                Generals, Major General Charles Dasher and Deputy CG Brigadier
               ; Edwin Lowe.

                     Now, I had to build my organization.    I needed a personal      c:

                informant network, whereby no one could move in or out of the         C

                city without my knowledge.   The best mechanism to move in on, was

                the black market and its various factions.    I discovered that
   each faction was a distinct and separate entity.

       First and foremost, any of my adversaries would need money

   or need to exchange money.    I found out the top man in this gray

   area of money and gold black market and sent word that I wanted

   to meet with him alone, at a place of his choosing.    We met a few

  days later.    The conversation went as follows"

       "Want do you want of me, Senor?"

       "I want you to work with me.     Not for money, although I

  offer a token stipend in American dollars, but above all I offer

  protection."

       "What do you want in return?"

       "Only one thing, information that affects the security of my

  soldiers."

       "What if I refuse?"

       "We met with no strings attached and part the same way, as

  if this meeting never took place."

       "I have heard of you     but how do I know you can offer what

• :you say -- protection?"
                                               •
       "You want an example of my authority and that I can do what

  I say?"


       "Your brother has been arrested by the Italians and faces a

' long prison term."

       "You want to intercede for him for my cooperation and

  possibly ease his sentence?"

       "No, if we work together, I want no sword of Damocles over

  your head.. I want a free and voluntary relationship.     You agreed

  to meet- with .me„ arld:I.have to'
                                   ..prove my good faith and that I can
Ji                                                                            \€


                                                                                0


        keep my promise.    Here is your brother's arrest record.   It is

41      off of the books, and he is at this moment a free man enjoying

        the Rome opera.    (I had two seats permanently assigned to me.)

        There is an empty seat next to him.    You can pick up your ticket

        to the empty seat at the box office and enjoy the opera with him
rp-
        or take him home.    No strings attached.    Do what you must do.   I

        arose, and said "I bid you arrivederci, Senor."

             This began a relationship which lasted until I left Rome.

        It possibly saved many Allied lives and was of immeasurable help

        to the Italian Government, in getting on their feet and stopping

        communist incursions.
1.1.•


            In rapid succession the head of the diamond or precious

        stone black market, as well as the head of the commodity black

        market which dealt in furs, cars, food, etc., made contact with

        me, and the same arrangement was established.

             In the interim, I called Prefect Bantoro, from the Special

        Section of the Ministry of Interior.    In effect, I revitalized

        the OVRA or Mussolini's secret police.      They controlled all the

        concierge's or doorman caretakers of all the large apartment

        houses.   Any stranger or visitor was quickly reported to me.

             My underground and informer net which reported only to me

        was established.    Any movement of agents, saboteurs, gestapo,

        S.S., KGB, etc., was quickly reported to me. My net was now

        complete. It reached far beyond my jurisdiction.     In one quick

        swoop, I established a net second to none.
      headwaiter of this night club later saved Italy's economy.        I

      will cover this episode later.

           My next move was to take over the excellent phone tapping

      system at the Ministry of Interior.    The system had been used by

      the Fascist Ser However, there were holes in my net.     The overall
                                                                       [
     structure was sound, but I had to cover the jet—set types and the\_.4"

     middle class of society.

          Rome had many night clubs and expensive restaurants

     featuring music and dancing.   In Europe, the waiter serves the

     appetizers in carts wheeled to your table, and generally, the

     salads, and, say spaghetti, or main courses are served and mixed

     at your table from   mobile serving tables.   The same fs true for

     desserts.   A crepe suzette was fired up at your table.    A waiter

     spends a lot of time serving, and he is worth his weight in gold

     in picking up conversations from tongues loosened by cocktails

     and wine.

          In each case, I summoned the owner and headwaiter.     I

     offered the headwaiter money for himself and his waiters, and to

     the owner, I offered protection from any disturbance or

     interference from Allied personnel or any other source.     They

     gladly accepted, and all I wanted was information which affected

     our security. .In one instance Allied personnel raided a club and

     took over 100 bottles of scotch whiskey and other liquors. The

     owner called me and I was furious.    I called the Allied unit and

     told the commanding officer, that if he didn't return every last
7)   bottle within an hour ? I would personally come to his unit and
c)
7)   place him under arrest for theft.    The liquor was returned.   This

7)   incident firmly established my position.    Information from the
                                                                     C)
                                                                     C)
and will be married soon.     We want you as best man." •
                                                               ()
     I told him, "No, get one of your close friends, but, I tell()

you what would please me.   I would be most happy to give the        C)
bride away."    This time I accepted a hug from a pretty blonde     ()
                                                                     C)
junior officer.
                                                                     C)
     My nets were now beginning to function like a spider web.
                                                                     C)
It spanned both above ground and the underground, the 50 square C)

mile area of Rome Area Allied Command.     When a fly touched a      C)
                                                                C)
strand, the "Centralino" or central switchboard lit up and like c)

the spider, we quickly apprehended the victim.     My system was     C)
arrest first, ask questions later.                                   C)

     I needed one more ingredient to complete my web.       I finally 9,

had five.    One, for example, was in the Italian Communist Party ()

Central Committee.    Another was in our own "Stars and Stripes," 0

the United States Army newspaper, whose editor was an Atherican      C)

communist.   The other three were in various Italian political
                                                                     CD
                                                                     CD
parties.    Of extreme value were twelve Italian custom guards.
                                                                     ()
They lived with my C.I.C., and I supplemented their meager salaryC

from proceeds of valuables seized in raids     with full knowledge ()

of the Commanding General.)    These men pulled raids at gunpoint
                                                                     ()
at great risk to their lives.    They were experts at their          ()
profession and could follow and tail people with a proficiency

which was a marvel to study.    When watching a building or home of
                                                                  -C

a suspect, they would blend into the scenery and population so

that they were the environment.    One had a little folding stand;

he sold watermelon slices, another sold cigarettes.     The third

had a burner and sold hot ,chestnuts.   The fourth, a little man,

dressed like a bum and curled up and appeared to sleep in
0000000000 U 0 u
                                    doorways.   They were most ingenious.    But while on witch I would

                                    receive hourly reports.

                                        tOne day I sent for them and told their Lieutenant to dress

                                    them in their finest.     I marched them in general Dasher's office;

                                    and he pinned on each the Medal of Freedom, the highest United

                                    States award given to foreigners.     I never saw a prouder group of

                                    well deserving men.

                                         At last my nets were complete.     Movement or covert activity


   000000000000000000000000000000
                                    in Rome was virtually impossible without my knowledge.      Now I

                                    went after the spies and saboteurs.

                                         I do not wish to take away form my C.I.C. agents.      Among

                                    them were ex FBI and police detectives.     They performed admirably

                                    during my stay in Rome.    Their informants added to, and

                                    supplemented my nets.   Their courage and intelligence were

                                    attested to by the numerous decorations they earned.
                                                                      0

                       CHIEF OF ITALIAN INTELLIGENCE


         I had the privilege of meeting, in the performance of my
                        mEN
    official duties, such as General Pompeo Agrifoglio, Chief of

    Italian Intelligence.   His successor, General Pasquale

    De Pasquale, whom I consider one of the most brilliant

    intelligence minds I ever met;   The Chief of Police of Italy,

    Luigi Ferrari; the prime Minister, Alcide De Gasperi; Pope Pius

    XII; Msgr. Montini, later Pope Paul VI; Baron Von Maise#ker,

    the German Ambassador to the Vatican and Rome and the Vatican;

    and our Deputy Commander of the Rome Area Allied Command, the

    astute and brilliant British Brigadier Lowe.   There were many,

    many more, but these are the principal people with whom I had

    direct dealings in the intelligence field, and from *hose close

    association I profited most in preparation for my future role.

         However, the two men who .contributed to, and played the

    primary rule in tutoring me and to my success. where the Chief

    of Police of Italy and the Chief of Italian Intelligence.   I

    feel that Italy's posture in today's world can be traced back

    to their efforts.and actions during a most critical period in

    Italy's history:


A

3
tj


           Lila actions and word descriptions.   I went to him for assistance
                              \
           soon after my agents had reported an arms cache located in the

           city.   I briefed him and asked, "Excellency, will you plan the

           raid for me?"   He kept staring at me, not a muscle moving in his

          face, and I often thought what a poker player he would have made.

          When I received no answer, I sort of half-pleaded again, "Will

           you help me?"   Later I learned not to repeat a request, because

          he answered only when the complete plan was formulated in his

           mind.   After what seemed a long and agonizing wait, I saw his

          eyes flicker and his answer was, "You are inviting me to the

          honeymoon."    Needless to say, the raid was executed to

          perfection; we captured over a thousand weapons and a dozen armed

           men without a shot being fired.

                One hot, sunny day, I dropped into his office to keep a

          luncheon engagement.    The old gentleman was wearing a jacket.     As

          we went out in the hot sun, I shed my civilian coat.    He kept his

          on.   I saw his coat slightly opened and noticed that he wore a

          shoulder holster and pistol.   I asked, "General, in your office

          in the middle of the day, why are you carrying a pistol?"     His

          answer made me realize why I needed instruction from this man.

                He said, "Son, I have been in this business for over forty

          years, and I learned that if I needed this pistol once and didn't

          !lave it, I would be a permanently dead fool."   From then on I

          carried a snubnose .38 special under my arm, and it probably

          saved my life during an attempted assault on night, shortly after
     .4
          midnight, only a half block from my quarters.

                During my tour of duty, I controlled what we called a

          "Security Prison," in which all captured enemy agents and
                                                                              00
       saboteurs were incarcerated before trial or disposition.       Being    00
       the Allied Chief of Intelligence, the prison and prisoners were

       my responsibility.    One day, General Agrifoglio accompanied me on      00
C.     a tour of the prison.

       people.
                                He lectured me on the character of these
                  His words ran along the following line:
                                                                                 0
           "You and I are dealing with the dregs of humanity--thieves,

      killers, dope addicts, prostitutes, saboteurs, spies, and
                                                                                 0
Ft-   collaborators.    In the United States you preach fair play.     Such
                                                                                 00
      an attitude among these people will be interpreted as a sign of

      weakness.    They inform on each other and ask you to beat them to          00
      prove to the qthers that they talked under duress.      If you think
      you can treat these types with dignity and fair play, then resign
                                                                                   0
      and go home, because you never will have any effective security.

      Remember the lives of your troops and the safety of your

      installations are at stake.     When you capture a saboteur, you

      cannot be    'fair.'   His companions, at that moment, may be

      planting the explosives which could destroy and kill.      You must
      make the prisoners talk, in order to round up the remainder of

      the group as quickly as possible.     This is war, not a football or
      soccer game."

                                                 carabiniere assistant
      Rowdy prisoners would be disciplined by my
      who usually beat them up.


 Ti   KILLER WITHOUT CONSCIENCE

                                       them.
      Carried a gun and knife and used


      EAVESDROPPER

                             telephone intercept systems in the world.
      Had one of the best
    111

          ITALIAN INTELLIGENCE SERVICE (S.I.M.)


0              Rome, on June 4, 1944, was a city of wild, joyful

          demonstrators, just as, some six weeks later, Paris too, was to
0
0         become.     The Allied Forces had moved in, the Nazis were gone and

          no longer in control, and the whole world looked a lot brighter.

               However, from the military intelligence aspect, the outlook

          was grim.    We entered Rome with a long list of wanted spies,

          saboteurs, and collaborators.    Keeping subversion under control

          would be a fqrmidable task.    A United States officer was assigned,

          the slot of Assistant Chief of Intelligence, G-2, of the ,Rome

          Area Allied Command and assumed the overall responsibility for

          security of the area.    Counter intelligence, until this time, had

          been mostly a British responsibility.    Whether in jest, mockery,
0         or in a serious vein, British intelligence officers, in referring

          to us, used the phrase, "How green is our ally?"

0              It was during my 13-2 assignment that P met,A with a formal

          salute and handshake, the Chief of Italian Military Intelligence

          - General Pompeo Agrifoglio, a man nearing his sixtieth     _

          birthday.    This short, stocky man, with an inscrutable iron mask

          face and penetrating blue eyes, was to become my mentor, tutor,

          and guide throughout one of the most difficult assignments of my
    LT]

               I never quite knew whether it was envy, dislike, or fear

          that caused my contemporaries in Allied Intelligence to refer to

          me as "his 'boy."   I was a young officer of 28 and accurately

          fitted the British description of greenness and inexperience.


    4
Following the initial ,hectic days, counterintelligence settled

down to a battle of wits and sort of chess game, where checkmate

meant the permanent end for one of the adversaries.

        A mutual respect began to build up between ourselves and

Italian intelligence.     General Agrifoglio and I were in almost

constant contact.     During a brief lull one day, the tutoring

began in earnest, when he said, "I have some advice for you, and

I'll give it to you just as I would to my own son. Get out of

intelligence.     Due to the nature of this business, you'll always

be seeking the truth.    This type of truth, when found, will give

you no peace of mind, but mostly anguish and pain,      you will

uncover evil, rottenness and deceit.     The actions you must take

upon your findings can alter, change, or destroy lives.      A

mistake on your part could bring destruction upon you and those

you must protect.     This is a deadly profession.   If you don't

have the stomach for it, then it will ruin your health.      If it

preys on your mind, your outlook on life will be ruined.         But, of

course, you won't heed me---you are young, the position is

exciting, and it brings with it a sense of power, romance, and

adventure.     So, let's get down to work.   I will teach you the

business."

        And so began. the hard lessons upon which depended the lives

of our troops in Rome and the safety of our installations in the

krea.    Four years later, upon my departure, in March 1947, and

after the capture and neutralization of 3,500 agents and

_collaborators, I reflected on how well he had taught me "the
            •
 business."   .

     The character of the man revealed itself over and over by
    o
    o
    o
 0              FATHER CONFESSOR
 0      :11
0               Prisoners upon release invariably would thank me and say that
0               while they were in prison, they had found God.

0
0               CUPID

0
0               An Air Force officer asked me to check his fiancee. I found she
                had ten arrests for prostitution. I met him years later in
0               Korea. He had dropped her, went home, married his childhood

0               sweetheart. They had two children and were very happy.


0
0               DEVIL'S APPRENTICE


                The communists said I had the "eyes" of the devil, and I carried
0               "the devil's Knife."

0
0               HERO

0
0               The Italian Army gave me a medal for valor, and the United States
                Army gave me 17 decorations.
0
0               FOOL
0
                'Many times I look back at fool hardy acts and think, why did I do
                 sUch things?   .
0
0               CRAZY OR'GENIUS
0
                I was typed as both, by my enemies and my friends. It was to my
                advantage to perpetuate both.myths. One made me unpredictable to
                my enemies; the other admired by my friends.
                                                                   1
                       I &mild go on:, but his is enough to explain to the reader

               .what General Agrifoglio,meant.    He had been an intelligence

              ' Officer all his life, and he knew full well the effect this type

                of:operation could have on an individual.    Before he died, he

              . .tOok. my hanci and said, "Well done, Son; once you leave here,

                treat the . ofiaracterilitiOns:,put on you like epitaphs on the tomb
     of the Assistant Acting Chief of Staff, G-2, of the Rome Area

     Command.     Treat it like it has become a ghost of the past and

     move on to your living a life of the future."
             As I reflect upon the numerous espionage and sabotage nets

     we destroyed, I realize how realistic were his words in this game

     of kill or be killed.

         One day General Agrifoglio paid a surprise visit to my

     office.    He brought two valuable presents.   One was a wicker


EU   basket containing the keys to every door to the United States

     Embassy, and a small book containing the combination to every

     safe.    He had taken these from the OVRA or secret police
                                              rf


                                              fl,


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                               I    them and taught them new methods and techniques.

                                                         A short four years later, an application of his teachings in

                                                    Korea earned me the Legion of Merit and several other honors and
                                              TTI   decorations.   He taught me "the business" all too well.

                                                         A new man, General De Pasquale was appointed head of S.I.M.

                                                    He was an intelligent, brilliant man and largely responsible for

                                                    the defeat of the Yugoslav armies.    But to men like these,

                                                    reputation and past accomplishments, or a recommendation, were

                                                    not enough. You had to prove yourself.    Although General

                                                    Agrifoglio had introduced me with the words, "Treat him like he

                                                    is one of ours," this Was not enough for General De Pasquale.

                                                         I called him and told him I was coming to his office for a

                                                    visit.    When I arrived, I sat in front of his desk and I asked,

                                                    "Do- you have a recorder?   If so, turn it on."   He said, "Yes,

                                                    pick up the ashtray."    It was a microphone.

                                                         I told him, "Call your deputy in, what I have to say

                                                    concerns both of you."

                                                         I began, "General, it is obvious we don't understand each

                                                    other."   I had a file with numerous reports from him in it.     I

                                                    picked them up and said, "General, don't waste my time.      I could

                                                    buy better for ten lire at a newsstand.   I want to explain my

                                                    position.   My job is to restore law and order and turn your city

                                                    back to you.   My country's policy is to reestablish Italy into

                                                    the family of free nations.   My army's policy and my personal

                                                    policy is to restore your service and along with it your pride

                                                    and dignity, and I intend to do this with or without your help."

                                                    I then arose to leave.

                                                         He said, "Wait, please."    He came around his desk, took the
documents from me, ripped them in half and threw them in the

wastebasket.

     From that point on, their cooperation was invaluable.   The

General and I became close friends.   Later, I recommended him for

the First Chief of Security and Intelligence of NATO.   He was

appointed to the position.
    BLACKLIST


          Often, unplanned events solidified my position with the

    Italian security forces.   I received an order from the ,Allied

    &antral Commission, that the french wanted Major Di Lorenzo, a

    division Chief in Italian Intelligence, and Prefect Giliardo of

    the Italian Police, arrested and turned over to them as possible

    war criminals, for acts committed during the short lived Italian

    occupation of Southern France.    I knew both men personally, and

    they were intelligent, forthright individuals and were among the

     best in their business.   I wrote a letter to the Chief of Police

    of Italy and the General in charge of S.I.M.   (Italian Military

    Intelligence.)   (Both men had done an excellent job fo'r us and I

    knew they had disregarded SS and Gestapo orders to turn over Jews

     in the French Riviera area.) -

          My letter read:

          To    His Excellency. Ferrari
J
          To    General De Pasquale

          Today, I received orders to arrest Prefect Giliardo and

    Major Di Lorenzo of your respective command, for tr,ial as war

    criminals, stemming from Italy's occupation of South France.      In

    order to assist you in any, decision; I instruct as follows:

    .If orders come to you from any other source except my command, (I

    'will reiterate that I am the only arresting authority in the Rome

    area for such cases,) you will immediately notify me, day or

    night, of any person whether allied or Italian, presenting

    himself as an arresting authority.    They will, immediately be
       detained, by force, if necessary, and turned over to me

            You will instruct Prefect Giliardo and Major Di Lorenczo to

       remain in my area of authority, from Civitavecchia south to Ostia            C

       and Anzio, east to Castol Gondolfo, or 80. kilometers around Rome.

            In case of any direct pressure from any source, you can,

       immediately, assign them to my C.I.C, on via Sicilia.     They will       C.:

       reside with my agents.    Colonel Morena has been so advised, and

       will be pleased to have them join his C.I.C.    These are standing

       orders.
                                                                                •C


                                      Philip J. Corso, GSC                       C)
                                      (General Staff Corps.)                    C)
                                      A C of S - G2
                                      Rome Area Allied Command                  0


            I sent the letters by messengers, to both men, with

       instructions to hria back their responses.     I received almost         0
                                                                                0
       similar answers from both.
                                                                                0
            "They are our men and we will protect them with all means in        C)
      'our power.   We wish to thank you, and cannot express our feeling        0

       and thanks to you, in words.   you are a true friend and this
                                                                                0
       episode will not be forgotten.   If you so desire, a full report

       of their activities in Southern France will be sent to you."

       sent word back, ."Not necessary."
.1]
            The next day I called a British Colonel, an old friend, at

      '.AFHQ, in Caserta.   t asked, Colonel, I need a favor, as you know
      :we Americans are naive and sometimes downright stupid,"     He

       laughed and said, "I know all that Corso, what do you need?"         I

      ?responded..:,.."There are two- Italians the French want as war
              •.
                     We.thre too.damn, dgmb, I mean moral (I could hear a
          chuckle) to keep a black list.     I will send you the details. ,

          Could you possibly make a deal with the French, exchange, my two,

          for two on your list?   I will be obligated."

               He ended the conversation, "Send the details I will let you

          know."

               More than three month's passed before I heard from him.        My
a         phone rang, an English voice said, "Corso, your chaps are free."

          I said, "Thanks."    He hung up.

a              I checked and the Prefect and Major were no longer wanted by

a         the French.   I called Chief Ferrari and General Pasquale with the

          news and asked them to notify their men.     They declined and said,
a
a         "No, you should break the good news to them.     You deserve their

          thank's personally."

               Major Di Lorenzo's thanks went as follows, "I am going home

          to Naples, but for you I might never have gone home. For as long

          as I live my home is your home."

               Prefect Giliardo, had been a policeman in the international

          colony in Shanghai, "His thanks were an embrace and tears in his

          eyes..   My liaison officer the next day brought me a small   ivory
a         statue as a gift.   I refused it and said Mario, "Give it back to
    Zn
          him, I am sure he doesn't have much, especially to give me

          gifts."

               Capt. Bolaffio, said, "No I can't"     You say I have taught

         , you much about the Italians.   I will teach you another lesson.

          This gift came from his heart for saving him.     There is no way I

          can give it back.   Either accept it or destroy it."    I told him,

          "Put it on- my desk."
                                                                                         Irt


                                          -CHA-PTER, X


                              ITALIAN CHIEF OF POLICE


     During my tour of Rome, I was most fortunate to meet men like the
                            1.tmGr             CALLED Nit
     Chief of Police of Italy, errari. I never kewtiiTs first name,

     because it was not customary, either in Italy or in Italian, to

     use first names the way we do here in America.                                Even today, I
                       Vdt!   r ity t• ;r,,d   w t rya   • '7 .   k   CSt   (WC      0
     cannot recall e+lahel         tagr,:ort=heata+ng-itrestsr.                      He had been a

     Supreme Court , Judge and had defied Mussolini.                              He was over forty

     years my senior, a grand gentleman, and a most astute and

     intelligent    individual.      I called on him at least once a week to

     discuss security matters.           I looked forward to the pleasant

     sessions when we would sit          at his conference table,                        sipping an

     Italian    liqueur, and talking.

          One day he said, "Corso, I wish to thank you for what you

     have done for my police.          You will never know how you have

     affected their morale.        You trained my 'Squadra Celere, '

     (Lightning Squad); you got them jeeps, arms, tear gas, medicine,                                      ()

     and often food.      And you ride with them on raids and riot -                                       ()

     control.    You take the same risks as they do.
                                                                                                           C)
          "My wonderful, elite mounted police -- you ride with them.                                       ()
    :I never thought they would accept a foreign officer; but they
                                                                                                           ()
     say, 'He is one of ours.'           The people see you with them and
                                                                                                           ()
     applaud.. They are proud to have .you ride with them.                                     You are a

     symbol of security and authority, and I thank you on how you

j    helped bring this proud unit back. To the rank and file of my


a
     police you are virtually a legend."

          "Excellency,"   I replied, they hold Ex morale up.    As you

     know, I was most insecure when I was given the job in Rome.

     They helped me; I.couldn't let them down.    When I ride my great,

     black horse named 'Corso,' I feel like I am on top of the world.

     His strength gives me pride and a sense of ego, possible

     greatness, which I have never felt before.    He looks at me when I


Ii   pat him as if he knows me.   He always brushes that great snout

     and lips gently over my cheek like a kiss of affection.    I talk

     to him, and I know he understands.    When I ride him through Rome,

     I get the strange feeling, 'Corso' the great horse; 'Corso'     the

     soldier have ridden here before."


J
          One of the greatest honors paid me was the invitation of bite

     Italian Police rank and file of their mounted horses squadron i,of

     the "Celere" Division, to become a member of their unit.          Prefect
     Moro, their commander, my close friend, anztagre         tre--

     4trte-s4igEr-tors-t-h4g—epa-ntscrfaing,‘case, insisted I accept the

     invitation of his men.    When I told him I couldn't ride, he;

     without hesitation, said, "We will teach y.ou."    When I got fairly

     proficient (after many harrowing experiences), they asked me to

     attend a ceremony.    When I arrived, they were all mounted; and my

     instructor was holding the most beautiful horse I had ever seen.

     He was their champion jumper.    In my honor, they had changed his

     name to "Corso."    I mounted the horse, and I was shaky and

     insecure.    The beautiful animal must have sensed my condition, and

     the occasion.    This high - spirited horse was as gentle as a

     lamb.    I just sat in the saddle.   He took me through the paces.

     Prefect Moro rode alongside of me.    I was in my United States

     Army uniform, and we rode through the streets of Rome.           I don't

     think there was ever a prouder day in my life.     I was actually

     riding with a crack Italian mounted police squad.     The Italians

     would stop and smile as We rode by.     I had a strange, wonderful

     feeling and a ringing in my ears as I rode through the streets of

     Rome.    Had I done this before in some by - gone age?      "Deja Vu?"

                 "Corso" was not ridden by anyone else while I was in

     Tome.    He used to snuggle his snout up against me. I always had

     sugar cubes in my pocket for him.    One day, Moro hinted to me
1.   that I should hide the sugar cube feeding, since the men had no

     sugar.   The next day, I sent two hundred pounds of sugar to be

     divided up among the men, and some tid-bits for the horses.          And
                                                 I told Moro, "There will be more, now can I give my horse Some?"


00000000000000 00000000000000000000000000000
                                                 Naturally, these men were my favorites 'among the police.    I
                                                taught them riot control, got them tear gas, modern armi and,

                                                other equipment.     They controlled many riots while we were in

                                                Rome, to insure our security.

                                                     Before leaving Italy, I hugged that beautiful horse.         He
                                                began to whinny.     I know he sensed that I was leaving.   It was

                                                like leaving a member of my family.

                                                    'Many times during, this period I used to think -- was it

                                                written in the books many ages ago that I was destined to come

                                                back to. "'tome and stabilize it after a devastating war; to destroy

                                                all remnants of the Nazi Army; and stop the incursions of a new

                                                enemy from the, East threatening its complete destruction down to

                                                its ideological roots?     Was I reading too much into a coincidence

                                                      At this juncture, Ferrari said, "The Prime Minister, De

                                                Gaspari, and I often talk about You.     Of the hundreds of

                                                thousands of American soldiers, you were chosen to come here.

                                                You knew us too well, and we are convinced you have been here

                                                before.     This is 'your city as well as ours."

                                                     I replied, "I hope I can live up to your expectations and

                                                return .to you a beautiful city, free, peaceful, with law and

                                                orderjcompletelfrestored.      Now, Excellency, I want to tell you

                                                something I have never talked about, and I hope you don't think I

                                                am a romantic ydung man prone.to dreams and a wild imagination."

                                                     "I will not go.. into the iRoman ruins, not because I fear any

                                               'man living, but because my mind might encounter something which

                                                it is not capable or big enough to solve .or provide answers to

                                                what I might have seen.     I walked into one Of the ruins not too

                                               :long ago.    I looked down and saw a coin.   It was an old coin:       I

                                               . rubbed:off the dust ,with My thumb.   Imprinted was the dark head
 JI                                                                                     iC


                                                                    AND
           and face of a man and a date.    I el,*4rAit look4 at it, brat threw the

           coin as far as I could back into the dust.      I left the ruin.     Why
           did I throw away the coin?    I don't know.    I was not afraid, but

           I had to leave that spot without the coin.
 ^

               "At night I park my car at my C.I.G. Headquarters at Villa

           Borghese.    I never let the guards drive me to the hotel.       I want     ()
                                                                                       ()
           to walk.    I head down the side streets, then down the center of
                                                                                       ()
           Via Sicilia, often at 2:00 or 3:00 a.m.      Foolish perhaps, but I
                                                                                       ()
           can't resist wandering the streets in the early morning hours,               CD
           alone and when the streets are deserted.      I never remember
                                                                                       0
           meeting anyone, but I never feel alone, and walk with an unusual
                                                                                      ()
           euphoria.    One night I was in the center of the street on Via
                                                                                      ()
           Sicilia.    A man stepped in front of me.   I don't know where he           0

           came from.   I had a 9mm beretta in my short coat pocket, with my           0
                                                                                       C)
           hand on it, and I was no more that 12" from him.      I was ready to
                                                                                       0
           shoot him in the stomach.    Then I drew my knife.    He suddenly let      ()
           out an ungodly shriek and turned, running away like a frightened            0
                                                                                       C)
           animal.    He stumbled, raised his arm over his head and fell,
                                                                                      0
           regained his footing, and disappeared.      I remember, I kept on
                                                                                       C)

hi         walking as if nothing had happened, went to the Ambassador Hotel

           and took my key from the clerk and said goodnight.       I went to my
                                                                                      0


                                                                                      C)
           room and went to bed.    Days later, I thought of the incident,

           which I had forgotten.    I figured he iensed death, since I was           CD
      I.


           ready to shoot him, and he ran .for his life.     But then I thought;

           my devil knife, the shriek, the stumble with up raised arm as if
                                                                                      ()
           to protect his head.    Were my soldiers with me and went at him

           with swords .drawn, or was I on the great horse 'Corso' with short         (.-;

           sword drawn?    Was this real or an aberration of time for an
0000000000000000u
                                  instant, when we went after him and rode him down

                                  I looked at the Chief of Police, thinking now I ruined

                                  everything.    He will think I am Crazy. j But, he said, "I think

                                  I understand.    In a few days you will be notified.   A grateful

                                  Italy is awarding you the first and highest honor ever given

                                  a foreigner.    You will receive the "Italian Was Cross". We

                                  decided you are one of ours."

                                       (At the ceremony I looks on the "Croce de Guerra" and saw

                                  inscribed on the back, "For Military Valor".    I asked General

                                  Cardonna, the Italian Chief of Staff. "Isn't this a mistake,

                                  shouldn't it be for meritorious achievement " He answered, "No,

                                  we made no mistake, it is inscribed correctly."


     00000000000000000000000000
                                       Years later, the adjutant General of the United States

                                  Army issued and order that I was authorized to officially accept

                                  the "Italian War Cross" and the "Order of the Crown of Italy"

                                  and wear them with my other decorations.)

                                       At our next session Chief Ferrari, said "Corso, my men -

                                  reported to me a dead body of a Gestapo agent.     He was cut with

                                  a knife and shot.    Can you tell me what happened. I said "Yes

                                  Sir, I have nothing to hide from you. I am not sure what

                                  happened. With an uncanny instinct and not even thinking, I

                                  drew my knife.    My assailant was about ten feet away.   It seemed
                                  that the knife leaped and drew me with it.     It found is mark
                                  and seems without my assistance.    This is the unreal part of
                                  the story for which I can offer no
                                                                     explanation, except perhaps
                                  I am a survivor    Now I will relate the real part of the
                                                                                            event.
                                                                                   •


          One night, coming out of a Roman night club, a man

     approached on my right. Wi4h4.4414;ntam1/414y instinct, I sensed his
                                   N1/4
                my'
     mission. 7,fre devil's knife flashed, it cut into his right

     forearm, and opened it like a fish's belly.                          I could feel it
     slicing through the soft flesh.                 With my left hand, I reached for
     the gun he held in his now limp, nerveless fingers.                         I fired, and
     he crumpled.       I turned to the doorman and said, "Call the Italian

     police to clean up this garbage, and tell them to send any papers

     on him to .me."         He saluted, and said, "Si Senor."                 I put the gun,
     a 9mm Beretta, in my pocket.               The gun intended to kill me, I

     carried it for the. duration of my stay in Rome.                        It became the

     companion of the devil's knife which had made its first mark on a

     killer.

          (I remembered when I was a boy, we chased and cornered a

     stray cat.     One of my friends caught it and with its claws it

     ripped his- forearm as clean as a razor cut.)                        This became the

     deadly sign of the devil's knife, for which it was well suited.

                   1,111.1   I   MA66.   52PN   hiv“vdt, • AS   7>
           54 He
           .


IF   'American officer with the eyes -af— the - Uevil.
                                                            them a
                                                                            The top rim of my

     G.I. issue glasses cut directly across my eyes, giving
                                                   Alit-Jr:Pr        4n
                                                              tip of
     rather diabolical appearance.) One communist said,, "The
                                                            which ;;;
                                                                    jra
     the devil's knife flashes in his devil's eyes," a myth

     surely in my interest to perpetuate.
7)
7)                   In the three years that the myth of the devil's knife was
7)             alive, 1944 - 1947, not one American or Allied soldier was harmed
D                                     None of our installations were damaged.       Was
               or killed in Rome.
7)
               the myth a reality?     It's mark, which was seen many times, was a
7)
7)             reality.   Many Americans went home safe and well because of the
7)             fear it conveyed.     Upon my departure from Italy, I left it with a
7)
               loyal and trusted friend, who knew how to use it.       I will tell
7)
c)             his story later.

c)   L--             -8-seer'fhe Italian Chief of Police, Ferrari, said, "Corso, I

c)                                         %F' Alt                          OF=
                know you carry a gun, but baitme-kgs.ma- story circulating Milt your
c)                                                     A

                callo4devilis knife which flashes like lightning." I began to
0               laugh and said, "Excellency, I planted the myth and it is       .

c)              catching on."     I reached back, pulled the knife and put the

c)              stiletto on his desk.     He picked it up and said, "Myth it is, but
c)
c)              the knife is real.    I am most pleased that you heeded my advice

                and teaching, and do not take it lightly that your enemies are
0
0               deadly killers.    What a gimmick!    I am proud of you.   They don't
      [I —
0               fear a gun, but the myth of the devil's knife that does its
0
     II         master's bidding -- what a weapon, the fear of the unknown,
7)
                symbolized by a knife.     You will survive
                                                        _   and your people are safe
     11
     _          with you in charge, and our city, yours and mine, will be -safe

                again."

                     He picked up the dagger by the blade and held it up and

               said, "Notice, it forms a cross."
                                                     ,-
                     Alarmed, I warned, "Excellency, be careful, it is razor

               sharp, it will cut you-."

                    .fle said, "No, the devil's dagger will not cut unless its

                   master wills it so."
             !,-.7.71
           1            We both began to laugh.   I never knew whether or not the old

               man was a serious romantic or merely jesting with me, but I loved
      4-1      him for his attitude and said, "When I leave, the dagger will

               remain in Italy."     And it's there now.
      We went through many traAls together.     One of the most

 important was the counterfeiting of the new issue of Italian

 money.     One night the head waiter at one of the nightclub

 restaurants, on.my payroll, overheard two Yugoslavia cOmmunist

 diplomats, who had been drinking heavily -- that once the

. Italians released their new issue of Italian money (lire), they

 would ruin the economy by flooding the country with virtually

 undetectable counterfeits.    This was not unusual, since I had

 broken up a, ring of counterfeiters making our script.   The Nazis

 had duplicated the British 20 pound note so perfectly that the


British had to retire the entire issue. The favorite of black

marketeers was the British 5 pound sterling gold coin.    The fake

was 24 carat gold, while the original was 22 carats with a

hardener.    It brought such large amounts of paper money that it

paid the counterfeiters to make the 24 carat facsimile, which was

more valuable than the original.
                                                                       Lsej
                      C   M Hem 1ST   AKE—as/ER - N Asa-


     I lesseett'irta went' to the Office of the Chief of Police. I
      Excttatevcr
asked gel-tort, "Is the government printing a new issue of lire?"

He got up and said, "My God, Corso don't say anything further."

He closed all the doors and sat close to me and said, "This is

supposedly the closest held secret in the government."

     I gave him the information I had received.    He shook his

head in anguish and said I must notify the Prime Minister.        We

did, and then returned to his office.    I told him, "Excellency,

we must muster all our forces; since I can reach out farther

Austria, Yugoslavia, etc.   Will you trust me to head the

investigation?"   He answered, "Yes, I am sure the Prime Minister

will approve."

     I asked, "I know you have never joined forces, but I want

General De Pasquale of S.I.M. to help.   May I call him?"    He

said, "Yes, you are in charge." I called the General.      He came

immediately.   I called Moreno, my head of C.I.C., and told him to

bring Leo Pagnotta, our best C.I.C. officer.   I asked General

De Pasquale to assign me one of his Majors, who was known as the

best investigator in the Italian service; and. I asked Chief

Ferrari to give me the head of his "Celere" Lightning Squad. Both

men were sent for immediately.   I had the three best

investigators in Italy, with Leo Pagnotta, whom they respected,
                                                                                                                                                                                                      0
                                                                                                                                                                                                      0


                                                                                                                                                                                                      a

in charge.                      As the conference broke up, the Chief of Police

called his man and said, "If necessary, I authorize torture#."                                                                                                                                        0

never countermanded the order.                                                           Then the amazing story began to

unfold which led back to the United States Treasury Department.
                                                                                                                                                                                            0
                        41               7-#/_5         sr/4- 6 zr               /              ArruirwED                                 TO           .11                        e 9 e/A /970

               lye/          y o              /I, 7 &JAW           to            /sr                    efir/1":" /ceri            evr                1.4, 47.,r               OIIP a-c 7-4.0

     .   7 -ge          C-       A/1 it A                    C//            t        ,          /        neoe-r-e - ptc A Nei                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     6 1--• eve7/9_,
                                                                                                                                                                   •          .
              A-7                    A     p          7 7-*e          4/4                  rpi 0,sr                               r40A?               /I /./ C0- 70 SAP /14/6 0

         inie           AT               "1/7        /,-;      AA'd                                                           w/r.H                            /the'
                                                                                                                                                                                                t'
          5/7                d 14,7/          A,44          54'o        4                        CALL                     enic            Lowth—                               SA/

                                                                                                                                                                                            /          0
                                               _s-                              //6             ea A' ir _I's co                       7,Ali c         d      r 7- e

         C     2             a if"        ; ft':            AiJ1        FD. wnv,                              nye/              rr.re>e                    C 0 Ale"               /A        Ne7PC)

                                         IS      /t -s- /NC . 4,110 ey                                  7r               ./    Cfri.                  .11/S
                                                                                                                                                      /2
                                                                                                                                                                                                    0
          ALL           Lir          / er/tflodLt                                    rr                        IJ        PVT7             CO Al               ,d               e.c/C            /ar o
                                                                                                                                                 of
              ivfl             Air         A4 0 ,1/6 st0                        Ofr- etc                        ,4 .V6 SA /11
                                                                                                                            ,,                    7        I' .,y opt/ 1 //Ai '                      WO

                     ..1,re-                   ov,vo           r ,-L.As• /pc" IS                          wel/G: 4                /'       OCJLL AL-le /4 sr Av                                      8‘0

         7,// / S       62t$7                 of        A    (Fere!) 01. C .                             ,           ,C Pei0                               r&c7,V                        0
                                                                                                                                                                                       S r\
                                              ,e                                                    I                                                                                    lJ
                                                            ASLye:4E0 )                                 res               n/r ) IT               IS eVc                    dir 1 0 2 7— C
                                                                                                                               _
             tr Pre /el' 4A/ cr- •                           rgAm                        •z4'                 A
                                                                                                                         b
                                                                                                                             /.                            et r via /ve.o
         A     /15           7/1/             . I.41/ 711                       ea" /            lr                      mis re A,               x2.6.- 63,^_t/c<c/P/ 444°Q

         CM:                             Fre/ cz                                                    -4:47                weir 14$ s              A P. 71,1'                    r,'      e            7o

              v      //./ /••• on el .4 iv                   s-                 sr He.F:Ao 14> / 4                                 t-      )          Ka"          zr.--         ArR            fr• GC

         r we           ye:6 0                se ,,a fr
                                     Reno filo,
                                                                    o                r s•• X'//O MA 4                                      1..c .C4/           ZIA/                    //9.1 Ct; •        Q
                el(/'   /4     6 :A                    ti/Ar w#ed                                /           A 2.,"                    1, 4"4 /Ts * NC n-' /fagot

     .               CO/ft                 /"5tS               wo("Le apt -acid"                                     /          Ly         W/ 7W s'i." JP,r - ft G7—                                      C

         Con            7- 4e4 jer7F/ T-5 A Ate 7WRe7G                                                       74'41-;             04, 7APY                    III           C           SS            A ba

 •       7 ,,A" asvefiN/ApA/r                                                            s                   c .e.            7 -.4 Z       .-A /1/1           '7- -r.'""" re- / -0,e if/et-Pt
00000000000000
                                        •            t r i tr/      e            I,1, 2 ?-7/ 77/              2,1/feronmAri                              /      A s :en)) 7i/A4 •                          /#C

                                        .        6 0t              /1' f 41 ti.fr• 7'           IV A -C      1 3 te         ,91,4                  wEW                                             0:fr:        4.1 0           2.:"}• ‘?

                                                                                 ria                       e: /Pi                   /4         ,/ g SA /i)                         ,4L CA1SC ? t aL                            A    SL


                                                              5- fl O                 cif sr; ei              c.1     e> sac „r Go? /its' C// A/,'?                                                    c z                C LC CI
                                                     I.• if ,                         0d         e"it 0 /4.; s. m‘r 0 N/S                                         c                             tite'           Ideg /p/LC-

                                                     40'0             A/                 C0       s a        7¼s                s        ;vet , ass z.; 7r-- th                                2

                                                 „titr-7. .0 _5: sr c A'2- 7-                               7141". 6 civil.13                  Ate;ev             , e/ /            7/4.0,0, 7-22LE)

                                       •           Pier                                  or my Aver otYArdA4 i/fr                                Wee,                 6*                   i/flAtO S fleC/0

                                                         4- 1.11//V -The /WI 6 asa,/ rt                                     6'041               //e . /Pa cc v                            43Lc'


  00000000000000000000000000000
                                                    o                     4.1                   A/Ve)                   4 .11.4-Cc i/4- /                    1,•fre                        o                               j/

                                                    /VIC p i p/sr                      /./,/,v/s7r2S                - ester-I CS,                 INF                              7- ra a Ac 27t /t

                                                 1,/ ,ile                             .1: A 7 irell         ,s•-• 2,v       o             A 7./0 N 70 "///71 .4/e- 6 a 7- 7-/.1.6--

                                                 21I,CM JO Cif                         Oist- /101' 6 41/S// CA/ HIS                                  C                      //A'               /Pc.' it'of A /P C                   A;


                                                 7.N./.5 /2 /,fr 7 S., 114)                              PI a       /a/P/                ft// A' / S                                       jCN ci
                                                                                         7- 0
                                             A IA              --IS                        Ne: 4 64,        TWA:-        14/ V.g-E. -V 2- / CA 2- ,fr                      /4/ .     •               z"

                                             Cu/Pt                  rof          t        tit (..) A /13.,"' 43 0 PS,                Ed: /1re o s s- A//di                               CAI /I eir              le• t ",,e

                                                              ,4114 .13 C/                  4o rx            hiA         s      °iv          i -- -Si/ 0 c'A .05/e -5"                         A NO             :4- C6/tr


                                             A 7 id (                                                                                YES          A .4/0               A /4 )             CAtteier / -2•A'N AN.
                                       _           A5          A! w>'7 5 rani                               PIE         yfiA r              Y,,%••• A///;             afte a                cc/its                    /

                                  -r        fr if A Pr sot ?" AP/04                                   ve      /IWO A                       1./I; y            A d.(         c                    S A /Pr.- Ar

                                                                   c a /114 A               ,     -GOD AS 14.7 dr;i/ J•o,                                     Thiertv                     v d 44 C4- e                     61dr '
                                                              131?/G                 o                74/2-.:: asp "ea. A-a ---s•s ow A Z. -7/2aklat-- ot,                                                 Io              ,YO

                                       .. //FA Z. /.2.if"-- /11,41./Z                                                   ft L         ALA CiFO hys                                    vA•-•4E,4., /              4.-
                                                                                                 .) • rertal r
                                                      lif V/ VAIL                    /471/.0 / TA Lr                  nirpea                . /4/ /aunt /7, A 4/0                                           /         4 /1/...0 ;v2
                                            II                                                                                                                                                                            /e
                                                    fr. /17             / 3-5I        Snit        f     6/r                         ..1.04.e 77/A                      /           C /I /I/ CWFtV                               nit

                                       .1         a1.,./if 12'4,                                ci Gees/ 4ASN&?                            A eve sew e cnyt.ez                                             in/                  c
                                                    . cA                                 .40M d OM/                                                . 4 / P/ r,SAi                        /.4, 2-.0         2_ /                       C


                                  j                     ei?    I                rc/                             0 2?                .z# do.          t".1:            fr• " •                    it-
                                                                                                                                                                                 0
                                                                                                                                                                                 0
                                                                                                                                                                                 0
                                          ,.. /.2 r iv e et' e 27                    .7r ev:-    V/ r A 4-         / et/ ,-- o if Al .4 2- ;got/ /         /7 /t.c'N‘c:C
                                                                                                                                                                       i
                                                                                                                                                                       0
              A „: r .- /: et;.3 //zi           114          .0 .eif ./i4 e OW17V)                           70 .ne' // L'I t:::           .7;-;el: CA '-' kr" i
                                                 i,
         .1/it -.7: HS eti             SA /25      7        A 2 S 0                   AA)/ 3 /?OVC              .4 //t7                       12A047               as    .C.-,,,t 0


                                           I t a Pi     eii AK             it acer.01.1--/- • c- :: N .'14/..r./ -.,                                Ar-/e .:4-7/../ 6     , Kn./2 0

         ?LA S              1t     j    /Il e .#%.€1Y        ec Cif id.% J.                 .rer 0           rgeve?                                                       /eret 70

        • ger A              eec TOPet'S,                        / $ ,1                   'ft   5     S /41,         7 -;4-'0       0 ,C ,it;t7.          cl----77-rn-rn-C

.                 6 4- tv7---c           w244.                Ceek vs-                    ro     M/S't                              n      Gorl           ,4

                          ,f7 0 et r A,                              /1./P eh/                       6                                  CO2         .,,,verren.vA                4-
                                                                                                                                                                                  0
•             Aav c 9 s s                   /0/‘        _s-           c          cr.)           ASS a/f/             G7h                  ie.:: / v77:- it-             a/c it

    •            6 -71e       ?tip           GA'S;               /        lv /       2.    /1ter / 3          /a        /          e/P        LC                                 0

                                   g      Cif/        C41 p/c* A.fre                             141/ S V i'121                   2C                           /                 Q
    •    ti)     X 7-       t.1;   y        it E.c E--,v 4-6 A C..1                                  /Wats 7db                                C                         c c      0

              OA/         fl 0 4       VA / 7           r         et A/ ?Ash/ •r:                        wAM7flI              to        7,41
                                            -

. /mg                     A Vd              11Al)           S-                   A         z         S                       Con2412/Pf C/17 /2),/,                      76    AP
                                                                                                                                                                                 0
        /Al          A Pla.F-S. - A.416 7-2/-f- 72Y.2: .A Yin                                        CO /1/I di /.                      ti.ef 1.;                   ?-1        Ito

         I/./                                ,c &2L                  -1/ / 14 0 Air             4A/1.1 Ye)                  e:7 et'      /Lc:-      .9./3 CO / 6/ell .7"4C

         ,4,f" 1;     Cr.M              ;' C X i•V II5                  lYrESTlGr/                                 /4

                                 TE      2- 84 : 5/....e         A CC 2) L AL) B-S                                           24       .7 e; r.V        Ce, HA/ tr.,y


         fl          rithel /VS. 1c0 AV-7 A rig,I        ;VAS ;VD 144 4-6 / 1 /62-4-                                                             !i/) r/f          7H    14/•#.2 10
                                        si at P L'EA)
                GO,                      r,     et, v _TH   ft E   / Cr 6-Li /7                                                   r Ave /2-, S th                            r 0
                                                                                                                                                                            rs-
                             /1 4/6W. c a tql'AN I Oa •                                          A       A                          2- VII.vm;6 2-2442::•2
                                                                                                At
                tY.1 ).     .0 /ill V / ut, 6                         CI"        Ifr A S                        stile          e/                    :r .5; 7hic 4b.4
0

                                             [1


000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                       •                                       IA/             71/c               /il V ES 2" /                        A         /    OA/
                                                                                                                                                                                                              ‘r-; A ,f'             df,       E .A 4 4, CS
                                                                                                                                                                                            cc V an..
                                                                A Sir /                                    /v. 4                  /*.A s 7/ -II •'"'                       1a           5-inmen--7-2-04 4.3                                                 /4' 7            A 440             C1/),

                                                                          .               •          t.'," .4•                      .r                 ACIF                t -        2"-A1 --"'           c / 41 fi .1 t.• y                         ..          ....C.'

                                                      .;        A       idt       7-h i             S F -              Ti/ At                 HAe ?-2 4/0 .2:                                                        ?.                                     414         A':""                /&',S
                                                                                                                                                                                                          irAtatI             iii-fast      E It LE
                                                                0,-•                                 em7 ti"Ay /                               ,       ,         I J.                                li/7 0     /p/                  n's ' -6- /41                           r                  C
                                                                                                                                                                                                           •.)A

                                                                        ,-:•4                   So 4- /I 7'tt.                                7:W.0                        S 0:7                         /Fs"                                                f-                          ./4/
                                                       •
                                                            :           el s          /                   leo 227 7 4ce•                           ; - ,"4       /A              4.4/ r S                               2, re-. : ; .

                                                                772                       /1-1                 1.1-6          P      A. (7. flys                 /1"                 ‘11                                      (1-      ;:                          ,fry ••        rr410.25


                                                            1                 f.rs sr                          c        Apo              Al t', A 7" IT, :A 7 sr" 4). rim?a' a3:7                                                                                     4,           /?..:=•-•    enot
                                                                              44 if /                                                    4: 4-"              •

                                                      •:
                                                                /./               (                   4.,•-•   en A Iksti                  e   lej 4, S r         -A I- s /14/I

                                                                              C        /Lift/                  ic/ 41 A 77 a /VS                             e 4? it:- 40 6/                    c           ,C..• 4. .';


                                                   .; .1                          w./.•             NA.0 A                    HAJO                      21 ti                    77/.4-!e; P                    .

                                                                                  /           /VAC                 SFr             AS/Or                     A     f       /i. 7 / 4, Al                 4•./: if             5_:'                                 y        4( 4•.• S

                                                                    /         Si4 IA fe /4 7 7O                                    7-A               Ad% S a te"e /t1 --C                                  S/4, C,G              %         IV/1.17           A          7 110/4 / 4/            G


                                                   •t
                                                                         r        d           o 6 ,;                   fe                Tic 61;" CYi                       CA.:::                  A /it!          WAN:                       )                  0         7 C                  4'

                                                   ;            72,/t             a 7-                4)           aP                          y       Ai?        so Ai; it: id                                            .4/             0         Con                    c•-,i1 /nit             _17 .7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    CAA             .;y;.          4 it .


                                                  4-4
                                                                ,An               FX7           -     b•Ha 4..t•                     A It 4 0 6 ."1/1                                      4.            • • •'• • /••• F-7           ti.); 64's/tire)                        vi-Ten?.--,

                                                                Vt'Me                 1(              t            c          !           /           27/8; ; t ie is e..‘,/ Apo                                      7,5             •                        (.721,- c.c                     CIC
                                                   t
                                                           it   A a ) wt                            Cl4 /47; .1 sr                       .A.A 6 09 ,7 7 7 -4                           WI /Lc                   iv,/ Id             41.cr-,            Afrf                         A          //42.,•

                                                                ti                    a es"               Ide.S7-./o,v/i/                             01         1 w AS 6 if 7.7- //v                                               . 17° Riff67e-c                                      /

                                                  y: /ti                     ri        I,           7d                 v/-rcowrl.                                fir       /Pt A chi! /..) cvE7,                                                     • 4/          A/At-ter.° rg.

                                                                                      IV, 4 '1                 e            J.Lt              ; c /i3 If                                                                .C". 41.erT:f                                                        dcL'

                                                  •             AhS HY A 0                                     • 5/40                                   'Pic A                             wflSTZF4                              si. i -C 2. 4 fri ?•-f F.6                                     MA

                                                                gyro                   7ple                     Co1vCeg2-4- trz cote,                                                           )    r       R4.-r A Cp'                                   taifr                 ft. :

                                                  ;                                                  ;A s E.b                        itiff            Apt? Mr 2r - A                                         ./rA C PoLL ..5"2.1,#S ..)//,47
                                                  'I
                                                  I !


                                                  • I
                                                                         r                          /sr er ir 3                           64c          7W#                 cell.                    Des,t.                 clPye,r.                        7F5/               .64/ ir          AN'
                                                    !
                                                    I

                                                  I    1        t4/7 - /a2:7                         co p4/7-A                      YS             F4.1 7 I/ e                              V- .S4                   '17 --CrA
                                                       ;

                                                                                              0.1         7.            fc•        4.1    ,?a           V .• Z.' C          / •                                        • '•                                                 .1/4•747
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         a   0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0

                                                     I.'         rem -    PCc             £ 6/ A/P.0 S .                                                                   .•              .1                     A4,0

            A -5-7 4 01/                                               :FY          41 4 :e•04                                                          r        tA         .C7       •             I                  (1/
                                                                                                                  t(
            re.      7/i4'                      -c           .f.r         Afrli           3A//) 1                      /         SA ;1/                     Z5'                 àñAfr5/                                  z0
           f

                                           Cel l,            a      / 1 TES        Dia                Ar               r:/:4 s s.

            fpavc                 7 -0    7„ve- wo.ezio,                                                                                                    So-Cd)).:VF


                                    ei vitiP               Afvel       .0 0 ve     A GA,                                   it%                  //:. ,-;r0                            -yi cce,rj.,frC)


                                                71/4:        LA 4M          77.1      #1/ 1 1.                 4.tr                  Yo/        /ç          r,       ,   r.:                              Elf cc/iQ
                                                                 oft    tn.frs                                                                      d                //O?    c..e7
           r&.1 )         A.,31 0-1:4/ I L- X" t i               77/                                                                 47 - Ar e                       ./4              el w
                                                                                                                                                                                                )
            WA:.           \v /LL
                          rA
                                     A/V.
                                AA/ -Cott,
                                                                 Ypa,                     *frr.i . ";f/t                         ;       go          Al -4 -6                                   /1        'iv -4 4..
            Om

                                /        .cA r        )5A C14                 AtYV         xrARck                                    1 r            /9 '             ,

                                                                                            //             C -41"                cu -7r                                  o c/i 4' es-                       zyLs-
                                                                                     ti                                                                                                                            (1)
            GOA/ k r ,              /71,-       Ai a :7- r              /e.‘               h'JlA r                                       K;                 Lfr          •(..r         7        o         it-A, owto
                             AN A sr° VIA/ti/NC z."                                         C         r        ..‘mar C= A tei                 7af               e


      •           A'%                       6.4E1/               A     fit 2I-54 //c4                      ai ;        tt/..4 /e           i#           !Il LiSS/A•                                        Ca-,        lip


           /me AP.EA, A                      nEn dr.& oe:                                        c         "IN                                  / .54A) 7/                      I                   r.A IK•
          (yIkVb)
            /1'6.6 room                                                  TNE         //0.5. a i r/ A, /A-                                        /., /'4,q                       , A A 7-84 A 0
           ellef                IA/ C of ire, eArfeti H.S d s GA/v                                                                                           A/                 ix/        72/6'.


             f                      ,ft/3tS7,i,tf                   12./4/    r                            fe ass           / A fre 744/Ns-7)                                              ii/ti              A-427

          C A VA:          .1)2          A if    5               /:,./ Ar o                 /        .i/                         /1.1          S./ /I fr                 A.      e:       hr:             WE'fijfr       , C


     • • # 4:      IVA              7 -4 GA                      )1/ .t1 az 4     ,3-1E         /Pi        tit             /IV A 7 - 57)                         4.4 - 4:1            70                .S.dc'e / 4(             C


                                                     m.( 7d.c . /r/i Li Ai/ //vS.27 2-‘ , 7               s'
                                                                                                                                                              /W/CA                   ° A r./C                0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  .r


                          !es            frtfii.47 Nd                         A.NO               v/ e7 20 /rI Tee)                                      7-•          72/5'                it/i/t//           S    reVet

          bit' A Ce          dVd            11/.977              CC                .14<ki/C,e/                    Idef .4at              / 4    0           re,                 Li4.,,n77/ii
                                                             .          sr                                                           ,
          car? el                                                                               th 4 4 2 -fisb..letrA;t1;:.*A61.0.077C.5%
            ‘-..;;;...f
          AS P       * ,!`"47.'''- hiA-Lt • sa /Irk C7.502-1•• rtvAli.'" ;'.4. a EN7 — . i.ieitac, .4... 776i
                                          ':: -..,;,.:*:, a = c    .1...;:-: .if....3:c ,. i it' ,. ;..y:,::t;;;:',
                                                    rs                                                              "..;!.,:-:1 :Cicaci.171
                    $CA;V-1                 Al-r:Sc             •••6'44;v:. . /...k. 07:0I.?'tS .71:0;st.?Ai; ti ee.417.•4rta:
                               :lic..,r! . r ' F.              .-..::.;.:!6:-..,.,41!: ...i,e.":1,....,:97-:.- : : ".".....--.1;) %.:1-:•nattt,74,
                           z/ 1          0-1,11: 1E.eivesf?-tivc•,_e,yeet,4*. %77"Ql..f. <14tc1 .??_g4 e .t . '

11
                                                                                                                                                      r,
                                                                                                                                                      A


                      P.:               a:0                vc         /Ai      4 1 c..) sevl g ,

                                                                                           W6-.VT 70 7 il.f"                                                                  ".;•;10      '       COL
0                     .1
                 GAHhilin)
                                             4' /                              iv 41

0                                                                 .                  ill in/ 7,-le 1.2 /                     s
0                7//if        077/11 An/son                                                   14, As                7° 2. .0        /Jr         14- AS A.
0                                                     45.e 6/ et,-fr /4/ G                               t41/(,                  il E A/A         "7               AZ!l          yeie               Cr
                                   y"       s
0
0                //It: Awe: m Hi/SS/lc                                                 IS'?              Gs,          2-1 CLAN                                     C                    / fr          A7_.5

0       p.       /Fe: Lit           /4/ 7/Ar                            b.& n"               /27 1" iti a.                              71:.;         CT.Y/AXia                          774
0       .,              k A                     ,A1          a yA.e._ • 10i c az/.7 )                                W67./              ek"..,.#/e)       7,1/1         S4.4 7                      jl
0                                                                                                                            74#1-
0                                                       el cisra                              1//2,                t., .r of" C/74. 1/41.,             4.40St.A///;'.tei

0            ./Mai                      C                    AcAne                                 /vs-              43 it. 4 - tr • 7//6         0/4                                              j./ e

                 c          I le        Je/ A r.        541 0 41 67-712— /eV.                       / ...r7oco                     0..4" 2,r              a                                    4,1 ..t-    cf.

             71'z' 7"-4                     Z               7,-,v,r                    el"                5MAck" kr-(/ riv                      Fe-                       /     /12 )-42.2 rd
0
                 ,Seis        /PE eple4                                 wig-5 --r/C                                      /              ;/.. 70                /       cc          ,s'Ll           . Ac..vap.
             1,4,             /     A/-I?              I     WAS /of 4".: D                                zit, 14- ,v 04/                            /./.6" _s-,4               1.
0
     ..               /714-- A,11: le," CAA/ (A,/ 7 /4/ 7-#0. s . / 44-_r                                                                   /)z.rv/L.                    cot/Noe/ST

0                            ,froS          We A 4-4,                  /VC CA              YC                  /     7://e.riV                    P           /04/ Fir& ow Ir
             z../-1 7 -            He;                     ek• ry           . ..Yag zivC                       on 4 /                     722'en./                                               /////,

             /        2A/ 3.-2E -11                        770 ..5"/C                    A iv            6 , 4 2_.irc 27,                 _/7,15 - W4AS _s7A4c,/- 2-647
                                                             1e
             14, WeeV /                  SA/                             7'46 0 790 co6A                                          cni cty/..4 iv               64-1 cty;                           cee,p,s

    ;        P1' AP 4 .2. .6-1/ ( .1 WILL                                        ceii         ?one .27./A) A                              .8 4 4, 70 r,4                         jr,,,..y'S

                                        121t4eo                       271-2!       SY72arr.rO                         T/'          fl      fr.) 5- deli,               "As              / 2.4c.5---

    .. re/ 4,1/ . h                         A shi s-W /c430 /1 /FA l?,                                         til1      ST11 a r                     S 2.0//6 •SL.1-1 mdf.

    . . 5jA OakAS                                     .,/,`/ 6 ?"1" iv/ iv                         )J5 rKCL4/                            6t                    I'.- kit               /(A.
                                                           PGhi:fp
        i. /            LA CFI)                  77jE1.111117-7e 11/S C/A,//,/, 17 114771,v A                                                     7.41/                       OF de 1O&

                      5„4/0 se              46A             wt.                        e            u.--/2 4 de- ei sr.4z /cps                                         et, 41.S

     ,            /     E          "ed./ Sr r.-€ et. V.;                          )ftravn 411,1 P                    / .cjL         /1,-1,L ,

                      /11- 57Avg ,                          yv FA/ eve 'le q.105 7sa, , ycop                                                    7- A--,/ fi t,
    ..

    .            /it        .4.5x yap/p                                pet-74 3 7}                 jr.                                   sS
                                                                                    a
       • ME M 4ER. le AAR nr              A14- con mud/ s r   nsigA-L. • A Gars,    9,
          54 A .0     .1:Ai eil FP -nilPA a   nrY   sy A AdiSS.                     1(/45

             The Russians were Cinancing the Communist Party through
                                                                                    C)
      gold, brought in diplomatic pouches.          I hit upon a scheme to         ()
      ferret out their fiscal agents.          I called the Chief of C.I.C. in ()
                                                                       ()
      Vienna, (an old friend), and asked him to send me all the Russian E.-‘

'7n   rubles he could get his hands on.

      courier delivered 50,000'rubles.
                                                 In a few days, a C.I.C.

                                                I called my loyal black
                                                                                    C)
                                                                                    C)
      markpteers and told them to spread the word that Russian rubles               C)
                                                                                     C)
      would be for sale.        I let them set the price and gave them the
                                                                             C)
      rubles.       I laid down one condition.-- make the price ridiculously C)
17;
      low.    The lights in the Russian Embassy must have burned late                C)

                            The day of the sale there was frantic scurrying         0
      into the night.
                                                                                    0
      .to buy the rubles.       I was able to identify everyone of their
                                                                                    0
gri   fiscal contacts and reconstruct their financial nets.            I made no

      arrests, since I got what I wanted and had to make it appear as a C)
                                                                                      0
      straight black market operation. The Russians investigated and
                                                                                      C)
      asked questions for months, but they always hit a dead end.                     0
                                                                               .....
            The information was useful to me, but I turned it over to                 0
                                      re, ASS') sr iN IIIIS CASS'                     0
       the Chief of Police of Italy-rafasfi.
                                           - sI mo....4.4a.s...66__mi.e.y_saiezipt b.
             (I am sure if Harry Dexter White's United States Treasury
                                                                                     CD
       Department ever found out/pulled such an operation, I would have

       been court martialed.)
0000000000
                                                                  DAY :fi •a V 4                          44 vv.,/ 1).                      pfio            Ae                     .1"./ e                                Adis/. 4 '

                                                   77                  A        A 6 haw 7 -S                             7 /12 1 ak'S                                                     1I//7.               ,z             ThiS•

                                    FP'?                                                     z       p            //./     fifyrszt              --Afr•e•    WAS 4,4/ :7' A ..". .• /.../                            ;              ..t•-• / 1/.

                                                        i71•: 0            /144                            Avt/vogizsy)                            et        C/70.671- fr . it ff /VA 41/                     20         41.5-1 7

                                                                   i t" Pit'r                      4-"A- C                 An'i.".         .1/ 1c- WAS Aie- 4.0 OP 72/i 7                                           rf-A •a G* 4.7

                                                        /                          6                 /10 ra - 41.1, :WA- A                 Cele:Pk)           Awe,          wits . A"? r                A     6' zr,t/

                                                   /VAN,                   a r/r            /IA kI SH        A mq .11,4ge AS .WAILS.


000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                                 • •       IA/ ws-//           /     ,A/f/P/ (12:1)                  At       JV 11/P 0 :3-•         .25;             Q                                               sAA

                                                   Ida - 1/45- 1,/                 i t .8                  A .2           A          ,'y - .rj              WC/PS ET-              01('                                   /

                                                   I"              fl At            .€14;..6-4/              0         0 11 Ll•••           6.1/ 4      A     .1/ 7 7"G Lr,                ,/,•••                   ; di .•

                                                   ,FiL/7-7.4 d /                            CA 1.2 2.re                                    FCC).             ricis             trAst ,         //A /3              // ;Coe ./ v,
                                                                            ,c-en rN    t24 ra: s
                                                                       .,‘, et,IA A if/z1 7N& AiAtft                                               /co"       72/1-         ,-90.'.' 61                                    r ey

                                                   7 Ivo                     Lys 7 /                 e"7-              / j ai/            Ai A "--",/ Ca             / e/ / 3     °            E- 17                           74 .0 %

                                                   ;fit,/                                   7 -/ie        £43,            .5 n 01,11 S S                    70       A          e/„ S                   v AL.        2-treific,4

                                                   s.c,vIga4.5                                           4W            ArrAC.PS                      P,it'Utt           Yoe././e          .e/. S.'. 7:lai r /Is: 4//e

                                            ..          4:    „P4,rtgir,,,,,                                                     frizzi       A /1/6 ,/jA / cr/F                              b.:•-•        7v4,vaC

                                            .. .        Vt .,7                          .                        /1-       i frc / A .v 7S                  c'/,Cr,             Si/z- 7.      7o0tr                                          s

                                                        iv SASS                     y.               /e    A .6'd          dip o            c-       W./ 7-1/        Zile"                     ee            crro

                                                        ...f•ir -5- 7               ,
                                                                                  12.1.6.; 11. srz      / A 0 .0-,      54'Y   7.1/ /FA /-•
                                                                              k6V0
                                                            vi; fe          10 A 1160' b          ie A r7 fril .-1: /4/   74, 60 St A vi                                                            ,        22/2"-•                C'S

                                                   t,t, AS                 ; -,vA r                                       /./         ta          v,s,r          Né4              MflA                  7     edir             /et


                                                                                                                                                                                                sr
                                                                                                                                 .     ev(V       / _ rn         4          wo,i ° o,               co,nr                      7-/V


                                            h fi t                     / evegicl raa.                              ),v           _se 77 /-v AIY CA                                    ,g -.O                ,57°E4            to          72.
                                                                                                                                                             tri
                                                            St          re.. I. 2: 0 -4g , eLIP/P 02
                                                                       9 / 4 [ 94 sS                                           Ame err .77/1                 / //V .r6/144) ro
                                     11,1
                                              . A/A-Pr-Lt.-A/A ,vr 4444 Nis WI1E Ai to- cA AA C/ .7 A-5 Ch1/ 6 7=
                                            • . 0 1c"' • Coil Z.) (.71ezyfy,ce A-4             sr. 8 .4 ry °A/ z:// V„,          C, Y4'1


                                                /11           Co." -/y7e,yee-e I. It?.4 L              At?C   A --      ,7;•/."  17 4 -4.7 -7--
_LI                                                                                                                                                    7


                                                                                                                                                                                tc8
                                                                                                                                                                                  0


            1•rA rf          Y I,         c' pI,gr                        7H7.             iv-,                                                                     A
                                                               if
              r A       ,           ,V4     SA /o,                  G" 0 0 .                                                    n ity k,.• 4.- 4)

                / /1'        /              za             7/21                           r.4 y A 7-7--A                                               :cc.? 2:;
            ;7j;r           S7R14Y "46                                                                                70 Aff*X-_.es 7- ..e.7 an/ -7C

            A 7- 7'/I C                    .4     e/fri-                 At                  r       A. 41 _r-il Le)                   JANs                -z, /lte               0

             Con S            v     fr e        A#O,V/S                      iv/ dr-The ././-                               ,ZAc                       11:=77               e -cro

             0,v       eve z).t-e_S-        otr                                                        rit    rAtr.    2713,            S.- 41/ 2.                       C4.4    40


            /4s kfriiafr" ivAr-s- „des tv,e- re A 7-                                                      /zt          AfrZ            /v.s-                        Ad-'          0

            /MN             /.//4 7.61- est, lf A 7 ./ OA/.
                                           it
                                  ...r / / 2) A Al dV„ rAs.F.,?                                              r od,c• GOt7k,V
            icirs   ornit A agivr_s                                                                     mix/7- 2//,/                                 /yr i/Aa
            i-pve, CoHitACS,                                                                        WEN                70 7net                                      es-- a

            72-12.-r- toy             nn/               r,               Ay        Accirip            e 7 whto AA 7                                   .e cc A Ai es,
            e/: S . CO fr./           S S/                               at -                       4. A 7-7 a 4/,                    ..2..Arc-ve,              1       tv-A s

                 z            7141.217-                      pr W#176                        ///*     ar/F //6- 4/4"--0 )                        r/ie        f../.-1/7e/

                                    c2          es                  cr           to         iDE           //t/ riveAi,
             14, A s         Co,vrittfic                        7/44r                     Me       ,4/A vAL                jr          A ' fr°         " its-
            k-zrfe.o- Co frifit                                     7 -se,         /                           /1-#                                  7;v4e- fere,                 0
            62 a            6.• ,f9 7V4C               A•     ,sc-•                   /     k--'L            /0                                       6.,es

      I •                                       v.C-        ,A            cd.iV-0                 Oh' /       fe..F C&//re                           A CA 4:4 /c7ficze

       ;. A           C 02 , 6 0/./ 0 /10                     a•.‘"                                                             h'e" SA .40 ies                             /
                                                                         ..1
            .JUS                    cCe,vs4                         A        CA 42-               /c? 71                        err 7--zr               nnzp. rie a eo
       ,

            A S 4çv7.$              WA VC uk./s r                        c       tsse -k7            2246.- So 4 cc,                             / we; A "pb.,-- A 7- 0

a                                                /9KA .6                     A fences                   7:Air               //,1, Er                    / 5/er*S'40;e
       j                        roplyy
                        Kew ,e1,440X VA I a A .e?                                         //"..c-Cie                              ,      /     -Stel .40f,          60%'O
      ;I
m
            CALL SAC/(                          A NO 7:ELL                   Zile Xe,QA4rrgS                                                   0061 arti /1.4,0 dr/ft

            TPA              r/Aer Y        4,34C P                       if ,            rdir      /-Vt' o           49              ex,                77C•s"                   C
      it'
      ! , COHN                   At 0Ice An'                k/iji         ee, C.                                                             ,.t •                         ty/IC
OC.M 00000000 00000000000000000000000000000000
                                                                   e         79              r       hv A i ds:-dr Pt, Nev, A'                      .)/A V"                     n/ -        r                      .c;
                                                 tt i
                                                               /       tfr     //7-                       1,1//            Affr e         co 4 /10th /A               Ili;          -C/I/z)      V"):".-)

                                                               tflbsc                    714/0        A               N7       )*i        Afear ,C; a/ 4, G 7-0 /IS-                 "--;       / 5/4/z3.•

                                                               60N0                you WILL os _c-                                                a . wif4.-,v Ye>             A's.' 7          7.-ItrA-7, AZS

                                                                       WI] 1             E                CK 7-0 fit chir.                 zde .AA)                          N/VS MgLA
                                                                                                 ó7               I     wILL         67/Ls       nizi    A         Addy ,f/ 23c AA Af                       CALL

                                                              An             A      NA 4/ iv.,                AV 11          rA L s        7 90      vOICE wit L                                         , A Lice a

                                                               111,1 45                  /4///./Ce                    AA/V      /r/ 4/ 6     ,V/,'I TO A/be 7                    7,-vt.1" 44.A-,fror:
                                                                   dill- 2- 1/ te /./                 /     PLEW 7-0'7 -A/ tS7h:                               /    feta r              7,4-'0 A 6 a"-",e/7--f

                                                                       7 //k 7 I/            ivei El), NE A                   IDA c ICA             tw, c eir" cci-vrAt,ve.c .0b2.2;;ACC fic

                                                                             7-5         r       7-/s/r AA Pe,"                0,v {4,en                 77-jyr /Li 6,,v' y K, ALS 70 .616:
                                                              1).Aa/i x                               IvAs A a 71/e-,v1C                    to    71/€ wA r .G,de itiAR/c,                           Y wfeixr

                                                            1 7.A Al:g A/          r/e or' 7,0/r „Y                        ("SLAV            4/ T       rqe y 7ca //dr 7/./.4 r
                                                        ..                   R-5 it A                 Co 4r                           w0 -s- c.a iV. ,rA GA /, o                                 STA Id i t/s.

                                                                       Aary              /1, 0            GRACii 7-we cit&Eits, 1-0. Hosi                                       A/./ADer
                                                                                                                                                                                       A                 PT/ TO s

                                                              P        /4 e)       7:/       W/?° I/ AD -re                          rile    . : ex/ 7/ A tr- Air               e           Jet/ /1407-/a4',

                                                              .04 11.e, 70 7/71.1 7-//-1/1/0                                  arc A        Cor-hte       //          41/     v0I-r, /A/ / TAL);

                                                               Allin                             YpagstAv ,,,vcenes/o,vs AG'i,.c'Sr 77?IFc7t
                                                                             wg           jet         aR i/C0                7 0 leanE,              cod_            2 /FEev A        WIJ            r      7/14-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                --


                                                        i[ A I (?,e1an                   wy771 rdt                      °row         .4/ event/ CE            ofi rhea 11)0 6 0 SI-AC,                   /?4,62 4"-

                                                        j     fAniii•                        771e A 4/ ef, Cr                    XI ite'r4          7,-le Al 04/ 25ra7A1 CMEr elr'S

                                                                                         4, 77e am/ c54 7,96- TWO                                   o ewn- WHO //AL /?Js
                                                                                 ow ms r             45,1 co ee s              ewe WAS 774-1- C
                                                                                                                                              -o                           f ie Al/A, /.S.74air

                                                              /MT et/ 04                              Yt/ 6' 0 54 AV./A                           tile        al e
                                                                                                                                                                914              S          .e,".9

                                                                        4A                       /   TOOK ritint                     to      'lEer            /744----- nine                             sree-te

                                                        I! op ir               A    y Afro                 7-1y1#          Chi/r, - Or faaticS,                      7Nte       7,7t A Xnr-tre            271ern
                                                        I:
                                                             r ciR if IS /r.11V
                                                                                                          fggJ/              ljvjs         Faye JTAI                 Al,v0 A SS unicti
                                                          ;
                                                 g-     ; 7,,,A 7- 72117 Vi 4'    kv4'zzeofri..5 ig                                                     ieaniC                WILL (ovata) 1..A                 e•
                                                        t r Pat'.       (A,cr 7-0 w o     r ;74' ,iF.
 11                         pitY               six             -       wE        W                      i12.1.            (j//7 - a.t/                                         ;)    7- ;   0

                     / C •-•        •           A                      THA           ;4-7: et/                                                       .4-- ; 7..-4               A ,e./      0

                                                                                                                                                                                         0
                   fr OA, :     .?         act                 ir _CT ifi,o7                         /1 4' 1K         /1/          4.5    / -.'&/0/2;y6                    /        P52/0

                   A        CO/'               70 CL If./ 4 AS // I: a                           Cop?            er Zei V er A V.                     .11

                                                          A IT         A      7- 4, /I AI     t,yr       tie, .1/ vvre::. 0 7-4/5                   c & ic1/ p _.c             70         c/.0

                     , /[7., A !I it                                                                                                                                                        0
      -                                          /WI/ L. / ii A .:::it .., / ,,!. 4 .i                C4/./..fir li t 4/.. /N.           At-L1 bi           44f/j)e-wyd

                   14, A Sa Stay                 / IR PH a YE 0              To ///..r: at./ ..a7/.)  i 7 - Cot A/ e) 4'4 fr .4 A 1/0 hr . 00
                                                                            ..
                   / ...' • // <7 T 7 A                  0 A-- .7i /12 57 I/, r . ciel   Anth:.-- Ars C7- Af din e/
                                                                                                                 c6,LA6.4),A•291- 4 It
                                                                                                                                    :3' S.F.tr a". 0
                                                                                                                    A
                        •    it)(          Pic It a
                                           7:1/ 6 ff ..E /' a 4 -r ) 7-NEi"  Ate a sg,    /IF      kv.4- /ki r ,--- a et .1;31
                                          Got. ram-AIwo             .                      t.                             0
          !        0g       AA S 9 PAL or AA.3/4 0 toi ettil Oi GOAA  F 49 /1/1/40 SA7.0i   .7.- VA 4.-1 .1421.1 JiA L / /0

                  SuLO/fls                      of = JrAf.re                    ,iltXr - To             Sawa A446, zba )                    //e - s/i/e9,

                   A/AS Star                             as        TH,..,:- //P dEs7;                WHA r                'sr- - cif ,v                                                     (c)
                                                                        if
                   pill /A-              C 7-            N         0         TO a     /EI/?I?HJ                  0    A d 0 lAr 7Ni                  CA 4L afi                      007

                    Y V with- de                             4.(- 14, A4d b- 0          i-47--E43;             Tided        / ye    7p/r4/45o                to           /;,•ri     '1700

                   MY 64; 4/. / A itt r                            6AE,               cfl;He               rni              _reh!,        2 b. er      erroye         ;vett"
Tif           :     tv6,40 mg vs- er( ,v c NA os                                                     J;:a W C.4 A/ /             4/_,v          vg/e-- "..r.c/eA .?" A99

                             THEY                    _En a 1 /2/4C -
                                                                  6.0                   /It      71 CV/?LK Adz;                    Hy                       ,..4/ 2:-1-


              -     CV/ C               frri
                                                     •
                               Wfr               TALE ‘ 4,/            ,r, Ls          n       w./V      7-0     7- fir     fi     im          /4 1 lafIEC
                                                                                                                                              i3

               ne-nd'A              TH..e"                    e° a 4 r         711S-
                                                                                   1/ 5/ Gu.,c0                  75 A / 6/ 0/0 0 1.47 A' c-3           04'4         /fie Co/wet

                   to       dOt SiA'Or                       22/e       mac' is" /SS V -e-,              7/E. 7/i/MilirD                 uS         i/1/' Tezfit                     To      0
                                                                                                  //,                If
                  NZ :       S/VP      you ALL/Pk-A.9Y cerany               c/eoci:    6     4 frA (Y, Aff c/eg
                                                                  I(                      .-                  C
          :.      ny         5.0,:ait -g5 Afia /cal-/cb - .1.47-    Aft— is  an - oic alafr / 81-1. /I Pr a
                                                              • /
          i
          i•                                                                                                                                                                              77.0
          1: ws•//z-r sLi e r                            ge/P- 4-            TO vs          in       C/A Z., .0 0// V G       / TA I. Y ..S- iNaST 747:-/vo
          i                                                                                               i
                                                                                                                                                 /./
          1       ivaat:5                c/s/./A/or Exf4ESS                                   ef Y /ea- EL./A/a              7414,A /N/ /az%                                                 0
          .!
          i                  WI- At e-                       we:* r          Cti     71/6        CZ t/4 -1- '7. th.//scRe- .7:///S /1.z d.: 6.4- 6/w,                                 /
                                                                                                                                                                                             0
                                                                                                                                 C
                  /pi iv/I46(0                  7//e - Ii -A4 p./Arree, 1 dovCi/7 - 4/441/ 4- 7e tlivO /a //..:t -C, 47,,Iik .5-sc

          .1                                                                                          vt-ti:Ir ., . /      en SS ea            oz):7- ew )14)-. era/ c
          ! • DA4vA).,7 ci ) ) A/x.4 iti '7-                                 cis/arm-IL/
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                PA X I L "f.                /r     /-1 1.1k )1/                    .10/1/?71r       74O4Y            ,4'7     G(247,

                                                                       71,/r             A I' 7 4.!...                6.(/ 4   r ti,-
                                              /'e20       •C";       /7 -   P/' AS               EA/ DA5H:5, 4). j                                 ./91     ,'rfrz        2          c ew,c; 70

                                              Ste     0 - / s laci4              2,1./          A WAY                         AA/S W Cc                   A/e, SWF ,            K -;L1   oe     n16   ...rr


                                                I   WA,    1.. NE :     Led          CA/2: .6                44/0         SA /0     Co   e - ter 7o                  Le .5 /3 -1440           Caw'

                                               .1
                                                nu 1)10 A- )0.1'1-) 0/                             A         ,...! 4).6   45'4; S   L_Ok/Lc 11/ AA/ TS               74       7:42./r 70
                                                                                                                                                                       0
                                                           040        I al? 0        CA Mt                   04,     I7 1 r    -12/ 9/1'S      An          S-4/0           f/-1,..5- • ,I ad    A4//z/
                                                                                                         -                                                      /                          -1
                                              ./ iclig-. 1//;/e       H.4.4         AMY 40 1.46 7;

                                                                 /          ir tt / 7- ZIA CI(                     70      ire,'         ti   re                                         4:!2-4- s
                                                                                                                                                                                                ,Er   lc:
              later years, I passed to the United States Senate

    Internal Security Subcommittee, United States 20 dollar gold
    !pieces which the United States Mint confirmed were made in Russia                      0
                                                                                            0
    from Russian gold and were used to pay communist agents ih the

    Middle east.         They would make it appear that the agent
                                                                                            00
    provocateurs .were paid by the Americans, since the coins read                           00
    United States of America)


           Not one time did I call upon the Italian Police that they

      didn't reSpond with enthusiasm and vigor.                The Chief of Police of
              Alva   7
      Italy wee a portly—g-s              cataimet.-S-aittEuSgs-14*--ante-...acfsmater
      Supileme, Cout      th44g.e.—wmth      clee644444:am24.4.1..„—ALiEllmg4mm

      disemisivor.t=Nt became close friends in a common cause to restore
      law and order in a beleaguered city.              I needed him, and he needed
                                                                        iY•10
      me. Often I ettegw#eaaa-d that this wise and strong man adopted me.

      He often looked at me with a look of pride in his eyes.                     The day
      I left Italy, he and his entire staff toasted me; and the Prime

      Minister, the Chief of Police .of Italy, the Chief of Police of
i

      Rothe end their top staff people. came down to my car, parked in.

      the. Ministry grounds, with armed police at attention, to pay
                                                     MKAL*0
      their respects to achate my wifeKEach,.in turn, shook my hand

     and said, "Come back some day to the country which owes you so

     much."    This was one of the proudest days of my life.
  CD
  CD
  CD
        r‘=
  C)
  C)
  CD
 CD
 CD           .MYSTERI.OFMOILEY
 CD
 CD                Soon after I completed the investigation on the Communist
 CD
              counterfeiting of the new issue of Italian money, whdich.-was,never
 C)
 CD           placed - in circulation -end Had- to- be' destroyed, I was paid a visit
 CD           by the Italian Minister of Finance.        He was a distinguished,
 CD           scholarly gentleman in his 70's.      He was a former Professor of
CD
              Economics and known for his brilliance in monetary matters.           He
CD
CD
CD
       ii     had been appointed to bring Italy out of her post-war fiscal

              chaos.
CD                 When I received a call from my reception desk that he had
CD
CD            come to visit me, I, personally, went down to escort him to mV

C)            .office.   Although I was the top security officer in the Rome
CD
       ELI    area, I made it a policy to call on high-ranking officials in

              their offices.      For instance, they were the Chief of Police of

              Italy, the Chief of Italian Intelligence, etc., who were men in


       7:1    their late 50's or 60's.      I mas 28.    In deference to their age,

              if nothing else, I felt I should cell on them rather than have

              them come to me.     I later discovered that this was deeply

              appreciated, since it enhanced their position and prestige with

              their staffs and others because of the position that I held.

                   When the Minister of Finance called on me, I realized that

              this must be a personal visit'rather than an official one.        When

              we settled in my office, .he began:       "I wish to thank you for what

              you did for my country and for me personally."        He continued.

              "The new issue of lire was my idea and, but for you, could have

              ended in disaster."
            I responded, "I cannot see how, under the circumstances, it
       could have reflected on you; but I can understand your feelings.

       With Fascist and German printing of the lire, even I understand
       that the present paper money in circulation must be recalled.

       Although your time table has been disrupted, you have to print a

       new issue.   I was most fortunate to obtain the information which

       led to the investigation...

          • Then I concluded, "But, Senor Minister, who am I to tell you

       about finances?   You could teach .me much that I don't know

       concerning money.    I would be host appreciative if, from time to

       time, I could come to you and learn. I will not impose too much

       on your time, but could you take a.novice. pupil under your wing?"()

            His answer was typical, "I owe you much more than that; but .0

       I would be most proud, to teach you the intricacies of money."       C)
            And so, I was most fortunate to learn a new subject, on         0
                                                                            C)
       which I knew little or nothing, from one of the world's premier

       scholars on the subject and which, in the future, stood in good      C)
       stance to understand world events and why they happened.

           (Because of what he taught me, years later I was able to warns

       two friends, months ahead of time, on €he fiasco which was about 3

       to happen and was given the label "Watergate)" he told me.


1   We concluded the session.

         At our next session, I began as follows: "Senor Minister,

    not too long ago I had a meeting with Giussepi saragat, the

    right-wing socialist.   He describes, almost identically that
sc,


             "Du Beers controls the price of diamonds by
                                                         controlling
        the supply on the world market. This is a relatively
                                                             small
        operation in comparison to the money and gold markets.
                                                               The
        diamond    price control is widely accepted, since it is a luxury

        and not a necessity.


11          Have you ever wondered who sets the price, or how

        of gold or money is arrived at on a daily basis.
                                                              the value

                                                             Remember these
        are not arbitrary figures, or come out of thin air.     They are
        set daily by individuals as real as you and I.     This practice
       is widely accepted as a necessity.
rs
            "Imagine what you could become if you knew the price of

       gold tomorrow, or the price of the dollar, franc, lira, mark,

 TI    etc. 24 hours from now. Those that practice this power are,

       in effect governing in an international scale.      They control

       the value of money in your pocket.    They institute controls

       which can stop the growth of an institute controls which can

       stop the growth of an enterprise or make it grow.

            I stopped him here and said, "Free enterprise and individual

       initative are dependent in the function of this system."      He

       said, "Yes, with certain qualifications.    The answer to your

       question.    By raising or lowering interest rates and loosing

       or tightening money supply.    Can effect their success or demise.

                                                            told me.
            I had to have time to think and analyze what he

      .We concluded the session.
                                                        "Senor Minister,
            At our next session, I began as follows:
                                  meeting with Giussepi Saragat, the
       not too long ago I had a
                                                       identically that
       right-wing socialist.    He describes, almost
                                           1.


a Socialist Government operates in the same manner as the 1

International Bankers.

     The minister answered, "You are learning".    A socialist

government can make an enterprise prosper or retard it.        A bank

can make a business grow or stop its credit and it will flounder.

    I cane back with, "What about the    USSR.   He respond, "They

have no problem with the USSR.   All international Soviet trade

is handled in large banks in Stockholm and New York. The Soviets

play by the rules.   Even when they sell gold, they are very

careful to fit into the London-Zurich game plan."

    He continued, "The would monetary system, 30 years ago,

was implanted in the Unites States.   It is called the Federal

Reserve System.   In the future, if you pay attention you will

see its effects on the wogld, tight money, high interest rates,

set as a powerful group desires up or down.     They are not

answerable to the public and their every action is secret.

     I learned much, much more from the old minister, but if

put in print, it will sound so fantastic that the facts tend

to lose their credibility.   However, I did learn enough and

was able to apply certain factors to select events which greatly

enhanced my "Evaluation" process and broadened the scope of

my intelligence findings, without mentioning money which is

mostly misunderstood or misapplied.
               ...013ITUARIES.,.d
         •
             ..G.:Saragat .'••
            :. ,....i,italiclii ..I .;,,
            president
            •  , Atii,....!iv  1, ,1.'
        .. ihaks,;(:61..tAii."
            ,•§hott:th•ir. , ,, •         Pormer President.
                     pluseppe Saragat, Italy's first so-
            •            falist president and a strong sup- •
     ,             ; Porter of workers' tights, died Fats'
           .            Irday of complications from heart
                     rsease, an official said. He was 89.
                     1. 4 Mr. Satagat, a founder of the
                 : Modal DernoctetParty, died at his
                 " Motweld Millie, said A party official
           •.; who 'Poke op Mthdition of anonym-
      •           - ay. The further plesidebt had sof:
      :              Yexed front "nrWeastular prob.;
            •
                     Sams fiat yeitazi&,-,1 ••: • . .
                  ' :'! Mr::,garagat &dune the 'fifth
               .                   Of fini Mien Republic in
           • g ear Tit           ter be left office In 1971, he
                   • dewed as president of his party.
                      •• In 1922, at Age 21, hir, Saragat •
               , • oimid the Sedalia Party but left
                 .. ly aftevPascht dictator Benito,
              . itotsollni dime tor puler the lame
           •
           I • ' Mr. Saragat fled to Austri.i awl
           .. Then In 1928 to • Saint-Gaudens,
                    prance. He returned to Italy after
           : •• Cie Hanel' armistice with the Alfiee.
                    6 1913 And was irkisbsd for Antic
                    Fascist activity. .,•1..                   ..
                          He escaped, wet recaptured And.
      t .• escaped • second I time together,
      '             kdth Sandro Petritd, Who also filtdi •
      • i . „became president.' •                    e •I ,; • •
       •                  In 1918, Mr. Saragit became
                              ent of tbei:Conatitient Asa •
           •            embly that framed Italy% reptibfir
                    ban postwar honstitetion., • :' .. '
     I ,                  He broke witli the SoCialliti lit:
          i Eil7 and helped found the Socialist
          I.             arty of Itailainforkeii, 'which
                          ter became the Serial Democrat i
                    party, As secretarjaf the new par- -
                        y, ,      Sauget, built It Into a'
     , 1 • . patiecily pro-Western; so.4 t aill. .
      .... • pormintout leftist foree....y....:, t.s:
          :. • ' He wis later 'leiter) Iti PiillaL
          • . meat/oar Wits ill 130elal Demo.'
                           t and champlesii&Vatiletrte;
                                In housinenidicarhilt.
                          Dation and taxation.                .
                          "The republic loses In Giuseppe
          i . aragata centralfignte In the fight
          :, 11galmt leftism and Stalinism,"
         .1. laid Platter Craw be Mite, •
              .            der of the Minim Delnotratt i
          . '..1 Mr. Seaga! Wal born Sept. It.
         " • 898, In the northejl Intistilal City -
                        f Turtle:He obtalied A univeisity.;
                    &gee lin economics ,and corn-
     .              *teem f,WhIle. te bank: CM* be
                 „lizota Ifi a newinper.and turned
                    lot PoOliell
                              ..      bd. .:14.,fa iaf ;sal, b.
L.                  0
- wing Socialist.                    He described, almost identically, that a

Socialist Government operated' in the same manner as Wigassel the
/NriANArtogne- ,f1A AmiiiS                                        .    0
Masei    cherftgalle •                      haak-es-.---Airam-aiwtr—rh
                                                                       0
_mourn, etRaibb            7/Mrst         .Lu—sa_c-f-
                                                    fli-strag:

The Minister answered                      "You are learnir " A 519CIAL/ST                               covERAnIC

    A         .47UPPAP    cW,41,1ti , ,Uilrf04:0 A0.4A#K C.44/ Ard-skee 4,s10
           came back with, "what about the um?" He responded,
                                                                                                                         0
"They have no problem with the USSR.                                  All international Soviet
                                                                                                                         0
trade is handled in large banks in Stockholm and New York.                                                      The      0
Soviets play by the rules.                           Even when they sell gold, they are.                                 0
                                                                                                                         0
very careful to fit into the London-Zurich game plan."
                                                                   0
        He continued, "The world monetary System, 30 years ago, was()

implanted in the United States.                                It is called the Federal Reserve°

System.                                            and                                otkar.                             C)
                -H               t12_-P4J-aflhid         %}2                                          In the
                                                                      •0
future, if you. pay attention you will see its effect es4he
                                     oN                                0
parriiiperera—p-eaTixrs)=Uurzeyssiesssf- the world, tight money, high  C)
                             fi e
                               ovev t
interest rates, Set as a group efse4iN1flmmo, desires- up or down. 0
                                                                       0
They are not answerable to the public and their every action is

secret.// —
                                                                                                                       .()
                             inie29
        / 4 E A 04/E.ii "me,- cyagE ,/-40,4 rAlt et..4 A/040'.5 Ti r d                                                 -C)
                                                                                                           er


        /1/ 2:4-7A-7                      WILL      So ////4     So   ir/i,yrAS   .       /C.'   7iVel7    7,Y(       r -C


„ 71:4•4    7             0.5 z±    7f     4/2     endril, a/4/ 77 :     1/ 0 &CC 1/‘4               e      t67 1420
  •Cwcei ,q ,,g                    ez..e.7. 7":" A /6114 7* r.47 // 7-4741 :4 c- alr."3 7 a

     VF,'/tS         web,/ ci./ 6,4-1%4 r:             Amsig                tOr a 12,4 2. VA                      e4C
                     ""    est     -CA   7/11      S C 0,14'40- 04:- /17- /           I          C   pct.- iriWIC

                :7. bet /1           c /4/1/6 "to,/              ' ,/C/?     /5 ile-57;tr 'Ws 4/4//.//r.g

  04       '5 0 3 A/CA.
                                                                                                        i'MA5                    77- - C0/5 nt1,111.57                     71;jr C:    Overst.
                                              kJ 1


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                                                                  /it     r .629                  LE-•       /       ',C0 4 'f14 r/ Cer                            7Wer7 Co 44/7-61
                                                                       7         he VA                                                                                                   er/V

                                                          fir        77/     o       at             r,.icr             /vs te,           r           z / A 4/1             C /4/4r          e                         cony?

                                                            /I             /Jj       .lZ      E: Z.)           7.171A r          7171dr                   /1       NA- 1)      any                 e                 t°It"? 5,

                                                           op                                ''c.yg                Y         77111-4             01, ZI-14 )       cic1I         A 1-•             A° ..•41 A S •61%
                                              I .                                                                                                                  Cf:                77/,                      //././.;V9fie -
                                                     .1 WAS                AN        A ef /-;           ,41)            S bliP/P             c r/eits,
                                              L

                                                     :,    4/6.65:77                          Atel ge/ S-                     AA"            Yr" ovrsee),F                     ic
                                                                      1 lIT r                       rm          at ,vereA                             s fi t -A       Awe         ewe 6A 0 /2-                            t/./2“-

                                                          494v7- /-7D /firm AA'21                                                            /       ;0        /4 C." trez,AN,                                       •,
                                                     ;
                                                           trl-/Z:     e*" c es-htl t-/A/ /5 r .                At /I            P C;C I 4 411 0                    Kell          /         , S• rt>

                                                           57;.        )                   17', 1/ c            ,rt,'NvtA                r                     my ALA A'S.                                     ///wir                 ,

                                                                           A' • A /1HS                     1-)0               ///1                             /TtLIA,1                / C/f,5 .       AA CS    r   /vA L.- •

                                                                           /".             fi'/,' A /f I               wILL       /P /11.0            TW F . A er             z . ,vA                                          /1.-/ -
                                                                                                                                                                                            ,
                                                          r ee,ir                t                  /          7H              C-/                    7/'t/,f /,-.             „.,./ces            c 2-A 4          A 61001

                                                                                     7-•                   roA C 1r                              I        41       A.6       t./ 7 - 2€', If 5 - 4/...

                                                           /71A !/" 1-           -cc         CIt.                                n'S         44/0                                     ciAstort                      4'A/f7.7,c.,

                                                                r    84‘..rism                                 ne--4,/         se)       n --/e/0"/                                     iets.ott               , ot -/ - /cE,

                                                          Jr        enAA &Awe                 r          n ifse-vp rAl                    es /10                      75 IrALIA,, Aoz,cr,e'
                                                                /I./ ft c-             // 4. I"                   / st 1 -    /WT. 7.9.gfre                    Alt SS/ /            Lt// 721              S itr A,         /      g
                                                     •                                                   ,••
                                                                                            :le n                 th    1.9 L L. 1.-EAj2                  7/ier Arr9.1                  frr"              7Wer

                                                                                                                                                                              •
                                                                       r:            tf:// .0.4.5x,FA,                    a 47o 117. AY ,4't'                       5i      4y ,./Pg/tffr 41,6                 A     1•14/ 1,4

                                                            e       md MC/ 4                            le"     ACa.0“,1 DaAPT WARY YOGI .170 .1 Aa                                                    MA Alec t-.SSAR

                                                          CH ik PC05rl                                                                   1/4
        The only time I was admonished by General Dasher was soon
               A
after kliats raid.                     He found out I had been going on raids with my

men.      He said he no longer wanted me to go with them.

       I said, "But General, I can't order them to risk their lives

and not take the same chances.                                        I know you understand."

       "So you have been checking on me," he stated, "And know I
used to jump with my men."

       "Yes, Sir, and they still talk about you."

       He concluded, "The nature of your business, perhaps, often

requires your presence; but I forbid you to take unnecessary

chances, and remember, you are the prime target."

                                         ek-mf                                             /ea-- 40/4.1/7" 'ir,voed rfrxr- 7-4,6                         0
       7-4 Adys ren?met                       /l°/'s TPA              /p5/4,--- ei           flip. iviss Atore.,vc /nal? A                           ice
        ecei          r;
                                                                                                                                                         0
                             C „V f fie/ 4- -,65            w41c 1 /LI. S 7$ Kir                   si", 4. rA                  e-ends               &Is()
                                                                                                                                               /
        A            er /I       ILA    L/ 0,1 7-,          7 -VA t(.14                L    EYe    r//t.FP so              7W4             fr—A C.A-V
            ,rne.^                              s        4 if A-,40 A                /Vr       r     7Aie 7- A                  4= r        .7 -     .,C 0


        cmice-                          WC. w/hL             ,ther    ,./n/ roue,"           ny " A       V    0   ,       I     rezt                )( 0

        C" a PAS JA, /IL                       A 1"//fn/es 7#4-761 Nis_s /0,4'                                     d.)--           nc, ,,d7-2

                                       v NA, v6 710 sp",440/?..7- ,r,v6- 07 hst-.41s                                                                As
        ,rjr:r i t" re' "1/C-7 ,       7 04(     / /eV      rid Cc,         . r ,n     /C r.itcG              .e"A er.4:: wezz Sr. °

                     ,A)          RSO                    1/ 0 /Mtvel 1            /C   c-oct.reci     4   4-4 G "Pek                       C/C)

                           7 1141 0 cI',$)Lr G.RAN A n                       nin.911' rs           1).    dt :4            eivyv -r/A1)
                     1)      r   "in     eel!       "nom e               tvrere , -60/- No ti, yore/ c                     s co tu
                     to sAkran                       ,fit     / 5 7.12           ;it /PIN? --gAtC 4.97; tia) Via                   -ciC       fk.   eat
                     in '4-4 A ivea - cwsrevt_s-                                 4,1) evrinchter - /7-A //A                        Ar i/cr
                 ty/.37.4 pre- 70,10/Nra                                  A,vo WILL               neer ran' A                          /       4-

       El.: Er to riliGn          7- 0//16-11r Ar .71/S c/C NAA                                    4 .614 /Eln         5
                     paw                  /     wesO          Suet         ts'       xiv4 "Livia° vitt 70 ArAcP, C
  • 6tv. Dt5,2-iff--tesi
              na NA vs- ,Ai Y A fo, ,rf a V irk —                                    Gcoa      .tieCir.
                 A 7-       8;15 gn             wE wt.flE A                           S        "AY L-                              o       4: /../ A _

      w/IS         CALLf 0           oar          4               4' A        Ark) IN              Scfril         ir ) ,Are

      6 ,Y        A 44 ZVI -SW /F                ec        .e.3               ei-c         L       t,fre ,    4E7

       _rE . /1 r       L    P        WAS             C'AALEO                 our         ASA:415             .."/ 4: CA "lac e A            /4:1"

             6 0 A El s                         ACCOn ed A ,v E.e.)                            d        rAJrer             e A241 / /EV A/1/0

                    or /4               1.1.4         g/r S,                         Go//a               As: A.'      1.12, A/       ./.4A      r.:1.. .-
       GC /

       A No       hv         if la tics: ,7• a" 2) est.4,              SA /          e c:/./P ,c)                cr, le -CA.'            6'eacsi

             p    cone je, Her(7 -, ,e7 v                          r     e:    cr sA/PE- S ,a/ 7 A'6                                     s 6' el OZ
                                                                                                                                 n, d
      2: P       er, .7-4/..r./ 5/900 AC 11A A/C S                             7-,ei A                 /4g


      1)1c       Air     c         Iv/ 77,1            e            %C/r           A / C,/ p7L2WA. W5"." AlL
                                                                                  6Y ot
                                                                                 {_    aa, /k ___e
                                                                                                :1  /iti A v peRsj
                                                                                                  ,.„_
      7:9          ON         2771/ S      WA S        A          N A 6. 4://77/ C ef/ /      6      S7            AS 2:
                                                                                                                                    it


      .1                Ga,vo smiDi • -.72.eirie .0.620.4 A'n,ya                                             a/1'4S 145-5-6,c             4, I 7- 7.•

       De/ s,ye 0 7,9%.c.fr- COP4..0

           togs WAS nye
           4104ama.tdA major action was to defang the communists.                                                                  We had


i
    conducted small arms raids of Italian partisan arms and arms left
                                                                       Kit we4e
    behind by the Germans, but now -bans after the big one.                                                                      Reports
    kept coming, to me that the Communist Party was moving arms and

    ammunition into Rome for a possible takeover or revolution. They

    boasted of the largest Communist Party in the world, aa4..imagae

                                                                                                                 119-4mgovememer
    sgartataA.               Their newspaper, Unita inflamed the situation.                                                                The
    arms were being bought by Russian gold which came in periodically
                                       ewe
    by courier in diplomatic pouches. liy second problem was the

    Italian army arsenal outside of Rome, with enough arms and

    ammunition to equip an army.                                    The workers at the arsenal were

    communist union (CGIL) controlled.
                                                                    •                       CD
                                                                                            CD
                                                                •           CD
                                                                    .- in --CD
              The arms in the city were mostly transported and stored
                                                                          C)
         caskets.  At a series of conferences with the Chief of Police of n
                                                                          1
                                                                          4.
                                                                          /
         Italy, it waS decided that I would take care of the arms in Rome C)

         and he would handle the,arsenal.                                                   0

              We struck simultaneously.                                                     0
                                                         A raided a dozen storage places
                    ev10        CA r1115/00-g_f_0
                                              :0 d   )                                      0
         in Rome. 10e- arrested over 50 communist guards and seized

         hundreds of caskets loaded with rifled and machine guns, mostly                    ()
        of Czech origin or from other communist countries.                   The Chief of   0
                                                                                            0
        Police's men raided the 'arsenal.                 The next day, in a room behind
        his office, he showed me trunks loaded with recoil springs taken                     C)
        from the rifles.       He had immobilized the guns.             Bolts, barrels,      0
        etc., can be manufactured; but springs with their fine temper are 0
                                                                          0
        difficult to make.


                                                                                             0


                                                                                                0

                                                                                            --C
             Len my GRouP 1/1.4)
(carefully planned-,•we
                    t   blew in the front door of the warehouse and
                  ana)
                                                                                            "C
 were met with a. hail of gunfire. My men around the building,

 quickly threw a half dozen.grenades through the back door,

 windows, and skylight.        I stepped in the front door with two of

 Ty custom guards.         A form. ran past me, the devil knife caught him

 on the back of his leg above his knee.                   He fell and went for his
                                                                                            /((
 gun,   I fired my Beretta, which I carried in my. shoulder holster,

     my Italian Custom guards fired at the same time.

        We captured over 5400 rifle:7n=                       and submachine guns.

 The.reom containing. baxes of Italian Army grenades was set on
                          -                                   So'It
 fire. .    I•retrieited mvstiletto r and five bodies were foundA with
  -7160--elterlt'r"`"47.
                                •:
3
3                                                                                                                                                                                              Q11-

         the mark of the devil knife -- .f.dtwi&.eii-Aite
                                                                                                                         arrms—eigwk


D             kflaccier-41.cren-mdawaitr_ m i li a_r_the
                                                                                                                                                 11, of-a
0        cQamUc4zt                 oapitii-cri          t-o—baker                                                                                ian
0        a
                                   Targeted Allied installations
0                                                                                                                 and United States.
0        personnel were no longer targets.                                                  The perpetrators no longer
         existed.


0                              /        CA.L4E02.                     attic oAsHe-A,                         A    7-         / 0 4 / %1                  (.2     t?             /    re        0 ,


0              ' BiR
               ..                   0 VE n             ,t,     coo           /12 ii tr i-   -s- .
                                                                                              /
                                                                                                      till   c////f/s - GP/Y-5 /                      tc-Vs TV 1-35                   Ift//ll°
                           2                                                                                                                         OAP rf4t1 el
0                    6 - 4i Ats         A ,f,no        reat;          00 o       if o by".0.3-        ai c       fA . / i me t/ 4„/ ,r- / ews .                  -`1- i 1,- sr         A -s" W 4 -- -
               ..
                                                                 Wrik4
                                                                                                     30       Co AI.A!Li.47 ..0 7-                   6 c/./1 /Pia S                 c...,1 /or 2:4 ty ,
0                     "P t S' tr i             t t/ / 1 0) „c ' S A 0'i, if it / 4a-0 ,

0                     a4 .0 h              .17 2' A' 0 Y ISD j             A iv.0       s i t?       27/6 -       se:5sr 2-          4,,c Jr -r:           ,-.^.,'    A 2 i           ;.s-.6    2)./e,,

0                    tost           -      A     /IA 4;
                                                                 //
                                                                      Re
                                                                             .
                                                                                 -4#3- w a 4F cii
                                                                                                                  If
                                                                                                                       tin:          w air P.:             zriy•- ,          z Th-t-iiti is"
0                                                                                                                                                                            6 t? i 6          _/
                                   7- ar       0 Flit        A        Zi w e         .7 etc         „Liid     piotA 7             Yotz/ 7 e.12. 4              / 1.1E ."
                :.    0 Ai

0                            /.0               e A a Ti ,c                             /2/Pi         A; „H4             Tt         ece...4                                          7,/#t
                                                ti                                                                                                   ryr                        R'%21
                      A 0 /9            0            Chi A /PL                       ra2            Yen/ WE- 27 5                       ztr a                            e                      /X/.


                                                              6'EA/. 40/1-                             /1/13           Se,                   •            A ,..111           irt-:'.f"         Y.' °'
0
0   I]                /*/4,i Lii               2716- Fr 41-              /9ai ° &1132- /               Wizt-           S'StYZ2 ir                7 °           A ri ll 7,            We

0                      SE 4,0 A                 /kg               /d/A           Y    4/S t° A rch e- //9/14-"D1A                         e'                   ;rib' c         iw i t z        MC..

0                          0/4MVPISr                         /yfrA               ccii'lfiacrlog              Alt0 LeMG‘A                  A          /


0                      C


                                                                                                                       7 7/714F     A cit J.     S
                      The word spread quickly.                                              Afteraidatiew= gataabil d.8, arms
0
             stopped coming in to Rome and talk of a communist revolution or
0            takeover of the government came to an abrupt halt.
0            were defanged and we could go about our normal business of
                                                                                                                                                     In short they


             establishing the Italian                                        government, mopping up "stay behind
             nets", and making_the. "Eternal City" sale_aggin.
0                     I told my men that our exposed rear ends were now covered

                    and we could begin concentrating on Nazi 'agents, saboteurs and

                    collaborators:
 "STAY BEHIND NETS"


      The Germans, when they evacuated Rome early in June, 1944,    C)
                                                                    C)
 had no way of knowing' that the war would end with a German defeat c)

 eleven months later.    The goal, in their retreat into northern
                                                                       C)
 Italy, and later into Austria was to delay the allied advance and

 force the Allies to pay as high a price as possible for all of

 the land they took.    In these actions, they were quite

 successful, and there were no rapid advances comparable to

 General Patton's spectacular drive across France in the late

 summer and fall of 1944.  It was a slow, tough, foot—slogging
                                  it OND
 drive to the Alps with bitter hand Alighting all the way.

      Meanwhile, back in Rome, it soon was evident that the

 Germans had not evacuated the city as completely as we had

 initially thought.

      The Nazis, as they fled north, left what we called, "stay

 behind nets" of spies and saboteurs.     One such spy net was

 sending back coded information on Allied troop movements and

 other pertinent military intelligence.    The British FSC brought

 in a truck which contained a radio direction finder.    We were

 able to isolate the transmitter location to a large apartment or

 tenement building.    It contained hundreds of apartments.   We

".could not pinpoint the apartment from which the radio was

 transmitting.   If we raided or began a search, the spies we knew

 were alert and would move or lose themselves in the hundreds of

 people in the building.

      Finally, we got the needed break.    The spies needed crystals
        for their radios, and a courier would deliver them to a contact

        at a designated spot in the Villa Borghese Park in Rome.

        Fortunately, it was in a "lovers lane" area.      We did not have

        enough Italian girls working at our C.I.C., so some of the agents

        had to pair off with C.I.C. agents dressed as women.       This watch

        went on for a few days.    Finally, the courier was spotted passing

fj      a package to a contact.    Both were apprehended at gun point,

        since both, as expected, were armed.
)1              Under some pressure, the contact man told us the apartment
la

11      number.    (The pressure had to be applied quickly and the contact

        made to talk. because, with any delay, our quarry would flee.)       We

        quickly raided the 3rd floor apartment.      One of the two operators
r :-

        jumped from a window and broke his leg, but survived, and was
hi 1

        captured by the waiting agents.

                We had a golden opportunity.   The radio was intact.   We had

        the three operators intact (except for the broken leg) and the

        code book and the apartment.    A decision was made to play them

        back.    (The British were a great help in this venture, since we

        were amateurs.)    Fake troop and supply movements were quickly

        formulated.     The Italians had done a similar operation against

        the Yugoslays, in Yugoslavia, a few years earlier.     The Chief of

        Italian Intelligence advised me that a Morse code radio

       • operator's "touch" is like a fingerprint and cannot be

        duplicated.    Just before the operation began, I spoke to the two

       enemy spies and told them, "You are going to be shot as spies.

       You have caused us considerable damage.      However, you have one

       chance to stay alive.     We have a monitor on the radio.    If we

        suspect, and I emphasized, even suspect, that you try to warn the
                                                                         C)
                                                                          0
                                                                         10


                                                                         0
                                                                         0
Germans that we are playing you back, you will be shot       •

immediately.    You know who I am, and that I can keep my word           ()
either way."                                                             ()
                                                                          C)
     They answered, "Yes, we were warned against you.       Now we are
                                                                          C)
relieved that you caught us, and we will cooperate fully."
                                                                          C)
     They did, and for almost three weeks we sent back false             ()
information.    This gave us a great advantage while the German          ()
                                                                         ()
armies were fleeing north.    After three weeks, the operation was
                                                                         ()
abruptly stopped, since now it could become counter productive.           C)
A quick cutoff was a natural'occurrence, since the Germans knew           0

such agents were expendable.     The spies were not shot.                ()
                                                                         ()
     Next, we received a break, but inherited a most perplexing
                                                                          ()
situation.     A "stay behind" net of twelve saboteurs armed with        -0
explosives.    The surrendering was one of the twelve, but did not        C)
                                                                          ()
know the identity of the other eleven.     The case was assigned to
                                                                          ()
one of my best agents, Leo Pagnotta, an ex —Boston detective.       He
                                                                          ()
was given the twelve Italian custom guards and any other agents           ()
that he needed.    Then the painstaking operation began.    We began      0
                                                                             C)
to solve it like a mathematical equation.    First, the known
                                                                             0
quantity, the agent who had surrendered.    He agreed to stay in             0
place.   He was of utmost importance.   He led to the second                 C)

contact, and now there were ten.    In quick succession two more             C

were caught.    The fourth one led us to a cache of explosives, and

we netted two more.    (These priioners were not kept in my

security prison, but in isolation in the Italian Custom prison

and did not appear on my arrest sheets.)     A money exchange in the

black market- netted one more.   The Italian customs surveillance

team netted another and we were two-thirds of the way home.
000000000000000 JOU
                                 Another explosive cache and a shootout netted two more,-and the

                                 last two with the large cache of explosives ended the case.

                                        At the trail in a United States - British Military Court,

                                 the President stated that the defendants did not look

                                 particularly dangerous.     At this point I asked my agents to bring

                                 in some of the explosives.     We were quickly told to get them out

                                 of the courtroom.    Five were found guilty and executed before

                                 United Stated Military Police firing squads.       The others were

                                 interned, and two were granted a delayed amnesty.       The guilty had

                                 blown up our gasoline pipe lines outside of Rome, which was an

                                 act of sabotage punishable by firing squad.


    0000000000000000000000000
                                        Although I had been in fighting during the Salerno, Cassino,

                                 Anzio campaigns, witnessing an execution was an unforgettable

                                 experience.    The first time we shot two saboteurs, the officer in

                                 charge gave the order too quickly, and one man did not die

                                 immediately.    The officer hesitated giving the coup de grace.

                                 •The next execution was three men.    This time the officer' in

                                ' charge was most efficient and walked right up with his .45 pistol

                                 and administered the coup de grace.       Later that night I saw him

                                •at the bar drinking straight shots of whiskey,. obviously with no

                                 effect.    I went up to him in an attempt to console him with small

                                 talk that I had caught them, prepared the case, wanted them shot,

                                 etc.    'I was drinking along with him.   Finally, I realized that I

                                •.was having no effect on him or myself.     The straight shots of

                                 whiskey or alcohol could not penetrate the emotional barrier we

                                 had built up mentally and in our nervous system, to steel us

                                 against witnessing an execution of human tieings.

                                        As fast as we rqunded 'UP: their nets and agents, the Germans
     kept throwing more at us.    One morning at 4:00 a.m., my phone

     rang.    A German airplane had dropped a box with four parachutes

     attached, on the outskirts of Rome.    (This was a common practice

     which kept their agents and equipment together.)     We quickly

     surrounded the area, found the box and parachutes and caught two

     of the agents.    The third man with the explosives eluded our net.

     The next few days netted us little.    I did get a call from the

     prison that one of the men was the obvious leader, but he was

     arrogant, intelligent and looked at my interrogator with contempt

     in his eyes.    I told them, "Let him simmer.   I will be down

     tomorrow.   Put him in an empty cell with a small table and a

     chair on either side." The next day I put on my uniform and went

     to the prison.    I told my C.I.C. agents to lock the door after me

     and went in the cell.    The prisoner was sitting in one of the

     chairs; I sat in the other across from him.     We stared at each

Li   other for a few minutes, and he stared back in contempt.    (I

     figured that I had every advantage; he was in prison, facing

     death.   All I had to do was break his strong will.) -

          Finally, I said, "In 48 hours you will be dead!     I am your

     only hope."    With this statement of twelve words I felt I would

     use his intellect and strong will against him. I planted the word

     death and the impossible solution of where he would be at the end

     of 48 hours — dead!   The choice was his.

          We stared at each other for about twenty minutes.    Suddenly,

     he began to get a film of liquid over his eyes, or glassy eyes.

     This showed me that the emotion was building up.    (The British

     had trained me in interrogation.)

          All at once he blurted out, "I didn't lie to you!!!"
     :PLANNE,D.RATUS


           With the surrender of the German armies May 8, 1945, we

     began to get a large influx of Gestapo, SS and just plain German

     soldiers.    Either they didn't want to go home or were running

     from their crimes.    My prison population showed a sharp rise. To

     this point I had made about 2,000 arrests.

          One of my informants told me one day that he had tailed two

     obvious German military.    He was sure because they walked

     throwing their, legs back in a stiff motion.   I put a watch :on the

     building.    From the information derived, I suspected they were

     high - ranking officers -- probably Gestapo.    I decided to pick

11   them up.

          The morning of the raid, one came out of the building and

     headed to his left.    The second went to his right.   As they

     reached the corner, they were tapped on the back of the head by a

     revolver barrel, held by one of my agents stepping out of a

 L   doorway.    They raised their hands in surrender.   They both were

     Gestapo Colonels.
:1
          Later I asked them, "You were heavily armed; why didn't you

     resist?"

     •    They answered, "The moment we got the tap from behind, we

     realized the streets were deserted and you had us trapped."      One

     of them continued, "How many guns did you have on us?"

          I told him, "Twenty on each of you.   And, of course, you

     know you only had three seconds to get your hands up."

          The Senior Colonel said, "We know, because your methods were
                                        4


      known to us."   My men were told to count three and shoot, because

      it takes your adversary three seconds to get his gun out.      On the
      fourth, you're dead!

            My raids and arrests in Rome were all carefully planned and

       nothing was left to chance.    For example, -when we arrested . two

       gestapo Colonels all contingencies were considered.      My Italian
       customs agents were sent out a week ahead of time and conducted a

       twenty four hour surveillance, this revealed that they kept a

       typical German methodical schedule.     If one of the Gestapo

       Colonels went out, (recognized by his walk), he was followed.

       The Italian police checked all apartments on the 2nd floor of all

       buildings one block on either side of the door from which the two

       Germans would exit.   Their gait was clocked on how long it would

       take them to walk from A to B, or A to C or A to D.      We knew when

       they went out for food, etc.    The morning of the raid all

r21    streets, three blocks on all sides of the building were sealed

       off by Italian police.    Cars would occasionally criss—cross the

       street and some strollers would walk by.    (My G.I.C. men with

       some dressed in women's clothing.     The cars contained armed C. I.

       C. and Italian police of the lightning squad.)     This was
7
       necessary to halt suspicion in case they were watching.       All

       second floor windows had an armed man ready.    Italian police

       notified all inhabitants that they would remain in their

       apartments until further notice.     The trap was set.   If by chance

      "they changed their schedule; then Plan II, a raid on the

       apartment was contemplated.    I was present to give the order.
000000000000000
                                 in          A-B
                                             A-C
                                                            Four routes which suspects could take

                                             A-D
                                             A-E

                                             X -            Armed men challenge suspects with tap with
                                                            pistol behind head, 3 seconds to surrender.

                                             Y -            Armed men - (rifles, pistols, shotguns)
                                                            2nd story windows or on street, orders shoot
                                                            to kill if suspects resist.

                                                 -          Blocking vehicles (open jeeps)
                                                           '2 armed men in each. Would move into position
                                                            if gunfire heard.

                                             * -            Italian Police sealing three blocks on all
                                                            sides.

                                             4              Direction of fire if needed. Minimum 5 men
                                                            not counting foot & vehicle patrols if


  0000000000000000000000000000
                                                            suspect broke and ran. Each man had his
                                                            assigned field of fire and each man on the
                                                            ground had a zone to move into.


                                       NOTE:                Minimum 50 agents and Italian police, every
                                                            man thoroughly briefed on details.


                                                              2     11)oe R   FRO in    pd ,
                                                                                       Wcl
                                                                      Es-r,pc,            e Rs   eu
                                                                     Exci
                                                                                                                      YY
                                                     y Y      .‘t cilYm
                                                                      \LA
                                                                                         Y       Cs
                                                                                                      _8   1Y   -t4
                                                                a-- -A


                                  lc    CI           - yI    "Ntr    I         `i                                     Y y


                                                              EL-
                                                            7t
              The raids on the coMmunists arms depots were basically the
     same.  Many hours of surveillance, all roads blocked, armed men
      of                        q.:1Wete    aermkek r
     onAbuilding, etc. There was difference koasotr i the building or
                                 A
     warehouse had to be entered or attacked and the occupants

     overcome or captured, iiii--a   gass-' 4" 11" 6-711174-5;
                               •
          The front entrance was generally blown in with explosives.
          If the occupants didn't surrender within two minutes; then
          simultaneously, all entrances and windows were blown as well
          as any skylights or roof entrances. This was accomplished
          by the custom agents who had scaled the walls. Grenades
          were thrown into the building along with tear gas canisters.
          The customs agents with my C. I. C. charged with automatic
          weapons l'firing at anything that moved. We then would load
          all the weapons on waiting trucks and destroy what we didn't
          move.


11
                                          EMPHASIS SEGAW     SHIM17 fivieretio
                 yaw'. riff SECUI ttlfr
                         pounterespionage and sabotage, my main irritant         (.-.;
           .SPA VIASIoil
      became the Italian internal situation, ,which at times had to be

     'nipped in the bud, before it could grow to endanger our security.

               The Christian democrats were the largest party, but had to

      rule with a coalition, with smaller parties.         The communist

     .boasted of the largest communist party in the west.          The left

     . wing scicialist with the communist were always a threat which


        !I
        I .


                                                                                   C
00000000000000
                                  Ti
                                              could spell disaster for Italy.    Over forty newspapers

                                              especially the communist and socialist inflamed the situation

                                              with irresponsible reporting.

                                                   During this period the head of the Iberian airways offered

                                              me a private plane and pilots to take me to Spain, at the

                                              invitation of Franco's government, to obtain the information on

                                              Petro Nenni's criminal record, while he fought with the

                                              communists during the Spanish Civil war.     Nenni was the head of


  00000000000000000000000000000
                                              the left wing socialist party, but we had him tabbed as a soviet

                                              agent. I had to refuse, but later I did receive the information

                                              and it was made public.    This hurt the communist left wing

                                              socialist coal?tion.

                                                   Also security was threatened by the influx of NKVD (now

                                              KGB), agent provocateurs.    The Vatican was in my area and I had

                                              to keep a watchful eye, since they were a communist target.       This

                                              surveillance took much of my time.     The refugee problem was
                                  1.1
                                              always there and kept increasing as an irritant and had to be

                                              watched closely.    Neo—fascist groups kept sputtering, but were no

                                              more than a nuisance, one of my most disturbing problems were the

                                              numerous and almost constant demonstrations.    My men and the

                                              Italian police had to be constantly alert that American soldiers

                                              and other allied'personnel on leave didn't accidentally get mixed

                                              up in these often explosive situations.    I was a help to the
                                        1,1

                                              Italian police.    My underground usually notified me on how to

                                              identify the leaders and agitators.    For example, often. the

                                              demonstrators wore black "T" shirts.    The leaders would wear a

                                              paper clip on the left side of the neck collar strip.      Prefect

                                              Moro's riot "Celere" squad would seek out these leaders and make
                                                                                        Cig


      short work of them.

              I was fortunate, my record of   Ito II
                                                       GI's hurt, remained
      intact.    Luckily, even curious American or allied soldiers were

      never injured in any of these riots.                                               ()
                yt Ales LATER   I lits•csii/ ED ACALL fig oM nit= P. _5   04;f 1:,- as STA()

      46P01/6    Aiht1P /  /1.14 aVER c E Al fite rA
                                                Aereiefril.        /

                                                    /7-   pc/. A SA,-Ar:          fiV    c)
                            404/c6 ,41,1 /rAGY tA7
       yips    r8t CHIEF OF                                       Ana 4.
                          MAT IT //AI ton .5//VC6 CV 5 A/11?1,57                         0
       Pk       / V XN)5"
                                                                                         0
                                                                                         0
-15
                                                                                         0
                                                                                         C)
                                                                                         0
                                                                                         0
                                                                                         C)
                                                                                        "0
                                                                                         C)
                                                                                         0


                                                                                         0
                                                                                         C)
                                                                                         0
                                                                                         C)
                                                                                         0
                                                                                         0
                                                                                         C)


                                                                                         0


                                                                                         C)


                                                                                         C)
INSURANCE


     With all the enemies I had made, I decided that I needed

some very good life insurance.    I sent for the communist partisan

chief, a ruthless killer.    He didn't come, so I sent word that if

he didn't come on his own two feet, I would have him dragged in.

(Count Armenise, a wealthy Italian, who even owned Mica Mines,

had asked me to meet him on the outskirts of Rome.     He told me

that I was higher on the communist hit list than he was.        I told

him, "Good, before I leave Rome, I hope to be number one."        By

the tone of the newspaper article that appeared in Unita, in

April 1947, I must have been number one.

     The communist partisan came to my office.     I told him to sit

down in a chair close to the front of my desk.     I spoke harshly,

"I hear through the grapevine that you are following my actions,

and possibly intend to harm me and some of my men!"

     He blurted out, "Per carita, sei un amico nostro."    (Mercy

sakes no, you are •a friend of ours.")

     I told him, "(Bugardo) Liar, stop right there.     I am an

enemy, not a friend of yours."   I had a photograph of my two year

old son, whom I had never seen, on my desk.    I turned the picture

so he could see it, and said, "See the boy?    I want a better life

tor him.    You advocate a worse life."   I continued, "Don't

trouble to look for me, I'll let you know my itinerary anytime

that you want it!"

    At this point I took a pistol out of my drawer.     It was an

ugly looking six shooter.   It had a hair trigger and had killed a
 man.    I leaned over my desk and placed the front of the barrel

 against his forehead.    I told him, "Don't move.    This pistol has

 a hair trigger, and you can see it is loaded.      I would think less

of killing you' than a dog."

        His face turned white.   I could see his mind.   "The stories

of the unstable American with the eyes of the devil are true."

        I put the pistol on my desk and shoved a list of twelve

names in front of him and said, "If you take a shot at me and

misd, I will personally get the twelve of you.       If you kill me, I

have given orders that the twelve of you will be found in the

Tiber River floating face down.     This was the favorite trick of

the Borgias.     Note the list; you are Number 4 on it.    Take it

with you .     IF I LIVE --- YOU LIVE."

        Years later Willard Edwards, Washington Bureau Chief of the

Chicago Tribune, in an interview asked, "Did you really mark

twelve men for death?"     My answer was, "They surely must have

thought so, because I am still here."

        At this point I must ask%bh4gang   ecr, "Would I have killed

the twelve men?"     I used to reflect after such encounters, tees I

:becomtng a predator, as bad as the men I was tracking down and
                                                             ir
 confronting? Decorations, medals, citations meant little. lin

   the thrill of the hunt and the pounce for the kill that kept

me going?    Was this my natural make-up and could I control it in

the future?     I used to shrug it off and say to myself, "Time will

tell."
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                                                 17                 /".     e 7-7            7ô pyy A                         rAtinA                                        zri,14 _-: "se,          s,

                                                                                                                           4(0         NE        7O                 71-/C       ,oe /A/ 7-           r.c;            )-1 ,/ /Cf/

                                                                        ,v,/                        Flys                   /,‘" a     ,1//L3         LF L                 nrix            7 or                             er.c//, -
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Mir ly
                                                             /          4/       S AZT                    C                     tc: Cg'/.t                /          - 0/1".7,••7           r, / , 0.4/     Crr

                                                       .•   sec                           7          0      / C;c           n em 47      77I et /                              C /cm / 7 A 7       / erid    .„4-7     E           eefic

                                                                 4'                        / ( sr         14, e-cs,- 7hrg,v              w-cnrz.0

                                                                    In 1.946, the NKVD became the MVD, but whatever their

                                                   official name, I saw them as the enemy and no friends of the

                                                   Americans.                                 My goal was to eliminate their threat as quickly and


                                                       as efficiently as possible, and using their own methods if.

                                                       necessary.
                                                                        /                 ,S        A 15. ter          70        Sr /4 425 r                    t         /f     e.i/v..4                      et=               vr,-'r

                                                            7 11        AY       r             ,Arl? /ewe              s      A4'.       //SF                 rite -;!--          41.4-Er4 7 S       cc .77/6- i ce,./P&f
                                                                                                                                                                                                            rev est s        osAvr ar
                                                                                                              /McF/r/               en    a,'             rel 60S              L.A WA)           Lylia      4 tysto,nrchc
                                                                                                                                                                          Mt
                                                   •         (.;            jy       /     c p                    ,friva 0 -VL-A fr/                                          +frit"CC/ Cf77.-        dE     .7) 4Te              e44',00
                                                                                                                                                                          A
                                                            WI/IC                             iitc-                                 sr "A                                                ..,o4ym      77.ti.er             VIr      /.


                                                                 . r.                A I      7 /    4:1 "     C7?,4                  ;CA"cht        je              I,   /     ir       Cc. erlcr,i                   o     en 7^ 7,

                                                                        c                at           e Y./4 •/vtfrJ                            /1        v z.                       e   6-e r,'94,4? ALL ,CA Cr 7:

                                                             CT t,%:- /4:1/52 ,/ c:AricA/.
                                              ii
                              CHAPTER IV


                           THE ITALIAN MEDIA


     During one period in Rome, there were forty seven

newspapers, and more were springing up like mushrooms.      Much of

the reporting ranged from irresponsible to downright lies.      In

many cases, it endangered our security and that of our troops

still fighting the German armies in northern Italy.      I remembered

the words of the Chief of Police of Italy, "If you plan to apply

your American principles of fair play, then you better go home

now!"

     Our Military Government (AMG), let them run wild under the

guise of freedom of the press.    One day a story appeared in one

of the newspapers entitled, "The American dollars stained in

blood."   The obvious lies and distortion were totally

irresponsible.    I got angry and said to myself, "Freedom of the

press is not this," so I sent for the editor and decided we were

no longer going to be used as "whipping boys."   Enough was

enough.

    The editor came to my office, and I showed him the article.

He nonchalantly said, "Well, you know how it is, one

ahticle ...."

    I stopped him and said "Liar,"     the Italian word "Bugardo"

is much more expressive.    I continued, "One article, you insult

me to my face!"   I opened up a file in front of me.   It had at

least fifty similar articles from his newspaper.   I picked them
up and threw them in his face, and called him "face of bronze,"

an Italian expression which meant you can lie and keep an

expressionless face as if made of bronze.

     I got up in my chair and said in a loud voice, "Get out of

my office, your face pains me!"     He turned white, since I am sure

he heard of the crazy American.     He missed the door in his haste

and hit the side.    I picked up his hat on my desk and yelled,

"Take this with you,"    and threw it in his direction.   Crude but

effective.    The next day a long editorial appeared praising the

United States.

     I took the article to my Commanding General, General Dasher.

He looked up and said, "Did you have anything to do with this?"

I answered, "General, I wouldn't intimidate the press." I got no

answer except the half-smiling look he often gave me which,

without words, said, "I'll bet you didn't."

     My next encounter was with Unita, the communist party so-

called "free and democratic press," which our military government

authorities insisted that we allow to function freely.     I will

not bore the reader with the *diatribes they constantly printed

against the United States.     I awaited an opening to go after

their editor, who was the brother-in-law of Palmiro Toglatti t the

communist party chief and the present Minister of Grace and

Justice.    My informant in the Italian communist party advised me

that they were preparing an attack on me which would be printed

on. the front page of Unita.

     I sent for the communist editor and had him escorted to my

office.    I told him that I heard he was going to publish an

attack on me.    He, of course, denied it.
           I then said, "Go ahead, publish the article; and if there is

      one word in it that I don't like, and I am sure there will be

      many, I will arrest you, and see if your brother-in-law can get

      you out of my prison.   fl

      twill then come down to the prison with the article, stuff it in

      your mouth, make you eat it and digest it.    The article was

      printed three years later, in April 1947, six weeks after I had

      left Italy.   The two main points they made were that I suppressed

      the free and democratic press, and that I was an American

      terrorist.

           At this stage I decided that the putting out fires approach

      was not always effective.    I had to move into the media in a big

      way to counter the socialist and communist propaganda barrage fed
4'.
      mostly through the pretense of freedom of the press.

           Now I will digress briefly from the Italian media to the

      United States Army controlled "Stars and Stripes."    The

      editorials for some time were pure and simple communist

      propaganda.   In a check with the FBI, I found that the editor

      in - charge was a major and card carrying member of the United

      States Communist Party who had been assigned to the position

      directly from the United States.   The Theater Commander wanted to

      get rid of him.   I.urged him to wait since the scrubwoman at the

      "Stars and Stripes" building was my paid informant.    I was

      preparing a case against him and his First Sergeant for theft of

      United States Government property (selling newsprint on the black

      market.)   All I needed were affidavits from the buyers.    I told

      the General a criminal charge and trial by court martial would

      strip him of political support.
                                                                        6.1=

     In the meantime, since I had never seen my little son; I was

allowed to come home on 90 days Temporary Duty (TDY).      During my

absence, the major was relieved.    A political uproar followed.

Upon my return I asked General Dasher, why, General Lee had taken

the action?    He said, "You were gone, and I couldn't hold off

General Lee with you absent." I did finish the case, and the

criminal was sent to Washington.    The furor died down.

     One of my Italian friends had introduced me to a man whose

conversations left a lasting impression on me.     He was small in

stature and must have been severely burned on his face and arms.

The skin was stretched taut and a crimson color.    He was hard to

look at, but I never let on that I noticed his infirmity.      I sent

for him to come to my office.    My investigation revealed that he

had been the Chief of Reuters and Stefani News Agency.     In Europe

before the war, they ranked with our AP and UPI News Wire

services.

     Schuster came to my office and I asked, "How would you like

to go to work?"    He said, "But, Senor Filippo, (my first name in

Italian), I can't hold a gun, let alone use one."

     "I don't need you to use a gun.   I have men who are experts

in that field."    I continued, "Why don't you start a newspaper?"

     "But, Fillipo r it takes money; I can hardly support my

family at the moment."

     I came back with,   "I didn't ask you that.   Answer my

question -- do you want to start a newspaper?"

     Almost in disbelief, he said, "Yes, you are offering me back

my life.    You are serious, are you not?"

    Schuster, I don't joke about such matters.     However, before
                                                                         ts


        you answer further, listen to me.      If I finance you, I do. not        C)
                                                                                  C)
        intend to exercise editorial control.      I would be foolish even to
                                                                                  0
        attempt it, since this is not my line of business.      Amateurs do
                                                                                  0
        not advise professionals.     You are the best among professionals        0
        in you business.    Print the truth.    I will exercise no control,       0
                                                                                  0
        and I am sure   you will.show up most of these rags in Rome which
                                                                                  0
        call themselves newspapers."
                                                                                  0
             He took my hand and said, "You have given me the breath of           ()

        life.   I will never forget this, nor will my children."                  0
                                                                                  C)
             "Schuster, stay in character.     You are an intelligent,

ti      strong — willed man.    Now stop the sentiment and get to work        I
                                                                                  C)
                                                                                  0
        don't want to waste my money and time." . (The reader must realize        0

        that in the much more expressive Italian language, such words

        sound different and carry a more meaningful connotation.)

             I gave him 3,500,000 lire (about $1,000.00) which,

        ironically, my men had taken frtuff the communists in an arms raid.
317..


        I .didn't have to use my confidential funds.     I told him, "This is

        to get started..   I will get you some equipment and more money as

        you need it, but don't go overboard."

             Two weeks later he. walked in with the first edition.     It was

        a tabloid, and distribution was to all Italian Senators,

        Legislators, key government officials and civic leaders,

        including ,leaders of industry:

             The articles on freedom, dignity of man y government,

        caPitalisid versus marxism, socialism, and even the United States

        Constitution were literary gems..   The man, without a doubt, was a

        genius in hid field..
                        •
             Within Tour Mouths; he waiKedtin my office and told me he

                                  •
                                                                                 671


          was self - sufficient and would need no more money and even
     -r   offered to pay back the seed money.    I refused and told him his

          writings were paying me back every day, with interest.

                  Right after the first advance, I had to inform my Commanding

          General -- General Dasher.    I.kept my fingers crossed.   I

          translated some of the articles which were beautifully written in

          a flowing, almost lyrical Italian.

               General Dasher, a very astute man who luckily thought very

          highly of me, said, "This is a new newspaper."    I answered, "Yes,

          Sir."

               He took the paper and said, "Now I have seen everything.

          Instead of intimidating editors, you start your own paper."

              I saluted and left his office.     He was looking at the paper

          and shaking his head.    I detected a slight smile and breathed a

          sigh of relief as I closed the door.


C)
C)
CD
C)
C)
C)
                                                                                   0

                                                                                   0
                                                                                   0
           NKVD (HOW KGB)
                                                                                   C)
                                                                                   C)

                Schuster's news tabloid continued to grow and prosper.       In    C)
                                                                             C)
           one action, he repaid my investment in him a thousand times over. c)

           He was one of the unsung heroes who saved Italy from Soviet             C)
           subversion.   I had to enter the United States Army Hospital,           C)

           because my skin was getting a scarlet tint.    The Army doctors         C)
                                                                                   C)
          feared Scarlet Fever and put me in the hospital for observation.
                                                                                   C)
           On the second day, one of my C.I.C. officers came to see me and         C)
           had Schuster in tow.    He told me, "It's a good thing I came           C)
                                                                                   C)
'11        along; this crazy little man was getting ready to fight the MP's
                                                                                   0
           because they wouldn't let him in to see you."
                                                                                   C)
                As they left, he asked me to call him, since it was of             C)
           utmost importance.    I only stayed a few days and, upon my             C)
                                                                                   C)
           release, I called, and Sbhuster asked me to come to his home.
                                                                                   ()
                When.I entered the sitting room, a large hulk of a man arose
                                                                                   ()
           from his chair.   He must have been 6,6" or 7' tall and must have

           weighed 300 pounds.    He spoke in a shrill voice or falsetto.     He   (-)

           offered me his hand and was introduced ae the Prince of former

           Royal House of Yugoslavia.    There were five other men present.

          They were introduced to me in turn, and each gave me a slight nod

          of respect as we shook hands.     I could see from the worn

          i.condition of their clothes that they had seen better days.

                A story began to evolve as if out of a movie, and I was one

      ;   of the lesser characters.     The Prince in his high voice began a

          tale of his family and Yugoslavia and the Balkans, in their days

          of glory before the Nazis and communism.    He Was obviously the
     leader.   He said he was proud to meet me, a member of the great

     army that defeated the Nazis and the individual who had stopped

     the communists in every move in Rome.    Finally, he got to the

     point.    They were going to build an underground which would

0    operate in every Balkan country occupied by the communists,

     hoping to lead to eventual liberation.

          At this point I asked, "What do you want of me?"

         The Prince continued, "We need a secure base of operation.

    We have selected Rome.    We know how you operate, and know we can

    operate from Rome only with your consent.      Schuster has assured

     us that you can be trusted, and your word is your bond."

         "Your goals are the same as mine," I revealed.      "I will let

     you operate in Rome.   In addition, I will protect you against any

    communist action, since they know I will strike at them hard if

    they attempt any covert operation in my area."

         The Prince said, "Thank you, friend; Schuster's description

    of you and your reaction was as he stated.     But, Sir, we are not

    men that just take, without giving something in return."      He

    motioned to one of the five;' he came forward and handed me a

    package.   He introduced himself as the former Minister of

    Interior of Yugoslavia.   He opened the package, and it

    contained --

         THE ENTIRE DETAILED OPERATIONAL NET OF THE SOVIET NKVD IN

    THE BALKANS.   SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS AND DETAILS OF THEIR OPERATION

    'INTO ITALY AIMED AT THE ITALIAN GOVERNMENT.    PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE

    NKVD CHIEF OF THE BALKANS AND INDIVIDUAL PHOTOGRAPHS OF HIS

    STAFF, AND THEIR MAIN OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS IN CZECHOSLOVAKIA

    AIMED AT THE WESTERN DEMOCRACIES.


0
     Any intelligence officer would recognize the tremendous

value of this bonanza immediately.      Not only were there names and
duty assignments, but alsb with the photographs we had the means

of quickly identifying each individual whether we needed others

to tail them and learn their present activities or to arrest them

for further questioning.    I had just been given the key to the

whole Soviet secret police in the new Soviet Empire Moscow was

establishing in Eastern Europe: Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Rumania,

Bulgaria, Yugoslavia and Albania.

     I called my C.I.C. and ordered them to send two cars of

armed agents.to escort me.    I was taking no chances of these

documents falling into the wrong hands.
                            AwAief
     g                1 leitetaiwartb:creteatteits,n and memorized every

detail.   I burned all- the papers except the photographs.      Since      C)

the details were engraved only in my brain, none of the                    C)
                                                                           C)
information, even future data, were ever compromised; nor were
                                                                           C)
the Prince's brave men, operating right under the nose of the              C)
NKVD, ever picked up and shot.                                             0
                                                                           C)
     My instinct, or some power greater than mine, drove me to
                                                                           C)
this action.   Later, as a member of the National Security                 C)
Council, I found out that my instinct was correct.       If I had          0

transmitted those documents to Washington, the Prince and his men
                                                                           0
Would have been quickly Wiped out.


                                                                           .0
                                 rr


    00000000000000000000000000
                                                    ft ova /                                    t          if[ofiT                      TO ./15d _r                     /‘,e /12 /0/,'S.             ./      u.-21       1C.474)

                                            trio'               e              PAIS/I/FRS                        oic t/CE,                      A/a So a ,v2cre                                              .2- 4/

                                            rim            r        /91
                                                                      .:                            S      4       7 •,•;',           Se/sr-rem,           ev? ilf/S                 rc.• aAce               gay            A 410

                                      •     3",470                       )1,            ,Y4; p           ,-'AD          14- 7           4-.4      Cr.      .7". e            N        /Pk-           cra41 6-

                                            ,-,7 1 / 1 -17 1-aeK                        c/'/WS                    psi ce"

                                                                                   GAW                   to      tiziA                               Fir                z. A Ale                1/ -1/ 75 a A                     7 /2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   -1

                                            13, Cid a u Sa•                        i r V 4:r ay I A/                      /       7aL 1-7        7        P              /    F -t• 2 7-             •L /If             J ilmsc

                                                 Lc.                TO             /I       S                 lc/ di) V .1               ffr       147,!_r: ,va f                A         t           r       Of-
                                      .!
                                            SCAVP re                           S7) Gil                  Said/ 6 -S                O#           oft// Y //A /4: 4e/V                        /A/ sroleY                              ea

                                            OR Nov/ es                             A/0 r                 To Nt                /         ge -A            .2-/te e,               / Moe                      cl- --           77-1-fe-
                                                                               /
                                      .; Icy a re/ a ie A 1 1, -/S                                      aur        ,va r ..771IC 7                             y;

                                      1,     OA/ fl                 Y kVAK                  To            v                            cE ;-         /     7                 deNi                 ear          iv        A"-

                                            C1 a               AWO oSS.                                  fi/eR A                  /    1/m4          ..44/ /                     / ev c 7-           12/4 /0            A-

                                            s' c <i•V                    w Her R                           -SAW AIVGtZ.tow                                              .t• A-447WE              rrxr

                                                2r- to              WM              17      ov 6 7- er                  A /              77/4-           f,Dj,vctc                             FAV             04, 4.12           A c.
                                      11
                                      I, Sr . CA I/OW r                                  AA/0                   / A L 6r4                 7e C.,         irivo •ki           gni           77/                              A v
                                      t..
                                            Goat) nt:'A Sod                                     ,yo             70. 7- 4Pc"...C.7-               I -/in         e4           77 /12 r7         41, S       . sryi           rer

                                      1.1
                                                                                    7               /     WA S          z/..4 A .4. Z             xi/               r        AA-6          Al        /te      ,"?       z

                                            ,‘" VERy                     wade . /1,94                           con /1 A )                     7,, /ne         .6)e;A:                                     rrxr.                   /:


00000000000000000
                                            br      A2-              S roRza                                   p y                6214
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      •           It
                                                       •       Ce 4 0.                  S                              o61/.r           fag                At       iN .4/              7--// e -,t/          5 A /0 ,             S

                                             lo e                   ev             7-41 v s r . vs • A ire                                                          nta                    evae It                 70

                                            vvAzfi/A ) G                           ell      4 A                         1.4/0 t/<1.I           6'F       Co /!-171/c; 0              :n ee.' A ,, ‘.7                   , 7"e"4
                                                                                                                                                                it    At
                                            A . 01- fi r -S.                   Kil•Le                   -40•       /    A ATSWAs -4/                                /fA4 L
                                                                                                                                                                 4/01                          r/4             /     zmoseds

                                            A     .R.hc C0 fi t) 4-/e                       wiTH               NO' AsP /A-                       i'oci 4fr- s7/er                                           ,A2/2- Ltrycs

                                                                               r'esavawr fi ts-Mc hv                                    yn,i)                                         fl       -zr         Ycoi sA/e#4.
                                              g .?? 4          .0
                                                                                                                                                                                 t
                                            wAvr Cant                              2IA                          ii.E )1/57" AS
                W                   Do     Yav 7.7// mit 2-                  w

                     AV                  Ine    t., 2.1)             vs:'    a/vs         729oa- J4N                     A ,oe

                n't I/Ace              co r           to       co 224 A-7)A.              ser"                                  25 vl;

                t A Ver.            (H,2,cLc               7* ):     .67 GI fir   / 41    4 .4         I    iv out         /1 / 1 V5

                tiir          Tr X 7-           ete Nal                          77         /          T,,,f a k at./             7,,1,44/11 &az),            /0,
                THis' 04.0                     faYPO.

                                Gt-- eV             ,A .5 -V r          Car                  CAMS                 0 I, z-CII      t o /is- .1,4 5/0
                      If     f e/g ne               S7       7/Ever                                              cr        !..• CC               ,P      Cg
                                                                                                            tvgiv ovr
                Afar          -5P/PC-NOW s VEP7S.                                     won.°                774274,ti,s.J7,           roe/ 4104.-±0
                 .         ovf eV 5 ME A HP •                                                                                                    C)
                fie je".                       16(% fr- !IOWmvews",tm'rAD                                  or                      Nn r,y7PA/L:40

            I        7./ G 4          ki.Cr     Ame -rAV               £0W /N,              4'4'4                                AA•vri -41 4-1 A             0

                A L L-

                            7-,"v     eR 6, ,s-A /0                          v    il ifvf4                 //A1         x&r                        a,-
        I
        I!                                                 /7, c--          e_S       se r             /wV            1, 45:4            rt/2---
             t ale A'ha ) ear
            i
        } 74,1A, .5,

Al1     II


        1.
                              TWAA,            Ge-it/ 4,4 s                        SALO
                                                                                                .•••       Aa A Kat .           ‘,/p

                     er r           0 2•       re) .6 e CA IISS - 77-Ar-,41 tad, p/ eA2
        •i
                PA, r               a,c 01,43 roes,                         cnaer-                               //v /cc , 4               crA ,0 •

                 iv0 4--.44 #1./               i/             777`
                                      z i r,cT 72"/w/sr?                                 / 1/a tv P0 /fa TawATE                              /     11 ri


1_1             fi A Yid 6             rat, a          sw chi                            As. /41             S        At . 4 2/ Oee-r:

                     As the war neared its end and the German armies were on the

      verge of defeat, the communists intensified their efforts to

      disrupt the Italian Government.                                             Their target was the government,
      and they stayed away from our installations.                                                                 NKVD agent
      agitators kept coming.                                     I picked them up as they arrived, and
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                              Santoro's Secret Police gathered in their contacts.

                                                   We were doing a good job.     I gave the Italian Police tear

                                              gas and jeeps.     The Lightning Squads, whose commander was a good

                                              friend of mine, used the jeeps like a squad of soldiers -- jeeps

                                              in arrowhead formation and three in the middle.       Each jeep had

                                              six men with clubs.     They would drive into a crowd and split them

                                              up into side streets, using their clubs.     I gave them United

                                              Stated Army riot control manuals.     The carabiniere, in reverse,

                                              had armored cars.    The police were well armed and with high

                                              morale.

                                                   I thought •all was going well.    The Yugoslav's men kept the

                                              information coming to me, and I kept arresting the NKVD agents.

                                              Then a bombshell hit!     General Dasher called me.   He had written

                                              orders from Washington that I would not arrest NKVD agents since

                                              we were not at war with Russia and the NKVD were not to be

                                              considered as enemies, and were not a threat.     They had a right

                                              to be in Rome.   The General had the hardened look of the tough

                                              Airborne Combat Commander that he was.     He handed me the telegram

                                              and gave me no orders.     We did not speak a word.   I took the

                                              telegram, saluted and left.    When I got back to my office, I tore

                                              it up and threw it in the wastebasket.

                                                   Insubordinate to nameless, faceless Washington bureaucrats

                                              - yes; disgusted -- yes; angry -- yes; vow for revenge -- yes.

                                              .(Less than a decade later, I found out who the nameless, faceless

                                              bureaucrats were and did something about it.)

                                                   Then I thought, "Those whom the gods would destroy, they

                                              first make mad."    I sat down and carefully analyzed the

                                              situation:
                                                                           C)


                                                                           0


                                                                           C)
                Brave men were risking their lives to send me .the         ()
                information.                                               C)
                                                                           C)
                I was a soldier and had taken an oath.
                                                                           ()
          3.    The NKVD agents were assassins, killers and
                                                                           ()
                provocateurs.                                              0

          4.    My Commanding General was 100 percent behind me.           C)
                                                                           ()
          5.    Washington was honeycombed with traitors or misinformed
                                                                           ()
                people.
                                                                           C)
          6.    I had a mission to perform      reestablish law and        C)

                order, and keep Rome that way.                             ()
                                                                           C)
          7.    My. C.I.C. would obey my orders.
                                                                           ()
          8.    Even if the Italian Security. Forces were given the same   C)
                orders by the Allied Commission, they would follow my      ()
                                                                           .0
                lead.

          9.    I had to protect Americans and our installations in
                                                                           0
                Rome.   Riots were dangerous to us.

21
7         10.   I would continue to neutralize or destroy all threats          CD
                to our security mission.
                                                                               C)
                                                                           ()
                I picked up the telephone and called Lieutenant Colonel
                                                                           ()
     Gono Morena, the Chief of C.I.C..     I said, "Gono, I want you to    (.

     interrogate, fingerprint and photograph all NKVD or suspected

     NKVD collaboratqrs, and send the reports to me immediately upon

     completion.   I WOULD NOT DISOBEY ORDERS, BUT BEND THEM A LITTLE.

          Upon completion of a case,. I would take the NKVD agent's

     photograph and fingerprints, with word that he "had spilled his

     guts" and told us everything. I would release the documents into

     my underground.    They would find their way to the communists.   I

     would then release the agent.   Knowing the communist system, I
                                              t't


                                              I;


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                    knew they would deal harshly with turncoats.                                   I was right; the
                                                    agents would disappear from my area almost immediately.

                                                            After each release, I would go to General Dasher and say,

                                                    "General, I made another mistake; but as soon as I found out, I
                                                    released the man."                    He knew what I was doing; and after one such

                                                    meeting, he said, "Phil, Mrs. Dasher and I would like to have you

                                                    come to our villa for drinks and dinner. . She wants to meet you."

                                                    (This Was his quiet stamp of approval.)

                                                            After about 20 or so such arrests, the Soviets stopped


                                              !-1   sending NKVD agents into my area.

                                                    doing.
                                                                                                                  They realized what I was

                                                                 It must have set back their timetable for the takeover of.

                                                    Italyi fiem miff rsieo 7/41--;


                                                                 /    qA5 /4057- igg0t/0                      Ofi. r/             r,t               re) h./I/ C e-

                                                     'I     0 0/4r:   UNFa rr            dec.    A A C A AAg sf7. co tie Ai/r; ./               gt,V chiA fr, c'eL

                                                           DAL- jib                 y     2-lioacH7       eivo P GeV oje- ;/.9 1-0               Aeci tvervi sv,51,

                                                     ti r kv                            at' Al      t4."A .4/ .7- JO    L;   P.15. CA ilt,e),     .777-I,e A 7      C
                                                       1
                                                           CAAIY      fit     ow    t.9F //,GNt-3                 ACV.cLr       de/ 7', Cofrt././ A ev eirAl.r 41
                                                     I .
                                                                                                                                     A      '
                                                      ;                                                                        ex..s,gcrc, 4.- 4/circ t o rn
                                                    • 11 .S" Tao            /--/My Ri" GA ifsd ./..S.SS"        eze
                                                                            ,
                                                                             o

ALLIED CONTROL COMMISSION


     My relations with British Military Intelligence were always

excellent.   I was trained in England by British MI-19, and made            0
many close comrades during the fighting at Salerno, Cassino and

Anzio.   I want the reader to note that I refer to British

Military Intelligence as a combat arm.      The guards at my prison

were tough, hard, reliable soldiers.
                                                                            0
     James Angelton, C.I.A., and I Were to meet and cross swords

several times during the balance of my military career.           Soon

after James Angleton's meeting with the.British Foreign Office

visitors,(among them Kim Philby) I noticed a change in my
                                                                            -0
relationship with the British and discovered control of most
                                                                            0
intelligence had reverted away from the War Office to the Foreign           C)

Office, and so was no longer vested in the military.                 0
                                                         Witica AungiA9
put my finger on certain events which were taking place, be4?A-r.a.m 0
 OR TO TAU' ACTiog ANEAA or firtr,
gettling.ahead,oftmy--fleey.

     Brigadier Edmund Lowe, a fine British officer and gentleman,

w-dr=-hisize Deputy Commander of Rome Area Command!     We was a Veteran
of many battles and had been wounded in his right elbow.         He held

his pipe at a strange angle; and when he began to puff hard, I

would stay quiet.    My day-to-day operations were with him.       Being

d.former intelligence officer, fortunately he took me under his

wing as a student.    We became close friends..       I used to accompany

him on his morning walks.     Once I asked the old Scotsman,'.

"Brigadier, there is a saying that true Scotsmen never wear

anything under their kilts."     He answered, "Don't believe it,
00
                                                                                                                         dyi


00000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                            :11   Son; it can get awfully cold down there!"

                                                       An event transpired which clearly reveals how fortunate I

                                                  was to have such a man over me in the chain of command.      One day

                                                  he sent for me.    There were two officers sitting in his office,

                                                  one a British Brigadier and the other an American Brigadier

                                                  General, both from the Allied Control Commission.   As I walked

                                                  in, the United States Brigadier General pointed to me and said,

                                                  "Get rid of him!"

                                                       Brigadier Lowe spoke calmly, "Why, and on what grounds?"

                                                       They began:


                                                       01.   "He is interfering with our control of the Italian
                                                             Government. He wrote a critical report in much detail
                                                             outlining that we were hindering instead of helping.

                                                       02.   He wrote another critical report of us concerning the
                                                             Italian Police. Again in much detail, he says we did
                                                             nothing to reestablish the forces of law and order. He
                                                             has interfered by training them and even supplies arms
                                                             and tear gas. We call them, and they have the gall to
                                                             say, 'Clear it with Corso., (I swear I saw a smile
                                                             flicker over Brigadier Lowe's face.)

                                                       #3.   He has done the same for the Italian carabiniere.     And
                                                             he claims we did nothing to help them.

                                                       #4.   Their Customs Service takes orders from him.

                                                       #5.   The Italian Military Intelligence takes orders from
                                                             him.

                                                       #6.   He has suppressed free and democratic growth of
                                                             political parties.

                                                       #7.   He has even interfered with freedom of the press."


                                                       Brigadier Lowe took the so—called charge sheet, handed it to

                                                  me and said, "Here, Son, -explain it to these gentlemen."
            Charge #1.      "My source is the Prime Minister of Italy,
                            Alcido De Gasperi. He won't deny any part of
                            the report. Please feel free to call him.

            Charge #2.      The source is the Chief of Police, Ferrari
11
F;
 /43                        Again, he won't deny any part of it. Yes, I
                            did furnish some captured arms, tear gas,
                            etc. The bulk of the money for arms came
                            from the sale of destroyed Allied and Nazi
                            tanks, armored cars, trucks, etc., which        C)
F-c                         Chief Ferrari was wise enough tilmther and
                                                                            C)
                            sell for junk.
                                                                            C)
            Charge #3.      My source, the Commanding General of the
                            Carabiniere.                                    C)
                                                                            C)
            Charge #4.      I have used 12 custom guards since we came
                            into Rome. They are valiant men, and the        C)
                            Commanding Officer of the Customs Service is    C)
                            proud of our affiliation.
                                                                            C)
            Charge #5.      The Italian intelligence was in disarray, low
                                                                            ()
                            morale and lacking in pride. I helped
                            reorganize them. They are now proud men and     C)
                            loyal to us.
                                                                            0
            Charge #6.      Yes, I did suppress so—called democratic        0
                            political parties, namely, the communist.   I
                            captured all their arms when they were          ()
                            threatening revolution.                         C)
            Charge #7.      Suppressed free press — No; mity suppressing    C)
                            the irresponsible press — Yes."
                                                                            ()
                                                                            C)
            "Gentlemen, when our combat troops left Rome, we couldn't
                                                                            C)
       defend ourselves.   I had to stabilize, strengthen and use the

       Italian forces to protect you and your installations which, I am

       proud to say, not one has been touched."

            Brigadier Lowe at this point reached over and took the sheet

       from me and said, "Gentlemen, not only do I approve everything my

       Chief of Security and Intelligence has written and done, but I

       also endorse.his actions.   If there is any getting rid of, begin

       with me."
     The next morning he called me into his, office and handed me

a dispatch he was sending to the War Office.    It began by

addressing the two officer's from Allied Control Commission:

     "Gentlemen, since I am not in the habit of letting an event

such as transpired in my office yesterday be forgotten, I had my

secretary take down the proceedings.    I am sending you each a

copy of the dispatch I have sent to the War Office."

     On the way out, as we were going down the corridor, I said,

"Brigadier, it seems as if you are always pulling me out of

trouble."     His answer was typical, "Son, we can handle trouble;

as long as everyone is sniping at you, you are doing a good job.

What I couldn't handle is you doing nothing; then I will get rid

of you."

     A sequel to this story happened a few months later.      This

time, I had expected it and was ready for the attack.     The

Italians had been warning that British Embassy personnel had been

asking questions on my relationship with Italian Fascist Generals

and other high-ranking Fascist officials.

     It appeared to me that these inquiries began soon after the

Foreign Office personnel visit to Jim Angleton, the C.I.G. Chief.

I gave the communist angle little thought; because, although Kim

Philby was one of .them, I didn't know of his communist

connection.    He must have known I had Created havoc with

cb.mmunist plans in Italy.

     During this period, I began more and more to hear the words

"White socialist."    This term was a puzzle to me, since I had not

grown up in thp university atmosphere that had spawned the

American socialist's including the American Red socialist
•
t
                                                                                Ca:H
                                                                                 C
                                                                                 ()
          thinkers of my generation.   Italy had various hues of socialists,

          from Pietro Nennifs extreme left pro-Communist Socialist Party,

          to Saragatts right wing Socialist.   Saragat had been recommended

          to me as an honest, decent politician worth talking to.       I

          arranged a conference, and received my first lesson on socialism

          from an expert.   His conclusion:   Elements in the British Foreign

          Office, together with the United States Embassy, are promoting a

          socialist form of government for Italy.     To make it more

          palatable, they call it "White" socialism.    They are promoting

          that socialism is closer to communism; and, therefore, they

          understand better how to counter them. In Rome, he said, "You are

          in the way.   Be careful!"   Now I understand the rumors that some

          serious actions were planned against me and some of my men.

                   The case against me was being compiled by an ex-Major
    Sri
          in the British Embassy, now a civilian Foreign Service Officer.

          The plan was simple but effective.   The, charge went and was

          passed to make it appear as high-level information:

                         Foreign Office

                              to

                          British Theater Commander

                             to

                          United States Theater Commander

                              to

                         United States G-2 at Allied Force Headquarters


                          Note:    The United States G-2 at AFHQ had just
                                   taken over from Brigadier General Smith,
                                   with whom I was on the best of terms.
             This was the best time to strike a new General, who didn't

        know me and knew little about operations in Rome.     General

        Dasher called me to his office, and Brigadier General Howard was

        sitting there.   He said, "The British have accused you of

        releasing a Fascist General and want you relieved."

             I answered, "General Howard, I have arrested and released

        many Fascists, and among them military officers, including

        Generals.   I have written copies .of all my arrests and releases.

        The Fascists are no longer a threat and have not been for years.

        Except for some small neofascist groups, who are no more than a

        nuisance, they are gone for good.   This is a poor excuse on why

        the British want me out.   Furthermore, I resent the accusations."
t; .
             At this point, General Dasher hit his fist on the table in

        anger and shouted, "If they make any accusations against my G-2,

        make them prove it."

             General Howard was startled.   In a week he called back and

        said, "Forget it."

             Now it was my turn. I went to the British Embassy and

        confronted the ex-Major.   I threw a bunch of sworn statements on

        his desk.   "There is a statement from your ex-chauffeur and every

        black marketeer he sold British supplies to, which you stole; and

        there is a compilation of how much motley you made.   Now, go ahead

       'and compile another phony report on me."

             At this point, I decided to take out another insurance

        policy.   I walked down the hall to the ex-Major's boss.   A guard

        was at his door; I pushed him out of the way and walked in.     The

        Foreign Office civilian arose and said, "I have no business with
                                                                                                            ()
                                                                                                            ()
     you!"     I answered, "That's right, but let me give you some good                                     c)
     advice.      If any of my men fall off the top of a building, you and

     some of yours will fall off.                  Leave mine alone, and I will leave 8
     yours alone."
                                                                                                            0
           I turned and walked out.                  A truce must have been declared.
                                                                                                            C)
     We never had another problem.                   A socialist Italy had to wait.                         C)
           I had twitched the,lion's .tail, and I began to feel like the 8

     fighter pilot who is solo, sees an enemy squadron and dives in
                                                                                                            C)
     alone and scatters them, destroying some in the surprise.                                  I told
     Franco, the Customs Lieutenant, who was driving and one of the                                         0
     best men I had, "Franco, drive by the communist headquarters.                                      I   C)
                                                                                                            C)
     want to twitch the bear's tail."                    Also, I walked into a room in
                                                                                                             C)
     which there were about a dozen men.                      I pointed to their Chief,                     .()
     sitting at the desk, and said, "I hear you are planning to harm

     some of my men! Don't! You won't live to enjoy your victory.

     Leave mine alone!"            I turned and walked out.                 Not a word was.
                                                                                                            0
     spoken.     I thought, "Fools go where angels fear to tread."
                          /   tWo t/ 6717 vil/A       /'A'2T Cf fl tr            /2 A s                     0
                                                                                                 41/ 1 A 7/0#
     '9mre:5    A15 PC .5-a CA/ 7- ii/i/ CS . ES s          vow,/ / /10 /4 tr4 7WS7 /we/Jr
         A Cr,      ti//S   WAS A Di L. /8 64•A 7          11/13    /0 c 7--/ a Al / w.As .4/0
                                                                                                Evis4exvio
                Gc, dor /or       shy/  s  raie   ft-/-Akt/      //t/  M     brsv       /•vdv                 O
                                                                      A 0/6       .0.1 IV) lief 7. ../14 1 /et
      1.0v104 /r einto / 7- 11.#14.,                      .4//i"b

              zoo If a AGA- /      /1-C A 1:001.1 oho                  p4 A w/ eR OUGHT. A&01,7
      As
            TRA,vs.f aR/LiArield 7.AKC An'AR/TA6s" OF rn

11      c/a 0,7.-_,efies, (mins.,/        fsc i MY CUSTP#S
                                                                    4.1A1)
                                                                             a de4 sie Ds,/
                                                                                                  jus
                                                                                                       r AA?
                                                                                                       E DL sL)
                    Afibic; AIM ot/RAS • A dvp oe'rriv
                                                                            ri/5    Iv   /fl(:)
       Tr AA
       4tir       c o its 041471404i OAS 1 eV    e":    I- -S        /1 a,va / AI i2y /z)                 s
             fl y
        Acritnis
           Alzdialast-r-Jauat--Tize45=1-we4f-rtn.JmeperSAJaut         eire -awaA.tatu.em4**s,
     a.kezia,Hrter-e-Tttrali-ar-Re-l-i-c-e7.-
                                           -and    a-l-Lanz-M4-1.4.tre,   IHLelligsa-er: •

     41f4reetre-4in4ar         miniintl-;   Time after   time, on my orders they
     went after my enemies and theirs at gunpoint,                   men of courage to
     whom we awarded numerous United States medals of freedom.                       To

     this day, when I look back, I am sure that among themselves, they

     must have assigned two men and an officer                to protect me.       Every
     raid I went on, two of them always flanked me, and the officer

     was always at my side and would step in front of me when the

     shooting began.       They knew the respect I had for them and they

     reciprocated. in kind.         T:nfass                               -hare—fegirateal
                                                       anRcusimie.11 / ill./$7r/e.efrp
                                            -thireteat--
     itSaltStstatitenabitftritilt=isna-sis.a.
 ,     Many of the actions I tottfn the name of security, 001-/ 4a)

bolstereFthe Italian security forces and government.                       This
infuriated the communists.             Forty-five days after my departure
from Italy, On !larch 15, 1947, the communists published a four

column attack on me on April 30, 194.7, in their newspaper._
                                                  had threatened
 °Unita." I knew this was coming and previously
                                                word omangere l n to
 thair editor with arrest.. T used the Italian
                                                         published it while I was
 eat, and suggested he would eat it if he
                                                             nal
 Chief of Allied Intelligence. / Selling) 1*014 P-TO or rift

"radt/entsr n PAP l-Ag ir kiliG nari A:FLa       1-4 rd dibie 411117 Sleds/ in
 mor/I ci Chl ifige             nig    /3,040 5s- nAiric it - / WAS ants?
                                       CHAPTER VI


                                       THE VATICAN


           The Vatican is a sovereign state within a sovereign country,

      and it was completely in my area.        My relations with the Holy See

      ran from proper to good, to excellent.         With Pope Pius XII and

      Monsignor Montini, Acting Secretary of State, and later pope Paul

      /Vc it was proper.        With Commandatore Belardo, the civilian

      equivalent of the Secretary of State, it was proper.         With

      Monsignor McGeough and Monsignor Carroll of the American College,

      it was excellent.        And there was Monsignor O'Flaherty, the

      remarkable and incomparable man who ran the underground of

      refugees and allied prisoners of war during the Nazi occupation.

      He was portrayed by Gregory Peck in the movie, "The Scarlet and

      the Black."   I cannot put a label on my relationship with this

      amazing individual.        We were the closest and best of friends. I
7.7
      admired him for his daring and exploits under the Gestapo's nose,

      and I believe he respected me because of my methods of operation.

      Is shown in the movie, he was an excellent golfer and loved to

      play.   Two of my C.I.C. officers were good golfers, and I was the
                           4
      worst of the lot.        We played for fifty cents a hole.   O'Flaherty

      dlways won.   Many times when he made a good putt, the tall, lanky

      Irishman had to pick his money up off the green where we would

      throw it.   He would get a big kick out of it and mock us as bad

      losers.   We could only rattle him one way.        When he was ready to

      tee off, the three of us would line up stiffly, shoulder to
  shoulder and quietly and, motionless, stare at him.     He would put
  his club-down.   "So, you three poor excuses for soldiers think

  that lining up in formation can put the devil's hex on me."     Then

  he usually got off a booming shot.    He always won from us.    Then

  we would go to the C.I.C. Headquarters for a drink and dinner.

  We would always get him into a poker game and win our money back.

 He would say, "I always lose.     I suspect that you three are

 cheating me, but I can't catch you sneaky intelligence officers."

 I would tell him, "Monsignor, we wouldn't think of cheating a man

 of the cloth."    He always gave back a wisecrack.   This, in his

  best Irish brogue.

      It was a privilege and an honor to get to know and become a

 friend of the great man with a heart of gold and the courage of a

 lion.   We sat for hours discussing his underground operation.

 Jew or Gentile, white or black, soldiers of every army -- all

  were the same to him, and he snatched them from the Gestapo and

 kept them safe.     Mike Stern, an American newspaperman and head of

 the "Correspondents Association" in Rome, who had helped me get

 rid of United States communist newsmen, once asked me for the

 story on O'Flaherty's underground.    I told him, "Mike, you are a

-.good friend of mine and I am obligated to you.    I will give you

 stories, but I can't betray this confidence because it might have

 to be used again.     The communist bear is lurking in the

. background."   We had one brief encounter which, in the end,

 O'Flaherty won.   I had a system whereby I went to the

 International !Red Cross and for $200 bought an identity.    I would

 search their files for the identity of a dead or missing person

swho:fitted ona. of.my agents.   I would buy the identity and a
                       ,
        passport.    For another $100 I would get a visa from a South

        American country.    The agent assumed the identity and name.     It
        was very effective.
                                                                                    a
             The Vatican was using the same pattern to send select Nazis

        to South America, using Genoa as the port of departure.     I               a
        confronted Monsignor O'Flaherty.    He smiled and said, "I wondered

        how long it would take you to find out."   I answered, "You know I

        am going to halt this practice."   In his best Irish brogue, he
Ft,
        said, "I know you well, and I don't think you will.     I have an

        obligation to these men.    They risked their lives daily, and they

        have saved the lives of many refugees and even your American

        soldiers.    They were my informants in the Gestapo.   When the

        Gestapo found one of my hiding places, I was always warned; the

        occupants were gone.    Never was the Gestapo able to create an

        incident with the Church.    We know how you protect those who risk

        their lives for you! Do you want me to do any less?"

             I got up and said, "okay, okay.    You win again, But I will

        keep taking your money at poker even if I have to cheat.        But,

        there is one condition.    Let me know when you send them out."        He

        consented.

             An interesting note:    Monsignor O'Flaherty told me his

        greatest problem was the protest of allied officers being hidden

        together with enlisted soldiers.    Over a drink he once said, "Can

        'you imagine?   I had no room to separate them."   I laughed, and he

        said, "It wasn't funny at the time."

             My Jurisdiction extended to the Vatican walls.     One of my

        first actions' was to take down any barriers that the Germans had

        erected, and to allow free and unrestricted access to the


  ill
           Vatican.     No demonstrations were allowed.   The communist began
     11I   harassing priests and even publishing cartoons and circularlis of

           priests in bed with lovers, etc.    I put a stop to this practice

           and notified the communists that I would come down hard on them

           if it continued.

                One of the most perplexing problems with the Vatican was

           that of priests accepting missions from the Germans to cross the

           line.    We had announced that if they gave themselves up, they

           would not be held; but those who failed to turn themselves in

           were arrested.     A priest in my prison was an annoying situation.

           Each arrest necessitated a discussion with Monsignor Montini,

           acting Secretary of State.     I would go to his office in the

           Vatican.    The Swiss guards knew me, and saluted smartly as I

           would enter and drive through the gate to the left of St. Peter's

           Church and circle up through the Vatican gardens to the top

           floor.     Monsignor Montini and I would meet in a beautifully

           decorated reception room with a map of the world -on the wall

           showing the Apostolic Nuncios.     There were usually only a table

           and two chairs in the office.    The meetings were always with only

           him and me present.

                Invariably, the decision was that I would deliver the

           incarcerated priest to Church authorities.     Usually this was a

           cloistered abbey; and the agreement was that the priest could not

           leave the abbey as long as we were in Rome.     During one such
C)                The Abbott invited me to tour the abbey, and I accepted.
C)                                              •
C)         I was most impressed by one large room. Row upon row of monks

C)         were sitting on high stools, each at a high desk.     All in
C)         silence.    I asked the monk what they were doing.   He said,
CD
C)
CD
C)
C)
"Recording all the world's languages, past and present, for

posterity."

     Occasionally, I would call late at night; and it was

arranged that I would enter through a side door.    During these

meeting, I would wear civilian clothing and would meet such                0
people as Baron Von Wiezacker, the German Ambassador, Ken Harada,

the Japanese Ambassador, or other diplomats and former Italian

officials given sanctuary in the Vatican.

     Somehow, I may have violated some of their rules.    At times,

I entered wearing my gun and knife under my coat, but mostly I

remembered and left them in my car.   Monsignor O'Flaherty, the

underground and refugee leader, knew I carried weapons.     Once

sitting at a desk in his office, I took them off and placed them

on his desk and said, "Monsignor, these have become tart of my

uniform; -and at times you have to forgive me if I forget and

violate your sanctuary, but they are for your protection as well

as mine, to keep dangerous, Godless killers from your walls."

He answered, "We know that, we know what you have done and pray

for you, and thank God that he sent you here.    Someday, you will

discard these weapons and lead a long and peaceful life.       I am

proud to tell you that the Holy Father knows all about you."

(Pope Pius XII received me in three private audiences.)    I

extended my hand and said, "Thank you, Monsignor, my friend."         He

took it in both of his large hands.

     Although I had no jurisdiction within tlie Vatican walls, any

entry into the Vatican had to cross my security areas.     Any

disturbance or demonstration had to take place in'Rome, but I did

not allow any such moves against the Holy See.    In the early
                                                                                                                              Cff

                                                      days, the communists and left-wing socialists were physically


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                      attacking priests, so I put a stop to this activity and came down

                                                      hard on the perpetrators.    The ultra-left-wing newspapers began

                                                      editorials attacking priests and nuns with pornographic cartoons

                                                      and scurrilous stories. I put a quick stop to this with threats

                                                      to the editors of "Produce the evidence or go to jail."    The

                                                      President of the United States,' Special Representative to the

                                                      Vatican, the Messieurs Titman and Cowan, agreed with me; and we

                                                      became close friends.

                                                           Although not officially, technically the Vatican did fall

                                                      within my security screen.   My terms of reference and orders did

                                                      not include the Vatican; but my men and I, with tacit consent of

                                                      my General, assumed responsibility for their security, because

                                                      acts against the Vatican could affect our safety.

                                                           The Secretariat of State had a civilian equivalent to

                                                      Monsignor Montini; his name was Commendatore Belardo.    He was in

                                                     Th is sixties, and was the continuity when changes occurred in the

                                                      position of Secretary of State.    After my visits began, Belardo

                                                      would invariably ask me if I wanted to tour certain areas of the
                                              4,4
                                                      Vatican.   For example, one whole afternoon was taken in.a private

                                                    , tour and explanation of the Vatican treasures.   He was an expert

                                                      and explained the details to me.   These tours and explanations

                                                      went on for yearh.   After one session, Belardo said, "Senor

                                                      torso, workmen were repairing a wall, and they discovered a

                                                      Painting behind the outer wall done on an inner wall.     No

                                                      outsider has seen it; you will be the first if you so desire."      I

                                                      said, "Please, may I see it?" It was a beautiful painting.

                                                      Belardo said, "We believe it to be done by one of the great
          masters, possibly Cellini or Michelangelo.     It will be studied

          before we announce this great discovery."

I]             "Pieta," Michelanglo's great statue, had been walled in to

          protect it from any bombing.    The day it was uncovered, I was

          invited to the unveiling or de-walling.     At every special

          function, I was always invited and sat in the diplomatic section.

               The Vatican treasure tours were most interesting, but for me

          the highlight was the tour of the Sistine Chapel and Belardo's
15        explanation of each fresco.    Cellini's mosaics also were

          fascinating.   They even researched my family tree and gave me my

          family coat of arms.   I felt many times that I was a most

          fortunate individual to be put in a position to be treated as an

          honored guest and friend.    Perhaps they recognized that through

          me they would be better understood.     Upon my return to the

          Pentagon in 1947, I wrote the only report that had ever been

          compiled by intelligence and placed in the Pentagon reference

          files.

               Often during conferences, the Monsignors and Bishops would

          look at each other and smile when I would throw back.at them

         .words and phrases they had used months before.    After all, they

         3 were experts in the mind.- thought process.   I think they knew me

          better than I knew myself.

               However, everything was- not always rosy or buddy - buddy.      I

          once had a heated discussion with Monsignor Montini (later Pope

          Paul VI) and acting Secretary of State, over two Gestapo officers.

         'hiding'in the Vatican.   Although he was noncommittal.   I did get

     .    an anonymous phone call on my personal phone, telling when they

         • were leaving the Vatican.    Many discussions centered around the
00000000000
                                          operations of the Vatican Bank, especially in dealings in United

                                    2     States Postal Money Orders and script.      I don't think it ever

                                          stopped, but it was curtailed.

                                               But, we had two irritants which were never settled or agreed

                                          upon.    One was when I traced some false intelligence along, with

                                          maps, to the Vatican that the Yugoslays were going to invade

                                          Italy.    I told them that even if their purpose was to make us

                                          aware of the communist danger to Italy, their method and approach


 00000000000000000000000000000000
                                          was so unprofessional that, in a way, it was an insult to my

                                          Intelligence.    (I never saw any feeling of remorse or received an

                                          apology.)

                                               The second irritant was the Vatican newspaper, Osservatore

                                          Romano.    I told them I was having enough problems with the

                                          irresponsible Italian press and the editorials of the communist

                                          papers which could lead to anarchy, and some of their stories and

                                          editorials could well have been written by the Unita communist

                                          editors.     Visibly, they didn't like this comparison.

                                               The French had Black African soldiers whom we knew as

                                          "Goums."     They were considered just about the best "assault"

                                          troops in the world.    They were fierce fighters and swept

                                        ... everyone before them, though they did not differentiate between

                                          enemy troops and.civilians, and took few prisoners.       Once they
                                                             4
                                          took a position, they would not hold it and had to be pulled from

                                          the lines.    They were the best African troops.   The French

                                          officers wore the same robe.    Discipline was. severely strict.

                                          Disobeying ,an order meant instant death.    The French officers

                                          would shoot the soldier on the spot.    They had their own

                                          concubines who were kept in locked, barred vans.     Every so often
                                                                               ,0

       we would get circulerds that Fatima so and so had escaped, was

       diseased and should be approached and returned to the French

       headquarters.    While on the attack, their motto was "Kill!    Kill!
      Kill!", often accompanied by excesses on the civilian population.

       This often happened during an attack.

            The British had the highly - trained, deadly "Gurkhas."

      They had to comb their long hair every evening.    They carried, it

      was said, five curved knives in the tail of their tunic.    Once,

       while visiting a British camp, a "Gurkha" was on guard.    AS I

      approached, the guard reached back and drew a knife.     I went for

       my pistol.   'My British escort began to laugh as the "Gurkha"

       brought the knife up vertically before his face in a salute.      I

       was embarrassed as I returned the salute.    These remarkable

      troops used to go on patrols for a week or ten days at a time

       behind German Eines.   They struck terror in the hearts of the

      Germans, and they roamed only at night.    To prove they had done a

       good job, they brought back ears and noses.
:J1

 L.
            The Osservatore Romano lumped them with the "Goums" as

      savages loosed on the countryside and an unsuspecting Italian

      people.   I protested in writing and in face - to - face meetings.

      One such encounter became quite heated when one of the Monsignors

      said these trot:gig were guilty of atrocities and that the printed

      storieS were true.    I answered angrily, "Atrocities, you say? I

      :have seen these troops attack valiantly in the face of heavy

      German fire.     I have seen them strewn on the battlefield, dead,

       wounded, gnd blown to bits by German artillery fire and mortars.

      They died to' rid Italy of the Nazis.    They didn't ask to come

       here, but they fought and died for what you believe.    Yes, some
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                      of the stories are true, but why don't you print that I saw

                                                      American soldiers tied to tanks of the attacking Hermann Goering

                                                      S.S. Panyzer Division?     Our soldiers for weeks after this refused

                                                      to take prisoners.    Those boys, tied to those tanks, didn't ask

                                                      to come here and die.     Why don't you print that story that we

                                                      took no prisoners and inflame the people against the Americans?

                                                     I am not so much interested in the content of the story, but what

                                                     it might cause.     Confiscating your paper will only highlight the

                                                     situation.     I am faced with a most volatile situation at the

                                                     moment.    The communists are quick to take advantage of situations

                                                      that you are helping to create.      They are picking up your

                                                     stories.    There is talk of a revolution.      They have arms stored

                                                      everywhere.     If they move before I do, there will be bloodshed

                                                      and destruction.    Your priests, nuns and installations will be

                                                     caught in such a revolution.      Many of my soldiers, Italian

                                                     police, Italian Army and civilians will die.        Their deaths may

                                                      not be on your conscience, but they will be on mine; because I

                                                     did not take every measure to stop any incitement which could

                                                     lead to riots and killing."      I certainly laid it all on the line.

                                                     But why not?     That's the way I felt.
                                              •fl
                                                           Perhaps I overreacted, but I was angry and possibly rude.           I

                                                     got up, turned rig back and walked out of the room.        There was a

                                                      deadly silence.
                                                    '    TY iSk    t.14 At PPIENOSt Adf Per iffs /YpES 10 ne DISM'A'VED. Ham   Hit maro
                                                    :       A few days later, with the help of the Chief of Police of

                                                     Italy, the Italian Military Intelligence, Carabiniere and my men,

                                                     I struck bard.     We captured or destroyed all the hidden arms,

                                                     neutralized the arsenals, arrested the perpetrators and

                                                     eliminated those who chose to resist.       Talk or rumors of a
       revolution abruptly came to a halt, and untiltI left:Italy there

       was no more talk— of a violent communist—takeover.of—the

       government.

            Shortly after, I received a call from the American College

       inviting me to dinner.    The table setting was most elegant,

       crystal glasses, fine china and beautifully designed silverware.

       The Bishop sat at the head of the table.     My two American

       friends, Monsignor McGeough and Monsignor Carroll, were present

       with other dignitaries.    The food would have done justice to any

       of the world's five star restaurants.     The wine was the finest

       and the after dinner drinks were the best.     I clearly saw that

       this was a fence — mending invitation.     I played the part and

       clearly let it be understood that I was among friends and with

       people who I greatly respected and admired.     A few days later, I

       received a notice from the Head of the Ceremonial that the Holy

       Father wished to receive me in private audience.    This was the

       third time.     Pope Pius XII was most gracious and again asked

       about my family.   This time he blessed my family and my wife and
                                                                   o' i
       said we would have a long and full life together. (Forty fi-vc
                        weaL
L1     years lat—er we a3'e-94*n happily married.)

            The next day I received a call from Colonel Gene Morena, the

       head of the C.I.C.    He asked me to come to dinner at the

       headquarters.    When I arrived, Monsignor O'Flaherty was there.

     ' He had brought bottles of a good vintage wine and proposed      "A

       toast to his American friends, especially their leader."       Later,

       when we were leaving, the Monsignor left with me.    I said,

       "Monsignoi-,.I am sorry I got angry and crude, and bad mannered

       with your people."     He answered, "Filippo, (he had never called
000000000
                                      "Ti
                                             me by my first name) you neverlhave asked anything for yourself;

                                             and when it comes to the welfare and lives of your men, and even

                                             us in the Church, you are uncompromising even if your life is at

                                             stake.     For this reason, you have won the respect of us all,

                                             including the Holy Father."    I was most proud to hear these

                                             words.     I fought our enemies with the gun and knife; he used his


 0000000000000000000000000000000000
                                             courage and faith to defeat them.    I was bursting with pride to

                                             hear these words from a man who I considered the bravest of the

                                             brave.

                                                  As we were getting in our cars, he said, "God has chosen you

                                             for a long and fruitful life.    Your country will be proud of

                                             you."    I looked up at him and I don't know why I said,

                                             "Monsignor, if I am a chosen one, why won't God let me beat you

                                             at the game of golf?"    He stopped, began to laugh; I think I saw

                                             a tear in his eye, and this great man without saying a word, came

                                             over and embraced me like I was a small child.

                                                  I began to receive letters from the Holy See on Vatican

                                             stationary which read:

                                                         The Holy Father in his mission of mercy wishes to
                                                         intercede for --- (followed by prisoner's name)

                                                  These letters were extremely disturbing.      I asked for a

                                             conference.    It was granted at the American College at the

                                             Vatican.    Present were my two friends, Monsignor McGeough and

                                             Monsignor Carrol.    4..Bishop presided.   In my best and supposedly

                                             most eloquent manner., I began (I placed the letters on the

                                             table),    "I allow a priest of your choosing to go into my prison

                                             to administer to the spiritual needs of the prisoners.      These

                                            • .letters are an obvious violation of a trust.    I should arrest

                                             your prieSt--since he is jeopardizing the lives of my people.
                                                                        0 78

      have violent and dangerous agents in the prisons.     Often, I have
      caught only one or two members of a sabotage ring.     I cannot
      chance that it becomes known to the others, not in custody, that

      I have caught some of them.   The others might flee or commit acts

      which could result in many deaths.   It appears that your priest's

      actions are governed by his heart and not his head.     If it

      doesn't stop, I will lock him up incommunicado with the others."

      The Bishop, at this point, interceded and said, "We didn't

      realize, but you have my personal word of honor, it will stop."

           I was then invited to dine with them.     At the table, I told

L 1   the Bishop,that I wished to discuss the letters; I continued, "I

      wish to assure you that if a prisoner is guilty, no pressure or

      intercession will get him released; however, if a man is

      innocent, I give you my word, I will release him immediately.

      You know how I treat my prisoners, at times harsh, at time

      perhaps you wouldn't approve.   But I have to keep diseipline,

      since I am often dealing with the dregs of humanity.     Ldon't

      like it, but so it is.   We do not deal in torture or inhumane

      methods.   I promise you this will continue.   This promise is

      coupled with my word and personal honor while 1 am in command."

      The Bishop looked at me and said, "Corso, we know this; and your

      friends here, •Monsignors' McGeough and Carroll, swear by you and

      would stake their lives on your word. Now, let's enjoy our

      dinner, and we will all toast our honored guest."

           I must say, and I would be lying if I didn't add that I was

      flattered.

           On a trip to Sicily, where I escorted some top Vatican Nazi

      diplomats accredited to the Vatican, to Taormina for internment,
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                              I was accompanied.by Monsignor McGeough.     To show how little I

                                              knew of what motivated these men, I asked the Monsignor, '"When

                                              are you going to get promoted to Bishop?"    (I was thinking like a

                                              military officer.)

                                                     His answer was, "On no, I never want to be a Bishop and be

                                              responsible for so many more souls."    I was embarrassed to think,

                                              I know so little about how such men live and think, and he must

                                              have thought what a stupid question from a supposedly intelligent

                                              man.

                                                     As time passed, my faux pas must have been overlooked

                                              because soon after the war, the Vatican convened their first

                                              consistory in many years, in order to make new Cardinals.      I was

                                              invited as an honored guest.    At the reception, I was told to

                                              await for Monsignor McGeough, who was the Chief organizer.        When

                                              he arrived, he asked me to wait as he wanted to take me through

                                              the reception line of the new American Cardinals. The first in

                                              line was the new and great Cardinal Spellman of New York.      To my

                                              great surprise    he took me in as - the first guest and introduced

                                              me to Cardinal Spellman with these words, "Your Eminence, this is

                                              the American I spoke to you about.    He has done more for the

                                              Church in these troubled times than any other man in Italy."        I

                                              think for the .first time in my life I was speechless.    I did

                                              nothing special, only my job; but they must have thought

                                              otherwise.

                                                     With this introduction, began .a lifetime of friendship with

                                              his Eminence Cardinal Spellman.    During my tour on the White

                                              House Staff, I had the privilege of the counsel of this wise man

                                              on a constant basis.    Until this writing, I have never revealed
        this fact.   Monsignor Montini, later Pope Paul VI, was Acting

        Secretary of State; because the position was being held for

        Cardinal Spellman, who never took the position.    He, along with

        high Vatican officials, decided he would be more valuable to the

        Church in New York, and he possibly gave up his chance to become

        Pope.   Remembering my question and answer from Monsignor McGeough

        during our many meetings, I never dared to ask Cardinal Spellman

        the same question of becoming Pope.   What answer would he have

        given me?"   that he "Didn't want to be responsible for so many

        more souls."    I will never know.

             Three times during my stay in Rome, I was invited to private

        audiences with Pope Pius XII.   On each occasion I would be
l;f1.

        ushered into a large room.   The light shown through sheer white .

        silk drapes.    The Pope would enter; I would kiss his ring and he,

        in English, would inquire about my family.    He would then thank

        me for coming and depart.

             I asked my liaison officer, "Why does he send for me and

        then we go through the same thing each time?"     My liaison

        officer, Captain Mario Bolaffio, would then say. "Phil, don't you

        realize what an honor he is paying you?   People from all over the

        world, even the high and mighty, would give anything for such an

        audience alone, just you, and the Holy Father. It is his way

        of recognizing and thanking you for something you have done.

            I thought, am I no more than a 28 year old, stupid hick from

        a small town?    When I think back, how could I have been so

        unsophisticated and ignorant?    An honor few people have the

        opportunity to live through, and I didn't know any better.

             Pope Pius XII was attacked for supposedly his lack of action
                                                                                ,,0


      in the Ardentine massacre case.    Some went so far as to blame

      him.    This was a scurrilous attack on a wonderful man.   I     •

      investigated the massacre.     An Italian street sweeper had a

      powerful bomb in his cart and set it off as a company of marching

      German soldiers approached.    Thirty-two Germans were killed.

      Under international law, the Germans could take, for such events,

      hostages ten to one, which they did and executed the 320 innocent

      civilians who had no part in the deed.    In my investigation, I

     could find no military value tn this action except to‘pfgovoke the

     situation leading to more killings.     I found that the order for

      the bombing cape from out of the country, and was given by

     Ercole-Ercole, the' pseudonym for Palmiro Togliatti, the head of

      the Italian Communist Party.    The blame for the massacre, too,

     should have been laid on his head.

             Years later, perhaps I repaid Pope Pius XII.   The play "The

     Deputy" was laying the blame on him.
C)           Hochhuth's play was well received in most West European
C)
     countries, primarily because it revived interest in an old World
C)
C)   War II issue.    It was not nearly so well received in the United

     States, though there continues to quite an appetite for anything
CD   irelated to Hitler's "Holocaust."    Careful reading of "The Deputy"
C)
C)   does not fully resolve the issue of Papal responsibility for the

C)   deaths of many thousands.     I got tired of the distortions and

     lles, and wrote a long letter to a New York newspaper, which they

     published.    In this letter I said that since I officially
C)
C)   investigated the Ardentine Cave massacre, and I never saw any of

C)   the writers or, directors of the play on my investigative team,
C)   their play was a fabrication, full of lies and distortions.           If
r-     they questioned my word, I challenged them to come forward or lay

       the blame where it rightfully belonged -- on the communists.

      Naturally, no one ever came forward to challenge me.    The
       newspaper stories died down; perhaps Pope Pius XII forgave me for

      my lack of appreciation when he paid me the great honor of

      receiving me in private audience.

            In the mid — 1940's, the Vatican had plans to move to

      Argentina if the communist took over Italy.    I like to believe

      that I upset the communist plans; perhaps this is what Monsignor

      McGeough meant when he said, "I had done more than any other man

      in Italy for the Church."

            Within my limited experience, there is one thing I learned

      during this period.    The Pope has been criticized many times for

      not doing more about the Holocaust.    These accusations puzzled

      me.   What was apparent to me each time I went to the Vatican was

      that the Swiss guards, in their Middle Age costumes, saluted me

      with spears.   The deadly enemy outside the Vatican walls was

      composed of killers and terrorist •armed with the best weapons

      known to the world.    The Pope had only ideological weapons.      I

      was -warned early to fight fire with fire.   The Gestapo, I

     .. -learned, was waiting for an excuse to invade the Vatican.   I

      destroyed the remnants of this deadly menace with weapons and

      fire.   As I was tbld by Chief Ferrari. "Treat them nice, they

      will blow -your head off."   The Jews and other refugees in the

      Vatican remainedisafe.    Contrary to the Biblical saying, "Turn

      ,the other cheek,"   I struck first, then thought about it.    The

      result of our combined efforts, the Vatican is still here in

      Rome; the refugees survived; Rome is a thriving free city; and I
       am still alive. The same applied to the communist menace once
                                                               •
      the Gestapo was gone.. I struck at them, destroyed their plans

      for the takeover of the Italian Government, and stopped NKVD•

      (KGB) agent provocateurs from operating in Rome.

              While paying a visit to the Secretariat of State at the

       Vatican I mentioned that I had information that Tito's communist

       partisans were killing and persecuting priests and seminarians
I]
       and it was going to get worse.      Tito's number two man was running

       the show and he has direct ties to Moscow.      I concluded, "I hate

       to think what will happen to your priest in Yugoslavia if Moshe

       Pijade becomes 21eputy Minister in a Yugoslav communist

     .—'4overnment. • Their methods do not differ much from that of the

       Nazi's,    Religion or human life Means nothing to them.'    The

       ardwer.: got, "We will have to pray that they     ill change."

       answered, 'Monsignor, perhaps over a long period of time your

       method will work, but I don't have time to wait for the devil's

1i     spawn to evolve into decent human beings.     I have to take them at

        face value, and crush them before they destroy me and my

        soldiers.   I am sorry, but I will not turn the other cheek, I

        have been taught to not even let them slap the first cheek.           Mine

        is not a holy war, but a deadly game of kill or be killed.        I

        didn't ask to be here, but here I am, responsible for the

        security of mine and yours."      The Monsignor asked, "How old are

        you?"    I replied,   "28".   I think that was the first time I saw

        an expression of respect or pity, I didn't know which, on his

        face.    Little did I know I was talking to the future Pope Paul

        VI.
                                                             ,                       e:                ;1/.1P               AA/          if if•                                  iM            .11,1• • • •••1                  / •A                         /
                                                    p
                                            IA                         //            ti A CU•'                   i• 1171,1• Lt., ///er,4-11 re 7                                             c"..9                                                                          0

                                           7-1 a C                                                                 /                                                                                                                                                        0
It-?
                                                                             . je tip,                                                                                          :                                    ,
              :..•                                                y,                                                                         A                                                                                                      L,
                                                                                            Z.," 4' 5 .             et            i'!"            / ...0 ci:A3                  2:=                                        9/ 2 A         .'        P:-          f -41,-`
                                                                                                                                         ,
                                          t.7.4       /el              Te 4                            2ty             /              ere irate/                          ve6 At . .Ye,?./0                                               -A              /7,           zro
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               1/
       etty!            :. 1.                                          4'      ,',r                tea"                     .7,-Ve                                      /r,c4-                    J.- • 7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            C?
                                           • 0'•        /I 0`/(:         /ft         el /1/ 6.              k"             Ige               /                                   ett e                                                    Z                                 C)

                                    1.      ,1E 7 >t'1V                                    CI #4.           r-     .8        014 et, Z. C ' 7                                       17                    on

                             eFe..V A/4)                              Cl/ V 47            ,1•• e            A     _r..4,e--c             A 44                           e,1•07A :0••• 7./            1/01•      r.                    - ea.? 7j.r
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (Th

                                            Ye .4/                /                                     ro        fLAW,                          f te-         ev                             e                            /ay.                                   •I‘

       :fle          c,"                          7 i t 44/              /       hi• tf . S S                                     r                                           /9/ 1/ea                         tidr -7       /4                          e
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    g                 •
        c?                           /4"          /-140,C.                                         L             VttN                                    •          1:1       AA. /-1 Aar

             it                 e                                            S        5            c Ow/ .er C                           C                   .‘••                       LAW'                             e"./fit."1-'                1

                                                   I:                 I//.           7          "`           es AI           a         No                /kV                   ••••••    /        LA•                    .:•••/0,1 e • ;•.• %A. ,,•

             ACT                d             t•-• „2.,e,-               At                                                                                                                           o
                                                                                                                                                 1.4-4                    s                                          D
              7/ A                   ,                           7, et           •        (1/          fo        5F              Are     ti'                    A4l F/ 1                     4".1-        X          /

                     41.1L      /".(                      • 0•1 V II -               •V CP               ;I Z. /CC                    7iir"WA                                                                   ,ye; t         .::

               X                tf, !:•      A 4/ 4               CA' ee                                  c",,41A A.4 r ef-                                                                       .... . .
                                                                 ,r4.414                                                                                                &r- <O1€c. cxe)                                           7                  •


                     • -t       Or A/ CO Is                                                        ).•of". .Aettr                                                   .


 IJ
                                                           The conversation continued, "Monsignor, there are priests in .                                                                              16V
                                                       Nazi concentration camps.                                    They are being tortured and killed,


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                       will the Vatican speak up?"                                      He was very candid in his answer,

                                                      "We have received word f                                   m our suffering brethren, not to

                                                      ,protest their treatment because a papal provocation only

                                                      intensifies atrocities and ill treatment."                                                  I answered, "Then the

                                                      only answer is that we destroy them by the force of arms."                                                                   He

                                                      said, "I am afraid so, you and yours are God's swords."                                                                  My reply

                                                      was, "Monsignor, I don't feel like God's sword, but, I assure you

                                                      that any Gestapo, S.S. or NKVD (KGB) that comes in my area will

                                                       not last long, and if he resists, he will not be long for this

                                                      world."

                                                           The Meeting ended and he gave me his blessing.
                                                                                            _


                                                                                                                                                                        TNCvvM            es-4;

                                                                                                  suit'                 cht-s.,. Akneirges-Ai

                                                                      /A1 i c-5 .1         CA k.          7     A     6L/tMS              j2 t< fiFS 11.54     / t.r!    ifra .7 7 r           I t.c

                                              4.31         /47              V"(            00k       A        ..1 1/..41,:fr 6       7WS4    zi 4.1,57-                 kJ 6    4 1:    i .)) .E CC   iseircav
                                                                      2t.                  14-•                ar                    2F   -7/9.a5         CA/ - f" Cdrbt,If I it 4 el     ,-VE:   i.ye.0“    )


                                                           C     It         1'       4-1      e           A 7'1 A' u /7                         4412,4"        fa         .6-X11        P F '

                                                         There were two dangerous SS men who had taken refuge in the
                                                                                                                  'Hi
                                                     Vatican.    I had a meeting with Monsignor,M=A4m-i7=4044ng

                                                     Sgaaetarr:c4Eatabei wiieSbeasbeeeme—                                                   -Ptmt=1-I.       I told him I

                                                     wanted these two criminals.  Monsignor Montini was an enigma. In
                                                                                 //re49)  ROA4LY-1
                                                     my numerous meetings with himkp'neverilbE to know him. He told

                                                     me that the Vatican offered refuge to all.                                                I shot back, "Even to.

                                                     criminals?"

                                                                                                                                 •
                                    _ .                                                                                             0
          A few days  later, I received a call on my private line. A
                                                                                                                                    C)
                    •                                      Vatican side
     voide said two men would be coming out of one of the                                                                           C)
                                                              agents
     ddors.  At the precise time, two of my jeeps with C.I.C.                                                                      ()

Li                                                '
     happened to be passing. We took both of them into
                                                        custody. The                                                                c)
                                                                                                                                    C)
                                                 Wiezacker, protested.
     German Ambassador to the Vatican, Baron Von                                                                                    C)
     But, I stuck to my story.                     It was merelyl coincidence that my men                                          ()
                                                                                                                                    C)
     were passing the gate at the right time.
                                                                                                                                    CD
                                                                                                                                    CD
                                                                                              During the                           ()
      bime I was in Rome I never uncovered any information that                                                                    ()
                                                                                                                                   ()
      Mussolini, despite his many faults, ever turned over Jews to the
                                                                                                                                   ()
      Gestapo or 3.3.           We estimated that there were close to 100,000                                                      ()
      foreign Jews An Italy or under fascist control.                                 In 1942-1943, I                               C)
                                                                                                                                   ()
      found out that the Vatican figure was about 70,000.                                    Tim.pntwisateim
                                                                                                                                    C)
                                                                                                                                    C)
                                                                                                                                    C)
               V7712.= cii/Fir )2)it'ion. r"                      77/4-" vAn c4A1                               ...-./0,4,o fe,
                                                                                                                                   ()

          // CA/ 2 .1/7./.                .17.4=     A-t GA Air   Aot.o Ailvt            /V,I=                                      C

          fr(c:.A/t15b            AS      c Atvicdel 777- A cifhc,          -P/vs      vtrns                    c      7"./Y Er
                                                                                                                                    CD
                                                                                                                                    ()
               c             cAL coti,vc./..,                 C A0V )1      .7.-7:/". DA: G AAA-in ch               GrX         2:Sri()

               / / 1A'cr C/ A   4.4/ 774            7/Ve S/dindi TAZ.       //(se/ /54 6Gr ir         Lieuxiis               flA0 ()

          ,4    7.47 4   72/45.- -170
                                   0,T             C W.0   . r      .7.)1     . 4 EY-/.6.1 414`-c •     f       /    Art,, LF       ()

                                                                                                                                    ()
          7 A/A I - ..71a-      Ita W:5        k"Eine
                                                    -        'tI6cz 7 vnr.         nth n't .          fiVe          mc
                                                                                                                                    ()
          cn vcip/ x dem,              Vet c/r5" .Cs/                4, 7 .COA/edr /VA/ 4F-J0         .0/ S 7 14 /I r .             ()
                                                                  : •   ,

                   AA, 77/ - .“/"/?1   /se,           .                                                     •                       CD
                                                                                                                                    CD
                                                                                                                                    CD
                                                                                                                                    CD
                                                                                                                                    CD
                                                                                                                                    CD
                                                                                                                                    CD
                                                                                                                                    CD
000000000000
                                           rvgal .:4; 6t1 vng irj
                                    14-24-y, Italian controlled parts of Yugoslavia, the Italian

                                    Riviera area and in South France which was occupied by the

                                    Italians.   These were non —Italian Jews.    A high fascist official,

                                    who organized the "Dope Lavoro” and young fascist organizations,

                                    and was in the Vatican, where I met him, told me that Pope Pius

                                    XII was in secret contact with them not to heed Gestapo demands,

                                    to turn the Jews over to Nazi control.      He said that they had to

                                    be careful and make the delayed responses to the Gestapo not an

                                    obvious rebuke, but make it appear as ineptness and inefficiency.

                                    They feared .direct pressure from. Aitler on Mussolini, but.,

                                    fortunately, this never came about-.


 0000000000000000000000000000000
                                         During one of my visits to this official, he said he was

                                    going to lead a new fascist organization to fight the communist.

                                    I told. him, "With what, you have no arms." . Make any disturbances

                                    in Rome and I will lock up all of your followers.     He never did.

                                         Shortly after I met with Vatican officials and they

                                    confirmed his story.   They told me that he had been relieved

                                    after being accused of homosexuality, which they said was not so,

                                    but he was attracted to young girls.    He had asked for one and

                                   .used the word "Maschietto," which could be translated "Tom Boy."

                                        :Pope Pius XII and Vatican officials had decided that open

                                    provocation had to be avoided. Publicity could only lead to

                                    possible irresistible pressure on Mussolini, if Hitler had been

                                    prodded by open dialogue.   I was told that a Rabbi Wise had asked

                                    the Vatican to influence 'Mussolini.   This meant little to me

                                   since. I did not know anything about Rabbi Wise.     I never inquired

                                    into.any more details of the background of the story, but the end

                                    result was that none were turned over to the Gestapo.     My defense
                                        . •
        of Pope'Pius XII, concerning the play, "The deputy," was partly

        based on these facts.
           7.84, rams us AS PAR. As  wAS Cann/ft    LVE46 itif At) %PIS /AKA: rhtg
         Cas Vrillegc numberg became real people when I was asked to make

        possible the move of Jewish refugees from the refugee camp near

        Rome to Taranato in Southern Italy to Israel.
                                 /                L     LGAVE-               TR/ 5        VI s          5" S     M                 Thi6     VA r      CAA"           Ur', 7/1 A             litz ,
        tLLAc.M,L.r                     S re                                 C    nY       rat12 14'              oet          /    I4     4       / 444.E.           ni      A    c,.. L 7 o
        //it"         //4.7Ad          C          CL‘c teg/No.wi..14.5 A3
                                                                        /4 1                 Ate/C A FOC: FCA' A ra                                 4 An' r L. .44' SThrit, e- -TA ;iv
                I p                                    rI//a           A    wte                    CO tee        oev,fr;       Nd r9                4-c     ie, 1       w cz-"z-             A'a A 0       C)
          . r// /4              7214: I th lei V FA THS4                           W ei      Co Al.ce" ,                    tir-S ete,Ess iya                                           d 4, i diz zr . . 0
           I        IVAS             SIAr/onil                     Air      The       /'ØA/TA Go,t)                        411/E4          d've ,41:/-              7 citij   t.e, •         nti,     ,
                                                                                             gAr
               A- / ow ii OP              A A/ Y' VeARS                                   Co.4     Aziffn./o              4Ne1 /4/S            tetAA-tk- so dea AC A                    A'     S ,.(t'
                                             fl Ail
                            e    rincm iggSZ A. filir                                             tlAYS 44=1"?0 , 2a-               tc / 4.r/141,.?

Ti             Te-•
               ! I MP 5 r
               gc r         I
                                       or 52- Amivs:r
                                     al, I-
                                                        A


                                                      /1/CK oLr            eit
                                                                                     POW

                                                                                 C1/41,611 CA AZ /1,0

                                                                                  cl"./Z A /Al L C
                                                                                                                      lib'.

                                                                                                                          ••15.4, 7
                                                                                                                                   /tido
                                                                                                                                                           dr A 777 - 7/71C- PAR

                                                                                                                                               WAS YiLIALLP- nes% Capt.:ars°
                                                                                                                                          1W A•,.5 vo/CS, /id A -CA-1;4 HO
                7          CA PIP' re' 7710 'Ain -lb' //ctS61 1vrf                                                    I     A /2 /e / Vun            Ite . it 4 /          LtA /1.6            /4
                                                                                                                                       0
                In               n A. H fif oIl 7- 11E vAr/C Ad id                                              Wh /c bo                       As*eic Y PA riiEfl                 in- A5 As X re#00
                    MT          at      .rd .1                To                   Not..;"        HAR/CIA a.e.                era RA 7              AN. ,            et/i46.,           tip - HIE At

                    deA rrY                s Aall " Tel/ 5 PASS Pr c/dR WA                                       cr,vois           d           040            / g/t2 Ina! Atgr 'can                       770
;                                                                                                                                                                     p="a4 17/,               rad -aleo
                    Kim d I-V C.L.0                                          /iAld          In c tS S et)                   /4'44                   .VC#,
                                                       /1/e / .95 r
                                                                                 vA r /                         we•-r- 4) rite everscr- fr vapr                                                       Adoro
                      Ye        dr         evr          At-        TnE
    L
                                nAs z_Y                                                AWAll
                                   4r, Srfrtie.; i THIA Ws-4/                                               As."fits- to.vt/i                  wAs Az-A CEO                             r      re, nit
                       ..1/(4,17 €4.5 Mar        Fee. A fe/1/42. Y                                      A, OM P.,4/       WHO       ,4GU/          V's      cre., ,:t/cLex:                   •411
                       /co c a             w yek, /                1, 7    ' rep em-r,                         rase cew c                      s    esAi                          coy? ctimvi -C )

                       FA            H br             .6 FATTY               terA           771.,        riE le a in .4                        Cel 41a die,            17 e        aLe          S c/tfA

                        VA A S          r -SIN A 77                .       SE          tflA'hZt                       11or         A-A/ 4          AS Ar: 4                            eti     "Ad AA- 40

                       fl i t          HA; 1-Y fi SfesIOR 1.6v ow                                 oti      6.' V      WAS 6:cr                        tv       1,/A "A' rei t                        nA0

                       ro 771-/,v If FA sr                                        C a z/z. e.sA Des fie er                     he S t e         CAre- A-r-                 AA (CY r              V sA45-1.0
                                                                       1
                        /       ,4-4          P                    r        .1 EMI               4'Atee                    thvgion , c )                  c4 on - _se es;                    rrAw sent
                            An.0 SAIO                    morns -4 de 0                     Am            roa                       7-14            + 0 4-r     et:Arta                           °W 5       0
                                  E45 711IMCi                          ..5•Ve- 17-/ C.)                         If' A Ato AA‘,v                           A A- 1:3    SAW;              dab/         nst,47C

                                                       "aft 507

                                       / rig Nit               I       WILL        et      tea/tan/EA/ p<arc rites LI rt Ler WHArt: Lig-
                                                                                                                            Pw -


                                                                           THE JEWISH COMMUNITY


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                        Soon after I became the Rome Area Command Chief of

                                                   Intelligence and Security, I met with the elders of the Jewish

                                                   community.   I assured them that they would not be harassed, and

                                                   the days of any persecution were over.    They were free to live

                                                   and worship as they saw fit.   If they wished to do so and knew of

                                                   any Gestapo stay behinds, please let me know; and I would cleanse

                                              Ii   Rome of them.   I would let it be known that I would not condone

                                                   any activity or action against them, and they would be treated as

                                                   any other pers6ns under my protection.    In case of any trouble, I


                                               I   would dispatch armed men for their protection.    I never had to

                                                   send one armed man and found out that this was a sophisticated

                                                   and high - class community also respected by most Italians.        Now

                                                   that the Fascists and Nazis were gone, the only threat I could

                                                   see was from neo-fascist or communists.

                                                        They, each in turn, thanked me for my concern and attitude.

                                                   I told them it was more than that; it was my duty.   They repaid

                                                   me many times over during the next four years for my attitude and

                                                   security measures.

                                                        On one occasion,   General Dasher called me; and he gave me a

                                                   telegram which said that Hermann Goering's art expert and buyer

                                                   was hiding in Rome.   The telegram didn't even have his name.     The

                                                   General said, "Do the best you can."   I called the head of the

                                                   Jewish community and asked if they could find him for me.   He

                                                   said, "I will let you know."   Within three hours he called and

                                                   had his name and the address of his hideout.   I dispatched a

                                                   C.I.C. team to arrest him.   I walked into General Dasher's office
        that same afternoon and asked, "I have him, General; what do I do

        .with him?"   The surprised General said, "So soon?   How in the
        hell did you do it?" 'I answered, "I have friends."    The General
        then said, "I don't know what to do with him; hold him until I

        get instructions."    We were ordered to send him to the Allied

        Command in Germany.

             On the outskirts of Rome there was a refugee camp at "Cin'e

7   1   Citta"   (Movie City).   The camp was not a pleasant place, and

        most of the people lived almost in squalor.    The Italian

        authorities and even the allies wanted to close it down.     But the

        persistent problem was what to do with the refugees, most    of

        whom were Jews.

             The head of the Jewish community and an Assistant Minister

        named Santini in charge of refugees at the Ministry of Interior,

        came to see me.   They were both friends of mine; and when they

        came in, I said, "I must be in trouble.    What have I done or not

        done?"

             The Minister spoke up and said, "You know the conditions at

        Cin'e Citta since we have been there before together, and we are

        getting ready to move a large contingent out of the camp."

             The head of the Jewish community then took up the

        conversation.   "We have ships waiting at Taranto in Southern

        Italy to move 10,000 Jewish refugees to Israel.    All arrangements

        have been made except one."

             "I see," I said, "And that one is me."   "Yes, you will find

        Out and can *stop us."   I continued, "You already made your plans

        on the assumption I would support you."   Santini said, "The move
0 0 00000000000
                                   13


                                         has the blessings of Prime Minister De Gaspari and the Holy is;ae."

                                         I added, "You realize I am the Allied G-2; and if I keep this

                                         from the British, who will certainly object to the move because

                                         they are fighting the Jews in Palestine, I might not be in this

                                         position too long."    Santini said, "We fully realize your

                                         position and have no choice but to ask your help."

                                              I thought for awhile and looked at the picture on my desk of

                                         my little boy, whom I had never seen, and then answered them,

                                         "What the hell, I have been here too long anyway.    Let them send

                                         me home.   Here is what I will do for you since, I suppose, the


  000000000000000000000000000000
                                                     /ui
                                         future of -101:0Q0-people is of utmost importance; and I am sure

                                         you both feel that way:    I will send you a military adviser to

                                         teach you how to move a large convoy.   To move 10,000 people, the

                                         convoy will be too long.   Split it in five sections.   I think

                                   77,
                                         that I can give you about three truckloads of food and some

                                         gasoline and some medical supplies.   I will furnish no military

                                         transportation since the move has to appear as a civilian

                                         operation.   Santini, tell Chief Ferrari to contact Moro for me,

                                         and I want five icelere' jeeps with two armed police each.    They

                                         will go to my C.I.C. headquarters and join five of my C.I.C.

                                         jeeps.   One police and one C.I.C. jeep, with passes from me, will

                                         stay with each unit.   The last big city you will pass through

                                         will be Naples. I will alert the C.I.C. Commander in Naples to

                                         insure safe passage.   I urge utmost secrecy, and you must begin

                                         to move in three days."

                                             The stately, graying, head of the Jewish community took my

                                         hand and said, "We will never forget this."   I answered, "I don't

                                         know if I am doing those people a favor; the men will be pitted
      against trained armies.                                         I hope they will survive."

              They arrived safely in Israel; what happened after
                                                                 that, I
      don't know.               The similarities of this operation to that
                                                                           written
      by novelist Leon (iris in Exodus                                                      are quite evident.                        Obviously,
17:   it was not in my particular interest to follow this
                                                          "exodus" all
      the way to Israel which, at that time,. did not actually
                                                               exist. My
      direct responsibility ended the moment those trucks left the Rome

      area; and, technically, my escort jeeps and men had no authority,

      beyond my verbal orders, to protect these -4TIMIXO- Jewish refugees;

      fr u:4 11 1       'il Al 10 1 nc, 700' of u -At6

                                   fn .             cofivo, vs                     at - GAg to                 ft Acff7.96 -
                                                                                                                                                                           0
                                                     4 el         c                    S         Ca r       /0 E. r/1('          cirt       Ft<4.-c /1 <110:c

                        Q c.. tS a/I            CFIgF                      j                C/C          4c-829S, A #4./.
                                                                                                                       4        US. 7.4W.Citir

                                Ah        /                 OIL SP ,/'"LI e —C, / ,5-Akte _hoc eis arc                                                 vc.c.4:414/

                    A     S docAfE        /' rile ricc c‘                                   ALS 72/a             s-erty _re,OS 4 4             g‘l A..elifetcipa,_

                     et ri/ri                       Scow              /PE          4-/ .2 a I:1 TWAY.- .72/te S                  pfr-A                  if_s_c             0
                               4.2-70_5             tc A CV/           Wi ref              etiv / 7414/ A iv.._A.a< /Cif                 0.c-if lc           enq '1/.4

                A                  Cic A onr                           1       e           e X.:C ee ri e        .P.Oit EAcNc              0 ,v       tost Q_EW

                    77/E "no                   44,4 s-                     c>-               9.,!cfc.3...14-                    / Lc. A's Xi?,         it1.0./P     ._._ 0

                A NO                            fi 1711:-              /-14'r-A                       ?...-4 18 - tit              co fl t'             rt." cezrif.' kt

                5 7. A             11/ 6             A-4          ,v       s ié                 .at         7.SYPP • crut frEA/e                                     e

                                      AS 7"//1 y                       /0 / 1 ss                 . TR"          v               ,4,v4     7,zi1rc. cm74 q         Er/Y..
                    GA     icr ,

                                      irr s- s                    ,        AS t             .    . .W.X                                     rle       111 firi.      774 0

                    DAYS A ea 1, IA; s.sof     Ittlf A r n‘ c-, ec,r,A p                                                    r 4#4           Ach0 re) .././ .}./s         ,C)
                    •                                                                                                                                                  (:)
                      It/ y ric ) /iwC/r  // 6    :11.4; wil.a7     THE?/ 1 /1 D                                                                       4 #1.-1Q e;.figCt

                               AC CEPre -11                   r4&C lea                          2 e,ty S.15 / L/fly         AS /r/1/€'                             Cigt
                So /

                          co    /VC     eie                  AseAAI                        ev/ lieV cest,               v     /04 S      /4/1.115            icti tier .6/0

                    / A r. Ai/ S        G.W,V Pa/lir:co                                               L47. Ato r_/40 -64/0 70

                                              •-•    -•"/") ' '                    f       2, 114-Cit,     04 91.       7e%     /1 r           Y. 7
                                                                   ,/     S                A/             /     Asy/,:,14iO                70    nfrsn            je:         1.1/           /te        .7-/P /, s /ra /INA Tio ,
                                                                                      A           u A" t                  0 7?17-5' "E' X 0 ws- re                      /         nt tf ripL,                           ,l 6S 2.2


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                                                            7        747 70 ,'/,u r                        77//S             Le-4•C         14,-7/ /               /         fr     Szrr         //V

                                                              /•                    /1/,         y.-• A -C    IUS            /41 r   Lo          o       s o t_zr                              "%/I/               ...rrti4       4:e        ••• 6'

                                                                          "tj c.•               / 77      CA       / / 6"1"1.4.4,     T A /tV 5271r

                                                      •                         ist                A/'' /          A     Ait) rive It                -                  IF.1?        t -'2             Ted


                                                              14 F            it A- 7". C // If; 4            2-.41,fr       LAS 7                 tc7     .E     •Ce         ri •47 C-•                     S         4"/EP/ V a -


                                                      •• •          J.-                    g /V IF                      M5   7 Aw.77 ,t4O,c CO 41..7- 4C 7 -                                  With'           ./ 1 Y


                                                      •       .4 /•• L:         7 / /f:          kr /I/         tri if    TM/ 3 14-AS.             14., " nt ee              _Iot<C4I 0 dc /V en                   I          11(e 4 3


                                                          •   J0/1 1/2 1 P                  er Tiler iCC.4t CH/F.-Co/                                             'tgbl,CCANO fl MG
                                                              ht. ti / 7 is:                    A 6 io A ifD                                    4-.P ieS.• _nesk -5-7eA g -.0
                                                              C 7- .1 55 A/:                                     4: A                7/1   &Ls .!!!!'o _ tie) &Kra 1iS, vic cyl/L,41iP4ty.
                                                                   Ayr U5 P .I-                           IC, E/P S•                   7 -41,1       3-40,            4-4.6              de/ r•                                          •
                                              17.2'   .. .77/ zi /A/ 0 0,i/ 77,414,7 210 c tr                                               //Ea                        ent? Lk, "           /IS       M      79        S eg.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       It
                                                                        sc                       iv rm.!. ,eti               r       y „cc /v s. Lc             / __T/14 f,                                 /7/.5-57/
                                                                                                                  tot
                                                              A               t•-• /// 3            /7. 4•7:0
                Now, the agonizing task of notifying my Commanding General

          of the decision I had made.    He was the type of man that I could

          not take such an action behind his back.    Fortunately, he knew
          that the nature of my business was that I had to make many

          decisions on the spur of the moment.   I always felt that his.

          explicit trust in me was a decided plus.   I went to his office

          and I said, "General, today I made a decision and started an

          operation which may have repercussions on me and possibly spill

          over on you.   You can order me to fill you in, but I would rather

          you wouldn't."    He could sense my concern, and the understanding

          gentleman said, "What's new?   Haven't you always operated in this
rry
          manner?   That's why you are one of my top staff officers to act        0
          in our best interest, and I never required you to clear every

          action with me.    When you are ready to fill me in, come back.    In

          the meantime, go about your business."   As I was leaving, he

          added, "This must be a good one, since you are concerned about

          me.   I will be anxious to hear your story."

                I thought, thank God, I have such a Commanding General over


      (   me.   Later, the repercussions came, but were disguised and aimed
                                        primarily at my dismissal.


0000000000000000
                                            Shortly after the episode of the Jewish refugees, a bomb

                                       exploded in the entrance of the British Embassy in Rome.      The

                                       Italian police and military intelligence moved immediately on the

                                       case and brought me pieces of the explosive missile and arrested

                                       two of the perpetrators; both were Jewish.    I called the heads of

                                       the Jewish community and told them I wanted to meet with them

                                       immediately.   I was angry and said, '"If you want to bomb.

                                 V.    embassies and legatiom, go to Naples, Milan, or even Paris.     I

                                       thoUght you were my friends.. flu know I have to investigate these

                                       cases and arrept the guilty ones."     Just before the meeting, I

                                       was hit with another bomb.    In the raid the Italians had picked

                                       up at the apartment of the perpetrators, the organization and

                                       names of the Irgum Zei Leumi and the Shrn gang.


   000000000000000000000000000
                                            I got up and paced the room.    I was irate.   I said to the

                                       Jewish representatives, "I know you were governed by emotion, but

                                       be realistic; for a penny's worth of satisfaction, you may have

                                 ii    icaused many, many lives to be lost.   Do you realize that if these

                                       lists fall into communist hands, and Togliatti is Minister of

                                       Grace and Justice, how many of your people may be killed --
                                 rmi   innocent brave men may die because of an error in judgement.        I

                                       am not even considering the loss if they fall into British

                                       hands."

                                            Without any further ado, I went to the telephone, threw all

                                       caution to the wind and dialed Prime Minister De Gasperi's

                                       number.   I reached the private secretary and told him what I

                                  ^


                                       wanted, and that this was matter of utmost importance.     Within

                                       ten minutes I received a call that a judge, who had the case and
     did not like Togliatti, was waiting with the papers.   I called
     the C.I.C. and told them to pick up the judge and bring him to

     the Club 57, a Night Club Restaurant.   They arranged a beautiful

     meal for the judge as my guest.

          I later called the head of the Jewish elders and told him I

     had everything safe in my possession, including the two

     perpetrators.
11       I could hear him breathe a sigh of relief.    Then he asked me

     if I would honor him and his family as a guest at his son's Bar

     Mitzvah, when a Jewish boy announces to all the guest and family

     in a beautiful ceremony that he is entering adulthood and becomes

     a man.   I accepted the invitation, and I was treated as a member

     of the family.   This was the first time I entered a synagogue and

     wore the little skull cap.   I thought, perhaps I had a little to

     do with preserving this place of worship.
                                . 4/ 4 I A/ 0 it                     da. 7 t444.3                                                         „fr.                                                                                      c.de_
              liter.#2,24.)                       12r/44-7r Are                    /71/                                              Art . A             s •Ar. z                     thy(                     /2A/' .

               ritid                ILL St PIII1g ebs: Vflr77:5 • 11. a-11APCIAI /                                              .73,01`j. . it7/13 t7 t1/ 14 -41 /A                               //)J                            .:71/11:741
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         •
                                   A.   r ort-re 4  efts:Li:cep: / r                                                         • s      Se t. i            s,                 .403 /
                                                                                                                                                                       ve--11                                                4- a...4
                                                a 4t     r/00.1twei                                                                                                         .44.4 iv
                    5g            t -tes &prey i•v&     d'ete                                                        A A/ Lir • .4M4                         Pie C/-1 .7,7./elr SAS".4,14 -7.77 :

                    WAS                AZ1-              /-7- A:AID e,...-,tecirr .                          • ./4--       .4 J! 9,,5 2s A                                      ,•°/Pi r-",.5' 477.1.:                                  -41,1,. /
                                                                                                                                                ••••
                            S Pe 5 .               0,190         g         0              V ••`; 15A                    .7:77.7.1.4"fr                           r4.7.41.474-e72 A 4- , -,                                   IC'


                    nt2     .5"     c                                                               -Me) irsA             %.7(Ai      7.157cI. nief.77 fl .7 7.75•11‘ , / I Y 7'I•7Lfri•
                                                                                                                                  „ .
                          ,v              /       /1-h0                  ACEZ- rts k r          SO             ,)1/;;P1 that 7".-     s seas                 czer.-iie         C 49 -.V


                          Ae".0                     if -All          5t CC#ttfF                                    be 6 5,
                                    A a et., r                           cA„ea a             'A re Al                    /         Y4          OtA%VaM.                     r                                  ,if„••A s ...A-C/74 4;
                                                     e             CLOS s'in'                  ,4            C.44                  /7.44               ece              "464,v - 4/1-41                                      S
                      144 1
                                                                                          et A. e nt,                               ,v.ar is? 72                                 ,421                                           4-                      L
                                                                                                                        .. weg.4•r 0
                       Mare                       /C-EV '        A P. Tht
                                                                                                               •                              .
                                   f                to           n,€ Avri /07 .Gr- r.A'fat 7-Az                                          A fre          SAT4 • Mil 4/                              Zip. Foa, /e4W../4s.
    ty.t9                         mp r                /0      ts/ /1,1.1.fry-Ar t
                                                                      S wail 14-A s; fro         4w-A,e.z.sr
    14(4                                                    C-0-/r/t 4 ort     ▪ rent-                       ••
                                   C.1-     7117— rd-{        Se A910 An",           Aric44 fr:;S:e.....92;4/Z9 -CPA                    2;k4i/E
                                                                                                                     :" • .,/,44.e./ i`pil;a4tr
                                       tvrj A 1: t4.?-/                  ,e;L r ow/Liz-Ai        gfrti •        /7'A
                                                                     0A'sort. XI a
                                        /     .114 ,4 0 Dover .Sana r 47r4 • n , , etrei!e  .         ".ert On' arlege LrH SW7"0 . 5.7 7 .
                                                                                    r            Vest
                                                            .•       •         •                    "


            2-lie-Al ta-A-fp                                      41ZiS
                                                                                                                                                                             .                      •
                                                   it1                                    htA I                                     ..sts;74                                                      c'e e /z2-14
               /     771FA/ -Rig 4 1777 r 47PC) I. Air / 1/ 4                                                                 .21-1/  Arl                               •    C                /
                     a 11                                                                                                        • 27                    •                            •            .
                                              L                    et. Cic-e5             r./."46                  •   .1.,;1 e)S                      7:141:7          4`Lef at:S:7                                   ;                r
     2.1                                                                                                                                                ;rr ,t                   ..       •            •       ;            •   :
                            4     gra fr r            /714.<0w&c                      isCS                  re---zee            /4;ii..erscy•lki (lir
       Li            4      rli&
                                                                                                I       4
                                                                                                                                     •                      i?.rier!',{er,
                                                                                                                                                      ;-• • • - "•.-zo
                                                  ig.P.79;4-                                                           4-44:614.1) .    'Ir;.
                                      r           Y.,41            i.,("filfr°57.-M&S."                      4467                                                                                           e
              lOrir             /11-;"74.10 1 . Pa; ./ cva.471                                                         ere-               ?fla- ,,yem<O41. /4'                                             "-A's
                                A..0 re $."-- cket;e:ss swat c                                                                rize.A-- •:4-rAvA0)..4::44‘4-or
                                                                                                                             LO sr      tP
                                                                                                                                                                                              / A A>
                                                                                                                                                                   „                                       '       •       •;t:A• •                 •
               A;4. , V         eti           va                 627,74"              A        tor' 1)1.. 79 0                                 71.c:4 02:0,4 'mires, jr
                   Auto            nt 4.- 4 .a-y                                    deLL.LI:            ,Y/f" 2c0.43;:j.j.;id..;41
                   ./ Ca z' 1-4 .'-re"4. ...ztzt: Jrn                                               re                        ';C.tAitA -2:4.r. -CAW
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    •
                                                                                                                                                                               727.4f7e?
                                                                                                                                                                                     .• 17
                   &aA-L, 6 P.                           4r-             s nc..4.•125                        A .',4-41;v4-."/                                ga•••".Z.,69.2,re 4 -, 21"<" Cat


0
                                                                            14w

                                                                                  C)


                                                                                  c)
                                                                                  C)


                                                                                  0
                                    CHAPTER XII


                              C. I. G. (NOW C. I. A.)                             0
I]
                                                                                  0
                            CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE GROUP
                                                                                  0
                                                                                  0
           The SSU—CIG was the successor of OSS and was now under the             0
      Department of State.     Later C.I.G. became C.I.A.   Because of so
                                                                                  0
      many bungled and questionable operations, I never had any use for

      OSS during combat military intelligence days in Italy.                      0
      Especially when they sent thousands of German rifles to

      Mihalovich, communist Tito's enemy, ih Yugoslavia; and the rifles
                                                                                  0
      arrived without bolts and were useless.     I had no use for C.I.G.
                                                                                  0
      in Rome, and later, in Korea and the White House, I had no use

      for C.I.A.     I formed the opinion through experience that they

      thought they were a free wheeling elite with too much money and
                                                                                  0
      answerable only to themselves.    They covered their miserable
                                                                                  0
      mistakes and ideology with a "Top Secret" stamp.      Never in my           0

      many years of combat in intelligence and in high — level staff
                                                                                  0
      positions, did I know of one action where OSS, C.I.G. or C.I.A.
                                                                                  0
      enhanced our war effort.    I make this statement without
                                                                                  0
      reservation, since I had all the clearance and had access to such           0

      information.    The head of C.I.G. in Rome was James Angleton, who          0
                                                                                  0
     I dater became head of C.I.A.'s Counter intelligence Division in
                                                                                  0
      Washington.    My relationship with him in Rome was, at its best,           0
      strained to outright animosity; and no love was lost between us.

      Rome was under military occupation.     As the top intelligence

      officer in the area, no operation was allowed without my


Li
                                                                                                                                 I


0 000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                        permission.

                                                             In the forty odd years of the existence of the C.I.A,, Jim

                                                        Angleton was probably the least loved and most feared man at or

                                                        near the top of that vast agency.    I never did figure out where

                                                        his influence came from, although I had suspicions, wherever it

                                                        came from, I didn't care and challenged him at every turn.       There
                                                        were many who tolerated him, though their feelings' were probably,

                                                        at best, acquiescence rather than real feeling.     And, despite the

                                                        unwieldy bureaucracy, C.I.A. was and remains, Angelton had the

                                                        power to make disapproved underlings suffer his basic cruelty.
                                               if
                                                        In this, he was, probably more a C.I.A. type man than most of
                                               i
                                                        those pseudo — romantic males who play C.I.A. roles on
                                                   Ei
                                                        television.

                                                             As already maintained, I first crossed paths (and swords)

                                                        with Angleton first in Rome where he was the Chief of C.T.G.

                                                        (Central Intelligence Group, later to become the Central

                                                        Intelligence Agency.)

                                                             A few weeks after the British Embassy bombing episode,

                                                        Angelton came to my office, virtually pleading with me to turn

                                                        over the papers of the two Jewish organizations to him. 4-4 1-

                                                        eeteed—thistin—deLail—t.in-m prevtoun ahopkercp)   I refused.    I

                                                        don't know how he ,found out; I'm sure the Italians didn't tell

                                                        him, because they had no use for him.   After a process of

                                                        elimination, I surmised it must have been Israeli Intelligence.

                                                        He got angry when I turned him down, and he insisted I had to

                                                        give them to him. T answered, "Do I?. Who says so, you, or your

                                                        British Foreign Office friends who have been visiting you?       You

                                                        sure wined and dined them."   (One of his visitors was Kim Philby,
      who later was found out to be a Soviet spy.)

           About ten days later, General Dasher called me in and . showed

      me an order from Washington which read that he turn over the

      papers to Angleton.   I told the General, "I don't like this."'

      The General answered, "Neither do I, but I have no choice."     He

411   added, "You don't like Angleton?"   I said, "No, General, my
      instinct tells me not to trust him; and like the Indians say, and

      I have the proof, 'he speaks with a forked tongue'."    I delivered
      the Papers and threatening, I said, "Heaven help you, Jim, if I

      ever find out that these papers ever got in the wrong hands

      instead of going to Washington.   I made a promise to these

      people." (Perhaps Israeli intelligence can answer these

      questions:   Did he send them to Washington?    Did he give them tb

      the British (Philby) and so to the communists?     Or did he use

      them to ingratiate himself with the Israelis?    Perhaps the answer

      lies with trees recently planted in Israel in his behalf.)


           In a recent book, Spycatcher, by Peter Wright, who spent two

      decades in the top echelons of 1115, the British Security SerVice,

         , wrote, "... I knew from bitter experience that Angleton was
      •W.#.

      more than capable of manufacturing evidence when none existed."

           He tried the same tactic on me in Rome in 1945.

           One night, about 10 p.m., I received a desperate phone call

      from Angleton.   Be sounded almost panicky.    He said that he had

      two Germans at his place in Rome.   They went out for a walk, and

      one was recognized by his ex -chauffeur.   The Italian police

      arrested them. I asked the Chief of Police of Italy, Ferrari,
                 •
      but he said he would only release them in your custody.

           I answered him, "What Were you up to with them?     You never.
0000p000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                cleared holding them with me."

                                                     Angleton replied, "I can't tell you, but it is of utmost

                                                importance to the United States."

                                                     In sarcasm, I shot back, "Excuse me, Jim, I will stand up

                                                and salute."

                                                     In his panicky voice he said, "I am serious.    You have to

                                                get them from the Italians as soon us possible."    I was surprised

                                                when Chief Ferrari- came on the phone.   Angleton was in his

                                                office, and he knew that I had warned him against dealing

                                                directly with the police.   I told Ferrari, "Get them ready,

                                                Excellency, and I will send my men to pick them up tonight.    Tell

                                                Angleton I am taking custody."   I could almost hear him chuckle,

                                               since he had no use for Angelton; and he knew I would make him

                                                sweat.

                                                    I made up my mind that no matter who the prisoners were, I

                                                would not turn them over to Ahgleton.

                                                  ' The next day, Angleton was in my office bright and early.      I

                                               told him, "Damn you, I told you never to interfere with the

                                               police.   I have no prisoners by the names you gave me in my

                                               security prison.   Now, excuse me, the General wants to see me."

                                               As I was leaving, I said, "Contact Washington and tell them I am

                                               obstructing you; .see if you can get me fired!"

                                                    The Germans were not in my security prison, but in two

                                               'special cells in the United States Military Police Jail.    One was

                                               a high ranking diplomat in the former German Embassy in Rome, and

                                               the other was a German Lieutenant General, Chief of Staff to

                                               General Wolff, who had surrendered the German armies in Northern

                                               Italy.
               They vere both tight-lipped and wouldn't talk.    I told my
         C.1.C., "Let them simmer for awhile, then we will tackle them all

         in about ten days.    I did get an inquiry from the British Foreign

         Office and told them I had no prisoners by those names, and with

         malice I told them, "Ask Angleton."

               In about a week, I received a message from the two prisoners
    RI
         that unless I released them, documents were going to be released

         which would embarrass the. United States for the role played in

         North Africa.    The deadline was the next day at 6:00 p.m.   I
         called Pagnotta. at the C.I.C. and told him I wanted him to

-   C    accompany me, to the prison the next day and bring six of the

         Custom guards.

               At 5:30 p.m. we sat in the Provost Marshall's Office-       I

         sat at the desk; Leo sat alongside me.    I. had the prisoners

         brought up.   I didn't give them the dignity of even a greeting.

         They were left standing, while Leo and I disregarded them and

         joked about trivialities.   Finally, at 20 minutes before six, I

         turned to them and said, "Bo you notice the clock above my head?

         Keep watching it, as it is approaching your deadline.    Also,

         there is one phone in the room. If anyone uses it, I will."       Leo

         and I resumed our conversation about trivia.    At five minutes to

         six, the German, General spoke, "You are Corso, aren't you?      We

         heard about you even before the surrender."    I replied, "Ask your

         friend who I am. I arrested him just after we took Rome."

               I got up from my chair and' said, "Your deadline has come and

         gone; we have nothing more to discuss."

           .   The General said, "Wait, please, we realized you would not

         fall for a bluff; but it was a silly but desperate gamble on my
            •
                                                     part.   The package is at this address.    (He handed me a slip o(


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                     paper.)   There are two boys in the apartment; they are not armed.

                                                     The package is hanging out of the window."

                                                           I called Leo's Custom guards and gave them their

                                                     instructions.   They returned with the two boys and the package.

                                                     I looked at the two, turned to the Germans and said, "I am

                                                     surprised that men of your caliber would associate with such

                                                     scum.   I turned to Leo and instructed, "I don't even want them in


                                              i1     my prison.   Throw them out bodily, and give them a swift kick in

                                                     the rear as they exit."   Leo was built like a wrestler and

                                              iii    followed my instructions to a "T".

                                                           I opened the package; and after a cursory examination said,

                                                     "You two tried to bluff me and waste my time with these.      Why

                                                     didn't you give them to Angleton?      He would have made a, story

                                                     from them and called it an intelligence coup."

                                                           They sort of smiled and said, "What do you want from us?"

                                                     I said, "What were you doing with Angleton?"

                                                           They told me the entire story.    He had them rewriting the

                                                     Sunrise Operation," which was the surrender of the German armies

                                                     in Northern Italy, The intent was to give the credit for the

                                                     surrender to Allen Dulles and OSS in Switzerland.

                                                           They signed affidavits for me.    In return, I gave them a

                                                     letter saying they had cooperated with me.      I affixed my seal and

                                                     recommended that they should be released upon their return to

                                                    . Germany, through         channels.   My zeal assured safe passage

                                                     upon their departure.   The German General extended his hand to

                                                     me.   We shook hands, and I stepped back and saluted, which he

                                                     smartly returned.
                                                                      /Or


     Later, I threw copies of the affidavits on Angleton 's desk

with the warning, "Don't attempt any, and I mean any, operations

again in my area."     Checkmate!

     I had been overseas for close on to five years.      I believe
it took 35 points to go home.       I had amassed about 190.   The
points were given for campaigns, decorations, time overseas, etc.

In early 1947, Rome .Area Allied Command was getting ready to

dissolve.    General Dasher had gone; and in March 1947, I finaliy

received my orders to return to the United States.      After a round

of farewell parties by the Italian officials, I headed for

Livorno to board ship for the return to the States.

     Soon after my arrival, I received a phone call from

Angleton.    He said, "You must return for a few days and be seen

with me.    The word is out that I caused your transfer, and no one

will even talk to me."     I answered, "You sure tried very hard to

have me recalled, but in this case it was a normal transfer."

     He pleaded, "But the Italians don't know that.      I am going

to remain after the military is gone, and all intelligence which

our country needs is cut off."

     I told him, "It sounds strange, you spouting patriotism.

I'll be back tomorrow, but my day of embarkation is a week off;

and I will only stay in Rome for two days."

     Angleton and I were seen together in every bar and

restaurant in Rome.    This was the only time he ever acted

friendly towards me.    He brought up the Matter of my informants.

I answered, "Forget it."

     The ,low point in Angleton's life must have been the day in

Washington when I was appointed a Staff— member of the National
0 00 00000
                                              Security Council at the White !louse.   He made the remark to Frank

                                              Hand, a friend of mine, "The bad penny in back; I don't know how

                                       f•:j   he manages to get these high positions.;

                                                   I did get a copy of my C.I.A. file.   I was accused of

                                              kidnapping, murder, etc.   Angleton had put in that I used other

                                              people's intelligence and passed it off as my own.    The truth was
                                              that every month I compiled the official Rome Area Intelligence


 00000000000000000000000000000000000
                                              summary, with input from all agencies, and signed it AC of S G-2,

                                              which was normal, as it was my job to do so.   It must have

                                              bothered him tremendously when he realized he could not hide

                                              behind the "Top Secret" stamp or the cover, nI can't reveal my

                                              source."   I was above his position as head of counterintelligence

                                              of C.I.A., and could shove any fabrications or distortions down

                                              his throat!   Checkmate, again!

                                                   An interesting observation, which I must relate to, leads

                                              into the next episode.   I must state that many of my problems

                                              with SSU-CIG, which was under the Department of State, stem from

                                              ideological reasons.   During a meeting with high -level Italian

                                              officials, one of them said, "Corso, of course you realize that

                                              your Embassy is socialist."   It was an extension of the

                                              Department of State where they spawned American socialists.

                                                   I was not overly surprised by this Italian's assessment of

                                              the Embassy's staff, and I was later to extend the idea to much

                                              of the Department of State.   Thinking about this much more

                                              recently, it does appear that there is a kind of "mind set" held

                                              by most senior members of the State Department staff, a mind met

                                              which has become pretty much a'standard State approach toward

                                              socialism and communism generally, and the Soviet Union
                                                                                               , 0
                   I   Math- Ail eW. Sflc/    CA-i-Ly
                                                    t•       ,r4f/          fi A /MOT 4A/Careme

               li/so tfil P'LAchVG nrA        Air len;   S           AS"    Ara"     /9red   .ficre'40
                eur 7fre" poza_ owal G.                                                              0
             In January 1988, I appeared on a "talk show" on a radio                                 0

H     station in Palm Beach, Florida.                                                                0
                                             A foreign correspondent was
                                                                                                     0
fl    supposed to appear an hour separate from mine, but because of
                                                                                                     0
      similar experiences, the host, Dan Gregory, decided to com bine                                *0
 1    the shows and had us appear together.
                                                                                                     0
             The correspondent began, "I know you, Colonel."               I answered,
                                                                                                     0
      "I have never met you.°       He continued, " I have seen your CIA
                                                                                                     0
      file."    I responded, "What's new?     So have I."     He then said,
      "They accuse you of killing 23 men in Rome and kidnapping double                               0
                                                                                                     0
      that number."
                                                                                                      C)
             I answered, "We had a firing squad of United States Military

bit 'olice, a military tribunal.          We executed saboteurs and spies.

      If you call that killing, yes, I did.        When I captured one of a                           C)

ra net of agent saboteurs, I isolated him in a private prison until                                   C)
ii
 k
     I caught them all and found their explosives.           Guilty of                                0
         idnapping in this sense?    Yes, I was responsible for the lives                        • 0
l
:CI of all Allied Personnel in Rome, their safety was of prime
                                                                                                      0
                                                                                                      0
     'importance, the lives of the Gestapo, S.S. and NKVD-KGB were not
                                                                                                      0
* important to me, they were to be eliminated."

            He reached across the desk and shook hands with me.               This                    0
                                                                                                 •
     conversation was broadcast live.        He then added, "I see a soft
     i
     spoken, balding grandfather, but I wish I could tell you all that

      le has done for his country,"
     f
000000000000000000000000000000000000 0000000
                                                                                                                                   a          c               v 4: 4 e.                             r
                                                                  isei       .5     41 /I r /in                            I                                                             rn'a            A    / 1" C74‘ 4. 7 - OA)                         ni/S         C, A

                                                              z                     Ai                0 dvze                   c34aAf                             ///1                   7..vcs Ced?......^41c1            1:-.74.2        1,         C:       "14
                                                             Cr                                           4.-".                     A' 0/4 at
                                                                       0 4/ 5.          ar klarg; •S,                               )7t           4j1v)nF/t,I                      A r           7//6        C/            /le/Pi

                                                                        &rT7sYG                        /Er                     2794.c. 7 -41 dLa..J€iflt_                                                _C                     a.:13 44

                                                             H• isc if          "te r             c                                 JO        cef                 /71/ S._        q.er/f.c.c 4=4                 / ./.1,         ge,44/.                       /is       e 67.4,7-y


                                                             6-0 E_A 6 A? or 1-A                                               /       A S <6 4                          7t4f4r9 ye:Fs                                      efr 574                    Fp/ S /pi

                                                                  te.L             d                  c a         4 2 //Cr 7)1.1? Sofyi,                                                          tie        oi.           r -Aed               4-=

                                                            A           LS./AI./777(                              .4 3" /                                 g       c 4,                      ._St:A C                        .              .4 4-V2-                              ....._

                                                         /7 0           gi          c,                J           i>            /01/0 W                       Whi A                                                AA--          4" 4ro.x."                 IS                e'en 6

                                                             Ai     4     "el.,                                     ,qtz.                             ":1-,e ................                           ar,v4                   A,vd Jr,                   A . flAW .
                                                                                 •
                                                        _56/ 4 D             //k <                S'e                                             Ara.:                  • .---     rhefr-                                        7-Ns          .64,                   OV.1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          -6.11".+1-Ar

                                                         //./           oef.frc .            17',91                            n     0 ,-,            t           6- fry       :75..."                                                                ..449 C//40.0.9.?/06-47,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        • L./CL
                                                        7%4'C                           l!P/..57.3.                                    ..e.VS-47" . 7.74:4• 4/4 .                               17-90:7- 4444 ..                                C          1,6 4? &Tel._ Pain


                                                         A        il syW./."                  EX.4-                    ."          A Air                  0.ent. °77.7.!                                     9                        <cfik )497.S•E4,                                 .

                                                        ▪         air.4":"-                                                        A Mt? •54t0, .1                                       7W..e>.1:"                 s            } TIE jS                  S 717

                                               Ii                                       it!             iva ray                           c                   FA.8 19.!                   ri .4" c .. A            ie. Pc"                                 •                  eucc.4--


                                                        IX         4W-1/14                    L             I iVifw                    e.t.i.Chk_c? L                              z-7L                                                                     /../..1 <ET a          ",
                                                        "'A 6 x                                   Ssti.p                       te,E.44 iv" 42L                                                                                             IS              74.4-<5. 'Ye / 67

                                                        /CO        r                    Wirt". r#6                                                                   (. 5 7 -4             24' raiz; 443./..2.7,,t!:" A re                                           ff -1.            .
                                                                                                                                                                    IS
                                                         •              2 C.F._                        _ c 0 x 7 / 4(4 dr- 0                                         A 4-.1 1€.01._..g...! 4 4_7r0._. 77,4:1.7 e•ES.

                                                        SS;        /4".eri 4__          41         c/S 7-S ) 0 /P                                             t      ACA                 4".>".- - 77, 45.6- _A.'S -S7                                          04

                                                        roe'        A*             /iv FP                 41,1A r,jqii                                                            air?          14!.4.7.4.. fry-A.4_44, 4e )" ,                                          f!z-=.fr(s4


                                                                A4PO4 /....lion                                                               V 6 . ..Aft;                     _674                                                         _ A 6 ifrif/                      I,4g r
                                                                                                                       1,                                                It
                                                         2.7/,            t4./.g.,.. Kea                   gft.<                                                                  .C42-                  .-51"414 -.. /4/. /fr•c"L                              rs        7 -4 Y.ov c

                                                             re) .72\ tr_g                   gea/                                                                             /ay ., 26.."„v                                                          /12/s/r- a,' Yet.
                                                                           it                                                                                                               •
                                                        .4%                                  •/                   it••••                      A. . Alff                  et        SA/      7._ GP:7.7. /_.'z'A ir"...-!4•7771-                                         he/ 72/tr


                                                                       re_ue            .44( 23                                    .. / 6_4 if?_ 774                41044. Ak-r.ete_Aste.ok?..                                                             0 -1,.Sa 6e7

                                                                  :' /L n)<                                            r                                                                                                                                        / r ef 4/40(1

                                                    •        o/- %.                          b. Al, .6.4, tni.tasote.c0:).-4.9ej                                                                              44,...fr-,9           ,,,,,A,4146-

                                                         pe             . //i.fri            Thr                                              .                               odef 177 SO, If
                                                         _                   . •         .
                                                                                                                                                  t
                !g/ 1/ .1.            AG/Paso                    'To_ ./114 Va. .77iAr. L./                            .s              f -a              ge7s ro 0
    .5/4 tIS u4fr,da Ary
     / 771,e                  _                          rwc _ ccev 4e ..?-2                           .1. LA/AS                                                                   0
                                                                                                                                                                                   0
     tivel 64 Ho. CO it/4 r/e)41 .-52/ 0.t.f..L.                                              .F.L./-                  Ar..4/0cv          /             1.441..6-0

      110s f, AwAAr4, C A .L.LV                                                                              .                4./E-14A/Sil

                                                          WA _,1*,<.4' 7:6141 Afl                                LoA., 21 od         nnra-                         7il4: 0c ),
                                                                                                                                                                                   0
                                      r               .37A 7-4:4,V4.                Be/ .7-/S*                     s        e- C        o fc,,<Acs- yeA,-44.

      W 0 77.fr7g                   ANg                WILL         6e7        A          CEAst              Anl            di         _.s.-            oyez)
                                                                                                                                               I/
      7-AS                   /I/ -.9al         ur,WJs r                                   cf;           /     6LScs/ -TA ticii                  hi.er it.-x4

      err                             r:              .et?.g.4.1 . .6 4-Aee                                      Ar.14.< _/.e rose 4fr-                                 ,v

                                   .i?.v4L- 71e                 74.flKt/&ce5                                      ".4.c._..7-/e_efi-r...--s-rA                 cc

                                              4?          _17-14tY               _a' 4 - A.?:                                                       A 7-, t)/c-, " - 1.. 0   .
                27..44.:-.f
                          r-Affis 7 . tift-             ofrr       0                               1" i t.c. .1.6" ?rag                   t _yv"                             e     .0


      •41#                   _,A h./.7A* IL ts&actS                                g.51    ti!e-             _An/ v 44, vse             /,‘" sA                a                 EA 0


     %.;       W-5 .                                                                                    _/             Le 6.4, ...ari=9ciA4.-S                      a               0


     %Mktg S             _q        AIM 41N./7 - k% EVEfl                    frf.E,A.C.r_j_c!"...!S.0               ass,          eVE.L.A44/a 7 - 4)

                  6               %/Airy',              A Am _rya-- $cdJEcC                                  CAA-1.4c-              -1,1A-ts, Y           77 ,ti s4,c--


                                  a lick 7:-O. fi/      4.eo4 __it!/        . aMsI                  ,V1. gei c Ic,4€.CAVefl4                                       .c     Ry_a_LO
1

     1176- 5g A/ 77.g-1 _Wilt                     .       2Pe               _ 7/Seg... c 1:ge .rfe                                                      A Pre


                /1.24.4 r_                            /6<c geE)             A .,441       Atr .QA"cA                    Iz47 -           0.                 A 15 Sae°


           C    I 47           cv4. e4._ 72,14r/A _4l.g.-50.4.;                            .7.7.7(A1 'se/F ir-Fr                                    s        ;frit,

    _ 7.71               _          Pi(                                                                                                                                          -o
                                    T/1                4,/,4/7- ,/                         to. Ha efr- rwzr..                        cr.44                   4-Atz--A.A.0
                                                                                                                                                    0
      A,                           ..r0                                                                     . Itte'A r _0-v....J.-Ars. ws.C. .srA-e/b

      t/me                                                           we))v                                       11.                   W.0-71L-c .iga."10/9
                                                                                                                                 an, EN
      chi A 7.7. etr.41PLS                    eV         4 4A       . /IF4/0       cg


      TI/S                     r...       A Le.         ciA.7zoitS. WA 4S. .A.6,4/.0 sr.. .-!.rA.L.A<                                                      7-77‘, 4 eACD,
      A        7 -N.Q.             .. /ey          -           _-$1..77././.2.E. S.6:           r     _4/77_7A-                   to/Ps.                              .
.00000                                                     be 4,0_5

                                                                                 Sc
                                                                                                /0-15 W' ALL               A a? oar               S 7-Ar    / i v *.s-                              _7       Am°

                                         .acc< C- IFS-5 Ls'.5 ,               ALad-                C          72,..4 7 -         72/6         S TAL / Al             CI-11-7-

                                         -C- 7- /L     .           TA C r                   7 -.51
                                                                                                 6 7 ALL           7 70.*"       4eda 4.fl-       Ai /A- AV L            S               CO

                                         .57"/L .4.. _Ai" C// A A G 4.-= '                      L9 AIE-5/1.4/ E 1.1              /-toi. 6: 7-c t.,          igi.,1.4. .14..-
                                                                       $                                                                              /                                        /

                                          ,    cif/a /ye/A C1/5 OftcA /1 De                         779.6 in ,.JOGAI .co./9'..•t t./.‘" / Sr)                    / 4/ 4 /1177/0- 5-.)          A ..fl
                                                                                                       It-' /vs/ new s Cr pew:. R.


00000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                          iben       .0144:MA . (it' Ca)                WAS         _-5-7-644.__ /.yi.!4            ?.02-,5- __P4::::4-"r                    tz, a4
                                                                                                                                                              gar

                                                               S As(I             - ,e/% ae-z/        /.1.!7-.E.A                     4."Ca)        disAta       C417 -A           /frc.-:27        A
                                                                                                   k nos cal gy
                                         Cc ?'>' .accr             27.4,61"    Jtt4GiS                  Se.-11.Lt-cs                       dr<                               ir        7-0

                                         .A4( .6..gz,..rem, Az- C/A •                              .4fa1                      Eg      A    5heer-7_4V - rizir                  -     /Pig(               mo.
                                         5Y                   thfi             G/i, a - A r               Net4.IPS-                           /      _ 7:-o                                                  /C
                                                                                                                                       if .44k's
                                         77 AIC"a     A Plc F -/lisk" k rk'A'    Arc.                        areheie                                                                               ana.,0,4
                                            CL F.4 re's,
                                                         ,  w.e .77- a AO . â , cA.  .12._ Kr24 -5" _ ../i .C/   ^ ef16,4 .7: c,                                                                    sr,rr

                                         reva147,- .7.7// s                       Ow 0-0            Tit       a?       CLi L6,              /'Ai       /"tJLAtJO&                  cir       PoLicy

                                         tc        K /4 L_     ALL            e"..x P.Latt                           aic ..                                                         eVA            9'.4/1.L-ty-

                                          Li- A            4414 L EIS                                                                      old        .11.<:setAtfl           . A CC a.e.c.4" 7-

                                         7-4, /5      W                   ,v A     VA A 2. .7-4/4.4/                                                                         elit- 64476,V

                                                     P.1.!1.k" 11A0           rein.              ire? _4'e-w eepy re_H./                   s zA74_5" .64/29._Gn/t-7 er.j.Z274/.

                                         DtiL          SC4s             slit           ice".4.    rife&       .      cf/PE,g_.4 .4fiet_, c,                 7W1F          6aA1-of                  ft "3igti9175


                                         eih       77 AL      ..     As                   ail                                                 4A' 'KS .pt                 27t'S          A          r -,
                                                                                        tnts           it as ge     g ictr.00/4-
                                                  A eG             ro          ,ve..E. 450               A., egp4.4..n. _hos _co 4.,,,<.;-sze                                  roi.L I CE Ica -,

                                                S./.adv._MAA 4 LLC4O                        A               n *E                  S                    r                  .r e. AP a
                                                                    div Os CA EiS                   ./.. _CoPZ-4_ ..4; 44 4.               4.4re . /&31!•441- _Sea aa/Ser.                              re

                                         A it/Y                    CT             ./         ..p/i 3r.. /7A t141._S,             ALS°         1//S ,c49.54/0„Fin,                        wzr/y

                                                  J a./1/4.13 Y         WAS sa a am                                                                                                      s4'ce, ./0:44't.

                                         /5AL           A. AA-4           £'.S,        _5     C k: 7-S            //.ec   c4,4",a1..a sea           TO TA'S ,srSP                      A-                    T

                                         T:YA                                  TA/A/so              _A.. !         A ... fit,/            . _Qv             4 _sir/..e."677-                   B.C.


                                         biell)Lk,..ii/S              frngnsl,i,                 7_ Cda .r./A                                               pal          mar        Ain         e          A

                                         no LS
kr •
                          As             "A Air Az
                                                                                                Adosae "°', 0
                                                                               c,,,hu„,,../c/Typtais
                                                                   _S//67- /47 771/S                  S °AID e             S7en           J 1;        Yfr. S/71 re?

           / yPt- /7 g               A    egigiiier                             6"   rAcer                4 A 12 ro.-.4                   rerz--          f            A            0


            5 ex?                        W on"erg                                     4"...     /716' 444                  diet --4.../                                  .777.20

            •         e pi /14 4-7 5 r     A-11.1.0      :CHF Y .614,4 a 6.4r4                      A 4 Ge:/..r- SAW                              a     "we'        AA, 6A1Q4

                                          PE -           s'Air4.                           ',re      . )7.°                          217 -s             °A' 4'

           11          .k ?/L//          / TA 4:               a L, r          /zeta                 xi    4.-"    ,.,1!

            •          fry/                          St"                                      CAfl.        4.).,           ACC"             efr: A vfze             re ) A el        0
           • (Af it                                                                                                           •
                                                                                                                                  ewc4--
                                                                                                                                   .
                                                                                                                                                              fo-i-ve Li


                                                                                                                                                 44A yr .. cve                 . 0
                                                                                                      Sewn
            IfI'M- 4-         Qv              fry a. X4-4:7.                                        ...kiwi:km=0,-r A             Alfr- 7-34ve75 W,771 Yd.°


            f fr A /t#T.                         277 /ge.i          0.?( _ 42/ 7.1.4 /C/ AoeL S                               .e.E        I. Cr-7-A           7 .1-V Alit

           A          e /ye__ A 6•24           Ac.


                      .              4sv Pt- /1 A&                )...               cY.A.c.                         gi 7:771                     . tv,Yirz//GIGO
                                                                                               'Lane
       -                     ?- 5.6.-0._ t9.
                          t_ 1                                                            .4-Th 1Nish (                                           net          ,    A r -n         --P
                                                                                                                                                  ifE
           A 4* 6 4:4: _re?                   1.‘, A s         ea .474:71.e..E              ..,c/eon

           1t e/ A41: 011E                    A/ CA 6 erfrf               if-fir -5 fi e-4          ,'1&we.m.,                                                     11, ././/C/7
                                                                                   /
           • .Ef                 A       an           afr-     'Ks . g ye/..? . X -Ice'177                                                        A t rig            G /1* .

           eerLqa.as weves:                                                                                   -5W , A••• 0 7-0,11 Sce4/C 2                          &C4              0
                                Af   .KSA            Cie      SSec.6                  .
                                                                                                                                                                                     0
                                                              t..Eb       ..rti‘          wwir,           ivail-cfr- _-crAri                 c                 14,1771          L


           MY c               A /1A/v.ca s                /       AiA4         A Cc            S     Jo     V. A'I' tiA At.                 AL.I. tl           C UWE•,


       /2/            7,414E"... Go ye" gee/          ow 7".:                         ,..                  fly*, ."1/                r.tevq.,fr. / A" re."                 Cet
                                                                                              rif
       5.15 rrfrf                5 vi a" cm I i,v                   ALC .4k441 Mr                    neAi,v/A , 6                 Atwf                 ) 4<---4/

           A     ',fa '4. - 3' 5 /fl/At                       v          7-4                        atfiC/C6-4I                     it* S         t4zg • ro                cbcCe


       pi,'           AA'S      cA,o, cat..              r   foraSr cl, 4e.„4 r _ ifeeubv.   reta                                                        c .i.f., ['Er 0
                                        nba re/             T PAP THO tfairA r? Y OS.Y0. /7:5 0“,•1•1                                            rea .694<t)           0
                                                                                  -•
           V1/2 1 /           ./7' A ti ..1/47             S S                     0.4e.c/rEs                                               -r War             rerli     sereo
000
                                                                                                                                                  (cv A)
                                                   to          CNOC if              ex/       (2,41                 (               Pwnie              A' E           R                 ,t,44                       / ,v,                    zy

                                                   2-4,ad,                                      se/e-h, 45 77/6: _


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                                                                                                                                        -4,v 4          21 a e'•-5          - -A

                                                   541/CV C. C-4                      ti rt     7       ezt-s'                              tit/ 7 -4;44/           6       -..-1-- cLrr                                               a fiace6'


                                                             A :c•if /v.d           0 7-      .6 ‘, 4',        G         7 /1/-5"          ilE/e/ ea            77144 7 -          72-is        _ &A i        1-         ztELY;
                                                                                                                                            1,./ A 5
                                                   I       A •T„4r: S.      JE           ci s       AA, oa z..7 0,1,1                                                 firhyd                 ax ,s


                                           . KA: E.,/,.2.*"._Q_                      I rA                   /Al     r2:-/. 6".._                                0 .eL 4 .                     ro an-        / 0"ti,v 7s-        r•a se
                                                                                                                                          CJ C. - on
                                                   7•9 / 5         RE ea R4                 fr/CA-f               Gilt;                   raistar      WA .0            4/               /            /Ai       .577PEWC/1/7-54-6


                                                   zwa-- _ /174                          iv /role .Cz--1-5:                                                .c5te4s : /.e).              ow. 7 ,                 / 7- A L / A /1/

                                                            a el../.9                iv 7;            A i c rale               __04•4                                                        :LA/             As     t    ./

                                                   iht el           47 A 4-i A ..t/ -C                recA - _ CA ,IF                                                   .451y4 r .TE 4.

                                                   W/ C4./1/.0_474:67:5/                            e 21.c    /Vet' .6;4                                                                               :.(.7/        .4 7,e(c) ---


                                                   tvi c .ofe.P.111.. ri             a   A1 ri l A r                /.        W, is_/_!_e.4-E:_.?:.e! Pe /Y4-                                4/y'47//,                                      _


                                                   7;1I A      r.. ()4/ 6 St TeM/). letetlrhi                                                                                                       41 _ 0 1r2=7.ca r            "4 2 E44i-


                                                   A A'           . rn i? / 4 /t/ C-                    /c4       0/ti                                                  A m..._44 /.1/.17/SFA
                                                                                                         6
                                                    1.c- 4     4 ,0 44 4 / 5                    4s4g4A.                 :eig                                                                         0/4           cot'a,fr


                                                       ,ckice 4s),              kfrc            7A' Y./ 4/ 6 ..ro                            •yea_."- Ef              .a     " 44,,v/                        0,4 , 4/ s


                                                       6 0 K.E...e.,/ /Id                        /           A5           M                   i                                         tenti                            "rfrAmr.
                                                   z wg,aL                      _          /P5      -14 /2                c, v7/2.1.-€2.41.                    C7A..v,77( Flal. s • . 7-1                                   <41,4 .•?


                                               .               :gel/vie OW •E /61 E--s- • L                                          se., 49./i/ .. -                 ..ir          v4_5 ,vor                            "/Peae

                                                   So 4 1.,.+               s                    ve Ate/v. 7 ..:.14'.1The                                  .        SS          .7- 6                SCCU-'"                   L-',/


                                                   570 C/A z /5                     .Memir- chit.                                                      _                _


                                                                         Gil         ie Ave          //t/         /.12 1.4                                                                   Ver A -41.-5- A l e                        /


                                                                                    Ft:es-It - 4             70          • .41* - . _727147                                6EL       raiv ..4 -4/e7
                                                                  NO        1 1 / 4 41
                                                                                     -0                      lite             •I'd//v         _ / r/4          X.     /A,        /we :                              w- w :46

                                                       rm.( Jt! .4 A/I)              rble        / 7- AL / A MS:. 7:0 QIC                                     PC7r:           ca        7ycc           /114 rr           L=1-4

                                           •       Tile                 g"4 vrt;                siw cc                                            a/.ci /$4'c!..                                            Ca' 0 A         ref'

                                                              S          eG                      /At 49.f.e/fle/                              sfer_cr4/a jc ase-4".04 a:- „9•24•11 x
                                                                1/,(44:"            ./ 1/ A/11         A
                                                                                                                        et-        (-.•       r- /Or/    e     5'93 -   , 7.
                                                       •      .. .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          C
              A f            inis                   / 1,-)A, r,              Z.- CA/ C. 7: A? dfr i A/ <-7                 1/4/ i PI ‘,/ II 5; 1/ 1 A N (5 ,:l. z .re• A/ ,                                    /          0
;;.,-.0 Af J .irici 7././2,-,                              w. 6.4 t) .r.t-             44.)         . VA"1 4 A/ • A' a                     (., /--:     n       y        e'l....0


 .7 ...:' /I C h i ii A                67 : ,v            / 14, fri / 3410                 A 6     A' / Ar 6 , ,-.: £10                    77,9hr               i c ives i          " c.,•:, .., <:, A -
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   5      0
        ./1   .9f              /                  ze .1 L. / ‘.;           /1.• C.. z.--r         A /ri r 6 -4             W4C-                             / 11. zr            1/I L-'           j=21             C.e


                        ./                 ".4./ ..r      ./          /     /rev C                  IOC./       AA; a                ./1         bcd        fr"      $                /        C,


                                                                               ic/c4,..47,6!                      4.•:"/ A/                             ,-jz          z,616sJr
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0
                        JV, /-1.              /           S(-'             //e 17- Y            AIPLI             r                          7/1.A 1 -- .,, fi r                           /.)e

                                       v            7Mg               / ),11       re./e           . /.76 a...7 .4               r            1=04                  //-",                 ta-*/./.-


                                                          frvz ce,1-                                              „         .c,C:F.?              _A        e       _ A"       ye it:       D&


                              /I A Aet                                     51' e../.1 /1            /1      /z".e.>              r                                                          A/
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0

                                             4         lit=                                                                  _

                                                         SLAM ..                                              s:bia          .                          7WES4 tiAt                                    C e           p-feg

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0
IN     R02t o. .g _./        n,2              /1/11             ,V TVa                 • cgcn'.a1F4Ago                               Si...A splE                         /74/./Y dA CPC                            /yet


CilAp4 I            / EA/          /        .19/111 0.               /g ag/ .5              Or•                  Ape. ,c'e                    _5-A el               TWAT /9.e. 1/A XI ,4'O                                0
if P13 /      KS          _W Tit                  filk           /        p.44      .1.2 4:. a _                                      cA/47/4/fts                                   c2,-4-nrei
                                                                                                                                          .t
                        7..// et. AS                            Li/             tri.s.crS               _/ AA/Sw A ra/                                  /       A+v2F               S 6t/I
                                                                                                                                                                            P/E&c7k4                   At           Hi

 ecs/Ace-s.-5                                                                          6A4' .14-2 77/                 A      57 4 hv                         e7A"               / 12-5 7- 7 tA6•15- "(etc

                                                                                                                                                                                            el
     r. Ac:e t!...9./                        r i                 ..Fiv 6 4/                       A-vo       1tAhiA,                         /         00                te.--,bAct           *flier


p41 ray 2-4/                                   Ta          3,..g rA             7":6                        y AR,Est.ki                            ww..4                 e'r              cn          rfsbv


5 7- 4 N        g       7c 94                  CH Atte                                 /        70L6         7-1-1;e:5 2;*                 f ecial CSA S                                   --'a4-'L4 er


HA V g         77?1, . 6P 7 - S                        To            it! 0 -A:en                     PA' S                  - .A- s
                                                                                                                     l c ; //                          /0,,e          A,VCt               roA ,                    yiv C
                                                                                                                  are Jig&

A Ale.•                 revs                   is           0 77 MY               SVAL• t-.,4 ria/V,                       (.74/E                                   ./va_rr /928L-2-, /64 -6-etc
                I

‘friYA r                KW," A7                    AI ,v4                   WA                  ./-1q/P4        et., / e   ,4'/S             CHAR/IC                     -77s4.                     /frA S


11 a Al t      VALJ-c44Le                                7 -0        r,vzc         n" e              1g- if./LT iso_r/ 7-/ et<                                                      6/.0       r2/         /


   "           'Pt"'           ritew AA/0 vjdo A                                                  6-n- stA
                                                                                                  .-       _AM, e.1VT                                   dr" ,t) /-sti/ce.46-,
                                                                                                  yet& MEAL cal. entr'S                                 I4 g5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0
 A w, Y •                                         5L Atits                                  .S                             e.eitfr/                      !: SPCA,               AS         ALMN                    AW1;/--"N
                          a" TA a rcte.e.0                      rz..• RA/ e/ f              g           e
 //ICNAf            J     _WI -ft/ S                                                                                        114-1,               .1"        Var. /rev an                            a-77-5AC
                                                                                                                                                                                           Co


                    I            A 4:                        i    'A7          %/4/1,3-            tJa-SW-C                    GS< Tex ,            n e/3 rex)           AA

        recA R                   p ._,LiF;             11.-1 7",H    6evoli             ,f-.A      4°i/.            dr-CA            as        arc"       riws                         s


        ,A     LE                 to           i/c/ s c/            TE                         401-/ 7 -7",         Y     A A-Q1          .41SC.     t's-/e4W

        /VA 6.1./1/A/..(4                      / eft S           FA454r             /     rgt-1-/            c-t-,4<r.c 4_5 Alia . .12.2'S rAols                       CC ty1141C77

        kie        / C/If •              't4            A4/ 1
                                                            .0      Ad.         7 ra -li           K6.     , gets                     za/v_s:,                              b, A 4,0


         C/A            4J A / _5- pi,/                of/%1               e                   )   ets;c7                 0_, 7-      Advel        7.41      W,,'/r 5 iii;;•'‘) :               -.)

         Ame,                          6A
                                        - A- Ala"       74)       7-/716       -5A / 1-1.6= CIO /E, C L             S /       /C./    /721 r       nitt               66,      we: ca.!1
                                 / -


    1    /-/

               e-
                        ir               pf      AS


                                                C/As
                                                             A    fil o


                                                                 C'e, i///7,4 c 4 /
                                                                                        /KS        $45


                                                                                                7ff ..1-1-
                                                                                                             fl ,

                                                                                                                a E -4-;
                                                                                                                        vAhelA 4..4.5 .7-- 0


                                                                                                                                      ,o/v/                       TWO'         ccy!Lelte ir -


         /1 Atil-W _ea-SS/01-Y. 42C fi kii74:-Thi                                              A   ;6.1a 7 77, 4_.119                                             tr y _              et         _
        "dr/ tcese J. FOCAk                                          h i ao vs it _7W44.1: __Mr:: _el GA.                                               t.7.4.z7.rn                   gc;


         hited ,Dezcv                           it,;     r        rA--- ,A-             6:                                                      1.74 .frix/2/ A -4,/e.€4cizi
                                                                                                                                           _777.1


                                               A CZ?         Woht-s- .44/               " IN                              0           k!tel, C-4    c             7 7 , <&-7    Cat


         iA t pi             £'4e4'c1F                 ACAICK,                 re              co 4.//r.oye.///                       Li                      c
                                                                                                                                      KCS
         CiMI           t              1 h7-5 €7.6 56'S              A                                                        r.!7<e-s4 Li/                c:7 it-             -770
                             •
               I            t


0
                             cRARTS'RmIX


                         MY GERMAN COUNTERPART

                                 AND

                           THE DEVIL KNIFE


     ivi1At1ffkr,y6wAkEY0-19
     Duni-nrthis—peri,ed liki netted one of the most interesting men

I ever met -- Lieutenant Colonel Karl Haas, of the German Army.

The German Wermacht was mostly composed of honorable men and even

they had little use for the Gestapo and SS.       Karl Haas, for the

past two years, had been my counterpart in the German Army's

Military Intelligence.    We discussed the same operations, and how

he prepared them, how I caught them.       His version of the agents

that we played back with their radios was a success on our part.

He said it took them two weeks after the transmissions stopped to

realize we had supplied false information.        A five week

advantage, one of my most successful operations.

     Karl Haas, was a General Staff Officer at age 26 -- very

unusual, since the German General Staff was an elite group.          The

Italians used to ask me what the stars meant on my lapels.       I

used to answer, General Staff Corps.       They used to shake their

heads, "Yes, yes, now we understand why at age 27 you are in

charge of intelligence and security."       The more I tried to tell
                                              •


them it wasn't so in the United States Army, the more they smiled

and never really believed me.    If they found out later I was

appointed officially to the United States Army General Staff

Corps and wore the Green Eagle Badge, which, we called the "Green
00000000000 00000000000000000000000000000000
                                                    Hornet," on the left pocket of my blouse, then they would have

                                                    been sure they were right.

                                                         I used to take Haas to the Italian nightclubs, and there .

                                                    were always stares of disbelief among the Italians to see this

                                                    tall, blond German with me, tire Chief of United States Security.

                                                    We spoke mostly in Italian, although Haas spoke excellent

                                                    English.    I had his word of honor that he would not escape when

                                                    he was with me; however, he did escape the prison.

                                                         He had no place to go except to visit his old girl friends.

                                                    We caught him soon after. I sort of frightened him when I walked
                                               11   into the room and said, "I am going to shoot you."    After about

                                                    fifteen minutes, I °ate back in and said, "Haas, let's go eat."
                                               11
                                               2    He said, "I am sorry I escaped.   I knew you would get me, but I

                                                    had a good time until you caught me."

                                                         During one of our lighter moments, while having an after

                                                    dinner drink, Karl Haas said, "I have never told you that we once

                                                    held a meeting to discuss getting rid of you, because Rome had

                                                    been almost completely blacked out for intelligence, and the SS

                                                    and Gestapo were furious on how you ruthlesnly crushed their

                                                    agents.    They didn't like their methods being used against them.

                                                    The germanp high command was also angry over how you had caused

                                                    ,them considerable harm when you played back my agents.   I

                                                    objected to any attempt on your life.    But was over ruled."     Word

                                                    came back that you virtually butchered the first Gestapo hit man,

                                                    with a knife and shot him with his own gun.

                                                         I pulled my coat astde and said, "Karl, here is his gun and

                                                    here is the knife."   The devil knife appeared in my hand.    I

                                                    raised my glass to drink my after dinner drink, with the slight
                                                                     coc000c000c00000000000000000000000000000000
distraction it disappeared.   Karl, an unusual intelligent

individual said, "What a trick, no wonder we had trouble Sending

agents to "Get you,"   they were afraid of the devil knife, how do

you do it?   Would you, tell me?"   I answered, I see no harm in

telling you, the myth is now established.     And I think you can

attest to the fact that my perpetuation of it, even reached you

and had some effect on your operation."
0        THE STORY OF THE MAGIC KNIFE     •

0
0             Early in my tour in Rome, I decided to visit Switzerland

0        right after VE day.     The purpose of my visit was to go to 'Geneva

         and purchase a Path —Phillipe wristwatch.        This was a handmade

         watch and recognized as the world's most perfect timepiece. I

         bought a steel case Patek — Phillipe watch, since I didn't have

         enough money to buy a gold cased one.

              On my way back, I stopped in Milan, Italy, to visit friends

         at the local C,I.C.     On my way to the hotel, I stopped at a bar.

         I had an upset stomach, so the bartender offered me a "Campari"

         to settle my digestion.    I noticed a poster announcing a stage


    II   show musical.   The director's name was on the poster.,

         friend who had helped me ferret out communists in the Rome
                                                                      He was a


         theatrical community.    I looked at my new wristwatch and basked

         in the glow of perfection.    I guess the idea of its perfection

         made me feel good and was a constant reminder to emulate it.

              I saw that I had a half hour to curtain time.       T hailed a

         cab and made the show on time.       Durin,g intermission, I sent a

         note to the director.    The usher returned and asked me to

         accompany him backstage.    My friend was happy to see me, and I

         was invited to dine with the cast after the show.       I gladly

         'ccepted since they were delightful people.       One of the cast was

         a magician, and I had seen his act.      He made a knife appear in

         his hand and sliced an apple-, the knife disappeared, he began

         eating the apple, threw a handkerchief over it, shook it, and the

         apple came out whole again.
             I asked to meet the magicidn.    This was immediately

     arranged.     I was not interested in the apple, but I was intrigued

     by the appearing and disappearing knife.       When I was introduced,

     and told him I was interested in the knife disappearing trick, he

     was most cooperative.     At the pressure of his thumb, the blade of

     the knife would come out or retract into the handle.       The handle

     had two small pieces which snap fitted over a wire.       A spring

     wire with some small pulleys was attached to the sleeve of his

     coat.    The knife handle snapped onto the wire.     A slight pressure

     would ease the knife into his hand.       Thumb pressure released the

     spring loaded blade or retracted it.       I paid him well for one of
2,   the sleeve systems.    (His arm had to be bare because he often,
 1
3    during his act, pulled up his sleeve.)       Upon my return to Rome, I

     had a duplicate of my stilleto made with a retracting blade.         And

     so was born the illusion of the devil knife which strangely could
 1   appear or disappear in my hand.    I brought the contraption home,

     and instead of a knife I attached a derringer to it. I often

     thought, what a phony act for a United States Army Officer to

Li   play.    But, on the other hand, any trick, clean or dirty, was

     justified in order to protect the lives of the Americans in Rome.

     My C.I.C. agents were constantly on mit to show them how I did the

     trick.    I used to.laugh and say "Magic."     Especially when the

     fake knife would disappear, I would pull up my sleeve and reach

     Back and pull out the real knife.       This was always good for

     another round of drinks.    As I ended my story, I reached, back and

     drew the real knife and said, "Karl,. this is the real knife not

     an illusion."    He said, "May I see it?"     I handed it to him.    He

     turned it over and over and said, "Beautiful."
                                           11
000
                                           ha

                                           Li           He inquired, "Philip, you dine in this nightclub, at ease.


                                           11   Don't you fear an attack?

                                                communist hate you.
                                                                               We sent men to "Get You" and the

                                                                        Are you a fatalist or --"    I stopped him. and

                                                said,    "Karl, did you leave things to chance?     I know you didn't.

                                                Did you notice they sit me with my back to the wall.       Look at the


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                bulge under our waiters arm.      Every waiter in this place is on my

                                                payroll, the doorman is an Italian policeman, and my driver is an

                                                Italian Custom's Officer and one of my best men.       Have you

                                                noticed he is watching over us. Although, I do take a lot of

                                                stupid chances; I don't have to tell you that people like us plan

                                                well, but we also believe, we live charmed lives, I believe in

                                                this.    I destroyed the Gestapo killer, because of an instinct, I

                                                got the "jump" on him that made me draw my knife without

                                                thinking, since I felt the reason for his presence."

                                                     He leaned back and said, "Yes, I understand and we both will

                                                survive.    I. am glad I met you."   "Yes, Karl, I suppose people

                                                Like us are survivors."

                                                     That night I made him an offer.      I said, "Many criminals are

                                                escaping to South America.      During this period of turmoil, why

                                                don't you go to South America and help us keep track of these

                                                criminals."    He accepted..   We sent him to the C.I.C. in Germany.

                                                I never heard from him again.

                                                     I have often thought about Karl Haas and wondered what might

                                                have happened to him.    At the time recently of the Klaus Barbie

                                                .business in France, I've wondered whether our people in Germany

                                                saw the potential in him that seemed self evident to me.

                                                Certainly, there would be no moral issue in using him for our

                                                side in the never ending "Cold War" against the communists.         Or,
                                                                        0
                                                                        0
     at least, my moral scruples would not be offended by such use of
                                                                        0
     someone like Colonel Haas.   Critfcs will probably say,' "Just
                                                                        CD
     another example of Corso justifying his actions by, "The end       0
     justifies the means" argument.   Maybe they are right, but I       0
                                                                        0
     didn't think so then, nor do I now.
                                                                        0


                                                                        C

                                                                        CD
                                                                        CD
                                                                        CD
                                                                        CD
                                                                        CD
                                                                        C)
                                                                        CD
r]


 1
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                         UNMASKING THE "DEVIL" KNIFE


                                                              During a conference with General Dasher, I brought up the

                                                         subject that, "The Italians had wined and dined us many times and

                                                         I would like ,to reciprocate.   I would like to invite the Chief of

                                                         Police of Italy, the Chief of Italian Intelligence and their

                                                         respective staffs.   Interspersed with my C.I.C. and F.S.C. agents

                                                         who spoke Italian.   I would try to save enough from the

                                                        .confidential funds to defray. expenses."     General Dasher answered,

                                                         "I think you have a good idea Phil, and I will invite, General

                                                         Smith, from AFFIG, and ask General Lowe.'    I will make funds
                                                   Li
                                                         available from our headquarters money.      Go ahead with the planth."

                                                              My old friend, Mario, the headwaiter at the G.I. restaurant,
                                              2          had now become Major - demo at a beautiful nightclub, north of

                                              it         Rome, on the ocean, at a place called Fregene.      It would make an
                                              2                                                                    I sat down
                                                         ideal setting. I called Mario and said I was coming.

                                                         with him and the owner'.   I began, "I will be the host for

                                                         cocktails and a dinner for the Chief of Police of Italy, the
                                              fi
                                                        ..Chief of         their staffs, my commanding General and other

                                                         high ranking officers, and gentlemen, I want to Make a "Buon

                                                         Figura" (good showing). To an Italian restaurant owner this is

                                                         virtually a challenge similar as a."Duel of Death."      They both

                                                        .stood up and said, "Senor, go back. to Rome and leave everything

                                                         to us.   You .have our word and we stake our honor, this will be an

                                                         occasion long to be remembered.    We will do yqu honor."     I shook

                                                         hands with both and said, "I know friends, this is why I came

                                                         kepP;
     The night of the dinner I arrived early, mainly to check

security arrangements.    A private area was cordoned off and it

was beautifully decorated with flowers and shrubs and moveable

walls with 'murals done in excellent taste.    There was one waiter
for every two guests.    I lined them up and each received a carton

of cigarettes and 20,000 lire.    When the guest began to arrive.

The waiters brought out a huge swan, carved. from ice.   The center
between the wings was hollow and filled with a special cocktail

mixture created for the occasion.     We had the usual delicious

appetizers.    I always had to be careful not to make a full meal

of them.   The 'main course was turkey. Beautiful large birds of

over 20 1b8.    They had drumsticks, breast, wings, etc., but the

surprise was they were boneless and molded to look real and all

white meat with all the trimmings.    There were two desserts.     One

a huge mound of cream and inside was chopped cooked chestnuts

mixed with chocolate. The other was a half, round watermelon with

a handle of the rind.    Gold strands of brown sugar covered it.

Inside was chopped melon mixed with chocolate and cream.    The

entire meal and service was outstanding and a work of art and a

model of efficiency.

     I interpreted for General Dasher ana the Chief of Police,           Co
Ferrari.   Colonel Morena, Chief of C.I.C. translated for General

Smith of AFHQ and General Depasquale, Chief of S.I.M. Major

Downs, Head of my British FSC, interpreted for Brigadier Lowe and

Colonel Middleton, Chief of Staff of Rome Area Allied Command.

     After dinner General Dasher came to me and said, "I see no

security, but knowing you, it mbst be as tight as a drum.     I

said, "Yes, Sir, I took no chances.    The road from Fregene to
                                                                         •


Rome has a celere jeep, a C.I.C. jeep or FSC cars every quarter

mile.       Prefect Moro is a guest, but he set up the road 'patrols.

My customs guards guard the perimeter of the restaurant.          The
doorman and attendants are Italian Police.       The waiters are my

paid waiters from the Club 57, in Rome.       Note, each is armed.

Your waiter and the Chief of Policeg, is Lieutenant Franco of the

Customs Guards who I consider the best.       The two headwaiters

Mario and Paolo are veterans and exceptional individuals."          He

smiled and at that moment Chief Ferrari came up and I should not

have been surprised when the conversation turned to the "Devil

Knife" and Chief Ferrari put his arm around me.

       The next morning I was called by General Dasher.     He spoke

of the dinner in glowing terms.       He said, "It solidified our

relationship and was well worth the expense."       The tab was

$1,8000.00 and $200.00 from my confidential funds to feed the

security guards and I made sure my favorites the "Celere" squad

were well taken care of for the highway security.
   111N15
    (The General-Drasker hit me with a small bomb which put me in

a temporally uncomfortable position when he said, "Phil, what is

this "Devil's Knife" which you carry and Chief Ferrari speaks of

in such glowing terms.      He said it strikes terrbr in the hearts

of our enemies. 'If there is such a thing I would like to see

it."

       I stuttered and mumbled, "Yes, Sir"     I reached back and

pulled out the stiletto.      The General had a slight smile and a

look of surprise, He said, "Let me see it."       I handed it to him

and said, be .careful Sir, it is razor sharp."      I blushed at his

next remark., "But Chief Ferrari said it will only out at its,
                                                                              ' PA'


    masters' command."     He pressed the buzzer and said, "Edwin, come

    in here I want to show you something."      I had a sinking feeling

    in my stomach, now the old intelligence pro, Brigadier General

    Lowe would evaluate the situation,    General Dasher snid, "Look at

    this Edwin."     He held up the stilleto.   General Dasher said, "It

    belongs to our G-2 and Chief Ferrari said it strikes terror in

    the hearts of our enemies and is known as the "Devil's K nife."       I

i   tried to explain, "I perpetuate the myth because it is in our

    best interest."

           Brigadier Lowe, then surprisingly said, "My chaps have

    mentioned that it appears and disappears like magic.     Is that

    so?"   I said, meekly, "yes, Sir."   I straightened my arm and the

    magician knife appeared in my hand.    General Dasher exclaimed,

    "I'll be damned!"    It disappeared, and he added, "Edwin', we have

    a magician in our midst." I explained, "It is done by simple

    pulleys and a spring. A magician taught me,"     They both laughed

    and Brigadier Lowe, the old fox said, "In our trade everything

    goes."   He turned to me and continued, "Good show, Charles this

    boy will go far and surviye."    General Dasher answered, "I am

    sure he will."    I left, I had been sweating, and I felt better

    now that these two wonderful men knew, understood, and approved

    my un-officer like act.
                                              Lii                 A       E,tv         DAyS        LA PER                wAli(so /aro                                                            eis.,=/.447 A&2


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                                                                                  J                                            416sse./E7(1 tc-ei
                                                    AS       81) re        _5 r(fAR          To /9/pl.                             Aft    Ar                        Ave 7-01-e                   ro sir „tic kid/
                                                    AND        sm              W /)AT"        /5 0,1, ncm, Altd/e,                                       /      476 6 AA) /l ,fr"        r cm,    ,    A nif ;v
                                                         W     Lr- /i s    &ACK. A            HA m CA HE" ,c; 7- en' 771e sfrAz eu—s its /                                               WAS      4i; AL                 7befr-
                                                     1.
                                                      C LP'S Si,               ES Ati.Z.4 Ed A 6 VA/.                       dY /WS7/re-/CT-                     /       447g w      r
                                                         S     A-5- fi f       /WS              SAI      A A'Af       fi n triAl                      6 04-- ra                          I Sr; JAC A A2A1                  AeL1-
                                                                   19 A cite 4)         0v64        11,/ TN           5- JF,Cr /7,44,a 70, n                                     az,,o                suer
                                                             r/frex                    Air ISL                JAD,          /      ra L-4                               L./ AA/ /sae G.) ca,          7e    rA ierzh-
                                                             A tc-Ar. A40 se4v4 ne                       A 4-4 / /14 GRS A 4/4 1'4E4"                                tr's.vs.                          h'er"--      at4-chrAfflt1
                                                             Nir WA 5          A       Ca STAno            jr/LO.LCA'              OM     A-5         14.•,&- CALL /     11,W .27-                      •
                                                              /I'S 6o,c/ wa--/Ecir                 A•0   )7- /1A 5                             TE -          .19 r -E        rile    &.fr-tOrAtek,               air s
                                                              /./five: nY          H.07- 11- eSS.

                                                                          ge   ICOKaD              Ar HP /0i/te.A7.4/4 /79s A./                                     Axe SA/t              wirilon - A                  CA'ANCE
                                                              C        E X flRESs             /4    •2 Tyre: v al/ 7- SoI ' ?WA r                       /7          WAS ye e-• A.veed rovee                         V/ C-

                                                               ir //iice r .       /    /Pr CZ% v.s0          Iserrie              /net     Loy)         .0.)/          rN A 7 -         .4A4/as Act. 5
                                                                  GES r" it Po          frit Len                          u-As as/r 4", 47 A az- Y.,
                                                                                                         WAS -cEivr .9Eset Ame Air
                                                                  A/e-5- Age A.VC1QY remr• /1,49/14,-- ij aLAC/Ca-4 Oh-7- 2'47  7,"4=fit, A lt I Ci.nj
                                                                                                                             4'
                                                                   SAY re Yoe', yr ).-1      deia. &00O Sif0 kV, Dv 7- At CA/RE-,Cl/h. 77)e ,v
                                                                      w/A 4- Se-iv            c TWO 4S.           /     ir.veW /az) Wa.t                        Ler                 isiorflA /by
                                                                             SA/4i 410 sin) 68:e/ e/15//en  Au'-A)- wootii yeio ZS.7-- heIn .
                                                                                                                    ft
                                                                      i( NOW WNEN fi e -   rusPIVS/ we AA's*. a ES / la/LL   )<de/ Ags• A
                                                                      s't/RtovGee          thY7 .52-,41, AL net;    Yo a AlId .5 7-- AS ea/A/5 14, 5-74-4.
                                                                                        )                                                                .1 'A#.4
                                                                      Aift       I -Ail-in/a Stich.' /4/1/-v-s'  TV  Ges-7- Yoa, IresP VP 2-12'E cacti
                                                                                 .45     )     WAS LEA Vu                                ;Wen) lir                      ).          ,C04 r       A/        tr-    ro      //A vr
                                                                       Sc"CH AA'               ) )9650 SI-A/ea/ evG                fi n enreSS/ eivA- L. AS A                       Coil-nt1-0‘41--c4P
                                     CHAPTER XI

 tgi
                                ECONOMIC INTELLIGENCE

                                   "THE PIRATE"


            During the end of 1945 and in 1986, I saw the situation

       changing.   Mopping-up operations were over.' We turned our

       internment camps over to the Italians, and all trials of security

       threats and collaborators were given to the Italian judicial

if?    system.   Our constitutional lawyers, ACLU, and human rights

       activists will squirm and beat their chest at the system which
dr     was established.   In cases of dangerous individuals, such as

I]     saboteurs or agent provocateurs, the sentence Was always set

       before the case went to trail.
11          At this juncture, an event happened which adjusted my flow

       of information to the changing mission -- economic intelligence.

       nardhese Serena, the shipping magnate who kwd introduced me to

       the Borgia Princess, who wanted to toudh my, knife, called me.        He

       was terribly agitated.    He said, "Filippo, there are

       demonstrations, and the police have cordoned off the area.       My

       brother and niece' are in the area.    He has a temper, and I am

       afraid he might do something rash and get hurt; can you help me?"

       T told him, "I will pick .you up.in ten minutes."     I took a jeep

       and 'picked him up at his office.     Marchese Serena was known in

       ItalThn circles as "The Pirate."    When I came into Rome, the

       allied list of people to arrest had his name on it.      He was a

       suspected collaborator, because he ran his ships which carried
                                                                                   70
a
         food -- fruit, fish and vegetables -- from the islands to Italian

         cities.     I found out the collaboration charge was unfounded.      He
         was a man of considerable courage and defied the Nazis.      This


    IT   fact was confirmed by the Vatican authorities.       He and his

         family, with most of hia wealth, stayed in the Vatican when we

         were advancing and the Gestapo was looking for him.      He was

         Jewish but married to a Catholic.

                 When I released him, he came to my office.   He said, "You

         did your duty, and I thank you for clearing my name of suspicion.

         But, above all, I wanted to meet the man who strikes terror into

         the hearts of th,ose inhuman types in the prison; and they speak

         of you in hushed tones."    I remember answering him with a laugh,

         "You see, Marchese, I am not a monster; in fact, I don't even

         look the part."

a               When we reached the police cordon, I stopped and said,
a   r i "Marchese, wait here with the police; I will be back in about a
a
a   si
         half hour."    He angrily answered, "Absolutely not; you are taking

         a risk for my family, at my request -- we go together!"      I saw I

a        could not dissuade this type of individual.    So I said, "All -
a        right, but you do as I say."    He answered, "Yes, naturally."       I

         looked ,at him, "Give me your pistol; it is useless against a

         mob."    I handed it .to the police officer along with my pistol and

         told him to hold them until my return.    Then I inStructed •Serena,

a        "if we are stopped by communist provocateurs, they may recognize

         you.    You are my prisoner and, if necessary,. I will do the

         talking."    Then I instructed the police officer, "Call Prefect

         More, and tell.hiM I am going to this address (which I repeated)

         and will be back in a half hour.    He saluted and said, "Si, Senor
      'Colonello.'"

              When we reached our destination, there was a crowd in an

      ugly mood yelling, "Hail to the Republic."      This was before the.

      election. I drove through the crowd and stopped in a clear spot

      from the building.     I told the Marchese, "Wait here."     I walked
      through the crowd.     I was wearing a short Eisenhower jacket.       It
      pulled up in the back, and my stilleto was visible.       I heard
      exclamations, "E lui."    "It is him."   The occupants had been

      watching, and the Marchese 'a brother and his young daughter came

      out.     I greeted them and said, "Veni."   "Come."   I put them in

      the jeep., and we, drove off.   Fearless outer appearance, perhaps;

      but my shirt under the jacket was soaking wet from perspiration,

      and it was a cool day.

              When we reached the police checkpoint, there was Prefect

      Moro, with his entire ""Celere Squad," lined up in riot — ready

      formation.     He saluted, handed me our pistols and said, "You

      could have waited; I would have cleared the area."        I said, "But,

      my friend, there was no danger."     He looked at me and said, "Sc

      you always say."    I answered, "Thank you, Moro, and thank your

Cu:   men; I will see you at the stable tomorrow.     Have 'Corso' ready,

      and we will go riding."

              As we rode between the "Celerc" jeeps, the men all snapped

      at attention.    I heard the young girl ask her Father, "Who is

      he !'

              For years Serena's sailors had been gathering intelligence

      for me from every corner of the Mediterranean.        When I went

      aboard their ships, which were island hoppers, I was always

      greeted like a visiting dignitary and served a delicious meal.
                                                                                                                                  I DV


                                                         Soon after the episode, where I picked up the Marchests brother

                                                         and niece, I was invited to dinner at his home.


0000 000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                                                                             When I arrived,

                                                         there was present a group of distinguished — looking men.        They.
                                                         all arose when I entered.     I was introduced to each by Serena.

                                                         Represented were the largest industrialists in Italy:     for

                                                         example, Salvatore Scslera, the man who had built most of the

                                                         railroads, harbors and roads in Italy.     I sensed that the wily

                                                         old Pirate Serena had something up his sleeve.     I was sure it
                                                   -F1
                                                         would develop in a hurry.     The sumptuous dinner was served and

                                                         ended with small talk conc• erning the political situation in
                                               n
                                               if Italy.            What was .unusual of the gathering was, that there were no

                                               -         wives present.     After dinner, we retired to the large living room

                                                         for after dinner drinks.     Marchese Serena finally began,

                                                 LI "Gentlemen, we are proud to have here as our honored guest, the
                                               31:
                                                    Head of Security and Intelligence of the Rome area Allied .

                                                         Command.    He will tell you he doesn't look the part; but I will
                                               a:
                                               1] tell yo-u, friends, he fills the part.           Don't be fooled by his

                                                         boyish, soft—spoken, easy going approach.     Our enemies will
                                                     1
                                               -


                                                         attest to that.    The enemies of Italy respect and fear him with

                                                         good cause.    I will not have to cover his exploits.   You know

                                                         them.   I have seen him act with my own eyes.    The Church, our

                                                         government, our army, our security forces respect him above all

                                                         others who have come to our shores.     We owe him a great debt of

                                                    1 gratitude, for which we can never repay him, because he refuses

                                                         to accept any.    He will say that what he did was his job.     Thank

                                                         God, he came.. The Italian Security Fprces and Government say,
                                               5 I 'He is one of ours.'          I know he will leave just as unpretentious

                                                         and quietly as he came, asking nothing but a strong and stable
                                                                                 p..


     'Italy."


,
    Ii      I was a little uncomfortable with all these plaudits and was

        lad when they ended.   Finally, the reason for the gathering come.
;
             One of the industrialists spoke up and said, "Senor, we are

:4-T11 faced with ruin and don't know were to turn.       The COIL

    Lkcommunist - controlled Labor Union) forces us to keep our

flore-war and wartime workers on our payroll, even when we have no
 1J
awork or have to close some plants, or reorganize our industry.

    dlt the rate we are going, it is only a matter of time before the

tzommuni.sts accomplish their mission and ruin Italy's industrial
     D rise."

            They all looked at me.   I expected something like this.

liAfter a long pause, I began, "Gentlemen, I excuse your lack of

j       ulowledge of my command and the proficiency of able public

        ervants in your government, beginning with your Prime Minister.

        ou have been fighting so hard to preserve your industries that

     ,rou forgot we existed.    We have been closely monitoring your

Tisituation.       We do not publicize our information or announce our

        ntentions."   I then pointed to one of them, named him and began

     _a detailed resume' of his industry, including number of workers,

     •L ayroll, number of those being paid for not working, and cost.
     •
     rhen I gave a detailed accounting of his financial situation. I

7.4 repeated the same scenario for each man present. I could see,
a
- p'ut Of the corner of my eye, the old Pirate Serena smiling like a
29

     Cheshire cat.

            I continued, "A few months back, the communists were

     'gathering arms for a possible revolution.    If it would have

     happened, you would of been destroyed.     I personally led the

                                                                           --„
                                                                             el a


D    raids where we destroyed a dozen arms depots in Home; and those

0    guards who wouldn't surrender, we eliminated.     Your Chief of
0    Police, Ferrari, raided the arsenals and took control.     The
0
     communist workers were dismissed.     This was the first chink in
0
0    the CGIL's armor.     The Italian Security Forces are getting
0    stronger.    They will be able to handle any problems from your

     workers.     The government will help you in getting established,

     and we will support them." .

          Each said, "What can we do to help?"    I answered, "Keep the
0    pertinent information coming to us."    I had a new pipeline for

     valuable intelligence.
0
          The last to leave was Senor. Scaleri, the owner of the huge

     international construction firm.     He invited me to his home for

     dinner.    I accepted and met his family.

          After dinner, he invited me into his study to talk, just the

     two of us.    He began, "When I was arrested, the Senora, perhaps

     ill advised but through emotion, offered you her extensive

     collection .of diamonds. to have me released.   You turned her down;

     but soon after, my treatment became much better and I was

     released."

         "Senor
          ,     Scalera,"     I answered. "I gave no order to have you

     released.    But I did, as Lusually do, sent word to the Minister

    of Grace and Justice, 'Prove your case or drop it.     Don't try

    Spalsra on the front page. of the. communist newspaper, Unita.'      I

    did this many. times before for others; and they knew if I. called

    and.thSy had no propf, they could end up, in jail, or worse."

         Then came the real reaion for the invitation,. he began,

    .."Senor:Corso, I own one of the largest construction firms in the
       world.    There is much to be done in your new world.    I am
       expanding my operation to South America.      Headquarters will be in
       Argentina.     I knew about you before we met at Marchese Serena's

       home.    I need men of action, intelligence, vision and courage.

       When you job is finished in Rome, I offer you a position with my

       firm.    I visualize moving the headquarters, in the future, to New

       York."

            I had expected this offer, so I responded, "Senor, I wish to

       thank you; but I am an United States Army Officer, and there is

       much to be done.    Perhaps in the future."

            He came beck, "As long as I am head of this firm, the offer         •

       stands."

            I look back many times.    Should I have accepted and become
it
       an executive of one of the world's largest construction firms?"

       Instead, my future was Korea, the White House Staff, Vietnam.        I

It I
       don't regret my decision.    Later, I did become the Washington

       representative of a large United States company, Maremont

       Corporation.

            A few weeks after the meeting with industrialists, I

       received a call from Marchese Serena.    He said, he and his family

       were going to spend two weeks at his villa on the Isle of Capri

       and he wanted me to go with them.     He continued that we would

       stay in his smaller villa, since the allies had requisitioned his

       large villa and were using it as a honeymoon villa for freshly

       married allied personnel.    I gladly accepted since I had not had

       a leave for years.    The so - called small villa was a beautiful

       place and I was treated as a member of his family.

            I wandered around the island with the Marohesels son
00
                                                  Drunello and his Son     in - Law Paolo Pucci.   The Son - in - Law


00000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                  was a happy - go - lucky type.     He had been a fighter pilot and

                                                  once told me he landed at the Rome airport and got punished when

                                                  the General caught him with a cockpit full of oranges he had

                                                  smuggled into Italy.    His version was quite hilarious, He said,

                                                  "I was at attention saluting and oranges were rolling all over

                                                  the runway.   They rapped my knuckles, but there was a shortage of

                                                  pilots so they had to vacate my sentence."

                                                       We wandered in the streets around the Rest Center Hotel for

                                            21r   American soldiers. I was dressed in a "T" shirt, shorts and capri

                                                  sandals made of rope.   The streets were full of Italian vendors,

                                                  selling everything imaginable.     We dickered for small items and

                                                  became quite friendly, with the vendors.    They began to unravel a

                                                  tale on how the United States Colonel, in charge of the Rest

                                                  Center Hotel was cheating the G.I.'s     He was overcharging,

                                                  shorting them on food and shipping truck loads to Naples to sell

                                                  on the black market.    He was buying up property, owned three

                                                  villas and placed them in the name of his mistress.     I called

                                                  General Dasher in Rome and filled him in on the situation.      The

                                                  next day he called and said I had the Theater Commander's

                                                  authority to arrest the Colonel.    I called Lieutenant Colonel

                                                  Gono Morena, my C.I.C. Chief in Rome and told him to send two

                                                  agents and Prefect Moro.   They arrived the next day.    I put on my

                                                  Uniform and web belt.   When the four of us arrived at the hotel,

                                                  the 'vendors recognized me and scattered for cover.   They never

                                                  imagfned that t was an United States Army Officer and Chief of

                                                  Security in Rothe.

                                                       We went in and entered the hotel.     The Colonel was in his

                                                                                                                     -   ,
                                                                         C)
                                                                         C)
 office.    He got up and said, "What do you want?" I answered, "We      CD
                                                                         CD
 want you, and Prefect Moro wants your mistress.     You are under       CD
 arrest.    M.P.'s will take you to Maples to stand court martial.       CD
 We took his books and verified everything the vendors had told          CD
 us.    I then told the head of local police, who had dome to pay
                                                                         CD
                                                                         CD
 his respects to Prefect Moro.     Please ask the vendors to come        CD
 back because I want to thank them personally.                           C)
        That night Marchese Serena invited my friends to his villa       CD
 for dinner and the best of wines.
                                                                         CD
                                       Everyone present enjoyed the
                                                                         CD
 company and the Marchese Serena was a perfect hostess.     The next     CD
 day we were back in the streets around the rest hotel.     I went       CD
 through the croWds and shook hands and thanked them individually.
                                                                         CD
                                                                         CD
 They were all smiles and I said, "All of you will make more money
                                                                         CD
 now, since the G.I.'s will have more mOney.to spend."     However, I    CD
 think I had a better time when they didn't know my identity.        I   CD
 could no longer enjoy negotiating with them and hear their quaint
                                                                         CD
                                                                         CD
 expressions, such as, "My children will starve if we lower the          CD
 price anymore."    and my friend Pucci always put on a show in the      CD
 bargaining.
                                                                         CD
                                                                         CD
        The Marchese didn't want us to wander around late at night
                                                                         CD
 because he did not want us to associate with many of the shady          CD
type visitors, that frequented the Isle of Capri.      Pucci, the        CD
                                                                         CD
Son - in - Law, used to quietly come and get me up about 11:30
                                                                         CD
'p.m.    We would sneak off.   He enjoyed going to the gay bars, both    CD
male and lesbian, to make insulting remarks.      I would get him out    CD
of these bars and tell him, "Leave them alone."      He was stocky
                                                                         CD
                                                                         CD
 built and was never challenged.     We made a tour of all the bars
                                                                         CD
and about 2 or 3 a.m. would head home.     The first night went          CD
                                                                         CD
                                                                         CD
                                                                         CD
                                                                          CD
                                                                          CD
                                               fine.   My purpose was not to visit bars, or not to make slurs on

                                               anyone's life style, but to experience how caprits night. life


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                               swirled.   To me it was enjoyable and my friend, despite his .

                                               harshness was an excellent companion and guide.

                                                    We returned to the villa about 2 a.m., feeling no pain and

                                               aglow from the wine.    We entered laughing. Stiddenly a light    C2MC

                                              _on and there standing with a scowl on his face was the Marchese.

                                               He berated and scolded, "I know my Son — in — Law is a

                                               "Vagabondo" and incorrigible, but you — the most respected and

                                               admired American Officer in Rome, being led astray by such as him

                                               and acting like a hoodlum."    He turned and left .us standing.       I

                                               turned to Paolo and said, "Wow, are we in the dog house!"        My

                                               bompanion shrugged and said, I have been through this before, his

                                               bark is worse than his bite.

                                                    The next morning the whole family was at breakfast.      The

                                               Marchese, the daughter, Paolo's wife, Brunello, the Son and his

                                               wife and the two "Vagabonds", Paolo and myself.      The Marchese

                                               came in, and sat down without saying a word.    The Marshesa asked

                                               him, "Is something wrong?"    He answered, "Ask those two

                                              "Mascalzoni" (a term which translated combines undisciplined,

                                               bum, unruly, bad).    The girls snickered, an angry look quieted

                                               them immediately.

                                                    After breakfast we headed for the veranda.      The Marchese, a

                                              kindly woman nearing 60, took my arm and said, "Filippo, you know

                                              'he thinks the world of you.    You are like a Son.    He constantly

                                               brags about you.    How alone you walked into a howling mob and how

                                               your presence awed them, and the police of the feared "Celere"

                                              squad, stand at attention in your presence and obey your orders."
                                                                              '


        I reached over and placed my hand on hers and said,

 "Marchese, don't tell him, but I felt good about the scolding.           A
 few years ago, I was working in a steel mill.        We had to rise at

 6 a.m.    I used to try to:. get home at 5 a.m. and quickly go to bed

 before my father got up.    One morning as I opened the door, like

 last night the light came 'on, and my Father was standing there.

 I won't repeat what he said.

        Last night I relived, that episode, and I was justly berated

 by my Father away from home.

        She looked up and kissed me on the cheek.     She ended by

 saying, "Tell. him."   I answered, "I will."

        That night they were having a reception, mainly to introduce

 me to his friends.     The guest began to arrive.    I went in to the

 study and said, "Mershese, "May I speak to you?"        He said, "Yes."

 I told him the story how my Father berated me for a similar

 childish act.    I ended by saying, "I will confess your scolding,

 instead of remorse, made me feel good.     My Father away from home

 was concerned about his irresponsible Son's conduct and well

 being.    Will you accept my apology?"

    •   He put both' arms out and we embraced and He said, "I am

.proud to be your Father away from home."        Arm in arm we walked

 into the reception. I could see, the Marchese smiling.       And I

 could see Paolo planning his next.escapade.       I went to him and

F. said, " Don't include .Me, I .am a coward."   The "Old Pirate" had a

'kidney condition.    Just' before I left for Korea, I received

 notice that he had passed away.     I felt a great loss.
                                         al   I   J.VCLI   ill   16aly, tne Marchese.

     Serena's wife and daughter decided to take her shopping.                 I told

     her to be careful, I was not a shipping magnate but only an Army

     Officer.    That evening she raved over an evening gown she had

     tried on. I asked where she had seen this gown, I recognized it

     was one of the most exclusive shops in Rome and known even in New

     York.

          The gown as described was all satin, with a glittering green

     top, which was made of a stiff material and set on the shoulders.

     I called the Marches's daughter and asked her the price of the

     gown.   She said "$800.00"   I replied "Out of the question!"               She

     said, "Wait, Filippo, the owner wants to give it to your wife."
      I said back, "What is the Catch, what does she want of me?"                    She
      answered, "Her Son is an Italian policeman.                 He is stationed in
      Milan and would like to have him transferred to Rome."

             A simple phone call would have effected the transfer.               I
      never made the call because an obligation on my part would have

     gone with it. Eunice never got the gown and after 45 years still

     reminds me!


Ti
                                                                        •-%"


                               CHAPTER XIII


                             ITALIAN COMMUNISM

                                    vs.

                             RUSSIAN COMMUNISM


         In Rome I rubbed shoulders with the nobility, partied with

 the jet —set, dined with the social elite, conferred with the

 heads of the government, met with the Captains of industry,

 honored by the Church, and had the respect and admiration of the

 Italian military and security forces; but much of my intelligence

'came from my association and identity with the grass roots and

 the underground.

         The United States Army was subsidizing a group of civilian

 restaurants in Rome.     A soldier on rest and recuperation could

 get a steak dinner with all the trimmings for about 50 cents.

 One G.I. I knew, ate five eggs and two steaks for breakfast for

 one dollar.    Periodically, I visited these restaurants, generally

 accompanied by an Italian police official or my giant carabiniere

 aide, Visconti, in uniform, filled with all of his 6' 7" frame                C)

 and weighing 300, pounds.    I had two purposes, check the food and           C)

 make sure security was adequate.
                                                                               CD
      The soldiers were usually on leave from combat units and                 C)
'tended at times to be rowdy.     One day I walked in, and there was

 a group of about a dozen soldiers at a table.     They were drinking

 wine.    One of them saw me and said, "Hey, Colonel, you slumming?"

I disregarded the crack.      I saw the Italian waiter talking to
00000000000
                                     Li   him.    At that point, Visconti walked in.    The same soldier

                                          hollered, "Hey, Major, the Eytie waiter said you were a British

                                          commando and carry a knife; why do you need that goon?"

                                          resented the reference to the loyal Visconti and bristled.         I

                                          started toward the table; there was a hush.        I was wearing my

                                          summer uniform, and the blouse had a slit on the lower right.           I

                                          said, "I wasn't a british commando, but I do carry a knife."           In

                                          a quick snap I stuck, with a thud, the stiletto on the table.           It


  00000000000000000000000000000000
                                          quivered.    I reached over and retrieved    it.    I noticed a Master

                                          Sergeant came up behind the tipsy soldier.         A quick survey of his

                                     11   ribbons showed the Silver Star and DSC. Ale was ready to yank the

                                          young soldier from his chair.    I motioned not to and said,

                                          "Sergeant, would you join me for lunch?"      He did.    I told him,

                                          "Sergeant, no sweat; he was letting off a.little steam."         Just

                                          before I left, the young soldier came up to me and said, "I meant

                                          no disrespect, Sir."    I said, "I was a G.I. once, and I

                                          understand."    He was surprised and wanted to shake my hand, then

                                          saluted.

                                                 The waiters and other Italians were all buzzing excitedly.

                                          They had seen for the first time the "devil knife" and were

                                          saying it appeared from nowhere and is not a myth; it was real

                                          and flashed like the sun.

                                                 I used this to my advantage.   During my nocturnal prowlings,

                                            used to visit this restaurant.      The headwaiter was a communist

                                          sector chief, and all the waiters and cooks were communists.           The

                                          headwaiter, a wiry little man, was obviously Ii Capo        (or l boss).

                                          Many nights .after the restaurant closed, I used to sit at a large

                                          table, drinking wine, and discussing mainly political matters.
         There were some heated arguments on communism, and I could cuss

         and swear 1n Italian with the best of them.     Usually, we sat at a
         large table.   Sometimes as many as twenty were seated.    One night
         two of them got in a name - calling match and were ready to come

         to blows.   One reached for a knife.    I stepped in and said, "When

        I am eating and drinking with my friends, I. don't like

        disruptions such as this; it isn't good for my digestion.;
:711    Then in Sicilian dialect I said, "Ti tago        coda con il cotedo."

        This meant "I will out your throat with a knife."      The headwaiter

        and some of the others were Sicilian, and they understood.        The

        others didn' .   The headwaiter translated and said, " 'He will

        cut your throat with his knife.'    Sit down because you know he

:11     might do it."    The rumpus quieted down, and I ordered wine for

        everyone.

               The headwaiter turned to me and said, "You never cease to

        amaze me.    You speak the Sicilian dialect; where did you learn

        it?"    I replied, "My parents came to America in 1902, and my

        Grandfather spoke only in dialect.      I was quick to learn and can


  1     speak it very well."

               Prefect Moro, of the Lightning Squad was a Sicilian.       When

        we cdnversed in dialect, his men were amused; since the ordinary

        Italian cannot understand the dialect.      My liaison officer,

        Captain Mario Bolaffio, a Lawyer by trade, could not understand

       '.us when I spoke to his boss, General Pompeo Agrifoglio, Chief of

        Italian Intelligence, in dialect.    To better Understand my

        mastery of the dialect, I went to the hometown, near Palermo,

        where my parents were born.    A relative of mine took me one night

        to a small dinner with the town elders.      When we left, I asked
cl00000000000000000ci000000000000000000000000
                                                him, "It seemed that they wanted to keep me talking; Why?"      He

                                                said, "You fascinated them and sent chills up their spines; it

                                                seemed a voice from the past was talking.    You spoke words.that

                                                haven't been spoken in this country for over forty years.

                                                     My Grandparents had left forty years before, my photographic

                                                mind had recorded their words, which had disappeared out of the

                                                present spoken dialect.    Since a dialect is not a written

                                                language, in those days words   g444t not iR1 recorded for
                                                posterity.

                                                     One night the headwaiter .of the restaurant, which I

                                                previously discussed, wanted to talk to me alone.     I got a

                                                surprising lesson which I had never dreamed of in my political

                                                interpretations.

                                                     Surprisingly, he said, "Senor Corso,. all your views on

                                                communism are correct except one.    What you speak of is Russian

                                                communism."   (What followed was one of the biggest surprises of

                                                my intelligence career.)   "Soviet communism is not us; we are

                                                Italian ,communists, proud of our independence and heritage.

                                                Italy will never be a Soviet satellite.    We take their money and

                                                influence and use them as they 4ish to use us..    We thank you for

                                                destroying the Soviet communist arms cadhe and their Moscow

                                                trained agents.. We made, sure you had accurate and timely

                                                intelligence.   Please don't repeat this, or T will be dead."

                                                     I put my hand on his shoulder and said, "Thank you, friend;

                                                I promise you I will ilever betray this trust.    Your words will

                                                remain embedded only in my brain and twill never be put in a

                                                report' where our enemies, yours and mine, may see them."

                                                   :Subsepient events, years later, proved him correct.       I must
have done something right when men such as this, trusted me with

information that could have cost them their lives.

        To ingratiate myself and get close to these people was not

as simple a task as I have portrayed.     These were common,

ordinary people; family men who worked hard, loved their country,
                                                                        C)
but possessed a violent, suspicious nature. which could explode
                                                                        C)
without warning.    Often trivialities led to my getting close to

them.    I covered one -- my ability to speak in an unwritten           C)
                                                                        0
native dialect.    They were able to relate with this.   I dined and

drank with them, but a most important factor was that I used to

remain until the early morning hours and play cards with them.          C)
                                                                        C)
We drank, talked politics, discussed our families, and cussed at
                                                                        C)
the cards.    They wanted to hear about America and were fascinated

how I, an immigrant steel worker's Son, who from a Private, was         C)

able to become a General Staff officer (in Italian Stato                C)
                                                                        C)
Maggiore) and (so they said) the most powerful American officer
                                                                        C)
in Rome.    They loved these stories, and I was told they spread        C)
the word, which became sort of a legend with which they could           C)
                                                                        C)
also relate.    I was told that such a relationship would have been
                                                                        0
impossible for a German officer in my position.
                                                                        0
     One night, sitting alone.with Mario, the headwaiter, he

said, "Senor, they think the world of you.    Do you remember when
                                                                        0
Giovanni's baby was seriously ill?    A call came from the great
                                                                        0
Professor Castellani to bring the baby to the clinic. When              0
Giovanni and his wife arrived, they asked how it happened that a        0

great Doctor like him called poor. people like them.     He answered,

"Senor Corso, the American officer, asked me to examine your

baby."    The baby needed penicillin, which was terribly expensive.     ()
                                                                            C")
0 0 00000000000
                                   Giovanni said he couldn't afford it.     The Professor answered,

                                   "There is no charge.     Senor Corso just sent a three - Month

                                   supply for my clinic, and he regularly sends medical supplies for

                                   which there is no charge.     He never asks for anything, but from

                                   Lime to time calls to ask me to treat a patient who cannot pay

                                   and offers money if needed."

                                           I looked at Mario and said, "I didn't know anybody knew." He

                                   answered, "All my people know."     Also, Mario said, "One night

                                   when you left the. card table for the rest room, I picked up the

                                   hand you had discarded; it was the winning hand.       You let them


  000000000000000000000000000000
                                   win."     I said, "Mario, please don't reveal this; they are proud

                                   men, and I enjoy playing with them. So you see, I win something

                                   more important than money."     He laughed and said, "I won't betray

                                   your secret."     I continued, "Mario, it would not be fair for me

                                   to win from them.     I will tell you a story.    My Father was the

                                   Champion at the Italian Club in the town in which I lived in

                                   America.     At a card game called "Tre Sette" (Three Sevens), no

                                   one could beat him.     One night when I asked if I could play with

                                   him.     He said, "Sit down" and dealt the cards.    The game required

                                   concentration and a close watch of the cards that had passed. (He

                                   didn't realize that he had created a monster in a Son who

                                   possessed extraordinary powers of retention.)       He couldn't

                                   believe that I beat him.    He said, "Stupid people and beginners

                                   always have dumb luck."    He wanted to play again.     I trounced

                                   him.,    He threw the cards on the table in disgust and went to

                                   bed.    He couldn't wait to play me the next night. , I beat him

                                   again.    Finally, I said, "Papa, you're tired.     You worked too

                                   hard at the steel mill today.    We will play this weekend when you
      are rested."     He said, "Sure, that is my trouble."     I let him
      beat me in three close games.     He was happy; but I suspect he

      sensed something when he said, "You made some stupid mistakes."

      He would look at me with pride, but never again consented to play

      cards with me.

           "I have only played ,poker in the Army a few times, Mario,

      because it could create ill feelings.     The last time I played on

      a troop ship, I won $2,000.     I hope you understand.     I love to
;]'
      hear their stories -- those are my winnings."       Mario put his hand

      on my shoulder and said, "You are one. of ours; keep honoring us

      with your presence."

           From such relative unplanned trivia are close relationships

      built.   We all benefited.

Ti         They loved to hear stories of when I    Was   growing up in the

      small coal mining town, California, Pennsylvania.        They even

      found it on a map, in the hilly country of southwest

      Pennsylvania.    I was a good story teller; and they loved the

      descriptions of our schools, parties, dances, college, football,

      baseball, girlfriends, my old 1929 Ford, etc.

           They especially loved the stories of my family.       One story,

      in particular, they often wanted me to repeat to their friends.

      I must have told it a dozen times.    It concerned my blackberry

      keg of wine.    It began:

           My Father had a week off from the steel mill, so we decided

      to make blackberry wine.     I was 18 years old. We went out every

      day, and when we returned home, we would dump the day's picking
 S.


      in a 55 gallon wine keg.     We filled it in one week.    I went out

      and bought a 10 gallon Coca Cola syrup keg, washed it out,           and


                       •
0 00 0000000000
                                   mashed enough blackberries to fill the keg.       I added 12 kilos of

                                   sugar, since I wanted it sweet.        My Father made a 55 gallon keg,

                                   but left it pure; with no additives, like his grape Wine.. Since

                                   mine had sugar added, naturally it fermented quicker.          Around
                                   October, it stopped fermenting; and I plugged it.          My Father's

                                   wine was still fermenting.     One day my Father said, "Phil, let's

                                   tap your wine and taste it." I said, "No, no, Papa, I know you

                                   and your cronies.   Once I tap it, it will disappear; they Will

                                   all want to sample it.     I refused him many times,       lie even

                                   offered, when his wine was ready, to fill mine up.          I said, "No,
                                                                   ircr


  000000000000000000000000000000
                                   I don't like your wine; it3aMS item sweet."      Just before our

                                   Thanksgiving holiday, he brought his close friend, Compare Luigi,

                                   who made excellent wine.    He was an older man of 70, and he liked

                                   me.   (Compare is a religious term usually given when a person,

                                   not a family member, baptizes a child.)       I gave in.     We tapped my

                                   keg with a spigot bung, and the wine was excellent.          Needless to

                                   say, my rather invited so many of his friends that between

                                   drinking and gifts to take home, my 10 gallons of sweet wine

                                   quickly disappeared.   I didn't really care, because I liked to

                                   sit in with them and listen to their conversations in Sicilian

                                   dialect.   But, even, years later, I loved to rub it in to mV

                                   Father on how he tricked me out of my special wine.

                                         The Italians loved this story; perhaps because it was so

                                   down to earth, and they could closely relate with the tale and

                                   live the part of the characters in the story.       Another plus on my

                                   side, with each story I became more a part of their lives.

                                         I told them stories of my wife, Eunice, How I met her, basic

                                   training and how I became an officer.       I'told a little story of
      my wife and the deep south.       They had an intense interest in my

      down to earth stories of the deep south. Terms such a "Damn
                                        • . • __-
      Yankee" "Dago", "White inw", 'EW-1Weicitr..6-en-e,"(et.p. II had to try to
                                                          tt;
      explain certain things to them for hours on end. Although I

      don't know if. I did too good of a job, but my stories and

      explanations became almost legendary.  It seemed like the
r--
                                               co'I
      following story, which had no ending becameilly most famous tale.

           At completion of basic training, April 1942, I was kept as a

      member of the cadre.     Soon after, forty of us and three officers,

      were chosen tn establish a new Army post near Ft. McLellan,

      Alabama.   ,We were told that we were chosen for our versatility

      and as soldiers who could perform With little or no direction.

      One Saturday, a friend of mine and I, had a two day pass, so we

      decided to go to Birmingham, Alabama.        On the way to the highway,

      where we were going to hitch hike, we stopped in a small park,

      where I saw two girls sitting on a bench, one was the most

      beautiful golden haired girl I had ever seen. Birmingham was                 a
      forgotten.   We both made our way to the bench.         The red head was

      to become my future wife Eunice-. The other was her sister, Jo.

           Later, I -found out.that I began with three strikes against

      Tie with her family.    They found out I was Italian, Catholic, and

        Dam' Yankee. to boot.    Eunice's Brother - in - Law was a Baptist

      minister, and her Father had been a soldier in the United States

      Army, in the Philippines where - they were chasing A'Guinaldo, at

      the beginning of the Century.       He had told the girl's that. he did

      not want them to date soldiers.       Later, the Reverend Green, the

      Baptist minister, took a liking to me.        I was the only Catholic

      0.e had ever met. I will never forget the look of pride on her
0000000
                                       Father's face when almost ten-years later, I went to visit him in

                                       the Veteran's hospital in Montgomery, Alabama.            He made it a

                                       point to introduce his cronies to his Son - in - Law, the

                                       Colonel, and made sure they noticed my decorations.

                                            Eunice told me that her Brothers used to say, "Dad, get the

                                       shotgun; here comes that "damn yankee - Dago."            I never knew


000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                       whether my dark complexion and deep tan were elements in their

                                       thinking, but Eunice prevailed, and became my wife.

                                            I was made Sergeant, and while she was sewing on my stripes,

                                       I announced that I had been accepted at officer's school and :

                                       would be leaving in a week.       I pulled out a little box.       It

                                       contained a diamond engagement ring on which I had spent my lust

                                       4140.00.   She accepted.    I returned almost four months later:. as a

                                       brand new Second Lieutenant.

                                            I took the "Dam' Yankee" label as a joke and not seriously.

                                       When we first came south, we were briefed that there were certain

                                       customs in which we would have no part, and so to act
                                                                  in/Altrn A TO DAY. Aran non   aeptE
                                       accordingly.   I must not have listened, and broke the rule ie I was

                                       waiting fol. a bus.   It was a hot day, and a line formed.          I

                                       noticed a Black woman with a baby waiting by the door.           I was a

                                       Major in uniform.     I stepped aside and said, "Go ahead Ma'am.", I

                                       got dirty looks.    I was surprised as she entered the bus, she

                                       turned and said, "Thank you, Whiteman."         I was puzzled why not

                                       "Thank you, Sir" was I different? She typed me as a "Whiteman."
                                                   ilAcKASAnifll
                                       I was heading 4erAa devastating war. I wore the uniform of the

                                       United States Army.    I we
                                                                "V       eg many Black men wounded and dead.
                                                                        —6ea

                                       Their bandages would be red, the same color blood as on my
                                                          ibcf.R1
                                       bandages when I was tOtt, and they wore the same uniform.. I
                                    CHAPTER XIV


                                       ROOTS


            The Italians from the Prime Minister, the Chief of Police of

      Italy, through my customs guards, down the rank and file of the

      Police, to my working class, card playing friends all used the

      term "You are one of ours."    The Italian military said I was the

      only foreigner to whom they gave the "War Cross" for military

       valor, which was reserved for their soldier!.   I asked why?   The

      answer was always, "You are one of ours, you have been here

       before."   I never questioned this mystical thinking, because it

      was in my best interest, the United States Army's interest and

      that of the United States soldiers interest whose well being was

      my responsibility, and my mission which was in the interest of

      Italy.

:1         The Italians were for the most part a deeply religious

      people and as such, believed in, an hereafter.    Reincarnation was

      also one of their beliefs.    They also knew that I was only one

      generation removed from an Italian birth.    My Mother and Father

      were born in Italy and I spoke, fluently, the dialect of my

      Grandparents.    Although, I had never thought much about

      reincarnation some of the events which happendd to me, often made

      .me wonder.   I often tried to reason, is this so-called

      reincarnation really a. thought - mind process more than a

      physical one, was my mind the type, that like a radio receiver,
3.]
      could tune in and draw waves from another time.    However, I was
                                                                                                                             3-1-"


0000003000000000000000000000000000000000 000
                                                 an kntelligence officer and had to deal in facts, not wild

                                                fantasies.   As I look back I    Was   like a business man whose every

                                                venture turns into a profit and he becomes a millionaire.         In

                                                Rome, my operation was identical.       It seemed like every action I

                                                took or planned succeeded.      Was I tufned in to a computer that

                                                was all ready programed and was I part of this programming which

                                                came from the past into the present then into the future.

                                                Whatever it was I am grateful, because the protective screen I

                                                established took care of our soldiers.       I will leave the mystic

                                                Part for others to understand and give a final answer'.      This is

                                                not mine to reason why.

                                                     Now I want to come down from the occult to reality and my

                                                roots.   Early    in my tour, I was called by the General.      He had

                                                received instructions that we would escort diplomats from enemy

                                                countries, Germany, Japan, Rumania, etc. and now in the Vatican,

                                                to the resort at Taormina, Sicily, for internment, until they

                                                could be shipped to their home countries.       The Vatican was

                                                sending Monsignor McGeough, my old friend from the Vatican's

                                                American College.    Because of the sensitive nature of the mission

                                                and since the war was still raging, General Dasher gave me the

                                                responsibility for the security of the group.       There were about     -

                                                forty people, men, woman and children.       I was ordered to

                                                personally accompany the group and take as many agents as needed.

                                                We arrived at Taormina.    It was one of the most beautiful resort

                                               'areas I have ever seen.    I told my men, "I wouldn't mind being

                                                interned here."    We had a good time at-the bar. I was billeted

                                                with Monsignor McGeough.    When I went to my room, I flipped on

                                                the light.   The Monsignor was praying on his knees.      I put out
                                                                            0
     the light and slinked back to the bar.      When I went back he was

     asleep.     Early the next morning I was awakened my the Monsignor.

     I had a hangover, I said, "Go away and let me sleep."       He said
                                                                            0
     softly, "Get up, I am going to say mass and you will be the only       0
     one attending."    I put my head under the pillow and said, "I am      0
F'
     sick and you are a Monsignor and you should pity a dying man."
                                                                            0
     He had no pity and I had to accompany him.      After his mass we

     went to breakfast, and he said, "Don't you feel better now that        0
     you went to mass"    I muttered, "No."    He laughed.   I muttered,    0
     you Monsignors are all the same they must train people like you
                                                                            0
     and O'Flaherty in the same school."      He smiled and said, "You      0
     said it, we lookout for people with hangovers."

          The escort left to return to Rome and British Field Security
                                                                            0
                                                                            0
     (FSG) took over security of the group.      T did not go back with     0
     the others. Instead I caught a military flight to Palermo.       I     0
     decided to go visit the small town where my parents and

     grandparents were born. In Palermo I teamed up with some British

     Officers.    They were going to Catania, driving along the northern

     coast of Italy.    They offered to drive me to Campo Felice, a

     small town about 20 miles east of Palermo.     My British friends
                                                                            0
     asked me if I knew the place.    I said, "No, but I am sure I will
                                                                            0
     recognize it, because I have heard my parents and grandparents         0
     describe it a thousand times.     About 20 miles out of Palermo, I

     asked the driver to stop.     A winding walled road wound up the

     hill for about a half mile.    I could see the town on top.    To my

     right I could see the plain which sloped to the sea.      One of the

     officers said, "We will drive you up to the village."       I said,

     "No, a thousand times I have walked up this road with my parents.
                                                                         )


 I prefer to go on foot."    He responded, "We understand, Good

 luck."

       As I approached the foot of the wall, a small boy of about

 10 years of age was sitting there.       He called out, "Americana,

 who are you?"    I'answered, "Corso."     He took off running up the

 road.    By the time I reached the piazza about 50 people were

 waiting.    I never knew I had so many relatives.    (Later, I asked

 my Dad and he said most were not related.)       My Father's oldest

 brother lived in the village.    He was out in the orchard.      The

 small boy who announced my arrival took me out.      They were

 picking figs.    When they saw me approach     I was in uniform.   As

 soon as I was introduced, my Uncle embraced me and they tried to

stuff me with figs.     I stayed with, my Uncle, but it appeared that

 the entire village came to meet me in his home.      They were

 especially fascinated that I conversed with them in dialect,

 which in most cases was all they knew.

       The next morning, just after breakfast, a villager came in

 and said, "They are here again."       I asked my Uncle, "Who is

 here?"   He said, "Two British soldiers and an Italian have been

 coming to' small villages, such as ours, looking for allied

materials.    They loot whatever they want and we can do nothing."

I went to my rpom took my imb belt and buckled it on, and I told

my Uncle, "Show me where they are."

       As we rounded the corner, I saw an Italian leaning against a

car.     When he saw me he stiffened.    I drew my stiletto half way

.out of its scabbard.   I said, in dialect, "If you move you will

be picking this knife out of your throat.       Put your hands on your

head and keep them there."    Two soldiers came out of the house
                                                                         j
                                                                         -r CD
                                                                            CD
11       carrying clothes. I had my .45 pistol out and I said, "You have
                                                                            CD
                                                                            CD
         three seconds to drop those clothes and get your hands up, or
.11      I'll blow your bloody heads off!"     Then I said, "You on the left,
                                                                                ()
                                                                                CD
         slowly With your left hand unfasten your pistol holster, one           CD
         false move and your dead!    Now you, the other, do the same thing.
                                                                                CD
                                                                                C)
         Now join your Italian friend over the car hood face down!"     One     0
         of the soldiers said, "Yank, can we talk?"    I said, "Yes, when       CD
         the yank Army came through here we hung looters, I should hang         CD
                                                                                C)
         you!"
                                                                                ()
                I called the British authorities and they picked them up,       CD
         since they had been looking for them.     I was taken on a tour of     CD
         the village and visited my Grandfather's home.    Then I was taken
                                                                                CD
                                                                                CD
         to the site of my Father's home.    I told my Uncle, "But this is
                                                                                0
         only a stone wall."   He said, "There were two rooms, the rest         0
"•11-.


         were behind the wall.   The black spots where the oven used to         C)
                                                                                0
         be."    Then I toured my Grandfather's holdings, which were
                                                                                ()
         considerable by their standards and he sold everything before          C)
         coming to the United States.                                           C)
                                                                                ()
                That night I was invited to have wine, cheese and bread with
                                                                                0
         the town elders and I described how they were fascinated and a
                                                                                ()
         little frightened that my dialect was like a voice coming from

         the past.    I spoke words which hadn't been heard for forty years.    CD
                                                                                C)
         (I cover this in more detail in a previous sector.)
                                                                                C)
                The next morning I had to get up at dawn to catch the train

         to Palermo.    When I went out of the hduse one of those quaint        CD
                                                                                ()
         covered carriages was waiting for me.    It was drawn by two
                                                                                0
         Donkey's in all their best regalia.    The carriage was a riot of
                                                                                CD
         color with tassels all around the top cover.     I sat in the back


                                                                                ()
                                                                                C)
                                                                                ()
                                                                                                                            e


                                           Li
000
                                                with my Uncle and the Mayor sat with the driver. At least two
                                                  •
                                                hundred people accompanied us. When the train came, the train

                                                crew, placed a seat for me in the mail car, since every passenger

                                                car was jammed to over flowing.     I waved goodbye and they all


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                waved back and cheered.     Itguess I left as some sort of hero.        I
                                                know my Father would have been proud.

                                                     One small episode happened on the train.      The mail car

                                                gradually began to fill with people.     Then the inevitable

                                                happened.   They began to argue.    Soon it was bedlam.   I put up

                                                with it for a few minutes.     Then in my best Sicilian dialect,

                                                hollered,, "Silence! If I hear another word before we get to

                                                Palermo, I will stop Ule train and have this car cleared."         It

                                                was torture to a Sicilian to make him keep quiet.      They looked

                                                daggers at me, but there was no more noise until we arrived: in

                                                Palermo.

                                                     My plane for Rome was leaving the next morning.      In the

                                                afternoon I went into a small food store.     I told the clerk in my

                                                best dialect that I wanted a small package of salami, cheese and

                                                olive oil to take back to Rome.    He kept looking at me and took

                                                off for the back room.     The two owners came out and excitedly,

                                                the clerk was explaining that the American officer was talking in

                                                dialect, just like them.    All activity ceased.   They began to

                                                slice bread and cheese, brought out wine and even the customers

                                                joined in to welcome the Sicilian — American back home.     When I

                                                told them about my visit to Campo Felice, the clerk who had

                                                waited on me said, with pride,."I told you he was one of ours."

                                                    This was the first time I heard the phrase.      An ordinary

                                                clerk first used the phrase that later I heard from the Prime
iii
                         Minister of Italy.                     As I was leaving on a plane the next morning,

                         I looked down to the land of my roots and later realized it
                         contributed to my success in Rome.

      .                          ///G
-71
ri                  rervi

                     SOL 0
                            c     /IA 4 5n -j' A .4e Geis, V 44/ fhtE" FA- fit/ tr;

                                                40 _0 if._ .0..c!d__ecmyi kt_e: Ito-ex:4
                                                                                                               Ty4 r    Sortc2)4. y A
                                                                                                                                               6
                                                                                                                                  pet A
                    ,A-A 11 A- 111A y LA //0               NE" wat2.44             vrA tc A SEA- t/ri,c1/.4

                     A .6-.4 4?-                /VT / 0",              Wat/t           .4. ee.raFA 4   .4.1     OP 7   49/c 77lE AA Sr

                     -?!           / g._                  A frf11! VC:1,ealia                  fr LC • 414       .P4arf             7 014/4/
                                                                                                              04,ve .4 SCOn760 ec,40,4
                     A IVO ;Ave"                        I/ VACS 0, -        nab'       A2k-a_s    1i44....e   rr:ie    l—priontefc54.:
                                co II. Ai
                                            "              w 0 aL2J          A- Ght • AND S.4X-         Id*"C                  c -Air rilor

                                 vt H       a," A C                 coo            v       Aleel CA A1E F>PGAI A- ,A/i ) A wilt

                    _LA #0 ,            SArA        K 77ir D           r                                 / °4 Sf5      e eir / AM dcWofre

                    ;,/4; / 7/PtS.E- A, r                Aha lit           01A;t405--thattd( - is             owey AA/ • j/ yfflitterrrii

          •
              •
              •      /          vc,0    go       Li v'
                                                            )
                                                                4,/0           i-CA:V/ 4 1 6             2211" AIOW /WA/ 64                 i S
                                Bur             y            a n'atit4 TAKE a_r_21,55- e-- o/c 14,, dea---.. A-4/4                         .7—.0
                                                                                                                                               40
             n y Avp r wo       / a Or pi A/ e g ..; cAA.A-/ Awe sA); war 51/An- 1±-6110
          .; 'me SHALL SEE." fl y ywotE wOW-0 MagOil
            Ph a /tM v  ma fie A N e NO iv Ottg-4 eine HOask- frvi Tr/       AfercweA0
                                                                       a
             An? HewC ego vgfer- ce,r,er.r dowole To °tit? /cA / 41"; el yr' wItr- Al
          •                     /.°A    rA- 0       /     ijitiwt          ,Ø,+I-/jt


              r.•
                                    _    -
      later I received word t=t,the villagers had butchered a cow and

      it was diseased.             I called the United States Hospital.. and

      obtained 'enough penicillin to treat the sick, many who were on

      the verge of death.              I called the Commanding General of the

      carabiniere and asked him to give me two men to deliver the

      medication to the local Doctor to administer to the villagers.

      This was .necessary because penicillin brought fantastic prices on

      the black market. The real penicillin would be taken out of the

      small rubber topped bottles and tea leaves substituted.                                When

      liquid was inserted it would turn brown to look like penicillin.
           / 4444N     nA       IRPAA•val fP ety r#F Anvicre4/4/ fa Si CItt ei
           I received notice that the medication arrived, was

      administered, and not. one person died. I later received a letter

      of thanks signed by hundreds of people.

                   They wrote to my Father and in his eyes I was a two time

      hero.         So I must surmise that a return to the =of                           my roots

      W 29     a    success, As PM       resbp GS SKYD,    .471, 460 e cif a nec(0 .-Nrcie !fil e. A-C

      A       CNA/ C/ID   N Ca;   nr    pfir -EA/ / -.wflSi15 Hewoo-d
       A yr Na/         A I/An/AA& conIRseg
                                            ll      °tatrIx"7-
                                                           t= 5
                     A r  A ibir                                       Afri
                                                             sastesboreArsePtteleXirMa
                              Atova-sr NO .           *ore" igitivist Ms             at'*,   irsAlo
                                               41
          f          k    irMto /5 fivi-FAt   0.


•••


ala
                                 I    1   I   • I   /


                     HIGH! JCN7TS - RE'ff-ecrioils
                             pa   obi A / 7/6S
                                                                                                   -c
         G             ti IS
       plc c6,4         o Ay- h a
       PIP'547oz-hv•t.is              r4c/isofifr.
        v ej, .7TO --_..Cfiewiy. fifiiii/ of afi IrALY
                                          dok611-ESC
         A.   d  fift nAtii-JA
                      ZCYC
                                          eSE al AAS.SAAcM ro/74gy   .44,0   7"-h et   V,477 CAN    0
         Pjivft,


         US, loSTAL klaisioY
                   eir_L 0           LA        GOA/fai A 7 n Are.4 arc nu/ Yonti                    0
                                                                                                    0
  1                  ro ww non a'
          it/CICZ LOC/A NO
  TI      Ce-Afitc GABZ.C. Add AlvelAIMFY doso4R7--
              nArA          Aiu
                                                                                                    0
              rEnpr4rjo,,'s

                          A # co4.a                     va o
       fElez ILP551_14S— FoRCEO /lc l'Ar R/4-7 my or PoWs


                                                                                                    0


*NI


a
     ft
7)
7)
7)                                     SECURITY

7)                                        AND

                                 THE CASSINO AT LUGANO


               My commanding officers were the best.     I was most fortunate

          in that they always supported me, through the nature of my

          operation was such that I could not clear every action with them

          In advance.   But I always felt assured that they would stand

          solidly with me, which they did.   This was one of the main

          factors that assured my success.   My protective security screen

          also encompassed them, because my job description read "All

          Allied Personnel."

               I took a trip to Allied Foree Headquarter (AFHQ) in Caserta,

          Italy, to see General Smith, Assistant Chief Of Staff, G-2, of

          Allied Force Headquarters.   He was a fine gentleman and a good

          officer.

               I had never been to his office.      When I announced my name, I

          was surprised that the entire staff, officers and enlisted came

          up to shake hands.   They said, "So many reports, all the phone

          calls, but we,have never met you."      I felt good about this

          reception, and figured I must be doing something right.
                                                                                ;vc
            I was ushered into General Smith's office.     I had asked for

      the meeting, because of a matter of some importance concerning

      the General and his Chief of Staff.    I began, "A few weeks ago,

      both of you were invited to the casino at Lugano (the casino is

      Italian territory completely surrounded by Swiss territory.)        You
      were invited by two civilians, one an American and the other an

      Englishman, who passed themselves off as representatives of the

      Allied Command in Germany.   They gave you chips, and you gambled

      at the tables.    I even know that you didn't win.   The two

      civilians are crooks, and one is an ex C.I.C. and the other an

      ex FSC.   They,muscled their way into managing the casino as

      Allied representatives and are raking in about $3,000.00 a day.

      They used you as evidence of their validity.     I don't know if you

      know it General, but all dealers and croupiers are Italian police

      or Italian intelligence officers.    Their Chiefs in Rome report to

      me.   Casinos are a great source of intelligence.    Their financial

      and biographical files are invaluable.   I came here mainly, since

      the casino is out of Rome jurisdiction, to ask your permission to
7-1
      arrest those two con-men_thiftves, who used you.

            General Smith had a firm look on his face and said, "You

      have my permission as of now."

            I answered, ?General, may I use your phone?"    I called

      Colonel Gono Moreno, Chief of C.I.C., Rome, and told him to call

      Chief Ferrari and General De Pasquale of S.I.M., and tell them to

      arrest those crooks at Lugano and deliver them to me.     Then

      spread the word that the casino at Lugano has never been under

      Allied control.

            The two con-men were good at their game.     They must hate
         intercepted the arrest order or been informed by a paid worker.

         They never came back to Lugano, but stayed in Switzerland.     They

         also found out that the arrest order had come from my office.     A
         few days later, an Italian asked to see me.    He had a message

         from the two in Switzerland.    It was, "They are coming to Italy,
0
         first to the C.I.C. in Milan, then stop in Rome on their way to
0
0        Caserta (meaning General Smith)."    I told the Italian, "I am not
0        going to arrest you because I want you to take this message back.
0        Tell those two thieves to please come to Italy, and I invite them
0
         to Rome where I have a special cell waiting for them.     You! Your

0        face insults me!   If I ever see it again, I will lock you up and

         throw away the key.   Get out before I change my mind!"

              This, of course, was their bluff or the long shot proposal
0   71
         of some sort of deal with me.   The minds of such men always

         figure there is an angle or deal in the offering.   I also
0        surmised that in their smugness and the comforts of Switzerland,

         they must have also figured that they beat me.

              At the United States Embassy, there was an FBI agent, Ray

         Farrell, who later became United States Commissioner of

         Immigration.   When I was at the White House where we worked
0
         together a second time, I turned the report on the two characters
0        at Lugano over to the FBI. The British portion went to their

         authorities.   Six years and eleven months later, just before the

         expiration of the statute of limitations, and possibly their

         money gone, the I.R.S. would move in for tax evasion.

              All such cases were handled in. the same manner.   I couldn't

         detain or hold a person's money unless I could prove the source

0        of it.   For example, a soldier, formerly a New York lawyer, tried
                                                                            C)


    to buy money orders for $45,000.00, obviously made on the black

    market or in a crap game.    When I asked him where he got the

    money, his wise answer was, "You're investigating me, you find
1
    out."    Perhaps he wasn't so wise; six years and eleven months

    later, he was nailed.

         The sequel to the "Lugano Casino" was an interesting one.      A
    few weeks after the end of the "Lugano" case, two men showed up

    in my office.   One was Italy's top lawyer, and the other a member

    of the Swiss legislature.   They were the legal owners of the

    Casino.   They came expressly to thank me and invited me as a
                                                                            a
    guest of theirs at the casino.   I told them it was not wise for

    me to be seen at the casino in light of what had a happened.

    They then asked me what they could do for me.   I told them

    nothing; it was my job to do what I had done.

         They continued, "But in some manner we would like to show

    our appreciation."   I answered, "Well, you can.   Your casino is

    an excellent source of intelligence, perhaps sometime in the

    future you can reciprocate with information I may need for my

    official duties."

         Their answer was, "At any time that you call, you will have

    free access to our files.   On that, you have our word and our

    hand."

         I said, "Good, if anyone calls, in my name, their

    authenticity will be verified by a brief resume' of what was

    spoken and transpired at this meeting.    Only the three of us will

    know, and I will put nothing on paper."

         We shook hands, and the meeting ended with thanks from both

    sides.    A valuable link in my informant net, if needed.
D                  '
            •


                While the war was in progress, OSS brought a Frenchmantover
0       from North America; the trip on an American ship included his
0       family, furniture and two dogs.        They called him Colonel.   I
0
0       never did find out what kind of Colonel, or if he possible was a

        "Kentucky" Colonel.        We called him "Pink Eye," because he did

        have a pink eye.        I never did find out what his job was or what
0       side he was on.        What I did know was that he was a con-procurer
0
        type who ingratiated himself with high officials.        He shopped for

        rare items for them, gave elaborate parties, and even procured

        other things.        Among the friends whom he called by their first

        name were mosti of the high-ranking allied officers, including

        Americans and top embassy personnel.       I couldn't get enough on

        him security-wise, so I waited for his first slip.        He finally

        made one.        I received a call from the United States Finance

        office that a suspicious, fast-talking character passed himself

        off, with an I.D. card, as a United States Colonel and had

        purchased $10,000.00 worth of military payment certificates

        (MCPs).        Since I had seen him at functions approach General

        Dasher, I had a watch on him.       After the call from the Finance

        Officer, I arrested "Pink Eye" for illegal purchase of MPCs,

    1   fraud and impersonating a United States Army Officer.

        broke loose.
                                                                     All hell

                           I received calls in his behalf from all over Italy.

        Even his wife threatened to have me. court-martialed for false

        arrest.

                *Finally, General Dasher called me into his office. He said,

        "Phil     I am really receiving a lot of flak singe you arrested

        'Pink Eye.,       Do you have enough to hold him?"

                I. answered. "Yes, Sir, all documented with supporting sworn
                                                                     C)
                                                                     ()
statements."                                                         0

     General Dasher continued. "Is it worth the effort?"             C)
                                                            Even
                                                                     C)
the Commanding General of Allied Forces Headquarters called and
                                                                     ()
the United States Ambassador, among many."                           0
     My response was, "General, you are my Commander; if you         C)
                                                                     C)
order me to release him, I will personally go in my car to the
                                                                     C)
prison, release him and take him to his home.    Then, I must come   C)
back here, and you must relieve me from my position; because         C)
'Pink Eye' is bigger than my job and the G-2 of Rome Area            C)
                                                                     C)
Command."
                                                                     C)
    I saw that hard paratrooper look, and he thought only for a
                                                                     ()
matter of seconds, then said, "He is your prisoner.   If you have    ()

to, hold him until hell freezes over!"                               ()
                                                                     0
     The furor died down almost as quickly as it started.
                                                                     C)
                                                                         C)
     Security at times took a strange twist.    In one instance I

received a call from our hotel manager, that a crying girl was in        0

the lobby and had a gun.   She said she was going to shoot a             C)
                                                                         C)
Captain who had been her boyfriend and had broken off the

relationship.   I went to the hotel, went up to her, took her

purse and took out the gun.   I told her, "I won't lock you up,

but I never want to see you in this hotel again."
                                                                         C.
     About a week later, I walked in our hotel bar, dining and

Once pavilion and she was sitting there with the Captain.       He

quickly came up to me and said, "Sir, we have made up, but she is

scared and trembling when she saw you.   Can she stay."   I told
                                                                         C
him, "It is'no skin off my butt, the next time I'll send you to

take the gun from her."    I went up to her and said, "Behave
                                                                                   'at"!
                                                                                      70

        yourself and you can stay."

             The hotel across from ours was an Air Force officer's rest
11      hotel.   At times they were quite rowdy.    Their conduct made the

        newspapers in the states.    The Air Force Inspector General and

        the Surgeon General showed up and I had to accompany them.           The

        streetwalkers couldn't get in without an escort of which there

        was an ample supply.    I placed a member of the Italian Police

        Vice Squad to check the girls as they entered.    New girls were

        stopped and questioned.    While we were inspecting, a naked girl

        came out of a room and ran down the hall.    The Surgeon General

        turned to the ihotel manager and said, "Establish a prophylactic

        station on the first floor of the hotel and make it mandatory

        that every officer that takes a girl to his room has to show a

        slip from the station before he can check out.    I am not

        interested in their morals, but their health is my concern.          I

:11     realize this will be difficult to enforce, but at least we will

        reach a goodly number of them."

             I did not have much use for ACC (Allied Control Commission)

        or AMG (Allied Military Government), mainly because from a

        practical point of view,.I could never establish what they were

    1   supposed to do, or what they were doing.    One day the head of

        AMG, who had been ,a Lieutenant Governor in the state of New York
    1
        came into my office.    He was a United States Colonel, I asked

        what I could do for him.    He said, "You have two young boys in
    1


        prison and I would like to intercede for them, since I know their

    1   families very well and they are a higher class of people"        I

        asked,   "Do you know Colonel, with what they are charged, and if
-   1
        they have been tried and sentenced by a military court.      I

    1


                            •
                                                                               C)
                                                                               C)
         suggest you sit down and read the file."                              C)

              He turned a little pale when he read that they had been          C)
                                                                               C)
         charged with sabotage.   They had blown up our gasoline pipe line
                                                                               0
         outside of Rome, which act was punishable by death.    They had
         been sentenced to die before a firing squad.                          0
                                                                               C)
              When he   finished reading, I placed a writing pad and pen
                                                                               C)
         before him and said, "Colonel, if you will put in writing, that

         you wish to intercede for them and sign it, I will send to the        0
rOR      Theater Commander for his consideration."                             0
                                                      He made a hasty exit,
                                                                               0
         without signing any paper. .
                                                                               0
              A few days later, the two boys' Father came to my office.

         He was an older man and accused us of holding his two boys'           0
                                                                               0
         unjustly.   I was disturbed by his attitude and choice of words.
                                                                               C)
         I took the file and threw it in front of hilt' and said, "Your good
                                                                                   C)
         boys were guilty of sabotage..   They were to be executed before a        C)
         firing squad, but they and you were most fortunate that the war
                                                                                   C)
         ended and their sentences were commuted to imprisonment.    They
                                                                                   C)
         have been turned over to the Italian Military authorities and we

         are no longer interested, now leave my office,


 z;.1.


                                                                                    C
                                   CHAPTER V


0
                             MUSSOLINI'S TREASURE
0
0
0         During the final weeks and days of the war in April and May,
0    1945, as the German armies were fleeing north in disarray, we
0
     kept receiving reports of the impending surrender of all the

     German armed forces.   I began to brace my counterintelligence
0    units for an influx of Gestapo and SS fleeing the scene of their

     crimes.    I warned my men that these were dangerous, deadly

     killers.    They would fight and kill to resist capture.    I

0    reminded them, no bravado tactics, only a simple warning with
0    drawn guns and they had three seconds to get their hands up in

     the air.    On a lower level, I told them many stray German and
0
     Italian soldiers would be streaming into Rome.     I only wanted

     them rounded up.   Fascist officials also would be coming to Rome,
0    and I wanted only the fanatics held.      Soon after the surrender of
0
     the Axis armies, a Fascist official told us that Benito Mussolini

0    and his entourage would try to get to Switzerland.     In an armored
0    car he had a fortune in currency, jewels, gold and silver

     bullion, and coins.

0         I immediately dispatched armed counterintelligence agents
0   iand alerted our forces near the area.     About a week later, I

    'received a report that communist partisans had ambushed the

    Mussolini convoy heading for the Swiss border, killed the escort

     and had taken Mussolini and his mistress captive.

          They had, obviously, taken the treasure that the Dictator

0
                                                                               2;:rf   C)
                                                                                       0

       had with him.    (Estimates were that it amounted between                       0
                                                                                       C)
       $300,000,000 and $500,000,000.)    Much of this estimate was based
                                                                                       0
       on gold taken from the Bank of Italy in Rome.                                   0
            During this period, I had occasion to visit Northern Italy.                C)
                                                                                       C)
       While I was there, I thought that I would travel around and ask
                                                                                       0
       some questions.    I stopped in the little village of Bardello in
                                                                                       ()
       the province of Varese.    The village was between Lago di Varese               0
       and Maggiore, and near Funte Teresa, Switzerland.        All the
                                                                                       ()
       ingredients were right, lakes and near the Swiss border.       I had
                                                                                       0
       received information that the treasure has been hidden in a lake

       to safeguard it from armed Allied patrols, such as mine.       I saw a

       small boy of about 10 years.   I called him and asked him if he                 0
                                                                                       0
       knew a good trattoria where we could get some good Italian food.
                                                                                       0
       He asked, "Senor, you are an American?' I. answered, "Yes, I am an              C)

       American Arty Officer."    He said, "I want to go to America                    C)
                                                                                       C)
S1     someday."   I said, "Good, now where is the trattoria?"      He
                                                                                       C)
       answered, "I will show you."   I replied, "Good, jump in, ride                  C)
4:1    with me, stay with us; and I will buy you a gelato."                            C)
                                                                                       C)
            He sat with us and during the conversation, I asked, "Have
                                                                                       C)
       you seen any partisans near the:lakes?"    He said, "No, Senor, but
                                                                                       C)
       my 'father saw them throw something in Lake Como two weeks ago;                 C)
       then they came back and .took it out.   It was very heavy.     The

       boat had to have a crane on it." .

            "Can you show me the place?" "Lake Como is not far."          He

      'said, "I will have to ask my Father."* We received permission, and

       he took us to the spot.    Natives in the area confirmed his

      informatiOn.     I offered to pay him, but he wanted only one of my

       United States pins from my blouse and one of the insignia of rank


                                                       si   '
                                                                                    ;-

           from my shoulder straps.

0               I asked him his name.    He said, "Roger Carvello."   Thirty
0          years later I met this same boy, now a grown _man, in Naples,
0          Florida.    We are still good friends.   He remembered the United
0
0        . States Army Officer; but not until 1974, did he know that I was

           looking for Italy's stolen treasure.

                I discussed the loss of this treasure often with the Chief

           of Police of Italy.    We tried .to trace it, but found out that the

           bulk of it went into the Communist Party coffers.    The remainder

           was taken by the sons of the proletariat, who ceased to be
0          workers and joined the hated capitalistic classes.     Their
0
           idealogy ran thin when riches were involved.     Over the next few
0
0          years, I often received information on these culprits. I turned
0          this intelligence over to the Italian Police.    I used to joke

           with the Chief of Police of Italy.    I used to say, "Excellency,
0
0         let's waylay the Soviet couriers when they bring gold bullion to

          finance the Communist Party and get some of your gold back."         He

           would laugh and say "Perhaps." (The Russians, during the Spanish

          Revolution, took all of Spain's gold to Moscow.)

               The communist partisans killed all of Mussolini's escorts

          and hung him and his mistress by the heels from meat hooks in the

          city square.    This atrocity had two purposes:   One, to kill all

          witnesses; the second, to show any informants by a shocking

          example, that the meat hook would be waiting for them if they

         'talked.     This episode of Mussolini's treasure and death was a

          good example of the duplicity and true character of most of the

          Italian communists.

               I wrote a full report on Mussolini's treasure for the United


    .1                                      •
Lri
      States Army.   In 1948, a lengthy news story appeared in a Rome

      newspaper.   It was nothing more than an elaboration of the

      details I touched upon in the preceding pages.   Since I had the

      best and most detailed information on the disappearance of the

      treasure, the Italian Government accepted my version.   It would

      have been a feather in my cap to have returned this treasure to

      the Italian Government; but I was soundly defeated in this quest,

      and was left holding the proverbial empty bag.
                                          UMBERTO
LOU
          7                        CROWN PRINCE OF ITALY


                I received a phone call and the voice on the other end

           announced that he was the military aide, to Umberto, the Crown

           Prince.    Unberto came on the telephone and invited me to spend

           the weekend at his hunting lodge, not too far from Rome.      I

           accepted because this would be a new experience.    I immediately,

           went to the Deputy ComMander, because I knew that Brigadier Lowe

           was interested in the coming election where by the Italian people

           would choose between the Monarchy or a Republic.    He instructed

           me to feel out the Crown Prince and his followers on their

           intentions if the Monarchy lost the election.    Our position was

           neutral.

                I took two of my C.I.C. Captains, both of whom spoke fluent

          Italian and enjoyed hunting.    When we arrived we were met by six

           high ranking military officers and the Crown Prince himself. The

          lodge was like something that you see in the movies.     The

           preserve itself was beautiful and natural in appearance.      After

          the introductory niceties, we were served, a light lunch.      I sat

          at the Crown Prince's right and he thanked me for what I had done

          in Rome and he knew in detail how I had destroyed the communist

          f arms cache and stopped all talk of a revolution.   After lunch we

          Were given hunting gear and I looked comical in my alpine cap
      4

          with a feather in the band. I was given a twin barrel, Berretta

          shotgun and the head huntsman was assigned as my hunting partner.

          Later I could see why. Not only was he my guide, but if I missed


                               •
a bird, he was so good that he would bring his shotgun over his

shoulder, (it was slung on his back) and bring down the 'game that

I missed.   A dozen or so soldiers were with us.    Their job was to
retrieve the game and take it back to the lodge.     By the time we
returned to the lodge to freshen up, it was plucked, or dressed,

cooked and prepared for a dinner literally fit for a King..

     That night naturally, the conversation turned to politics

and the coming vote.     I told the Prince that' our orders were to

remain neutral, but I would see to it that there would be no

rioting or intimidation of voters in Rome and we would do our

best to attempt to keep the balloting honest.

     He was pleased with my approach and thanked me and said he

was sure that in the key city, Rome, there would be law and;

order.   Also, if the monarchy lost, he, in .the best interest of

his country, would leave Italy.

     The next day, a Boar hunt was planned,.    They gave me shells

loaded with pumpkin balls (a sold shot like a marble.)     We went

to an area, where paths through the woods led to water.      We had

me climb a tree, because the hunter had to be 10 feet above

ground, or the Boer could pickup the scent.     I sat in the tree

for hours and was not too pleased and uncomfortable.     I saw no

Boars, but the party got one.     Late that afternoon we had a

delicious Boar roast.

     I never saw the Crown Prince again.     He went into exile

'after the election.    But, I was awarded the decoration, "Knight

Officer of the Crown of Italy."

     I reported to Brigadier Lowe and he was pleased to hear that

the Crown Prince would leave Italy if he lost the election.       He


                  •
    Li                                                                     :9A4
          explained that if he remained it could cause riots and unrest.

          He instructed me to write a report which he would forward to

          London.

0             On my way to my office I thought, "I wish I could always

0         gather intelligent in such a pleasant and sumptuous manner.
0
0
0
0


0
    Ti
0
0
0   .{1
0
                                                                                ;,t-i7


      THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY

Ji
            The Italian Monarchy was on its way out, and the Republic of

      Italy was being established.     Before my wife end child arrived in

      Italy, General Dasher allowed me to go home on 90 - day temporary

      duty to visit with my three year old son, whom Iliad never seen.

      Upon my return, Italian officials brought me thousands of fake

      ballots and false registrations.     They said, "If you, had been

      here, this fraud would never have happened and the Monarchy would

     • not have lost.,"   I answered, "Yes, perhaps I would have stopped

      the fraud, but the gods work in strange ways.     Did they

      temporarily divert me so that I would not interfere with

      something that had to be?     I cannot change destiny.   Now I am

      back to insure that there will be no interference from the

      communists or anyone else with the foundation of the fledgling

      Italian Republic, which now is a fait accompli and wholly

      accepted."

           During my tour in Rome, I was awarded the Order of the Crown

      of Italy (Knight Officer) by Prince Umberto, Crown Prince       of the

      House of Savoy.     The decoration i4as presented to me at a ceremony

J     and banquet which *lasted all afternoon and into the night.       About

      30 high-ranking officers and other military officers, all friends

      oc mine, were present.     The Crown Prince's Military Aide, of

      general rank, placed the medal around my neck.     It was a

      beautiful medal of mother of pearl with a gold outline.       The food

      was abundant, the wine flowed freely and I was among friends.

           When I arrived at my hotel suite, still wearing the medal,


                            •
     feeling no pain and in a happy frame of mind, my wife, Eunice,

     wasn't impressed, especially with my condition.        I said, "I am

     now a knight, and I can go into battle wearing your colors flying

     from my helmet."    She answered. "If you fall on your face now, I

     doubt that you could get back on your Feet; and if you were

     wearing armor, I doubt if you would even be able to move, let

     alone get on a horse,    some knight you would make."

             But deep down she must have felt some pride.    A few nights

     later, we were going to a formal dance.    Eunice had flaming red

     hair.    She came out wearing a low - cut green evening gown, and

Et   around her neck she had a close*- fitting black ribbon and

     hanging from the ribbon was my medal, the Order of the Crown of

     Italy.    Even I was impressed.   A beautiful decorative choker.       It

     was shaped like a Maltese cross, each point joined by four signs
                                                           rfl,ftemys. !Le
     of infinity in gold, a gold band around it and the sign orASavoy

     in the center.
                                                                                    a
           THg_pRINCESS BORGHESE
                                                                                    a
                Over a few years time the bond between Senor Vigorelli and

           myself grew tighter.     He was a Partisan Chief and was a man of

           great courage.     I was attracted to such men like him and my

           courageous custom guards.    Perhaps it was a shortcoming in my

           makeup that drew my admiration.     During combat and in raids I was

           always afraid.     It was like a sickening feeling in my stomach,

           and a growing urge to panic.    But, once I got involved all

           feeling left me and I would function as a machine with no feeling

           and with conditioned automated moves.    Once the action was over,

           fear and panic would return and usually ended in intense
711        perspiration.    I often wished I could be•like them, they claimed

           I was, but I had misgivings.

                Vigorelli, also had another side.     He often showed

           compassion.     My favorite story on him fits the theme of my tale

           of individuals of character and courage.     My wife and son had
;IL

           arrived in Rome and we were living in a suite in the Ambassador

           Hotel in Rome.    One morning at 2 a.m., my phone rang.      The clerk

           said there is a lady and a gentleman here to see you.        I

           answered, "Put him on the phone."    It was Vigorelli. He began, "I

           am sorry to bother you at this time of the morning."      I stopped

           him and said, "No apologies, you come right up and are always

           welcome day or night."    When they arrived, he introduced me to a

           striking, stately woman, the Princess Borghese a close friend of

           his wife and family.    She began, "I an sorry to disturb you at

           this time of the morning, but I had to see you on a matter of


      V.
      utmost importance to me and my family."      I answered, "Senor

      Vigarelli, needs no appointment to see me day or night, if he

      thought this visit was necessary at this time of the morning, I

      respect his judgement, and I only hope I can help."       Vigarelli

      added, "It was necessary that the Princess was not seen with me

      or seen coming to see you.     You will understand why we have come

      unannounced at 2 a.m."

             The Princess then began, "My husband is Prince Borghese,

      former commander of the 10th Flotilla M.A.S.      He is wanted bA,the

      allies as a fascist and by the communists as a war criminal. I

      haven't heard from him since the war ended, and I fear for his

      safety.     If he falls in communist hands they will kill him.     I

      know of no other place to turn to, but you.     Senor Vigorelli said

      you will understand and can be trusted above all others.       Will

      you help me?     You have kept other Italians from falling into the

      wrong hands and, many are alive because of you.    If not for me,

     'but. for our children, help their Father."

             At this point I must fill in the background.     Just before

      the end of the war, the communist decided they could move in on a

      defenseless Italy.    They set their eyes on Trieste.    They wanted

      the city.    The German Army was on the verge of defeat and what

      Was   left of the, Italian Army was fighting with us at Cassino.

      The Yugoslav communist, on orders from Moscow, began to cross the
    P, border to a defenseless Trieste.   They were unexpectedly met by

      the 10th Flotilla M.A.S., a marine type unit under the command of

I    Prince Borghese.     There was a fierce fighting and the 10th

     Flotilla, was almost wiped out, but they stopped the communists.

      The war ended and General Alexander, Commander of all allied
                                                                          C)
                                                                          C)
                                                                          C)
  armies, issued an ultimatum to the communists.       "Don't march on    C)
 Trieste or my armies will march."       (The allied armies at this       C)

 point were at full strength.)                                            C)
                                     I went to General Pasquale, Chief
                                                                          C)
 of Italian Intelligence and made an inquiry of the whereabouts of        C)
 Prince Borchese. The General and his deputy, looked at each other        C)
 in surprise.       I realized they knew but couldn't talk.    I said,    C)
                                                                          C)
 "General, I am not here to arrest him, but to help if I can."
                                                                          C)
 They asked me to accompany them.       We went to the office of the      C)
 Chief of Staff of the Italian Army.       He said, "Corso, we trust      C)

 you and know what you have done for us.       We know in the case of     C)
                                                                          C)
 Prince BorgheSe we can count on you if we need help.         He is a
                                                                          C)
 hero, never has been a fascist and is now safe at the military           C)
 island prison protected by his colleagues."                               C)

      I was thinking of my response when I heard the Princess
                                                                           C)
 Borghese plead again, "Will you help me?"       I answered, "I think I
                                                                           C)
 know how you feel, in the next room is my wife, during the                C)

 fighting, at times she didn't know for months if I was dead or            C)
                                                                           C)
 alive.       I never saw' my boy until he was three years old.   You

 were brought here by my friend Vigorelli.       I would trust him with    C)
 my life. 'Because he brought you, he conveys this same trust to

 you, but what I have to say, for your husband's safety, must

 never leave this room. . You cannot tell your children or your

 family."

      She answered, "Yes, yes.". She took my hand as if to bind

 her word.       I then continued, "Your husband is well and safe, in

 Custody of and protected by his own people. - I played no part

• except offered my help if needed.      I hope some day to meet this

 brave man."


          •
           She began to sob and tightened her grip on my hand.   At this

      point, my sleepy three year old son must of escaped his Mother,
Pan
      and came in and jumped on my lap.   Eunice was in close pursuit.

      The Princess took the little boy from me and kissed him.   I

      introduced my wife to her, she knew Vigorelli.   As they were

      leaving, Vigorelli embraced me and said, "Thank you friend."    He

      then kissed EunEies' hand.
'11        The next day a dozen boxes arrived filled with toys for my

      little boy.   A simple card with no signature said, "Grazie."


1-1


 Ti
                                            ICEW                        HARADA

    JA1°ANFSF ANdASSA do DA                                                            to        trAt                A1tJ.4         7-A             v A riCA                 .4/
                                                                                                                                                                                           0
                    A         FW               nAYS                     A lc - 4:A               hiVt                 JA'O           A        e             c:       S dro /1 it/

    -a -5 C             n r    g            /.9                US. h             s               27-1 S              z.1-"1./ S      451 L. A Ar./.41                  Atafli

    Hz)              ACVC-1L g .5                         4A5SiFi                      HE                Ifirt;       s'aid                          ..r"        w.is         rwe

    ,) A "A g 65                           tig s               _5 _5 A- .0         a        7-e)          )7- A       .'7"    A//4           rhce-                   ricA

•    A 6' en/ 7 -             A          WEEKI.                         A 7                          14, ..4s                       /                       rig A r                imeoce
                                                                                                                                                                                            0
    gg         /on             oms/            a Lig              pet?            two ,- _fa'                  an, 7- y                 VA"                      An.S

                    "IA rs                            /              G          1V         2-H" ts        y.e.) r     CAA/.             All         /a4           co Acniss, an/C)

•   w,- 77' ,cog                      id    ws.-4                A /4" if' a VA                  . •w         ViLa            /ASS                                                          0
                                                                                                                                                  7-19.9 A / 2" 41                   AL

               r         A1          •41/ 4)          /        WO" LO rg..4-1DA                                                C air/         .7Ther'            6, A/0a             a
                                                                fa jiffs oesrimAr/em ,                                                                                               0
                        7--    7 -2/0- 01                            ,tdv 77: Al- e                      rifeA/              5/4.             "Were) 77,01-                   VAriC AC
                                                                           /1
                                               tier                  rs                Afrid A,s• s A 42 cie                            isis 0       ..A 2.0;              Thir

                                                                                                                                                                                            0
•   /vs,           Tin a           Kiits              veiey                 A- CA'FIAL-                  An           A       StiGhti                adatil          eo,vmS

    /IA nr                     y      &kIAA6S                           No               ,--76              NC         7171A 2"             A /4 rtcze             7jAFiA are -so

    F- 5 c              7-    r4i              721E.1/                  b i A41           44';       r              As s            A if       o                      77/1- 40i1E0

•                  / 4/ rA.4             7215 - NA-txt                           aAY j               /)0       C,            ViED       A           AZL               A OH                  C t
                                                                                                                                                                                      0
    AN AS               s-S Adore)                /              4/2.e           7 -6 -2.z.       49." /I/ -s ;foe et                          , - 4Ar                       IvmS J4I ( Th

    AN         A" /V 0 77            N      z_            s     A T.                                 A /z)          .5-2.4                   w, -6 7                   ,4'4P/,'C
                                                                                                                                                                             ,s/c AC)

    s air/            o_s                             770A)             71-NS             A/041 / / /V 6-1 .4.ati                       /               OZ.          .947          AT       0

    Ne4             sin,             eel 7- As                       evo          /r/f/ a                it         rAKMs                   u/nerS                  A---641 A
                                                                                                                                                                                            0
    C [-SARA                    C           7114' a a civ                       /10 xi., AL                ChiA e€14/ .E4..r.                 /6        ciff           ritv dta

    w      0        4cj5,f           ro           fl ',C4               ra j           Va             A-AVLcvel s                       m rdig               VA             cA
                                                                                                                                                                                            0
    nccaAlNn                               ArD                Thin      -            cAi-4               yob!.                                /7'        A       Al ff r

                                                                                                                             it                                                             0
     Trileva,/7                tr- )A1 A                      iii/mar -C                  ritexi           sAho               NA. AfridAsSAa aie
     w„...).         5 rivi,          nvo                 op                y     ein/                         Ai            eter-3/C/AA-                             AL/            lc   zho
                                                                                                                                                                                            ,OTh

         CK           VOP atA1 A 7-                           r ile ;           VAT/ CA/                            Yea        ui/j..4..• 4 C C                   /y e'        A

         0I 1           AN     a/0 -J%,                                              ,v     Ch. c.                                  u//4            A1A err                A -A Z.

    /44, 4 A tv 6              frf       A/ 7 --s;                tHeY                   wiz L.           r..5 . Cog                    Pa '        re           7 -4'C            e s/ a/ rAC

    xfre           yeici 1,(//4.t-          JFT                   7,/,k-Ae Kw ow                           wife' d            ro        Kgragm a/c /figivAnve
                                                                                                                                                                       •
                                                    WI 7771 76 el) /A Yo i c t -tIL 7-19/47- P -'u ,verAtti 77/ S7/1, m                                                                                  s".1,,efi
                                                   it ,
                                                     Ai a / W141- Ye% I NipPS sr el& r -h:e--774 :rift C- Afl      Si,? /-7


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                       Awe I               :24„ ear en/                           SA 7- a-r                      S          Oit/4 all         77/F-5W . A44 -4,

                                                   'WILt             If S fr/AiM                 IN        S -/         6C7       p,4't'L              Pnie Wi,C5                 CAA'       if -Cr 7- Z R 4/             7-0

                                                   re                vAr           /if

                                                                        A 4 Ur" TS/3/ OA/ 4-A TS4                                            I         4, et         (./     z)     A-      CALLA        /Cill OAK

                                                       ,frIgS. HA/                               fhig .           WAS A             67? A 434-)A r.s                                             nit -     .5-, -7-7

                                                       e;          CA 2-iFo/C4//242                       A/f/4         sAe ir.0       es-)c Cu 44flr                      á,VS4/ S4c               5 /9 er

                                                                    A/11           lir;          FP.°             IVY /17/va fl              SS.                     77/4=               ":A                          /

                                                                                        A            CA .82.S           ,a-41evcf                4),5. 3- 7 -',4 TS:              ,OS/6.44 7 -/-/ew r


                                                       /PEge;           S rovo                   %WA,- /                ASK              A/A /VA OA- To                    ?WA/          Cas/O           7 0    OS


                                                       This- fi g          Y-5      7- 4=            721a         N./ A "'A .1/4--'S lir    SA/ dA SS ,o /4/                      ,00/-/6            /           C-4/ 7 -
                                                                                                                                                                                                          17
                                                                TNS        A,v/I A                       A nit,         /-1.S    WAS        Co,V CO/2.4/s 0                   AA/4          SA/4 1         COL-


                                                       PSAI S0 /./ A 4.2 Y                  /        ivy 4/2.4          rinew        7 -/-/27/ol         v A         to      nieji                       t/a-         14W-

                                                   /         CAI/ '7; 4-',VAS SS /                            GS           ASA'IV/ S5 / 414/                  /c/740/1 ra/CY##

                                                                    Tin% "we? A ss y pe, A s                               9fr4 -FA        fl y Coiv TA, &L1 „4,,v41                               /7"A
                                              21

                                                   77/ 41R "          6 /11->-#                  4/g- 77/R                6/ 71 Z`;,̀C       .6 /4-21A/                     _ESAtc               .42 1-;

                                                   we,v              ce                              /    r014            fig    MA/VAC/4
                                                                                                                                                   /
                                                                                                                                                        leA.,y      AI S S        1.1 Cie      77.1.6:4'Zr       /3 -

                                                            o ,i/dce4 re; 60 re, rnc4r r/tia ei a L.gr                                                 to     . Con         -A cr        nfrof             gesseal.e.c

                                                   /        WAIL       SAW) A                     0/ S-/A r 4/71 tic A 4 A hi                            G       ThiAr Tge Si<MA

                                                        S     fi x/effie      ,4-LL/4                       Ce/./                   Afrd     Math             Re . /9%4 /eV Se              zli./ 77/2--
                                                                                                                   /I
                                                   fi /A441- El/ Sfl'as/                                   el,V

                                                                     Ng      rigA.,‘/KS!)                                       Ths A / 90z-ire                    Aflo W,


                                                                     e/Lef          £14164 )                               AS SrA T zi,v                       /           Tole' re • 2)                 A/ e;

                                                                    ire /OSA                u,       4,           ogg                                                7:95-          J A /°./4 414r -s-

                                                             cif     / GA)       at-G ./CS— AA/A ,Asit' a                                   ;c124 ,y19 kt,Q r AAJI A p

                                                            c•Hr.     A /I 4 it'                 ,        772 .          Cadel/ 41-/a r de              72/Ar S',41-1s                       c       ,v G         /


                                                                                    •
          rocK A                         r                CAA,                 /N       rite"       Lc' cAL// -*"

          5 ra / 11-1E0                  AT'        A     Lac Al-                Pair/Ca              SrArioAir                         A

         SitY °LC-                   gscovo7E -4                       He               t o    r „y                  A ,iogsss,                 ir      WA.           .04S lc

         wHArry /                  /Cy 0 cira -o                      ag        791.,--           o 0 It               A        14, afrf               /4e re. nz; it,            s'ev.4-0

         GA Z.E0              AT             HE AA/21 jlitrtt, Mr                                      G'1,7- A,V .0)( CS. A A-1,1 7-, a IV )                                               0

          Co t::. CoRS0                            ;4A/A       /N          A 1/4l-JA fiA                                Sat /I A A/ A/ atri? £-Ate4.4cz-mo
                                                                                                           It
                           sfr               7- vgivet01                   A    CA A-L-s MA.                    "(tit< COMA- A Ai                           3-2--tr          )4'/, e:       0
                                                                                                                I/                              it
         JS 4, aet-                          N.,     re..fr"- ca           A/izs..0               /ye'               Awa          -5',4)/o.,              A..4./.cr-ve
                                                                                                                                                                                 0
           rA         r     " fl             cAnff         via .r-c              /cm-
                                                                                    -         Ani SXA4A en                                      ice      Afl          „EAC14,4/Also
        I(
.         Yvg                 1...zr's       fl ett sane                   aa 0 V CaS                       PIS            /Clot>          7 -hCS 1r,44_, A ,,vs                            0
                                                                                                      //
                     7-41                                 OPAR                      / ers/.0 LS.

                 /          WAS              IN Vt TLCO                Irt,         A          S "'EN r                    A         0 4- I GH.r.fruz_                   orgride.4" Co

        oW MY .ra 40                               v/sir               /- verS Ie             A     007-/                  ,lifcce/cr- AO/               457/e;        .1 5I°C/YtQ
                 it
         ye'                   ,-/?, ens                          /    cArt,            c4.9AALy                       se-e -        "-NA-            7,,e 4=46- IS

•   •   ienla                 /NG              tRy             L,O                       otM          CA ;cc/ Afl                           /                                   sts-.., .0
                                                                                                                                                                                            0
          fi e-SASS;                     /    IVANt            To              u.1
                                                                           KW OW               wHAtisYNt                             / 14044.6 -           r."                   /74.4RAO
         spa fie            ufa               Y,S, COL, .6 Ur WO CAA/WO r                                                         //Y/605a- av,t1 riv oeimssC)
         ow you "                            A'sc" c .A "len_                   AA _
                                                                                .._ C                                      itiA                      pg pie ea sr e
                                                                                                                                                                                            0
         eur Afar Ainvir, AS                                          I've- SAY               a/      A ,'f fl /r// CA)                    14, 274A-      ,r4/?6
                                                                                                                                                               r                 Ex/40

                                     11
                                                          iv          you       SUS,57- A-414                          F/1'/.9.4, .0                       c          /.4-

         4.--.5-10g- ciALLY it                            /9- ,wvoz_.vss Me;
                          iWnY                Goo bre 17 A 7" eAch/                                                         rrn,c            "149 A -c'S A fia/P

          .58E 4ñQA,t72                            co.i- POO No 5 7"                                        Worn 6460                        *WY
                                                        )
                                                                               og
         l'a,"   KNOCKED                             41/ 0 tit                  /       Car        tilt a r/                pa/A 2.,
                                                                           /A
                                                                                                                                                                                            e
         RgCo             64/1Z.6                  rat'    ;ft,       rWLC A'A4nt/C                                    Shit'./.      ?WEN                 /re Cc Sw/Z                   t

         re a,            7 -771             04/4Y.               I/       //e/ rtie               W a 4.4.40                  771,47-          COL'4             S      2.1/.4F int

          ilo4LL0741                         SNOWS                    ,A        r" et//8 1,0                                   h'A           14<./4 fr" Ago t/rVa                rher

         wc,nhj               Pit40/9              4 °We,                  ireW               WiLL rtz.z.                       Yea                                      -
                                GA g             Cot.    VO      REHEna                  E/I     7-N4z- a /0/ S 04 a - aia. .77/E KEY.

            76' T,96 ,/A AAA/ - Er EWOA SSY IN Womitr.                                                          SA/o/               / tie)

           vsz Y C -6AL v•                               /92- c        iv 77,v vez) , " I              s- fl ojOc 54r6 Fa4

                     /          eV        /1"-
                                            -:       fit/7- Y ..roire e,v 440,c/                            ,

               0 V ei? Airla               7-     Ste ,,E4             my A Isis 0 bt/            H:6-Cirr 4iv2' 7-0 ,eust 07-n• -4.

           Hi 6,/,‘ 1'0S7 71 a b
                                                                           if
                         ./ tiv As A s r                        g      /        ./ SA/13        sH4 A HQ A SS A 4 eR            /       W/L-

          tA     -1:c        CA ier        O,'r         ye    .57 rtIA 7-2 ay tn., rne                 wae,v 4y                     kw4 a rs -

           A    LE 7" rn                                 witv G 7-/sihr Si 7-4/A 7 -,/ oh, .,4,4121                  7-14-7- ED         7;9 A r

           / 9 41a - /4/Y E RI CA A/                    ttire         .77112; /71-4 A'A.O.A '5 -51/ 0,0••               /re7-

                                  am htLa H "an                       77 a 0V-51          a4-dg /1/Li r A4 y            savr            evc,c,C,Az

          1k'   tNt            fi .A it     EA sr             fa / 41 61,4 4,6      1F,vD e A) „s:               y /P.G COA° 4L-4.A.Ty

                         A     ,--.ety DA B-• LA TEA                                                   S .11AA'ADA 77e..4                   2715

                4/       , 4'A4       .3 a-, Al .1-1 fr- 7-E4              AA/4          r4E       AJAA4,1              Fa,                4/

            f=fr--7 C4' hiA4 BeSA/                              a Ata 7 -/             /ea        / 744 /*Jr /          6-44        leeR SO4
           45 5,95                                                  You P6AA) Fietemo

                          heir        WAS. A / 3/ 20t,vitio                       to     rhie 11/      hi           / 7704/         /140

          WPW             49 A Cif" 7-4            R0M6          A, d           T-247E   V A-r/ CAA/ 4S A ithelASSA4 (7,0,

     •    A s A .L/GhsrE4 Aar"                                  A PA az)                 a,c•                    ri,t, c AcAI4= weer, r -

TI        ra see Ane j/A44.0 A                                  /it        LA T ER         72, 440 HE'      Yoe., Non - nArs

                                                                                                                                    /
                                                                                                                                                w/rn

                                                                                                                                           S274 ye".
         . 719en, rhi,                AndAssikiiaa                                                     "Es LO/"C          AS

                 4a011 E-             /S         L/A1045/1/E -             So             ->ca-7/4 WERE A r
                                                                                   CW4P"."-                                     .cI 5,,a6S,4,
                      5   Po s      non    Y ORPF.R.S

     There was one minor irritant which was a concern to the

Command.     I received a call from General Dasher; and in his

office was a Captain in charge of our APO, or Military Post

Office.    The little APO, in one month, had sold ten times the

payroll of the Command in money orders.    The General asked me if

I knew how this was happening.

     I told him, "Yes, Sir, it is very simple.    Money orders

bought without a payee's name, are taken to the black market.

They are treated as dollar instruments.    The money orders bring

disproportionate amounts of lire or military script.     A G.I. can

easily double his money in a few days.    That is one channel.     The

second is:    Officers and United States civilians exchange them

for dollars at the American Express office.    These dollars then

go into the black market exchanged for large amounts of lire or
                                                                                P


          script."

               General Dasher asked, "Can we stop it?"

               "Yes, Sir. There is a theater directive that no Americans in
0
          Italy can have dollars in his possession.     I will stake out the

          outside of the American Express office and pick     up every
0   E     American, military and civilian, and deliver them to the Chief of
0
0         Staff; and he can prefer charges.     Or, send them to their units

0         for disciplinary action.   However, the money orders going into

          the black market are another problem.     They find their way into


0         the Vatican Bank.   My jurisdiction ends at the Vatican walls.

          How they find their way to the United States, or are cashed in, I


    Ti    don't know; but to make it harder, let's make each purchaser fill

          in the payee's name."

               General Dasher said, "Are you sure, Phil, about the

0         Vatican?"
0   5[1        "Yes, Sir.   I will send one of my men to the Vatican Bank to
0         purchase United States money orders.    Tomorrow I will put

0         $2,000.00 worth of our money orders on your desk."

               He an iswered, "Go ahead, Phil, so then I can tell the Theater
0         Commander I saw them with my own eyes.    I did put them on his

          desk, and he said, "I'll be damned.    Now what will you do with

          them?"   I told him, "Send my man back out and tell him to bring

          back my $2,000.00 and keep the profit."

               The General was laughing and shaking his head when I left.

          I thought, it's a good thing he trusts me.    The purchasing of

          money orders dropped just about to normal shortly thereafter.


0
0
0
0
0
                                                                                   CD
                                                                                   CD
                                                                                   C)
                                   FIROELLO LA GUARDIA
                                                                                   CD
                                                                                   CD
ILl       paimiluIstcHIgogRy
               General Dasher called me on the phone an d said, "Phil, my
                                                                                   C)
                                                                                   C)
                                                                                   C)
          aide is bringing a distinguished visitor to your office.     Take
                                                                                   C)
          care of him, he needs some information.    When he walked in, I          C)
          recognized him.    He was Fiorello La Guardia, former Mayor of New       C)
                                                                                   C)
          York and now head of the relief agency in the United States
                                                                                   C)
          sending large quantities of food to Europe to help the needy.       He   C)
          sat down and began.   "Colonel, I have. gotten reports of abuse of

          our relief assistance especially in the distribution of food             C)
                                                                                   C)
          stuffs.   The General said you know about such practices."      I
                                                                                   C)
-11       answered, "Yes, Sir, I can give you some examples, but I am               C)

          afraid the news will not be good."                                        C)
                                                                                    C)
               I was told he was a remarkable man, his answer verified or
                                                                                    C)
          confirmed what I had heard.   He said, "As head of the agency I           C)
          must take responsibility for the errors and shortcomings of my            CD
          organization."    I answered him by saying, "You can't be too
                                                                                    CD
                                                                                    C)
          critical of yourself, since you are often placed in a situation,          C.
          in which you can do very little, in addition you can do very


      1   little as far as Washington is concerened.     Your biggest problem

          is with the communist and their friends and sympathizers in our

          Government.

              He then said, "I believe you.    Can you explain the details

          to me?"   And so E began, "I have found out from Embassy sources

          that upon orders from Washington the bulk of the aid has been

          allotted to European countries now under communist control and

                                                                                   '
                                                                       bultmenrs Tor example, of food such as flourj

                                       JJ        wheat etc., are arriving in Yugoslavia and the bags and boxes are


0 0 000000
                                                 restenciled in the native language, "From Mother Russia."      The

                                                 same is true in Hungary, Poland, Czechoslovakia, Rumania, etc.

                                       Li        The people do not know that the food is from the United States.

                                                 In Italy and in my area, Rome, there are about twenty

                                                 distribution centers.     The only way the people can get a ration

                                                 of food is to show a communist party card."

                                                         I could see the look of concern on his face when he said,

                                                 "What can be done?"     I answered, as for the communist countries,


 0000000000000000Q000000000000000000
                                                 that is up to you and perhaps the Department of State, whom I do

                                                . not trust.    All I can see is that you issue orders that if the

                                                 practice does not stop, you will cut off aid.     As for Rome, I

                                                 intend to stop the practice.     I have met with the Italian

                                                 authorities.    We are now collecting the names of those that gave

                                                 the order, that there will be no ration without a communist party

                                                 card.    Within 10 days, all centers will be closed and the

                                                 perpetrators will be arrested.    The centers. will reopen and food

                                                 will go to the needy.    There will be an announcement from the

                                                 Italian authorities' and similar actions will be taken throughout

                                                 Italy."

                                                      He was most pleased, I then said, Mr. Laguardia would you

                                                 like to visit some of the centers?"    His answer was, "Yes, I

                                                 would like to very much.
                                                                        .."

                                                      I said, "Sir, I won't go with you, because I am too well

                                                 known and may alert them, but if you don't mind I will send one

                                                 of my best men a former New York Detective and a custom Guard


                                            •     Lieutenant.. They are the best, and you can feel safe with them.

                                              They also know the situation very well."
                                            .:%
                                                   I shook hands with hih and he thanked me.        Later, I received

                                                 'a note of appreciation._
          uuring the early days of our occupation, Rome was overrun.

11   with "Scognizzi" a translation is urchins.     They were wild packs

     of boys that roamed the streets day and night.     On one occasion

     an Italian friend told me, he came to Rome and was overwhelmed by

     a pack of Scognizzi.   He said, he opened the door of his

     automobile and he was overwhelmed.    About 20 of them jammed in

     his car like ants.   He couldn't move his arms or legs.   They

     stripped the inside of his car of his luggage and everything not

     bolted down and then just as quickly disappeared.    They would

     come up to you in the street and offer to sell you almost

     anything.   It was not unusual for one to come to you and in good

     English say "Hey C. I.., want to sleep with my sister she is a
                                                                               0
     virgin, $1.0.00 extra."   I used to grab one and begin a torrent of

     words in Italian and say "Let's go td the police."    they would

     begin phoney pleas, of my Mother is sick and needs money, etc.        I

     would turn them loose with a boot in the rear.    As they were

     running I could hear choice curses aimed at me, that were not

     intended for tender ears.

          After a few months,. I noticed the Scognizzi began to

     disappear from the streets.   I made some inquiries of the police

     and after a few days a priest called on me.    He began a most

     interesting story.   His tale was a follows:

-


                                                                               c
         I had been trying for months to lure the Scognizzi, to camps
0
    and havens we set up outside of Rome.     I had to bribe' them to

0   have them come-     I would give them a meal, clean beds, clothes

    and even shoes.     But, as soon as they left, they or their

    families would sell the shoes and clothes on the black market and
0
0   they would reappear on the streets as ragged and dirty as ever.
0   We decided that the only solution was to keep them at the camps,

    permanently.

         One day while trying to lure a group with cigarettes, the

    police pulled a raid and I was arrested with the others and

    charged with dealing in cigarettes on the black market.      The raid
0
    had netted about 30 boys and one priest, all charged with black

    market activities.     When the Judge heard my story, he checked and
0   found that it was true.    I was surprised when he sentenced the
0
    entire group to 30 days at my camp in my custody.      From the group

0   in my custody I learned two things.     One, that Rome was divided
0   into territories.     Each territory had districts protected by the
0
    organization.     The districts were headed by a 16 year old, the

0   territory by a 17 year old and the area on top by a group of 10

    year olds.__ The lower level gangs ranged from 6 years_ old to 15

    years old.     The second revelation was that they trusted no one,

    even prie9ts:    Their attitude was no one gives you anything for

    nothing.     This applied to what we offered.   They said, "You have

    to have an angle, and you will begin to preach and give sermons

    to turn us into altar boys and priest.     Your holy attitude seems

    phoney to. us.    What has you God ever given us?"

         As you can see we had our job cut out for us.     I was most

    fortunate that in the group, in my custody, and without my
knowledge was a 16 year old District Chief.   He was an

intelligent boy, and made his own decision, that maybe Were was

something to this.   He went out and brought in two District

Chiefs.   Finally, a territory head came in to observe and stayed.

The Scognizzi (urchins) followed.   The Italian boys' town came

into being.

     The priest ended his story by saying, "The best thing that

ever happened to me was that I was arrested, charged and

sentences as a black marketeer.   God works in mysterious ways."


                                               •
                                           -CHAPTER II


                                         THE,SOFMUNRERBELLY
             w hysrpil    ofilIRCE/41-
0
0                   Churchill recommended an invasion of Italy and a thrust into
0             Yugoslavia, into what he called "The Soft Underbelly."     He was
0             overruled by the United States military high command.     In later
               years when I was on the NSC staff I often wondered.             Was
0             this a military decision or one influenced by political

              ideologist within our government?     In later years I discovered
    :-•
0             that military officers often went along with policy consideration
      LI      against their best interests, but which they accepted without a
0             murmur.     These situations puzzled me, but most often they
        Li
              disgusted me that men of proven courage would bow before a "so-
0   _
              called" civilian counterpart of questionable loyalty.
0                  Beginning in 1937, many intellectuals, passing themselves
0
              off as refugees, migrated to the United States.     Most came 'from

0             central and southern Europe.     They were generally Marxist-

              Socialist oriented and were fleeing their homeland because of the
0             looming Nazi-Fascist terror.     They entered many universities as

              professors and lecturers and our government in a favored status,
0             as P-12s, without security clearances.     They spawned much of our


0       Li   '..liberal media and future government employees.   I pulled many of

             'their files and they advanced by recommending each other.       Their

              thinking favoring communism continued to influence not only World
0             War II but Korea and Vietnam.
0
                   In later years I met Winston Churchill and shook hands with


0               him.     He had come to Rome to review the plans for the invasion of

                southern France.

0
                                                                        C)
        I received a call from the Commanding General, and he
                                                                        C)
instructed me to report to a suite on the top floor of the              C)
Excelsior Hotel.     I was to take my weapon and report to a General   • 0
                                                                        C)
Browning.    He. said, "So Charley Dasher sent his Chief of Security
                                                                         0
 and Intelligence."    When I leave, I will lock you in, give me         0
 your left wrist."    I extended it, and he snapped a handcuff and       C)

chain from which hung a dispatch briefcase.    "I'll unlock you
                                                                         C)
tomorrow."    I stayed up all night guarding the plans for the

invasion of Southern France.     In the morning, a group of officers     0
                                                                         0
and civilians came in.    General Browning took the briefcase.     I
                                                                             0
. was introduced to one of the civilians.   A stocky man, smoking a
                                                                             0
cigar      he was Winston Churchill.                                         C)
                                                                             C)
                                                                             C)
0                                     LUCKY LUCIANO
0
0
                 Just after the surrender of the German Armies, the United

           States Government began to deport Mafia or "Cosa Nostra"

           characters from the United States to Italy.
0                                                        General Pasquale the

           Chief of Italian Intelligence, once told me, "Corso, don't we
0          have enough of these types in Italy, and you ship us more."

           Jokingly, I answered, "Well, they are returning to the land of

0          their roots, you know often we are very benevolent."    This was

           always good for a refill of good Italian wine.   We placed them on

           a watch list.
0
                 One of these types, made himself a United States Army

    L.     Colonel, and went to the huge sprawling building of the Allied
0          Control Commission.   He found a suite of empty offices and set

           himself up in business.   He hired a secretary and other   '

0   1_
           civilians, hung up a shingle and painted an official looking sign

           and his name on the glass door panel.   He began to sell United

          States surplus military material. I received a series of
0
0         complaints whereby he had collected millions of lire in advances,

           but no deliveries were forthcoming.   I moved in before he moved
    .r1
          out.    His explapation was, "They were greedy bloodsuckers, and
0
0         what did I have to lose."    Another, familiar with the military.
0         'syttem, wrote himself military orders as a Captain.    He was

          having a merry time traveling from base to base on military

          travel orders, he was collecting pay and allowances and even
0         travel pay. )1e had PX ration cards and was making a mint on the

          black market.    I caught him in the nick of time, he had promoted
1 49                                                                             "jC
        himself to Major and was planning to write himself orders

        transferring back to the States.     He had $25,000.00 on him and

        had defrauded the United States Army of a similar amount.

               We used to laugh and felt that /such ingenuity had to be

        admired.

               Shortly afterwards and following a successful operation      WY
        C.I.C. Captain's invited me to a dinner at one of' Rome's most

        picturesque restaurants.    Perched on a hill overlooking Rome, I

        arrived with Franco, my driver, bodyguard and Customs Lieutenant.

        When I arrived the C.I.C. officers stood up.     On occasions like

        this I often wondered, strange things happen in the military,

        among those standing were two FBI agents, a New York Detective, a

        Boston Detective and a Chicago Police Lieutenant.     These were'all

        professionals, and highly trained.    I was the least professional,

        but the highest military rank and so I was their operational

        commander.    A mutual respect had grown between us, because not

        only shared the good times; but also shared in the dangers of our

        job.    I was proud that they accepted me as their leader.

               When I sat down, eight men at the next table arose in unison

        and departed leaving unfinished meals.    Dominick Zullo, one of my

        best agents, the New York Chief of Detectives spoke up and said,

        "Colonel did you know who was in that group?     When he saw you, he

        recognized you and left and his cohorts followed."     I said, "No;

       'Dominick, the one with glasses looked vaguely familiar.
        .

               Zullo said, "That was Lucky Luciano."   I came back, "Well,

        he must know about us, so Dominick since, you have been

        acquainted in the past, contact him and give him this message, I

        have no truck with him.    lie can remain in Rome, but under no
     11   conditions will he conduct any operation in my area.     Make it

          short and sweet, he will understand."
     11        I never heard, or saw hide or hair of him again.
7)
7)             I had to be alert that criminal activity did not spill over
7)        and Affect security.     Miring the war years we had two forgers who
7)        were such experts that with pen, ink and brush, they could
7)
C)        duplicate a printed document.     After the cessation of hostilities

C)        we had to let them go.    They then turned to counterfeiting our
C)        military script.    After their arrest, they said our script was
C)
          Child's play to counterfeit.    I turned them over to the Italians
C)
C)        and we set   9 light sentence because of their past services to us.
C)
C)
     Ji
C)   [
C)
C)
C)
C)

C)
C)
                                  CLARK GABLE

                                      AND

                                HUMPHREY BOGART


            In early 1943, I left for England.    Our flight left Andrews

    Air Force Base and that afternoon we landed at Dover Air Force

    Base in Maine.    That night after dinner we went to the officer's

    club.    It was a hugh hanger type building.     Hundreds of Air Force
A   Officers were there and the drinking and singing was heavy and

    loud.     An announcement came over the loudspeaker that Captain

    Clark Gable, was buying the drinks for the house for the rest of

    the night.    A loud cheer went up.     Later in the evening, he

    stopped at our table and he was a most delightful individual.              He

    shook hands with us and wished us all good luck.       The men in his

    squadron swore by him and said that he was a real man and a nice

    fellow.    They thought the world of him and so did we, a real down

    to earth officer.    Possibly many were influenced by the drinks,

    but I had the impression that he was a most sincere and friendly

    individual.

         Although we were deeply involved in military matters the

    highlights of this short narrative is my meeting with Clark

    Gable, and Humphrey Bogart.    Even as hardened individuals as we

    were becoming, we recognized the two as down to earth, likable

    individuals with which we could relate in. this stage of a war

    time setting.    We were in the scenario with them.

         After an eventful tour in England I left with my

    interrogation team on a C-54 headed for fifth army headquarters.
                                                                                    •
                                                                       I   .
                                                                                                       t el

         We arrived deep in Africa at Marrakech, took a truck over the

         Atlas Mountains, to Algiers, then to Mostaganem and Army

         Headquarters. We began preparing for the invasion on Italy.

         After the landing at Salerno we held and moved north, took

         Naples, moved north to Caserta and set up in the former

         headquarters of the Italien Air Force Academy.    Fifth army

         headquarters was a relatively comfortable place after sleeping on

         the ground and in tents for months. I had a room on the fifth

        floor.     A friend of mine Captain Pat Romano had just left the

       . forty-fifth division for assignment at headquarters and I asked

         to share my room.    Which he did along with the fleas he brought

         with him from sleeping on the ground.

kht             While staying at fifth army headquarters, at the Air Academy

 ti     Building, I met Humphrey Bogart. It wasn't a planned meeting, but
S14.     very informal and in a way embarrassing.    The first time I saw
1 I
        him he was sitting on his rear knocked down by a swinging door.

        Captain Romano and I, had been together before, in the States and

        Italy.    He was a sound sleeper and I had trouble getting him up

        in the morning.    The doors in the Officer's mess closed at 7:30

       .sharp and unless you entered before you went without breakfast.

        This particular morning we were close to the deadline.     From the

        fifth floor there was a winding spiral stairs that led to the

        rear doors of the mess hall.     We only had a few minutes and were

       'flying down the stairs: . Pat- was over 6' and went well over 200

       : lbs.   He waS leading.   He hit the swinging door at full speed and

        we heard a thud!.    I hit the other door.   We saw.a man sitting on

        the floor. and realized we had knocked him down.    We quickly went

        oVerHand helped him to his feet and apologized.     I saw a smiling
                     •


                                                                        .....
                                                                    •


                                                                                                 ...
                                                                                        •
                                                                                    •
                                                                                •           ..
face and recognized the voice aa he said, "I should have learned

long ago not to get in front of a swinging door in a bar or mess

hall."   I thought, "The screen's toughest man apologizing to two

sleepy, Junior army officers, I said, "I am sorry Mr. Bogart, we

overslept and were hurrying without thinking."   "Your not hurt?"

He answered, "A little dirt in the rear never hurt anyone."       Then

we all three began to laugh and I said, "Mr Bogart, will you let

us buy you a drink tonight at the bar?"   His answer was, "I

accept your invitation a little alcohol will ease any bruises."

I said, Yes, Sir, we will go to the standing bar."   He laughed

and we shook hands.

     We made breakfast thanks to Humphrey Bogart, because

everything even serving stopped until we got him on his feet,


                                                        .......
                             HATA HARI?


       There is one observation I wish to make.   The deadly game I
played was nothing more than an extension of the deadly combat

war game that was being played by the allied armies on the battle

field.    Except for collaborators of which I arrested over 200,

like Axis Sally there were no women involved on either side.        In
espionage and sabotage there was no such thing as a Matn Hari.

We used no female agents and neither did the Germans.

       At one, point I was sitting at dinner with the Chief of

Italian Intelligence, General De Pasquale, in a joking manner I

said, "General, I thought I we's a friend of yours."    He said.,

"You are, have we done something wrong?"     I answered, "Yes." "In

the movies and story books, an intelligence service, targets

their counterpart, and sends a sultry, beautiful spy to seduce

him.    What is the matter with me?   Send one to ensnare me and if

she is pretty enough, I will talk my head off."     He began to

laugh and said, "We will see what can be done."

       I doubt if we will be called male chauvinist, because we

excluded women into his dirty game of kill or be killed.     I don't

think that even women's lib will complain because we left them

out of this rotten game we called intelligence and security and

counter espionage and sabotage.

       One night while I was at dinner with Karl Haas, my counter

part in the German Army.   I asked him, "Karl, why didn't you use

any female .agents against us?   I destroyed your male agents, why

didn't you try a female, perhaps you would have caught us off
                                                                          CD
     guard?"   He laughed and said, "What a waste of time and effort it   C)
     would have been to train women to seduce men like you in Italy.      CD
     A country that is overflowing with beautiful women. How could we     CD
                                                                          C)
     compete against such a bounty."
                                                                          CD
          We did use some of the administrative personnel that worked     C)
     at our C.I.C. headquarters.   For example, when an agent was         C)
                                                                          C)
     suppose to deliver crystals to the   two agents transmitting
                                                                          0
     messages from Rome to the Germans.   The rondevous was in the        C)
     lovers lane area of Villa Borghese, the hugh public park in the      C)
                                                                          C)
     center of Rome.   However, since we did not have enough girls, we
                                                                          C)
     had to dreds about a dozen male agents in woman's clothes.           C)
          It was a successful operation and we captured the German        C)

     agents.   I won't mention the sly and lewd remarks made by the
                                                                          CD
                                                                          0
     agents.   I even made observations that dome of them made the most

     ugly looking females I had ever seen.                                0
CI                                                                        0
                                                                          0
                                                                           0
                                                                           0
                                                                           0
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                                     TEMPTATIONS -hiOntrieBELDS


                                                             An intelligence operator in a foreign country during a war

                                                     can become a pinnacle of power.    Control of investigations,

                                                     authority to arrest and release, the exercise of military

                                                     authority, and control of indigenous security forces can become

                                                     an awesome power centered in one individual.    This power brings

                                                     with it the seeking of favors by those caught in the security

                                                     net, which can be easily accepted or rejected.     Early in my tour

                                                     in Rome I had to make the decision on which path to follow.     The

                                                     beginning was the attempted bribes with gold coins to release

                                                     prisoners from my security prison.

                                                       .   Perhaps most fortunate, the protection of the lives of the

                                              !i I   Americans in the area and security of our installation became

                                                     almost an obsession bordering on religious fervor with me.      As I

                                                     look back, my power and authority stemmed mainly from this one

                                                     fact.    I was constantly under attack from the communists,

                                                     British, Socialists, many Italians,and even high American

                                                     officials whose skirts were not always clean.    I was difficult to

                                                     get at, and was always ready to shove fabricated information down
                                              '71    the throats of the originators.    I could give many examples, but

                                                     I want to cover one of the most lucrative temptations ever

                                                     offered to me.

                                                           During the first two years I had a most interesting and

                                                     intelligent Italian working for me.    Sometime in 1946, he called

                                                     and asked me to come down to his place of business.    I went, and

                                                     it was a very elaborate antique shop.    He greeted me cordially,
                                                                       -

and we went back into the back room where he showed me a painting

of Christ on the cross done by Titian.      Next, two Mongolian
                                                                           C)
ponies about two feet high and three feet long.    Lastly, was the         C)
real treasure -- a small bronze statue covered with patina, by             C)
Cellini.
                                                                           C)
     Then he began, "Senor Corso, if there is one man I trust in

this world, it is you.   I will pack the Mongolian ponies, which

date back to Genghis Khan; they will be suspended in the box.      I
                                                                           0
will pack the Titian and Cellini statues., I will make bills of
                                                                           C)
sale for you.   Then in ten or fifteen years you will surface them         0
and offer them for sale.    We will be partners in this venture."          C)
    It was a kind of a shock to me and I said, "Aldo, the
                                                                           C)
Cellini is a priceless national treasure.    Can you imagine the           C)
furor it would cause when it would be surfaced in the United               0
States?"   He said, "Yes, I know, but you can handle it."
                                                                           C)
                                                                           C)
    "Aldo, at the moment I have to say no, but I thank' you for

your faith in me."

    He answered, "I was afraid you would say that, but think
                                                                           C)
                                                                           C)
about it; my offer stands    indefinitely, for you only."
                                                                           C)
                                                                           0


                                                                           C
         My future was enhanced by an operation which I recommended'

     but was never ordered to be carried out.   At a staff meeting in       "39


      which the Theater Commander was present, he asked me, "Corso, how

TI    is the Communist Party being financed?"

           I answered, "By the Soviet Union."

           He came back with the question, "Can you prove what you just

      said?"

           "Yes, Sir."

           He then said, "If you can prove it, why have you never

      submitted the evidence?"

           T replied, "For the reason, Sir, that I need an order from
      higher headquarters before I can furnish the last piece of

      indisputable evidence."

           "What order do you need?"

           I continued, "My black market informants tell me the exact

      day that Russian gold will hit the market, even to the point of

      which plane it will arrive on.     I know the Soviet Embassy cars

      that go to pick up the couriers.    There is a curve on the road

      the cars have to take.    This curve is along side of a cliff so at

      that point the cars will slow up.   The cars will be waylaid;

      then, with the occupants in them, will be pushed over the cliff.

      The carrying case containing the gold bullion will be delivered

      to me, and I will bring it you unopened."

           He shot back, "But we don't do such things."

           I answered back, "But they do, Sir, and it is the only way."

           He ended the conversation by saying, "I will let you know."

           A week later, General Dasher called me and said, "Phil, here

      is a letter and a certificate for you, which I am most pleased to

      give you."   In it was the First Army Commemoration Medal given in

      Italy and personally signed by General Lee, the Theater
i
t


i]
      Commander.   It was accompanied by a letter which said:

          "In the future, there will be ekams to qualify reserve

      officers for the Regular Army.   I an personally sending a letter

      to Washington recommending you for appointment to the Regular

      Army."

          General Dasher shook hands with me and said, "My endorsement

      goes with the letter."


Ii    •   As the reader can surmise, security often can take many

     interesting and icing reaching effects.

IL.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  1_1


000000000000
                                                                                                7:r- fel b               Je USS/ ANS
                                                                      7-0 le C g 0                               "       7 R./                       0/./                         ez7 ;Vs, .
                                                                      7 FA             77 cc               s (,)                  4/4A                  eF            7 t 1--sr              ItIL4 At               4W                      _Li/            r 6'417A'
                                                       ,                                                                  C             Z-        /e n"?                      IVF/2 A Z             1,4         h' eif           •          .;-/S

                                        ;:7                                                                     CM            r         /?L             71/2 40 A/                .410 S e/1-                                     ey.s,

                                              I            t       1 .r              y        4.)         c                 ,w70                     7,248- a /0 AI /14/ A A ATY
                                      A //e !c/.,                   AS           GS: A/EWA                         V AS 1-0 1/ 1
                                                                                                                               5                      AifflX                7-11.9 6 . ivsAAL                              c                        ./..v         4-r
                                   _..2 .4                                  c            7.7,42_-- A.A.. 7 e/A"                          .44-tNs4                             As /S 04/                             frt...t/1
                                          o2                                .4 tg od4F frf                               _2260- 7flAJS4                                    CO /I e-1 A a/ 4,Ez
                                                                                                                                                                                            -ti                                                p                   razz
                                                       1            / tocite Ai-17 c7               .4                                                                                       0.1e          /c e,Ai                     it

                                         CO ty 7<                           _0_41ty.t.Cr             fe_e?"1".__A Zt.             roa             ewe ASS be .14/                         Al e /IC:             /       VA                   7ojA                 sr kr
                                                                                 A        i e afrt"           C A .411 °                 r       A 12       ftl          /1 EA/ C                          Y t-v o-Ace                            7.4-2/o..r
                                          /-161 ,Flovt./g                             s              1:-/e               d rJA/                                          Ye 7-1 /          oI.s. A,c,'1/


 0000000000000000000000000000000
                                                       _ t. 'r                       LX r            nen,                           /         ze                                    STA eer tc• CAA'S                            etre:te             77/7
                                              A' 'S5 /A 4/                                     1 7-0 /c/ -1( 12, rile : /PACS'Si'A
                                                                                   / 'Ateif Ss 1                                   h4:4,941 I AVP4° / 4/6-41
                                              )                ri            / tV V / .17 4) .OA n/fIFAfrtC.4Sr 0./c- Ste -tie An 1.--= 6 6 S     Lica/P.
                                                  /J                WAS                       WA rret                si A ss,                        WW.F.C4 /               rAs nee /7-                    /           fl ,S C                   / etf..ercf)
                                                                     rs,t .trD
                                                                    14:"A sThCre
                                                                               - T6 prA,                           7/1.2. 191./SS /                         /V         Co 40,v AFL        / 0/ cv-r                             ../-/               el.ta /14,4;)
                                                  at                 .1? ./‘ 2:1; C)           A          7CA s z                             /       vi rea1-                     / At TO 1, 4 C                               /7/J "1,--
                                                   Hr                       7- A 1-17:- CA 41,                     Ate .04 CCE tor E-e)                                    ye/ The                S /      .7-4..C•/11 T-V-* • 7WA:, A
                                                   X'S 2 / A'/                             ‘.c lev4 A .1                          ci4. 0                ,         '                                                              .(3        4 .„            A
                                                   .z                   .1 kr.                        n."                eyr             Go ee .1.00 mAC                              A-A41.7 s.'c1nC                                  x Ceti- ertt47--
                                                               4/ ez 1- S 171.                                     c               sgt                  WAS A                            fIS A 417- ye-4z I- 4 e et--                               A .4.4 0

                                                   Lt., .4 4                 A       Vr             40-       AN` cP 77-/zw- ta-./.44 /                          /-/ it/AA' We OS C I ce
                                                       /4 A ie 0:45W/A CA Psa-,0                                         8V                  7*2t:          1-17 /4/ .19.4.44•4AA4.0 . • /fi'S sei/e                                                w--4/6-4/.
                                                       A -5" oz.                           /P         ts, A s            Woe/ tt.                ate)        r                s     7- .4 .7'.4                                 7'eJ 4, t '-="A Tee/                     _

                                                       er           c A vsfr-              if             wAs so cc L/)                              rxr               rAss-             c444,0         ct'44 .4?e c                                    IC.
                                                        AL Pre S_/
                                                                 --                        /Aft/          a" 0/ A

                                                                            I 0°a             Aalv A I. Ar                              7-#                        W CAM/3                 iv. Lc        WFAPLZ                 es:%5 r                     tot

                                                                             C A ebto          CO el           A iveicl?                     A       1/, Se ARM'                      7 - COL.            A //4            /12 1/Z.- -STA te- F
                                                               A AV?           N G g ,A1 Y AV S      w el? E . Af A                                         4 1"        ro/evsAdr.                 c        7 /12 2.t: 651)./.S. 0,-"Sen
                                                                                    thisa        J
                                                               4              7Mitiet,  -7 -)re:WE'n    to    rile                                           in/SS                 A n        •     7:WS                k/4-5               604 , •-gr-
                                                               'F;f              A/....e-7_,V 7-          /lea 43,fr/ 4/6               wir92-4:7 ,                       A4FC7,6rC                      y94C            / C 'eP                    A   r


                                                                /           SAW-           A          6A - AV/A/V                  OF*/              /C e/P                 .0"6/ 41R 0 A     c                     ,     ,3
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           /4 "" ,sr                              0.tc
                                                               A e:              c        a         7t4tA 7-         /     WAS /4/ CWAtt,                                            eme 77-12ejfsccar                                            ati c ci
                                                                                 IT 60r                    CLO5.F /                               7- ) C &re)                      W AS A- 6.'4-5 /LW A 44 ea 4- d'Ites•ArL.
                                                                      z/.       gAcr/LV                        CA /VC-             a 1°          TO     /NS'              svf z_ 4/.7-ta                A/v4 -TA                            /.4/
                                                                      ,v 4 / S8                      I) art, r            SE-4.40 7wr,41 4,1 CM'                                         779.e P v-1- d                    •117Z.Z            Thee-ry..421

                                                                                         As ?en                                                      n -14'                                         f               .3 AC                   -.0
                     •


                                             nri                 It,A                   ,frr         /vo             co                   p Asewc                        •vc,
                          /


                                                                                                                                                                                                            2 7- /
r_                                      4_0 7                                                                                         c                           river          :71/      ennty-                 e'er                           _


                                                                                            a           A                              ,77/6"           gei s            / A 4/             / c.            Ai Al 77.-              OliAtr A/..
                              i          e               7 FR.                          21       irr-        L .t           re) e44r 4/f4                            A -5 K               1.3           /27-                        01 E.2
                 _2171                        4:-                P         e". Pt 14 4./ G )                          ev.                 /          /01çC                   / re"                          eV;        c


                                        F         00                                                 S.R-              44/0               ir                                     s                          724 3

                              0                                                                 ts4 tF c_r_/04,s ta, 7-Ns                 ./                                                        A &din_                  afr/SZCafi              ge,

           ••_                    1.)    A          ,4'VSS,AM                                  Fr*/          AL                  CA /0 TA zekil                     ro       c                                                  Atr

                              air I                               ii                            72 7 14 —            -SW 0 t 6 t al tlIt                      WAS                A        &ALL!                        G-7      / aS /P/ nrf         ai

                         /                                                                      ta."4                                     V G/ C                    .' 7W            7                       r1A: it? ir

                                                           t                                            zitz           ter- 7e            A S           1       a

                                                  er,        s             eiitt            E tre W                     oc3       „ A rsoi. s.                    tie        it" erj etescza^                              jr,s_s"

                                                         G                 /        t           our              _,7)1
                                                                                                                     1P                                       /24o/1 .                                                       _7-0        •           411

                                   114.2          At.                                                                                                                                                                        teLL,sczy,...4 jsce41
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 11

                         A (7-1tr            Le filE                   r            tspe-                    C/A .t Lk -)                     r41 -c-       414
                                                                                                                                                                             4F             0zZ4'

                                              /         C,       A7                 1/1if                    IPIP.AF C                    r/         4r- A /KO                                      1r A tr              c7/rr                       41)

                          Ai/  A C C ci ,ft.e-/ Sig A cc',V r     stir           4 -7P s 8 - v    72        , A4      if-            411
                          dc.k oil co el A'A A, • c.,t/ WAS Pie-     b7:0 .
                                V/HF H     wdir         rafinegiO,t nizs    We: 0754 L. S C,t"IA              (.7 71/111 14.0 -"Fee,
                                                          r
     . .         _         A S 1710  eid G A           &lyeVOA r_0/0 721r /Pe/Ss /,4 4,        G .1.;" -7 7 e/ iLr - 72/A S          •

                              v'        C                                  /)                       SO               7-0         CA`e r A 7 -               A       417.7-247,                      1        S -           1-    Al k i              —40
                          Dtv.e.g 7-0 de/ 5•1 t/L-s- A •SHA LI, 4 OTT 1..e- 0fir 04/v1r                                                                                                                                       eivS7-

                         _listr0nb7                        7191?                   alIV/V Ere                    /              A' A NYC A.Oa7T7&D                                        0e..".v. Corr                  6,C          ct./t.ar


                              0/41 ep - cmas frc                                                                                          297e/ A (

                                                                                                                                            /13 vss/AN Ce1,4. aevar/
                                                                                                                                                                        c,       W 0C-'4.12._JS C.-- i/                          4           Y.)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     •
                                       .rAr         Air                                                     7-       a ler      rim.                                             /1/170/11

                                             ex'                         ,cc, e                 efill,te.                   N?            Cott / 4.4 ev, 0N c/ 1-7 1e9E - Arrfe,iccv.
                              2(9 L                 0          AS              /                MAY.E0                     fl Y        GLASS                      w17N               77//f: C                     4        ,/,/,e            ,

                                                  9-4 , J.- Li, s, °fit                          -2c ,e-gs                       A-04           14-An r              OA" A                6t r 7- 7iAt

                                  SOT             sL 47/3/ 0 Y                     eita 41 /1/K.                     e r k-r#                    77-9 A1t"                   /                               -way    /
                                  ater 5A A./                  TO           A -te -4                r1s                DiVYKS                        fr2A/A1-.1y                     7-/-fir            FP ass/A ,,v

                                                         17A               I        Gar                 PP            Win!                ././ /At           Li, 6 .- A 07N                         sn.a2.Y-

                                                  /9 a               .                          S                                1-       COLoAzr2.                      tcpr                        C if             A :6/ 0

                                        fc clab 1A, ifs                                             / er.1- 7 -             /         'o .v          s ent-i                         4/                           vicrorev,
                                                                                                                                                                                  all
                                   •   noriciv e        7 0 It Y 27/9/ VP/P. JJ  roo     Jiire -roTri 2.1

                                                r ME bly -77-iF A A c sp -.47: A - S / aflL           ev.F$                                                                                                                             4-/4 F

                                  ‘41, A      /   SA/t ) " SARGO 4fr- 2 'S co .090.0/4-1
                                                                                       .! P/i r writ
                                                      Tit,- SS r:w AS SiZA ir /A/7; /1..9 A,Ve SA./ li t                                                                                                                                ;74
                                  ;vs,- jlif'2 1W fr afrfz " , osr A eAfr, de/ /P t -Kiri-
                                                        •••L      nt/                   v        7-              v              v Ai                                                            -       r                                             41
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      4
0 0 00000000000
                                                          fr                                             .5: A e/ 14V iPr,°ciV[i                                ir       WAS          #07           A _/- • 6-A -r-11                             _
                                            Cl.      -                      g '4 d                   77)                                                        7//Cr           0 4:2--er /r "1 /V' C
                                             A_ce         /J.! .1. /1,2 /6A'7                                                            S        'T NP                     /1.44- der-
                                             /      '(SC/rd                   z z.)          I/ItF"            0       /14
                                                                                                                         -          en,        7/16         cA CC- S                                As            •
                                                                  zr,t' -r,             ft       Co            c e            e FL)          win]                    ,ftc-A-2     cd.p.               7-               /       _       _    _     _
                                                  is( n    ti;        e      . A             44.4 C It           "til                    A. GA/NS7-           ag-dtif                                                              c
                                  ...   •
                                                                                 z       4-14c                   01/          .77-141F . ""a trt          f_c- as        we                 7_21) y        2 e*        LA z
                                                               _a'I tidy'                                          ,.#72A/r-.4..45,                to 4              Alemet e eS tr            7/Io cs,^ Azn .er                           44a#
                                                                  kA ratrie                                    / 1/11fl        L)        /7/..yrr             eiln 7 _re                            G-,v              /C./ . / Cr
                                                                  1iifi                  7'          44A,4LC rh/.0. SWP Se-fir-                                 A 42/e.e)             e A-f.", A ..4-7-125'.4,                         ere'if
                                                                                     diti_LL         A          .k                                (io EA' MA PS                                                        ref -Wen

                                                                 ..ztat.fl.cM                            gsa /r/Ev 6                re c'S r".a.t ) I,                  /9 9J-       flifeW            r   A/C
                                                                                                                                                                                                         fr
                                                                                     ? 1.7 1     /       ir            -G 7)15-7;r1/_C At'? /*S.                                           AttiZ.1-
                                                                                                                                                                                                  2-/F
                                                                                                                                                                                                    A:4j7 " pv
                                                                      6tV/4/6 rn.fr- 0.4341545„ar                                                     71-c-a" Ite*Se.-      /      /el 4-AlLi           427 hv
                                                                                                                                                                                                      7.-Ea
                                                                                                                                                                                                           ./-
                                                                      3cr-Aro.65 riar                    n,rtciI                     re, /Pis /               0At--/e" CF. 4= .4' EA• 7-04 ..1,r29em, G


 000000000000000000000000000000
                                                                                     ss •n S cA/                          fl it           LI, S. S TA rE                DEe'A -V'.01E 4./ r72-                             14---           S.
                                                                      A rtfd A                 SA Don IA" Nat Catty                                     WAS Akf#riL                                e/P

                                                                      A      I.A.Lafr•               E     a fi n ra w A /et                       Ala s -s AN 4 .A.- 0-7,4 ed• os,                    41.co,
                                                                      drroe/A4o 0                            ;. •.g.47          KW,                     e9Y      WA ..s•        77-/ hr      & At-1 te                                           eg
                                                                      /1/                                  7                    ta                /SA' ofr ,aiar                A A'-z)     NA"        o          4)
                                                                      ./Lci,LEL / A net fl c Lt. ort, S0                                           niSrip        v          0/./S          Wen/ a el 7--
                                                                                               ri          a AA                                      7/1/S       "ixiPi c5                 / A rft-c-S            A tr6e4neit_
                                                                                                                                                                 A/v.:L.14,
                                                                                                                                                                         a
                                                                      (Ic Cfr                 'Ci.         - Id"; ) 57E yo .17"0c
                                                                           "lbw 617                  ni/        414).447                  rig)      I A rW
                                                                                                                                                        7        n' TERI-A /4/Art) ,/-///ef iX

                                                                            V/ AS HI&                    TO                     /M           04    M.     v       s      CMA fi r: ,e;         /      or:cite/et                       -
                                                                           ry A CI •             t/              e Eca/ea-- • nis                         sem"?         av One                        C/A// 6 4.:•,•-

                                                                           wN2V                 r...vs. aA17/5d                              ,'7/L, rM,eV 1057                      /),A     7 -/      Z_ Cox/ rig                         L..
                                                                      • OP- bt./ TA`                                          wcser Ayr) ACLICY                            re) 77-i4:                         -         sti
                                                                           tote/                 ,v Qrtic1C                               Puff/A'S in                   fine/ oft /9 1,/                                           /
                                                                           /71            SE- AlIC eiS                        env s1-6-7/-5- t,vi7W 7NJ                             /colPher, 6/./                     4/t i c ./C67
                                                                            r'wct                    A,veL                rod                27,716". ,c4/7-44-rfr- ri             c//./erier cc                A
                                                                                                                                                                                                          et: a.)
                                                                            FOLLOK/2Fz2                          7 -dt -/A1 LEAIi,                    kfild ,        4,t0flS          4 10            rije r eiLci° 7-


                                                                                       T114'             N             s ri          ,F "ND ittg                 6'Az 71-- cc                 7Ar Alt "ArefIAnew
                                                                          tit        .0 V t r ie .1.-3
                                                                                                     ./y dr                     A- etfiL              o4/     nen"         - .13 Lc/ 4/6                          l eiVA re4

                                                                           ./ ED • ID                    r ift         /1/Li rA ,e),                 cops m A,vordeS                           S FA' b" own?
                                                                                 do            A LS            A.4/4ede rg                        kw/ LATFRA.145-                  icc6               are

                                                                  •       .,.e C's r           ; 4 w',/O               A/RC FO                    "fir/ a l l 7-R .A rieJ..
                                                                                                                          .1        ••
                                                                                                                          ,
                                                                                        ' • 1 M.' /                            Ce7.0C- ///4/4/%5•
                                                                                                                      --           •-•
                                  t              e it./        A .3 it                        eft-Y kr, AS                                                                                                        A 7/ it")
             14::;-- e..               .17.-rir.          /              /12        !      itr a 0         CZ 0 SO                  A4, 4_ ,,--nofs,vezr                                  77?               e.// 3 / 7 -1
                   1                       /(3                                  /             tre'r ee;             /-?/./41        /-/b/C,./1 7C            7/;/,/               °tin/                     77-Ctir
                                                                                        sot
                          i s 7.27                         Ad04S1/1                           (7Yi                                     72                                                 CO Air
                                                                                                           fC7o4/.                                  6/12               4.1 'cm.                              Yr." e4
                         112-. 4/ _.n2                         t ile; /Li                 cO           n              re            a I. .1° /A/ G                 _e" • /t. et            _zif    #4,-","                   ed. s

                                                 71/           iN %it" S                         ec-        A //ro             /     A-02Z er tri/ tr LI           jtir"                           ."              Ct. A/'(
                                      • ---CE0             T                   .1C0L .1 6" uz              e-L5 o.:17A Id - Of ,°7 r/P 4z- /S                                             .Ate-•

             --c                             Cto..A A' As                                M.risH                                      1-A            /,•.,              o         ft                    tf
               re ,               r`,.7 LZ ow                                  !VP /                       ' ere,    Alr/C 4/ Or                    /                      C               eicr
                                       P4411 / /AG                         i rd                            y673#                      ,9q               -          71)                grev,
                       • f.                                   eAc /2% fi r                                           C                //     r                             Ztr        / fflVi4 1
             ty /cc' A r .isystr                                                    re" /TV / Co' ,4,1 0f t1-- /CF                            OPP' C/AL                        szrma                        It/A S
                   V/ Se.ja_h Y                           2.esal req./b ./0                                 Ai             r         C A A / 3 I if/ 7 Aft 45 Are 7-",                     HO 'A tr V a le
                              A        /
                                                                r/Cifi                          "-IR rn i                                        tec)   Ar   c•P           „ye ittelt                               zrAI r
                                                 sr_v at 42                    a          -                      1 3 0.S/          7 -1-6:
                                                                                                                                         c cVlfs,            #     c           --;# Ir.            o              ezansie-4j
                                                  c',/""                 i/7:           ..1",     .P         /        4: "CF.                    _fre (7.1/2F /2/                      ,rt"e 14. .27                     4.'s
 L
                   I C Ai 4 1: Z r ir--' eS Z. 0                                          c/ /c            re          Z3 / 3/A/ 6           77/.Eild 4g1; 1-5 /re Are' el. tr/                                        ,fr           •
4
         .                ev- ,•.- i e..- z.7-                           icgit,f/D-S                   To             S yes TA A., 2- i 4 7-E                          A       via ,,,, r
1]
                                                                                                                                                                                                       ________


                              A ti ( di I C A iv                                    'el i c.S- Fs ri Af A ra ,                                      rh'S Y 4./i v e /2 o ./4),                                                       0

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     40
     I

, t                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0
                                 FAREWELL TO ROME AND ITALY
                                                      geM A IA/ s Ft, 1 7'A   y
                             7116 "ogvii_ /1A111c6

                Because of my school days when Latin was ay favorite
0          subject, I love to say that I found the city of the Caesars,
0
0          Eternal Rome, in shambles; and in restoring law and order, it

           started back to its former glory.              I often ask myself, did I

           really do this or would it have come back without me?                     So I will

           take some credit for maybe accelerating its comeback.                     Really,

           all I did was to keep events on the right track, allowing no
0   -{ I   interference.    But I do now know that many Italians appreciated

           what I did.
0   t771
0   i41
                After my last meeting with C.I.G's Angleton, I left Rome for
0          good and returned to Livorno.             The afternoon before my departure,

           my phone rang; and the desk attendant said there were two

0          gentlemen to see me, Senor Vigorelli, my partisan friend, who had

           worked with me along with his men, was in the lobby.                     I went down
0
           immediately.    He embraced me and introduced me to his friend,

           whom I had never met, one of the top industrialists and
0          wealthiest men in. Italy. (He said he was obligated to me for

           curbing the power of the CGIL, the communist Labor Union.)

0               I asked Vigorelli, "How did you find me?"                     His answer was,

           'We always know where our friends are."
0               They came to invite me; on my last night in Italy, to a
0
0          dinner at the home of the Admiral in command of the Naval
0          Academy; just outside of Livorno.


0
                                                                                 .15-
                                                                                        0

                                                                                        0
           That evening an official car called for me and my wife.          We
                                                             •                          0
      arrived, and an honor guard of midshipmen greeted us. There

      were about twenty guests.
                                                                                        0
                                    The Admiral and his wife were most

      gracious.    At the dinner, after the usual toasts and plaudits,

      asked Vigorelli, "Are they really talking about me?"      He answered             0
      seriously, "Yes."
                                                                                        0
           The Admiral made the final toast and thanked me for what I
                                                                                        0
      had done for his country and that I had to return some day.

      Finally, I was called upon to speak.     It was fortunate that after
                                                                                        0
      four years, I had learned to converse well in Italian.     I arose

      and signaled to one of the attendants to bring me the package I

      had brought.    I began:
                                                                                        0
           "My dear friends:     I leave with only the regrets that I may

      never see you again.    I especially want to single out Senor                         0
ri!   Vigorelli.     We went through many trying times, and I know how                      0
      many times he looked out for me.     And his presence at my side
                                                                                            0
      struck fear into the hearts of my enemies and those of Italy.         I

      am going home; my war is over, and we defeated our enemy and                          0
      dispersed Italy's enemies. .But, your war is not over.      You have

      a dangerous enemy lurking over your border., and many are in your

      midst."   (I picked up the package and continued.)    "I have       here

      my personal combat gear with which I fought our enemies.        I

      entrust this weapon, with which I defended my Country, to my

      Olose and loyal friend, Vigorelli."    I turned to him, "It is

      yours to use in defense of your Country.     I will always have a

      warm feeling in my heart knowing I.entrusted it to you as a

      symbol of our friendship."

           I handed him the package.     He opened it.   In it was my


                                                                                            'C
                                               ql


000000000000000000000000 0000000000000000000
                                                     combat webbed belt, hanging on it were my ammo clips, f        t aid


                                               fl    kit, canteen, Marine Stilleto, and holster containing my .45

                                                     caliber pistol.   He stared nt it; and this tough partisan

                                               111   fighter, overcome- with emotion began to cry.    He composed
                                               a
                                               lc    himself, came over and embraced me tightly, then said, "I'll

                                                     never disgrace this gift.    It will be my most precious possession

                                                     and forever remain in my family."

                                                          The other guests applauded, and each in turn embraced me and

                                                     kissed my wife's hand.   As we were leaving, it took me hours to

                                                     explain to my wife, who did not understand Italian, what had

                                                     transpired.

                                                          And so I departed Italy, leaving behind many friends and

                                                     taking with me fond memories.

                                                          Senor Vigorelli, was a fitting heir for my combat gun and

                                                     knife.   The man I gave my .45 pistol and the Stilleto was the

                                                     most feared Italian partisan of the war.     The Germans were never

                                                     able to capture him and he created havoc behind their lines.           He

                                                     also hated the communist and treated them as enemies.     He showed

                                                     up in my office one day and said, "I want to shake the hand of

                                                     the American officer who the    say has the eyes of the devil and

                                                     my enemies fear more than they do me."     He continued "How can we

                                                     help?"   I said Senor, "I won't ask you to work for me, but to

                                                     join me and work with me."   He responded, "That is why we are

                                                     here."   I gave him Mussolini's armored sedan, G-2 passes and

                                                     letters addressed to all American units.    Even General Dasher

                                                     heard from military units, of as they said, "Cutthroats" with

                                                     Rome area military passes.   I laughed and so did the General.

                                                     "When I said, "That's correct Sir, they are MY "Cutthroats."           I
                                                                                           •   Ai, -


     later found out that Vigorelli sent word to the communists,

     "Touch my friend Corso and it will be worse than the Ardentine
     cave massacre for you communists!"
             LAr        fiY fig Int.&     Ch4, A 4t/611 ItAntiChVG 'Got/OWN of if An-
       a eF1 CI .4 1., Th15 DOV11- KAIIP-0 a 1-S In THE
                            ‘N                                oP   oiOs Anizi nAH -PPX
               J,04014-0 /NG its  $44C•sc To Tins DAr., b•TALS IS   4   6404r   polo soflooS
       iT   is
                              FA/ nes    noTotAt. I z• et),
        ApowfitY   ANO irS
in
                                    COUNTERINTELLIGENCE CORPS

7)                                             AND
7)                                     ITALIAN AUXILIARIES
7)
7)
                  During the discussion of my accomplishments in Rome, I would

             be remiss if I did, not give the proper credit and recognition to

             my C.I.C. agents.     They were highly. - trained professionals and
CD
CD           were a match for their counterparts anywhere in the World.       These
CD           men were not the Marxist -trained ideologist of OSS and CIG, but
CD           Americans proudly wearing the uniform of the United States Army.
CD
CD                At their farewell party they gave me, I announced that

CD           General Charles Dasher had endorsed my recommendation, in each
CD     TI    case, that they be promoted ahead of their contemporaries.       In
CD
CD
CD
       1,1   addition, a short profile and list of accomplishments had been

             forwarded to the Pentagon, along with each endorsement.
 CD               Then came the difficult part of saying goodbye to the loyal
 CD
             Italians assigned to my staff.     They were at my farewell party.
 CD
 CD          First lined up were the 12 Custom guards.       I announced that, "You
 CD          will all return to your Service, and each will be promoted one
 CD          grade or rank.   A grateful United States Army has given each of
 CD
 CD          you the highest decoration it could award to foreigners, the
 CD          Medal of Freedom.     As for me, my admiration and thoughts will
 CD          always be with you.    Then I started down the' line.   Each snapped
 CD
 CD          at attention as I stood before him.     I addressed each one. "When
 CD          I took this, job, never did I dream that such men as you would
 CD          stand steadfast with me."
  CD
  CD
  CD
  CD
  CD
  CD
      Angleo       -   The will of the wisp. You could not be
                       found, but you were always there. I
                       always saw you hovering to protect my
                       back.

      Giovanni     -   The only man that while on surveillance
                       sold cigarettes and never made any
                       money. Goodbye, my friend.
      Pasquale     -   The brave sergeant who always was in the
                       front when there was danger. When we
                       arrested the saboteurs, you made an ugly
                       woman in female clothes; but I admire
                       you.

      Sebastiano       The entrepreneur who sold watermelon
                       slices and chestnuts while on guard
                       watching our enemies.

      Giuseppe         You could be a cat burglar. You always
                       surprised our enemies from on top of a
,t+
                       building or above them.

      Antonio      -   The World's best driver.   No automobile
6-                     could escape you.

      Paolo        -   In Rome's crowded street, no person
                       could lose you. You are the best.

      Vincenzo     -   My expert marksman; you never missed

      Luigi        -   The only man that could teach me how to
                       use a knife. My private messenger.

      Aldo             You could blow a door or hole in a wall
                       better than any explosive expert. You
                       are the best.

      Lt. Franco       And finally, my brave and valiant
                       Franco, I entrusted my family's safety
                       to you. How many long hours you watched
                       alertly over me at night or early
                       mornings. Above all, how many times you
                       stepped in front of me to take any
                       bullet intended for me. This I will
                       never forget. I embraced him and said,
                       'You have been promoted. I will be the
                       first to address you as Captain.'

      Visconti     -   My carabiniere strong man who kept order
                       in my prison. I said, 'When you were at
                       my side, I felt that Hercules walked
                       with me.' He was 6' 7" and had to stoop
                       over to embrace me.
00000000000000000000 000000000000000000000uu
                                                              Dos!                 Commendatore - my brilliant aide.    You
                                                                                   will go back to Interpol in a top
                                                                                   position, which you deserve.

                                                              Mario Bolaffio   -   Captain in the Italian Army, i Lawyer
                                                                                   and my liaison officer. I said, 'Thank
                                               ;•5
                                                                                   you Major, you smoothed over many rough
                                                                                   spots and taught me how to understand
                                                                                   much of which I knew little or nothing.
                                                                                   You have been with me three years, and I
                                                                                   think you.'

                                                              Pear the end of dinner, Commedatore Dos!, the Interpol

                                                         Executive, unrolled a scroll.   He had written a song about me,

                                                         which, much to my i-egret, I lost the scroll during the move.   In

                                                         later years, the nuns in Karlsruhe, Germany, wrote me i song

                                                         which the children of the orphanage sang to me at Christmas.

                                               ill       Both songs were carelessly lost in the moves.

                                                              After forty years, I still look back; and a feeling of pride

                                                         comes over me that such men had accepted me as their leader and

                                                         commander.
                                                     1
                                               4

                                               1...
                                                                                              C
                                                                                              0
                        pi-Ril APS rite 7-4,4ACSfioAn.,4711OM #4        ,4AP4 PO re- Avv.0

             I WAS 110 GO ft AY A Ag G elf A POlveril.. Ar Aro 7 Al Lfr .014 / ffiArvci
11              fib-re- Ai/GI                    of humility or
                                                                                    C)
                                                                                    C)
     nferiority in my dealings with high foreign officials, the
                                                                                    Q
!Vatican, Generals and high-ranking officers, which included Prime

—Ainisters, Popes, Ambassadors, etc.               I felt as an equal or more,                C)
                                                                                              C)
 Decause I wore the uniform of the Army of the United States, of
                                                                                              C)
 which I -am proud.              I represented a great country and we were the                C
     ictors.    As the rows of ribbons increased on my chest, and

 i citations became more numerous along with successful operations,

VI became prouder and more confident.               With my enemies and
Yalnopponents I was ruthless,            ,    _... _,  ............ _.--                       0
                                                                                               ()
                                         / OPieiv F454'7, 74er44, WAS Wet 0 TR FIe

                       A/A-7- Y4,6e op tea     disi,/ trs 5 Witi, A' 1e..4•vird, OWs' AfrifigoAcC)
fl             IfrAY,    rfiti

                   Akg / a ex' EA-OX
                                          _________ _______ ---7. • - -....___
                                                                               I remember the  0
                                                                                               0
        words of my future commander, Lieutenant General Arthur G.

        Trudeau,        "How you got the position is not important; it is what                 0
            nit                                                                                C)
        you Ge after you get there that matteree


                                                                                               C)
                                                                                               C)
                                                                                               C)
                                                                                                  C)
                                                                                               ()


                                                       •
000000000000000
                                                                    CHAPTER XVII


                                                                     CONCLUSION

                                                                  THE WINNING SCORE

                                                                        0-0-0


                                            0 - American soldiers killed; 0 - installations damaged; 0 -

                                       men and agents killed or wounded.    I was, and I still am, proud

                                       of this record while I was Chief of Security in Rome.       I like to

                                       repeat these statistics.    I often, reflect, how did I do it, and

                                  TI


   0000000000000000000000000000
                                       what were the contributing factors?      In my opinion, it was my

                                       relationship lath ordinary people, such as the common policeman,

                                       the rank - and - file carabiniere, and Customs guards, the lower

                                       - level government employees, and the working class.       During the

                                       day, I was the proper United States Army Staff Officer.       I had my

                                       green uniforms made from a sharkskin cloth; my summer uniforms

                                       were not khaki, but gabardine,.all tailor made and fitted.       These

                                       were my uniforms for official' appearances.      My civilian clothes,'

                                       at 1944 prices, were raw silk suits ($25.00 each) and tailor -

                                       made suits ($75.00) for the social functions and dinners.       For my

                                       night wanderings, I wore a "T" shirt, slacks, and often sandals,

                                       and a sport jacket when it was cool.       For official functions, I

                                       rode in the chauffeUred former German Ambassador's Mercedes -

                                       Bentz.   During the day, to and from work,.I used a Jeep.      For my

                                       night. excursions) I drove a "Topolino" (small mouse), a Fiat that

                                       .looked like a Volkswagen Bug.

                                            Quite 'often, after the card games, I would drive some of the
                                        •


                                                         . '
                                                                     4170
                                                                        C)
                                                                        C)
     players home. They loved my "Topolino" with its souped - up
                                                                        C)
     engine. I always asked to come up for a cafe." At three or four    C)
     in the morning, they would wake up the wife, and the kids would    CD
     follow. (Prefect Moro's children called me "Zio"
                                                                        CD
                                                           (Uncle.)        The
                                                                                 C)
     women would always beraten their husbands for bringing, as they             C)
     said, "a distinguished guest" at this ungodly hour; and they were           ()
                                                                                 C)
     ashamed that I should see them just out of bed.       However, they
                                                                                 C)
     were always proud that I would visit with them at any time.
                                                                                 C)
          These grass - roots contacts grew and spread.       Information        C)

     dame to me day and night.   Many a drunken G.I. was cared for
                                                                                 ()
     until they could get me or the police.       If anyone asked questions
                                                                                 ()
     concerning me or my whereabouts, I was instantly told,       I              C)
     estimate that about 50 percent of my information came from these            C)
                                                                                 C)
     supposedly low - level sources.

          But, all this leads up to the real reason for any success              C)
     that I had.   From the lowest levels of society to the top, I was            C)

     able to speak their language..    My ability to speak dialects was
                                                                                  C)
     always a pleasant surprise.   If I had to use an interpreter, my
                                                                                 ()
     effectiveness would have been reduced 50 to 60 percent.          No         (.

     language barrier was the real reason I succeeded.      This made it
                                                                                  (.
     possible to fit in and blend into all levels and opened up

     invaluable sources of information.       The end result was 0-0-0, no

     American soldiers or security agents killed or injured and no

1   .Unites States installations damaged.       This was one game where a &Zino c

    .score won, and the by - product was a free Italy.


                                        •-•
                                                                                                                                                       _S
                                                                      //, /nag Tiip. cat                        at        .1- A 1,/        a      GS ail Cotint zi.cd/ c A 7- /                                       ics

                                              .14a-Slr _121 e a g r A A! rig                                                              77:                  4f/ rg 4:4.!                                           7.4


0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
                                               fa/e.                   .co t-,ur4 ,                                                       a s-r. _pine/ft At 7.7 c/ti 14--4 s                          dAsSc.Li.

                                               Li ax                          _CS       A14                 re:      ,9      p                    4.770„         -4/4/,          C / 4 /7.4/                tic., At 3.-

                                                   te:/f7. .g          621/4= VA r ...stvapt<a) N.40(.4- //tea ,e.7A.#r Jr/s                                                               .7- 0        IR   a 7-..4/

                                               - /O6. .             /. A' A A' .2-; eft; c                                            .4./ 4 wy.870                s             /v     Cr4.0LC              CA S . d r


                                               A- 2- A W.'. YEA                   'rag A                V, ir-r. "N                               k-A4s        V .g4sn                ro           et A Av

                                               A        :Fir          r                                 5_4fr C__.ifM 1We_                             r ro -4 ,4!..0                   c A f -it- ro                 44 fr

                                               .Cd1c.4sjKc                              Seilk 40-4                                         e.v4                                  . aV              .

                                                                              ._            itio.                                 A!..q                   .,drio, 4 -r-5 -. 7 7 1 A r
                                                                                                                            .r/VICKEAC
                                              • LA .14{ Kg:4_47,R r .                                                                                     e4el#4 NA .41z-c-                            _,TeR ce.t 577
                                                                 JP ilAtian)
                                              _ /fee A         m-s weiem /                                  ey i//                    /1AO .4- A                 1-5 774 tri-r                         .:51,04, if:CA/

                                               /                                                                      0 /Va....14? 4)4 4,                 .e/..e,f4         kr; W,Car       fl 6AcNsJ2

                                               CAA/                                 v                   Je/                                                                             :FA?

                                              _0'57                  g 4/.              C               M       etgze.                                                     yr         !k•:" çc

                                                   A'               /-47.• /51.             , 1 A8 ifi, .!?                           r                                er, 4, a            <co (flct                    /47

                                               771ar       Arra                   4t!                           ive.t.--!_ei Ae                                           /?2;5._ /5.4'                SA /
                                                                                                                                                    V,t
                                                   Sa      0       )_ e v                    1.-../t1             _.‹..71?_‘(...__ALA 4P.A .k, 41. Ca.gE.4.04. .5.7,10. Alt TA 14 -5

                                               ent-t_Cittrc CA 50                            /          /SW                                       45           ea!                         frtif                       y

                                               Pk -                                 ./c/            Y 1- A // .a IdA 6 0                          .A       .     /.fg.0 . a                        4/s/Tie.,44.-An

                                                         EA .C.E. _Ca r                                                      _                                            _s:e   77 7-6                _ 74,

                                               SA                                   . to.. Irept:-s                                                 t-_,5:r eel?! 4                   _I 4v2,4_=F,v r
                                                                                       5mccm-ono
                                                                                    /._ 511=ggiTiV                    frf A Vs                       210' C / 5 / cir/                 sw az/

                                              ANA _ 4.,4fP1                         w14                               LA z-.70                             _ c.4:/nf:r.               r"-               S         _

                                                               s          )        Yav NAY Go                        ro          r/iS          / 0.41/2 5'8,e/              er -A:Airif /1/,-11.-Seaoces
                        jo A A
tF


     —          v   N     a ,?alt    —'9'(7
     _rrE        SFcow-eErR,V             TO ty•fir   yy y         0
     —      ,044---.471.„5 / FA,VrAS r   OA'   7


Li


                                                             tt.
000030000000000opuu
                                      EPILOGUE:    RETURN TO ROME - 1959 - FIFTEEN YEARS LATER


                                      In 1959, I was Commander of the list Missile Battalion at

                                 Karlsruhe, in West Germany.    I had just received my orders to

                                 become Inspector General of the 7th United States Army, also

                                 stationed in West Germany.    My friend, Ezio Rapanelli, had

                                 written to me that I was a legend to his Sons, and they and his

                                 Father wanted to meet me.    I wrote back that if he would come to

                                 visit me at my Battalion Headquarters before I lett my command, I

                                 would come to Italy.   If he came here, I would make him feel like

                                 a General, and parade a crack United States Army Combat Battalion

                                 in his honor.    He came with his wife and hiS sons.   I took him' on

                                 a tour of my installations and told him, "They are the best and

                                 the proudest."    He was in form and answered, "Don't brag to me. I

                                 expected nothing less of soldiers under your command."


      000000000000000000000000
                                      Shortly after, we went to Italy.    His home was in Foligno,

                                 Italy, about 60 miles north of Rome, in the providence     or
                                 Perugia.   I drove through Munich, south to Austria, and entered

                                 Italy at the Brenner Pass. .I carried no passport, only military

                                 orders and my Identification card.   These I had to show to the

                                 Italian border guards, and I told them my destination was

                                 Foligno, Italy.   The news must have traveled quickly, because I

                                 received a message at Foligno. that the Commanding General of the

                                 Garabiniere, Italy's elite police force, requested my presence

                                 and my wife's at a dinner in my honor, in Rome.

                                     Just before this first visit to Rome in 1959         returned

                                 again in 1974 -- another 15 years later),   I had some
       apprehension:   Did I really want, to go back?    What would I find?
       Who   would I see?    How would Rome appear?   Did I set a foundation
ii     in 1944-47?   Were Rome/Italy visibly or otherwise better off for

       what I had done?     Many of my friends and acquaintances, the Chief

       of Italian Intelligence, the Chief of Police of Italy, the Prime

       Minister Aloide De Gaspar', Pope Pius XII, Monsignor Montini

      (Pope Paul VI), Monsignor O'Flaherty, and others had passed on.

      Would they, in hindsight, look down and say, "It would have

       happened regardless; or, you did a fine job."
er,
a                 When I arrived at the dinner, the Commanding General of

      .the Carabiniere greeted me with the members of his staff and the

      former Commander and shaft of the Rome Garrison.       Also present

      were my former colleague and friend, General De Pasquale, former

      Commanding General of Italian Intelligence; and the first

      Intelligence Chief of NATO.      Many of my 'former friends on his

      staff were present.     There were no handshakes; each in turn

      embraced me, and each in turn bowed and kissed Euniceis,hand.            I

      felt good and most happy at tile greetings.     This was a greeting

      of old friends with a sign 'of great respect and mutual admiration

      that had, been nourished in a time of stress and danger.        These

      were not wealthy men, but tHey had traveled at their own expense

      and paid for the dinner from their pockets to honor a friend.

             During the speeches, some of my questions were answered.

      ;The Commander of the Carabiniere announced that, but for me,           he

      and many others present would not be here today.      General

      De Pasquale told how I had assisted and helped 'reorganize a

      shattered intelligence service.     But the most important item that

      eame,omt of the. speeches was that during the period, both France
              and Italy were in danger of going communist and becoming Soviet

              satellites; and how I understood and performed a dual function.

              On one hand, I rebuilt the Italian security forces, the Army,

              Police, Carabiniere, Intelligence Services, and other special
0
0             units.   On the other hand   I destroyed the communist
0       1     revolutionary apparatus.     Taking all of their arms and
a       0-
c)            neutralizing their agents, I stopped Soviet KGB operations; and

o             Italy was safe to rebuild from a war - torn country.
C       Jr'        I realized now that my destruction of the Gestapo, SS and
C             stay - behind sabotage nets was a secondary operation.      Primary

C)            was the establishment of the forces of the law and order and the

C)            Oestruction of the threat to Italy's return into the family of

              free nations.   In short, I only held the line while the Italian
C)
              Government was reestablishing itself; and the shattered economy

C)            was coming to life.
C)                 During the time, I never gave this situation much thought.
0
              I did not plan for such an eventuality, but was only performing

              as an Army officer in charge of security.     My goal was the
C)            protection of Americans and their installations in Rome.     I never
C)
              fully realized that in performing this mission, within its
C)
              framework fell the establishment of the Italian security forces,

              which was necessary for the future and well - being of a great
(D            country --Italy.
C)      +71


C)                 My Italian colleagues and friends realized this and gave me

              credit for an accomplishment which more than likely was planned

              by some Power much greater than all of us.    Perhaps this is what

c)            Pope Pius XII was thanking me for, and the recognition he

c)            afforded me in repeated private audiences.    Now I know what the


    C
                                                                       Icifb
great Monsignor 0'Flaherty was thinking when he said, "I was a
                                                                          CD
chosen one;"     and why he embraced me like a child when i said,         CD
,,If I am a chosen one, why doesn't He let me beet you
                                                       playing            CD
golf?"
                                                                          CD
                                                                          C)
        During the course of the dinner, I turned to General              C)
De Pasquale and said, "General, you know that one of your prize           CD
pupils ended up on the United States White House Staff."       He
looked at me puzzled; and I put my hand on his shoulder and
                                                                          C)
added, "Don't you know who he was?    I am the one!   Before you and

General Agrifoglio, I never considered myself more than a pupil."          CD
                                                                           CD
This brought a round of applause, and he reached over. and took my
                                                                         • CD
hand.    Then .he said, "We always knew General Eisenhower would

recognize your talents, and you would be placed in a high

position."    I thought to myself, perhaps, perhaps not.   Was it
                                                                           CD
planned or an accident?    I do not know, but favor the latter.            C)
     Then, naturally, came my turn to speak.    I began, "Friends,         CD
such dear friends as you, made in trying times, last a lifetime;
                                                                           0
and so we are here.    I came to Rome as a boy, 28 years. old; I was

seared and fearful that I would not be able to restore order out

of chaos, and thought I had very little to work with, because our

combat forces had left Rome and were after the Germans fleeing

north.    I even challenged God, and in one of my weak moments, I

said, "Did you put me here as a joke?    How am I going to restore
                                                                         -c
law and order?"    Now, when I look back, these were the rantings

of an immature boy.    How could / go wrong when I had such

brilliant and brave men such as you at my side,    When I went on

raids for the .communist arms, two of my brave Italian Customs

guards always flanked me; and their Lieutenant was at my side.


                                                                               C
                 When the shooting began, he always stepped in front of me to

                 protect me.   I admonished him for this, but he would only smile.

                      "I should have known that there were men such as you and

                 them, in Italy.   At Cassino, I saw 800 of your student officers

                 killed in a German crossfire.     I stood up in the observation post
0                and yelled above the battle din, "Why, why, do they attaek in
0
                 such a manner?"   Their General, with tears in his eyes, said, 'To

        1t1,_    show your Army and the world that the Italian soldier is not

                 afraid to fight and die for his country.'"

                    "I was liaison officer with the Italian troops entrusted with

0                a sector of our line at Cassino.    They stopped furious German
0                attacks and held and threw them back in valiant counter attacks.

        et!      They were commended by British General Alexander for this action,

                 although at one time I thought they were going to kill me when

                 they taught me to drink grappa.    (They laughed at this.)"

                    "I still remember one day when I told General be Pasquale, My

                 job is to restore law and order and turn Rome back to you.        My

                 country's policy is to reestablish Italy into the family of free
0                nations.   My Army's policy and my personal policy are to restore
0
                 your service and, along with it, your pride and dignity.      I

0               intend to do this with or without your help.     I can never tell

                you how the Polipe, the Army, the Carabiniere, the Italian
0
                Intelligence, the Ministry of Interior, and even your great Prime

0               Apinister Abide De Gaspari responded.     With the support of my

                Commanding General, Major General Charles Dasher, and the British

                Brigadier Edwin Lowe, I was able to work without hindrance.        The

    0           result is apparent."

                     "As,I look back, you are free men in a free country.


    0
Friends, with the help of many who are no longer here, we won.

The Vatican is still here as a. symbol of Christianity to the

whole world.   Rome is still the "Eternal City," and Italy stands

tall in the family of free nations.     Gentlemen, we did it, and I
thank you for seeing fit to give me your Croce de Guerra for

military valor."   The dinner came to an end at this point with a

rousing ovation.

     During all this, my wife Eunice, the only woman in the

audience, as she had done many times before, patiently waited,

not understanding a word.   Years later, when I gave speeches

before the Rotary Club, Kiwanis, and the DeA.R., she always

remarked, "When you get on that podium, you are in your glory,

whether speaking in English or Italian."

     We went back to Foligno and enjoyed a pleasant vacation with

my long - time friend Ezio Rapanelli and his family.     We had a

pleasant trip home, to Innsbruck, Austria, Garmisch, Germany, and

then Munich and back home to Karlsruhe. Germany.

     However, I felt that I left an unsolved puzzle in Rome.      The

old coin I had picked up in the Roman ruins, looked at and then

threw it as far as I could back into the dust.    Also, the episode

when I was walking alone on one of' my nocturnal jaunts through

the deserted streets of Rome, and the manor shape stepped in

front of me.    When we entered Rome, among my duties was to

takeover all public buildings.   One building was Palazzo Venezia.

Oh the front was the balcony form which Mussolini harangued the

crowds.   I usedeto go up the back way to the large room from

which Mussolini's balcony extended,   /n one of the frescoes, I

recognized the form I saw that night.    I went back down the worn
                                                                                  vair


             marble steps, which showed the wear from the footsteps of Rome's

             great rulers throughout the ages, back to my office and reality

             across the street.

                  I dismissed both events as fantasy and would not bore the.

             render, except for the reaction of the Chief of Police of Italy,
0            Ferrari.   De was an astute and brilliant man and had been a
0            Supreme Court Judge.   I never told these tales to anyone but him.
0
             His reaction was never light,. but in a serious vein.
0                                                                    Although I

             Joked about the "Devil knife," he took it seriously. ' He always


0
        t] ,insisted I was,one of theirs, and I was sent here for a purpose.
0
0            I expected him to laugh at the coin episode and the mysterious
0
0
        )
        #5   night prowler.   Instead, he took it most seriously. I wondered,

             and still wonder, why?"

0

0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0


    0
                                                                             Jorb
                                                                               0
                                                                               CD
                         THE SECOND RETURN TO ROME,' 1974
LI                                                                             C)
                                                                               C)
             In 1974, fifteen years after the dinner and thirty years

     after I became the Chief Intelligence and Security of the Rome            C)
     Area Allied Command, my close friend Ezio Rapanelli wrote to me           C)
                                                                               C)
     and said his youngest son Anty was getting married.       He insisted
                                                                               C)
     I come to Italy and attend the wedding as a member of the family.
                                                                               0
     Naturally, I accepted the invitation; and it was a most                   CD
                                                                               C)
     delightful and happy event.     The reception was at the little
                                                                                C)
     Napoleon Fort near Rimini; and the wedding was held in a
                                                                                C)
     beautiful ancient Church.     There were no pews or seats; all                C)

     guests stood.    It was decorated in a sea of flowers and most'               C)
                                                                                   C)
     charming.    We returned to Foligno.   I mingled with his 1,500

     workers, and they were happy and contented.     Then after a series

     of dinners, Ezio and I took off for Sicily and Calabria on a

     business trip.    We drove, and I got a good feeling for the way of
                                                                                   C)
     life.    We stopped in many small towns.    Crime was not a serious           C)
     problem.    We often drove at night with no incidents.     Industry           C)

     was thriving in these two areas considered the poorest in Italy.

      Was this another legacy Of the foundation we had laid thirty                 C)
     years ago?    Marxism and socialism were only theories.    Italy had          C)

     become a free capitalistic Western Republic.     Upon our return to

     Foligno, I had another experience.     Ezio took me to a piazza

     paved with old, rounded stones.     When we got out of the car, I

     said, "Enzio, why did you bring me here?"     He said, "There is n

     good restaurant over here, and the family is coming."      I added,

     "Ezio, I don't like this place.     The elders of Foligno disgraced


                                                                                    C
themselves here by a shameful reception and humiliated themselves

in doing honor to a poisoning murderess. Did Lucrezia Borgia stay

at the inn where we are to dine?"      he asked, "How do you know?"

I responded, "I guess I rend it in some book."      I have a story to

tell, Ezio, which is Only for your ears. We are the some types --

a little crazy, some intelligence, some courage, and attached to

our families.     Trouble makers avoid us for some reason."

     "Ezio, I am getting drunk with this fine wine, and I guess

good wine at times creates illusions.      I have been in this

piazza.    I was a soldier.   I feel a great anger.    A powerful mun

had someone, in our family killed.     I had to get him.   I think I

did."     At this moment, the family came in; and our conversation

ended.

        The next morning I awoke with a hangover and reflected, was

it a dream?     The next day Ezio's man drove me to the airport near

Rome.    I went to the TWA center, changed my booking for the next

day, and checked my bag.      I took the bus to Rome and checked in

the hotel where I had lived.     I walked down Via Veneto, sat at      2


sidewalk cafe, and watched the people pass by.        I walked through

Villa Borghese to the old C.I.C. headquarters, then back to the

hotel.    I had dinner, then went to my room.

     I awoke at 1:00 a.m. and went out on a. nocturnal prowl.      I

headed for Via Sicilia.    It was quiet, deserted, and eerie -- one

of those nights when nothing moves and the hot, humid air seems

to press down on you.    I walked for about an hour.    Just before

3:00 a.m., I returned to the hotel.     I walked up to the desk

clerk and asked for my key.     The night clerk said, "Si, Senor

Colonello."
                                                                                ',P10

             I said, "How did you know I was a Colonel?   I never


ii   registered as so and never saw you before."     He answered, "A

     gentlemen was here about an hour ago, and he asked for you."           I

     didn't act surprised and said, "Did he leave a name, and what did

     he look like?"     He described a Professor of Archaeology at the

     University of Rome who had taught me the basis of life, which I

     wrote about in a previous chapter.    He described a man I knew

     thirty years ago, who must be 70 or 80 (since I was now 60); and

     in the clerk's eyes he appeared as in 1944.    The clerk said,

     "Senor, he left an envelope for you."

             194: Another fifteen years have passed, forty-five years

     since I became AC of S G-2 of the Rome Area Allied Command.        A

     few weeks ago, I telephoned my close friend Ezio RapanelIi.       He

     and his wife expect me to come to visit him at Foligno this

     summer.    I will go.   What is in store for me on this trip?     Will

     this be my last?    Only time will tell, and I don't fear any

     revelations, since they have already happened.

          The next morning, I was on my way home by TWA.     I had put

     the envelope, given to me by the hotel clerk, in my inner coat

     pocket.    I tdok it out and laid it on my lap, unopened, and began

     to reflect.    I thought back, my entire tour of duty in Rome had

     been, it seemed, a mystical, historical episode.     Whatever was in

     the envelope would only be a prologue of the past.     Was this

     envelope only another in the series of events that had happened

     in Italy, specifically in Rome, during the centuries.     Who

     brought the envelope?    Fifteen years ago, the Carabiniere General

     knew of my visit soon after I entered Italy through the Brenner

     Pass.    This time, I came into Italy and had to show my passport
                 to customs.    Was this envelope from my old Customs agents?       Was

                 it from my old friend, the Professor at the University of Rome?

                 Was the hotel clerk sleepy and gave a confused description?         Or

                 did I want to believe it was the mYsterious, brilliant Professor
0                of Archaeology and Criminology?      I remember one lesson which
0
                 shaped my future.      During one of the lessons, he showed me a
0   -z,
    P!
    !-
                 picture of Stalin and split it in half.      He put the opposite

    tria         sections together and said, "Notice the criminal countenance.
0
    1[1          These are the two faces of communism.      Don't ever trust them."       I

0                will never forget the brilliant dissertation on the basis of
0                life; the setting on a wall under a. starlight night on the Island

                 of Capri.    One of those clear nights when you can see millions of
0
                 stars, and the universe seems never ending.       I can still remember

0                when, naively, I asked, "Where did. you learn all of this?"        His

                 answer, "Does it matter?"     I answered, "No."

                      My mission in 198V will be to find out if he is still alive

0                or exists.    Perhaps I am biting off more than I can comprehend,

                 but I must try.    To me, he was always real.     He enjoyed
0
                 "gatherings" of young people and seemed to enjoy their simple
0
0                games, in which I participated, such as, the "Win, Lose or Draw
0                program on national TV.     I hope to answer this question by the

                 end of 1987, or perhaps I should leave" it like the famous story
                                                                       itoc Klôgt
                 with no end, what was behind the door, as told in 11 ,115gare "The

                 Lady or the 'Tiger."

0
0

                                                                                      ,


          al=1
                                                                           ri ztr/1/    rirS                 ?                                                                  Q
                                                                                                                                                                                Q
                          / HA G-/g4 -710N i ILL.1?-57.9N0/2 gC-"v F/ e /15-7,
                                                                                                                                                                              • Q
         _                                                                                /      1 v5r _de/ 4-7-
                                                                                                              — Q
                                  /N rg c 4 0 C Irte 11 //I/ 6_PA 6,--c)       .+42..  .)
                       C ov a.= 4 A-- e A- dd e r 4 / 0 .0 a/c /civil:- YEA li3S rdvA T / _ 4 ii<D 47 7-1-/As&uevre

       ._. . .. a Veit' ..f /fi T II                     zi AGO,                                                                                                                 0
                                                                                                                                                                       __y_..P1/4,Th
             . e, vile w A .'; Hot )              OR                                                                                                                             10
             it 2      2) A Y. 4 9_fi ft- .I . frci. A . ,F/ 1.1 4 •--ii./ r: et - xli Y

                           stit          •- /Iregi-r---._( z._4..eS /a/4                   Oa 7 ll'eAt- ng                                                                             49
11                         7 /? 4' 0 Ai 6 4/
                                                                                  _.49
                                             rli A: fiA airs Y./ &Ay,- wn/ r -..r./..-tr,V,
                                                                                             ne - WAG Are'D
                                                                                               A Grefoi.;61;# I
                                                                                                     nisi'      rivitir i                                                     _
                                                                             ir            ./"-                                                                                       - 44
In                         WAS . /MK_ e n             c(f-R , __./..,c 7.7.140•00,0 wit .5  p' . .?70 er.4.i_Lr fr-'
P                  , 3- ab-4.4,--s ,
                   .                •
                                                       SA .1},    • A. MO- ' li r             /24 4 r / c / /4...47-/a/c,              we"' -1 A A'e -.4 Grey         0
                   .                                                                                                                         Evee/ roodetV-           nt
                           E 'CI r,       Ti I flea     .     yee A S lia Cie 7-1/A r ' / "WI s r                                9 P-5-...5-.r/ .0.v ,/r ate ta -/V • 111-1F

                    zwidcre -e /4-ro 51,,e4CAL./S1-1, wA.; ran „gt.t t i l a/ro a ain- --
                           /
                                    .                       .
pal _____ . A     tc.
                    to   v  r   til V "ty frmaarse maw TA-4 -lif A-ie-s fi- a n /rA r/ 04-', 0 is A
                                                                       . 1
 [7.1 “ _., 1 11 gi , 4- 7"   d A CK A /Y0 nn_271 7-‘-79 0 e covsc---/f6E-            4, 0 r emb-/e .? / Do S

                           )1- m ow .L. zite / fr-7 -a)                  t -.4 aff                  Wkre 4:0

 [1
                                                                                          OS A      AEr                 /A, TO          ott.,t/ a   rw r trie t .AA/13
                                                                                                    won ER Plit
ir      _..,   .. 7 -2/ E. A/                 di & CK K4. 0 ,41.?v p _ apil                    fl yeow a/P 4_21 AS A Inc ). ,,v .no                                    77,4-„          ig

                           0 ifik - fe          0 ,C    v64      r .11    .0 es        2- /PI/ Cr   / OA,        AA40    rli 4-1r       / 1/04 5/eigitS      .
                   ,                                                                                                                                   ..
                       A//A)             729i--c,iv SACK ./4 6,qte win ra.o.A-vs                                        '4-amaze,               i cA.4.- .il reay.,-                  _fie
                                                                                  . We     -
                   .   jet' A r           / . .66- cif-mk-- .1° A R r              4a  W041,0                    /.4141 whit, CH           /    WAS -At,"         2c-iv at,   4,4;0*


       .... j.             A 6-4,,c,4>         /Romp, Ircin a -A. .v/ gro.e,,,cf Etc, .fri ye Ge.mv, IC/Vr F - -47IS
                                                  irAz./
               .       .       .           ./-       /                                     Al/0 ONL( A 044-"AA ,fl       ie
                                          .                    . .      •    •         '
                  Ken'   del -T )       co HaAr g/v/ Fonel-LSerer                          re,    .442Sr, a °eve;
                     .                                                                                     .
              t -CIA/ 0 0- /e. 4 D-. 0 ic Th'a t./ a sm, // a - .y_s eA- c ler A,440 fi',0/-pr/, byre* ring ;'/' 0-14411
                                                         04:2.1- _
                                                      OA._
                                                        _/         -/0.__:_._.
           . • -eir01‘, ?EEO.)              ?WET mar R4Er AfIrAn/              C 0.40S CI   S  /4;tovq, ,          wo.
                                                                                          ..                       •   .
      ._ .._..L. t V/ 0 it,/ c Lc a en' r r -o He evekt3 CE.E4141: 'Arai O e‘ r ' i ne / - 5-77. c '9 -2.4iii,

                                          .44ge , c ',re           A-,vsive•fit r.idwa:;k-- reit,- ,4"vsw kas                                           Oil"        on)-          :    Q
                       EC           PI    tliv0        ag     77./.C     I A -A40       1/K    why°, rat                     0 cee., ,P4- 29, /fi r/ra 7---•-•-
                                                                                                                    • • •:-, 77- -0
                           -zip occ.c, a? DR 1.4/8-4• 0 (Si;4;-5 -Avei..,.(//11Ii1;1filt• faiplevaDjlie / ,frAc6 alifrea vet%)
                                                               -                   :-• ;'.1 '• :•.'._.
                                                                               - lr:                   ;   H116212:12 , .
                       Ad          city 0 5 ci 4 L- 4 /WO rfiiii                                                            -7-1" itens:17 Ae.::i0 0
                                                                             COI/L4• dri- CORD. ANA le 0 rolist, r jig 1;64/L.S
                                                                                                                                                            .'"
                                                                                                    ..   .                   ,      .
                       /),! .4-,5:       RE to R0 .02-774/ 41 jiff A-11
                                         ía                                     . c0 rlerve 7-//4 g AA/0 /4-a.F
                                               . .   .
                       •,. ..1.' ,1::';‘, .tiE;IS /1/ it'C/1-7"::_pe TAIL... /...."67" ch f, 09_5" v,,A-4.. ffics-diTs A'• , / x/n..,4 i,t/..) _ 40
                                                                                                                                                                                  3

                              ril                                                rt'S                     S   ..A.r       vt,AS    Adze          yr& !WA w"" j -igenycierv-

                        /I He         7-1A    /.0'                S       dc ,i4 a /1 Tlig           6 xi fl 1eVO. tv/Tftt               7WLrtE rsz A

                                      EvEvis                          7/./Ar                         n/en wg                 1C4ct41        724C     &P         .r//, 'Ll          clievt

                          R     /-1                              ji.X.        A / et/       ACT       //r.g =         A- 'TISZA              co/2?          /      /44- ve-

                        ; A/ ir a .           A j.          LiA PA tvi         A f>f. /              scr/6-'iA1i61              /16r        C      A'Al./11/ 2(f /ITNar

                        • /Hs:-         og .4-cvn                                       /,4-iO11 h e/11444U A Ati                        .41/ 14' k 0 72-              / 04...4-Cn

                           a T .- eVAL                     /4/        /rAh sr'        wg/egi                              /Poe; 7-5       640 77S               /-;/"..rWo-v.a-Aest
                         ocCt-'A',           SO              eitvz Y      7ngn=              ocic,    /       Pin            AV-rweVc'St             01/tev           776,6-S

                                             .zI ratin                     / 4/ 4o ,-/ La.                                      WAS 0#               Ng" rse-78 as

                       pi I pi )11 G     ',c'rc             44, a the.z-cie nerF                    ArYe A-M,         •      CA 7.- I       A A- Wiet fres 4..e- rei-//zs-e
0
0
                                                                                                                                                                                         •


           !4,     •    C OA/ Tie                    •%'                          7;4           P:Acv4-7-4k-s               Aalo 4/4                                        'can

0           H            77,7 HA                                      c                             c A-as            /     e4.1 0 -21          .77-/e to a Ster'Ci

                         /04- e /min-            new r -A LIY                    /          w    -ear A-al                     7 -0       /1.4 /v.a Ler         SCit            ..4.1)

                                                                                                    emp        y set awe                                         / par

0

o
            [--F
           Ad
                            rea r            eACK                     yrmtr       i      fa                           Wirt'?          Y    fi st Pia es al-5        CO .47-         0 0C


 00                      Mee/ S          61/1_111/4111Aff.U_YrA                             hvi-o


00                                                                                                                                                                          -

00
00
      00
   00
    00
     0                                                                                  •


     00
       0
  00
     r-ao,


Ti


L
                                                           ''ute    voLicao usiereu to     look up my

                                  family tree.
                                                                                                                     30<
                                                 They do this through birth records, marriage


0000000000000000000
                                  certificates, Communion and Confirmation data, etc.           One of the

                                  facts they Uncovered was that an ancestor of mine had been a
                                   military officer in the army of King of Naples and Sicily.              He

                                   commanded troops and must have been equivalent to a Colonel.                 He

                                   was born in Central Italy near Perugia. He migrated to Naples and

                                   was given a grant of land in Sicily.          They even found my family

                                   coat of arms.  They went back about five hundred years.
                                                                                             vAirrrefi 5 7,-Afg:5,
                                                            (ON 7-71.6 TWA Pr-Amg knofp yalt
                                        I leaned back in my seatj and I- remembered the criticism of

                                   my wife Eunice; she could never understand how as soon as a plane

                                   took off, I would fall asleep and she couldn't.           When I traveled
                                                                           •


                                   alone, I always used to request the stewardess to awake me if I

                                   began to snore.    I dozed off.

                                        Suddenly, I was in Foligno, Italy.         I was relaxing in the

                                   city with about 50 soldiers.       We were looking for a group of

                                   marauders who were terrorizing the Province of Romanga.             In mid


       00000000Q000000000000000
                                   afternoon, a rider came with the news that they had sacked and

                                   pillaged the town of Camerino, to the east.          It was a stifling,

                                   hot day; and we were lightly armored, both men and horses.              We

                                   quickly mounted and rode eastward.          I was on the great black

                                   horse, "Corso."    I was in the lead.        We approached a sharp curve

                                   in the hilly country.      An armed knight came around the curve.

                                   Less than thirty meters separated us.         (Like the wild west

                                   gunfighter, I had the sun at my back.)           Dr-saw=hks—coat.470t7,avras;

                                   I urged the swift "Corso" at full speed and the great horse

                                   responded.    Wh were almost on him before he saw me.          I had

                                   recognized his coat of arms.      This was the cruel murderer I had

                                   sworn to kill.    He had laughed at my challenge.         I was not more

                                   than five meters from him when he recognized my coat of arms.                 A

                                   look of terror swept over his face.         The great black horse

                                   "Corso"   and I had practiced this maneuver so often that it was a
natural for him.     He swerved to the left.    Because of the heat,
my enemy had his helmet off.     His horse, under the heavy, hot

armor, could not respond in time.     He tried to draw his sword,
but my right arm swung low and up and out.       With a snap of the
wrist, my stilleto flew through the air and went through his

neck.   Blood gushed from his mouth; his horse reared, and he

crashed to the ground.

     This all happened in a few seconds.       His favorite murder

weapon was a garrote.     Now his hands were on his own throat

trying to free himself of my knife.     His band of marauders came

into view; and when they saw their.leader on the ground, they

turned to flee;     but their tired, hot horses, with their heavy

loads, could not respond in time.     My swift, refreshed soldiers

were on them in a flash; none survived. . The murdering band was

no more.   Their leader, whose name struck terror in the

population, lay dead in the dust.     My men formed a circle.    I

said, "There is the devil's spawn; strip him and send him to his

Maker as he arrived on this earth -- naked!

     And so ended the reign of terror of the cruelest man of his

time "Michelotto."     He was buried in the side of the road, and

the horses passed over his grave; and no trace of him was found

to be recorded in history.

     Next, I found myself on a cold, rain - swept plain in

northern Spain.    I saw a large man on a huge chestnut horse

bearing down on me..    He was carrying a double - pointed lance.

He was raging like a madman.    I could hear him above the wind.       I

rode to meet him.     I crouched lbw over "Corso's " neck and told

him, "Swiftly, Caro" (precious one.)     As we drew near, my great
                                                                ,
                                                       ••!;
             horse'Maneuvered quickly to the left. ThetWo - pointed lance
                                                                t-•
            swished in thin air. My great horse responded encl.,       me in
                    ;(                                         ---
                                                      •..
           ,close.to the  ragihgrider. He raised the,ilance; but. with a
                                    t
                                 "F
                                                                ,-
              uick,,putward motion and snap of the wrist, my stiletto caught
                               ..:;;;;•                 q
            him upwards in theIermpit, where there was %no armor.A.. t He let out
            .   • • ••       • !,?!-                                 '


            a Scream which was as from a demon. One of my knights caught him

            with a lance, and he fell into the mud.        The man arose, blood
0
0           gushing form his mouth, and retrieved his lance. The rest of my

0           troop cut him to pieces.     One of them reached down to retrieve my

                       i*.said, "No, leave it; its work is done."         They asked
0
          . Me, "Who is he?"     I answered,   "The kin of the devil!      His

            executioner lies in an unmarked grave in Italy sent there by the

            same stiletto." I took a coin from my pocket and threw itin .the
0
            mud near him and said, "I return to you that which belonged to
0   '[i
            your ambitious Father, who made you a power - hungry madman."             On

            the coin was the effigy of Pope Alexander VI.
0              ' I felt a hand shaking me.      I awoke and saw a pleasant face

           smiling at. me; it was the stewardess.        She said, "Sir, you
0          weren't snoring, but we are serving dinner."         I remembered the

           envelope.   It had fallen on the floor.  I retrieved it and opened
                                                             1,‘
0          it.   It contained only a drawing of my stiletto. Was this
           0124W0/       AS 0)     ;et ArApry Co!                 stVE0 17/Rougli
0          fri-ebure meant fl4answeli9kEh'W- nrghtmare I had just &raceme"
             jada     cL;t4o _flirt ri
                  After dinner, I went for a walk down the aisle. It was a

           long trip home, and the.stewardesses were relaxing.           I stopped to
0
          'talitto them, and they invited me to sit with them.           One asked,

           "HaVe.You been in Italy before?"         I answered, "Yes."   The next

          .questioh was, 'souring the, war, and what did you do?"        They were

          Tasedhlted with my brief tales of Rome and the Vatican.           I ended
a
                                                                                       4r -(m

                                                                                              C)
                                                                                              C)
        the conversation by saying, "I need some answers and w ill go back
                                                                                              C)
        in fifteen years."
                                                                                              C)
                In .1,1
                     4#91 the first answer I will seek will be, "Was the face                 C)

        on the coin, which in a nightmare appeared to be the same as I                        C)
                                                                                              C)
        saw on the coin forty - five yea rs before, and which I threw back
                                                                                              C)
                          cfs iaome
        into the dusty ruins,Areally that of Pope Alexander VI, F a ther of

        the terrible and evil Cesare Borgia?           A nd on a* much .more pleasant         C)
                                                                                              0
        scale, is my brilliant friend and tutor Professor Gislero Flesch
                                                                                              .0
        still alive? .A.Wil         e*TE,freadreil-ciert-tteadeitrihip.‘n448--aeomon          C)
        markettaysembly.4nAm=enesmit--4-4.413-411"
             Will this end my story, or will I return in the year 2000?
                                        NicooLAS                                              C)
        If not, perhaps my grandson Plialp. Corso WI. will end my quest.                      C)
        Mx PA-Amy CALL-9 gal"Me cing," Beek vs, ins ilAAiNcleiSAIS) !VALI< An tookS
                          re PI 40artneiv,                                                     0
         , ,min - Atkitgr
                                                                                               C)


                                                                                               C)
      As an interesting sidelightl my wife ands were invited to a
                                  aastiad iv rTip thmisreit t nip MitAf e
EM
                                    /*shipping     magnate:     \YHe
                                                                          •


fainner given by-.0 Marchese Serena                                                            0

 - Lroduced me to an older woman and a young girl, whom they
 I,


                                                 0/4644L4 C4dre.
         princess. I  noticed she had  striking   trktregpaYAeyes. The
Lulled
:oung princess, about 16, said she would like to see my knife. I
                                  / MEW trreeR        Staree4RD-
lij d the servant bring my belt and strewed:zher--4fre., knife.  She Tow' a -
-fitom me;
'-u-ehtitrit. It seemed to glow and get hot in her hand.              (I
                                                                                       tArAen/(:
                                        t#   LAto    72...4r- im sera AreA #44,05/
Iought,
 .        possibly my imagination.)            AlAtx          wiritt Sorb' qyarsnetrcyree iiiskeSC
    Lierr othecart /NS:nlyttrin; 4WD iiAmpoe
      Later, I asked Marchese Serena, "Who are they?" He                                        (:
                                                                                               (:
flesponded E "They claim they are descendants of the Borgias."
                                4
                                                                                               (:
be44-


                                                                                          ,        .
