{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T15:16:00Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 38, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1583971, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122464-admiral-tom-wilson-pentagon-joint-staff-intelligence-directorate-united-states-transcript.pdf", "source_sha256": "3c642cc87b2a24b941588eb6cc5c0ed3f238eca5eace553b7690bd04c3ab9093"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2218, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Part 2 - to 15-minute break
The next document is from one of my advisors to Admiral Tom Wilson and it's about setting up a
briefing for him. Ionly put this up here because some people have challenged me-did you really have
meetings with folks like this? Yes, absolutely! It was on my birthday in 1995, the first letter was written.
I ended up meeting with him in April 1997, but he helped us in a number of ways prior to that, as did
Admiral Kramer, who set up my meetings at Wright-Patterson AFB, the facility to which the crashed ET
remains went in the 1940s in Dayton, Ohio. This meeting was another one where / was able to provide
to him some very important information prior to the meeting, including a 1991 document which has not
been de-classified and I'll go to that one next.
It's the National Reconnaissance Office document. That document is basically a security alert not so
much for its content or on the next page, which is a warning that a group of UFO buffs were trying to
penetrate the perimeter of Area 51 so it's called, nobody calls it that really it's the Nellis Range, but this
was generated, and you can see the date July, 1991, take note of the distribution list please we're going
to get back to that in a moment.. The reason it's important is it's a security, 'Blue Fire', which is a code
name, 1991, Commander's Net, Royal Op's, Cosmic Op's. So, cosmic clearance, you've heard of this, it's
not a myth. It's real. Maj Op's, MAJI-it's MAJIC Op's. It goes through a whole bunch of them Nellis
Division, all these code numbers and you get down to some really interesting things. MOC is Military
Operating Center and MOA is Military Operating Area. SOG is the Special Operations Team, but you get
into Red Flag, Dark East, Dark South, Pahute Mesa, Sally Carter, Groom Lake, Dreamland, Black Jack
Team. Black Jack Control is at the Edwards Complex in California, Roulette Team, Aquatech, Sea Spray,
and others. It's not clear to me when who gave me this, why they blacked out a couple of things-
maybe it was things they were involved with, personally, and they didn't want to get fingered. This
secret document went to the admiral prior to our meeting, and he actually recognized one of these
17

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 429, "chars": 2491, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
entities and he made an inquiry, and it was being run by a contractor, we're going to get to these next,
and the contractor, one of these corporate contractors, when he called them up, he said, I'm Admiral
Tom Wilson. At that time he was Head of Intelligence for the Joint Chiefs of Staff, I want to be read into
this project! Guess what happened? They said, 'Sir, you don't have a need to know' This is the guy
who's supposed to give the intelligence briefings for the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the United States. He
was told, You don't have a need to know' and Admiral Wilson said, 'Goddamn it, if I don't have a need
to know, who does?' They said, 'Sir, we cannot discuss this with you further' and they hung up and
blocked his line. This all happened before the stand-up meeting | did where Edgar Mitchell, sixth man to
walk on the moon, myself, my military advisor and a few other people met with the Admiral in what's
called a 'stand-up' briefing. I was doing the presenting. It was supposed to be 45 minutes and it went
for 2 or 3 hours. Of course, he kept cancelling appointments downstream; this was at the Pentagon. So,
I said, 'Well, sir, don't feel bad.' He looked at me and said, 'Well, who else is in this situation where this
group is blocking access who are in the National Security apparatus? I said, 'Well, the President, the CIA
director and I started naming them. He was just, the fear in his eyes, the palpable fear and anger that
something this important, that is really legitimate and he knew it was, could escape the oversight of
folks who have the security of the United States in their hands. So, basically, they're trying to navigate
without IFR without radar through the dangers of the world, because the most important technologies
and the most important information and the most critical national security secrets are completely out of
their scope, off their radar. And yet, they're responsible for keeping America safe, they're responsible
for protecting us and they're responsible for responding to threats. At the end of the meeting, I asked
him, 'Admiral, do you think you can help us?' and he just sat back in his big chair and he said, 'Look,
what I've learned from this meeting is that there is an illegal operation that has hundreds of billions of
dollars-and over the years, trillions—that has technologies that can do circles around my B-2 stealth
bomber, which is the best thing I know about. How am I going to take them on?' And I said, 'Well, it
18

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 391, "chars": 2237, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
can't be through a military engagement. It has to be through infiltration. It has to be through
convincing them to come out.! He says, 'Well, I don't know how to do that. They won't give me access
and moreover, I can't take any action unless the President authorizes it' And at that time, the president
was Bill Clinton. I said, 'Well, no, he won't do that.' He says, 'Why?' I said, 'We've briefed the president.
His best friend came to my home and said that if he did this, he would end up like Jack Kennedy' and I'm
quoting. He says, 'Well, there you are, then! Point-set-match. I said, 'Well, you know, someone's
got to do it.' Invariably, these people say, Well, you can do it.' There's a movie my wife and I saw this
past week, called, 'Bridge of Spies', and you realize there's this attorney named 'Donavan' in it. It's a
true story based on the Gary Powers U-2 shoot-down, and he was sort of the expendable guy. I'm the
expendable guy. I'm the guy it doesn't matter if I get killed and basically, that's what Clinton's people
told me, 'it doesn't matter if you get killed. We don't want the president to get killed.!' I know that's
ugly, but it's the truth. So, that's why I'm doing it?
This document-the reason it's so critical is that it actually has the-this is the first document on the top
of the large briefing that President Obama got when he became president and John Podesta, which was
the guy that put together the Obama White House, was the man we provided this for. Podesta, as you
know, has publically come out in favor of disclosure and ending secrecy. So basically, it was from me to
Podesta to Obama. Of course, I didn't expect Obama to be able to do anything about it; because having
these project code numbers and being president doesn't give you access control. You know the
difference between knowledge of something and access control? You can know about something, but if
they're non-responsive to your orders, like they were to this admiral, it doesn't matter if you're a
general or the president or a CIA director, because they're basically going to say, 'buzz off we have more
power than you do and go away! That's how it operates that is how it operates. This is naked, raw
power. That's how it works.
19

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 380, "chars": 2303, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
So this next document I want to share, unfortunately, did not come out, it's the Congressman Cox, he
was SCC, head secretary for W. Bush, but back when he was a congressman from Orange County, a
good friend of mine who knew him, set up a briefing between me and the congressman at his offices in
Orange County. He was on several key committees, Armed Services Committee, and so on, and he
wanted to know about the UFO issue, and I said, 'OK l'Il come in and I'll brief you.' He said, 'This has
never been brought up at a briefing.' I said, 'No, you wouldn't because I've briefed members,
personally, of the Senate Intelligence Committee, the Foreign Relations Committee, the House
Government and Oversight Chairman and everyone you can think of personally, face-to-face, and in
every case they have been completely without access and when they make an inquiry they're told, 'No
such project exists. It doesn't exist. It's unacknowledged. Unacknowledged. It doesn't exist. He says, I
would like to know where the heck are these things going on and who are the corporate entities and
where are the bases? So that was the genesis of the famous Cox Memo, which became kind of infamous
because / wrote it to him and I basically did a brief summary of the people I briefed who don't know and
a course of action that he needs to take. Unfortunately, that document didn't come out. It got
scrambled by the electronic gremlins in the computer, unless he's fixed it, and he hasn't. Basically, I
describe who is not able to do this, but where the places are, and that was the genesis of this, which is
the facilities list. I want to go through this very quickly of where the key facilities are. Keep in mind,
these are all run by a hybridized entity. It's part government, unacknowledged special access projects,
compartmented, deep-black, transnational security state and three quarters corporate. The action is in
the corporate sector, but at each of these bases there are contractors who run the operations. Do you
understand how this works? In other words, the government doesn't do that much. The government
does WFO, work for others, so they issue contracts. You'll have this corporation or that corporation, but
the key facilities I want to go through. This is a list, updated for the president in 2009.
20

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2347, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A very chief base is Edwards AFB. There's a whole constellation there; Haystack Butte, China Lakes,
George AFB, they retired Norton AFB, Table Top Mountain Observatory, which is run ostensibly by NASA
and Blackjack Control. I had a source at Black Jack Control, associated with the Edwards-related
facilities, but the Black Jack Team you saw on that list was Nellis. So there's Black Jack Control and Black
Jack Team.
Then, there are aerospace facilities and these are all DUMBS-Deep Underground Military Bases, UGB's
for short. Northrup 'Anthill' (Tejon Ranch), McDonald Douglas Liano Plant, Lockheed-Martin Helendale
Plant, Phillips Labs (North Edwards facility). Since then, a newer facility called, 'The Cube', which is up
past Lancaster, Palmdale, up in the High Desert, outside the Edwards Range and classified airspace, is a
Lockheed-Martin Skunkworks facility where the state-of-the-art R&D is going on. Keep in mind that
Lockheed and Northrup have multiple generations since 1954 of what you would call a UFO, a manmade
UFO, as the head of Lockheed Skunkworks said to several people on my team, including Jan Harzan, the
new head of MUFON, who's an IBM executive, retired. I've been friends with him since the 1990s. He is
a man of great integrity and he was actually at the meeting, along with several other of my friends when
Ben Rich, head of Lockheed Skunkworks, it's where the U-2 spy plane in that movie came from. Ben
Rich said, 'We can take ET home. We already have the technologies to take ET home' and ended his
presentation with a slide show of a black disc going out into space. Sounds fantastic—no, it's not. He's
the head of the Lockheed Skunkworks. So, we're flying around on jets which are basically a vacuum
tube that's pressurized with a pre-positioned bomb called explosive jet fuel A that you're flying on,
thousands of gallons, when we've had these things since the 1950s. How ridiculous! We're sending our
astronauts up on rockets that blow up and kill them like the shuttle astronauts when we've had these
things since the 1950s. This is criminal! It's outrageous! But that's the way it is. This is how it's
developed and I wanted to let you know that his new facility, 'The Cube' is—I have an engineer that I've
met with who works in that facility and they work on not just the propulsion systems, but also the
21

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 358, "chars": 2265, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
electronic warfare systems and the bio nanotechnology, which I'll get to after our break, the things that
the UFO retail world, books, movies and conferences would call aliens. These are manmade. They have
integrated circuits in their brains and they walk around. They're little grey or reptilian or creepy-looking
things. These are man-made--100%-and 1 know the men working on that, but The Cube' is associated
with that. Another is Dulce and another is Pine Gap. The other, of course, we've all heard of Nellis
Complex. It's Area 51, more specifically, it's S-4 or S-9 and S-12. Those are compartmented areas. You
have to have a password and biometrics to get into them. Pahute Mesa and Area 19 and Groom Lake.
These are all things that have been provided to our government officials.
In New Mexico, you have Los Alamos National Laboratories. It has an underground connector that goes
to the Dulce Complex, which most people think doesn't really exist, because you go to Dulce and there's
nothing there. Remember this simple fact, nothing critical is above the surface of the ground. It's either
in space or it's underground. Everything, including the White House and the Pentagon. Everything
critical is underground. The Kirkland AFB has the Sandia National Laboratories and the Defense Nuclear
Agency. Phillips Labs, Manzano Mountain Weapons Storage Facility and underground complex that
connects Coyote Canyon Test Site (North end of Manzano), White Sands Complex, and again, the Dulce
Complex, so Kirkland AFB, and that's outside Albuquerque. I've been there.
In Arizona, a key facility is Fort Huachuca, an underground base, most of it that's critical. It's Army
Intelligence headquarters. There is a storage facility where a man, as of the 1970s, who was on my
team, worked in it, and at that time they had nine extraterrestrial spacecraft that had been downed
using these electromagnetic pulse scalar weapons and a whole lot of different ET species that were
frozen there. That's at Fort Huachuca, ironically, near Tombstone. The other ones I just want to
mention, Cheyenne Mountain Deep Space Network, which is under the mountain in Colorado Springs,
has a dedicated area for just the Deep Space Network tracking of interstellars that are in our solar
22

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2410, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
system. One of my military advisors, a man who's been in many of these unacknowledged special
access projects, was actually in that facility, and got to see this Console 50. He said they had tracked an
object at that time that was in our solar system, that was 26 miles in diameter, an artificial ET object,
moving as he put it, 'under its own steam.' He's a Navy guy. I said, 'I don't think it's working with steam,
but yeah, you're right.' Another critical facility is the Lawrence Livermore Labs, the Pine Gap
underground facility in Australia, I have a picture, actually, of the above-ground facility that a man
who'd worked there sent to me. The Redstone Arsenal Underground Complex in Alabama, that also has
an association with the Marshal Space Flight Center, and in Utah, one of the most critical, the most
critical one that's new is the Dugway Proving Grounds, outside Provo, Utah. This is classified air space
above and no access by ground. Above ground, you don't see much...everything is underground.
Richard Foch, this Naval Research Lab official, was out there with some Generation 5 or 6 or whatever
night scopes, doing an operation and he looked out and saw these objects coming out from
underground that then zipped over him. These massive discs and triangular-shaped anti-gravity objects
that were ours and some were just sitting out there, watching him. That's outside of Provo, in the
desert. That one is very key, and is mostly manned by folks who are part of the Mormon corporate
empire, which if 1 were to rank who has what kind of say-so over policy on this, that would rank,
certainly ahead of the president or Congress. I won't comment further than that... this is not to make an
aspersion to rank-and-file Mormons. This is just how that operation works. The agencies in the U.S.
government are associated with this...AFOSI (AIR Force Office of Special Investigation), compartmented
operations at the CIA, the Defense Advanced Research Project (DARPA), the Defense Intelligence Agency
(DIA), now notwithstanding, I briefed the general who is head of it. He wasn't given any information,
but we had Disclosure Project witnesses who were DIA-assigned contractors who were very involved in
ET and UFO technology issues. Certain compartmented operations at the FBI, being tightly held, and
every military intelligence division (Army, Air Force, Navy) have compartmented unacknowledged
23

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2399, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
operations that feed into this MAJIC committee. The NRO (National Reconnaissance Office) the NSA
(National Security Agency), again, a very compartmented operation, certainly nothing that Edward
Snowden had access to, to my knowledge, although, it's been asked, and the various space commands.
Private corporate entities include BDM Corporation; Bechtel Corporation does most of the underground
base construction. I know that the tunnel that's being built from Los Alamos over to Dulce-for years
people heard, and you can Google this, the Taos Hum. A lot of New-Agers thought it was Gaia singing or
something. There's a massive nuclear-powered tunneling device, going from Los Alamos over to Dulce.
It goes through bedrock and glassifies it into this massive tunnel that then anti-gravity, electromagnetic
vehicles transport people-people carriers underneath the ground. As it was going through that
bedrock, it caused this vibration. That was being operated by Bechtel, and I was at a meeting with
Stephen Bechtel once, and they are very key. Booz-Allen and Hamilton is who Snowden worked for, but
they are a key contractor. They do have a compartmented operation dealing with this. Boeing
Aerospace, EG&G a very key facility for creating electronics and also state-of-the-art nanotechnology
implants that are put into abduction victims; people that think they had contact with ET's, but are
actually being abducted by military and corporate folks. E-Systems, which is now a division of Raytheon;
Lockheed-Martin I've mentioned; McDonald Douglas is now part of Boeing; MITRE Corporation is very
key in terms of anti-gravity and high-tech and is here in the D.C. area and other places. Northrup
Grumman; I mentioned Phillips Labs before; Rockwell International; SAIC (Science Applications
International, Corporation), now, this is one of the crown jewel. Admiral Bobby Ray Inman had been a
member of this MAJIC committee for years, along with Dick Cheney and Papa Bush (George H. W. Bush),
but at SAIC he had been National Security Head, and he moved from there over to the Board of SAIC. In
a little side story interestingly, when I asked Senator Barry Goldwater, at his home some years ago-he
had run for president in 1964, but always had an interest in this and never been told anything. We
started comparing notes with who we knew, and he said, 'How can I help you?' and I said, 'If you could
24

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2484, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
reach out to some of these people on this MAJIC committee it'd be great.! We named some names that
he didn't know some of the ones 1 mentioned, and I said, Admiral Bobby Ray Inman and he says, 'Oh,
Bobby Ray, we've been friends for years.' I said, 'Well, get hold of him. Give him a jingle, would you?'
So he did, biggest mistake of his life. He got hold of me and said, 'I can't make any more phone calls like
that for you. He tore me apart. He tore me a new one.' But Admiral inman, definitely a MAJIC member,
as are other chief people on SAIC, but it's compartmentalized, so most people work on conventional
things, there. At TRW; Village Super-Computing; Wackenhut Security there's a lot of security for MAJIC.
And then, there are others, as weli. Some of these, most people never heard of. They're huge and have
enormous reach. I think what you have to understand is that they're certainly not limited to that list,
but it feeds into a system. Most people don't even understand how it works. I always tell people to go
back and look at the interview of Denise McKenzie, who worked for SAIC. She got a job there as a
clerical, administrative person in an office. It's kind of like the Mafia. You know how the Mafia will have
like a pizza parlor or some little shop. They'll come in and that's the storefront, but they're laundering
money and doing their drug deals and pimps through the back door. That's how this works. So, she was
in this office at SAIC, and it was running multi-million dollar contracts for the U.S. government. She said,
'What is this, there's nothing going on here? And she went to this file cabinet and there were all these
dummied-up reports that would go back to Capitol Hill to justify the money. When she started asking
about it, they said, 'Don't ask about this.' What she basically was told. 'This office receives the money;
we generate false reports back to the President and Congress. That money then passes out of this office
to a Black Project dealing with UFO's, electronics, and anti-gravity' stuff like this. When you get to some
of the accounting—l met recently with one of the Big 4 accounting firms, and they said, 'Yeah, this is
exactly how it works! They'll basically say, 'Here's what we're doing' —and if you try to penetrate
further to actually get to a granular level of where the money is going, they'll say, Well, you don't have
a need to know. That's a top-secret, special-compartmented intelligence. Basically, you have to take
25

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 133, "chars": 842, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
their word for it. So it all gets rubber-stamped by the Big 4 auditing firms, but it's very illegal. You'll
remember in the film 'Sirius', Donald Rumsfeld, the day before 911, I'm not sure he knew he was being
filmed, said, '2.3 trillion dollars unaccounted for. Recently, I heard—found out from a good source, its
8.5 trillion dollars, now. So, there's 8.5 trillion dollars that have basically been embezzled,
misappropriated, used without the knowledge of Congress or the President. That's a lot of money even
for America. So that is exactly how it operates, but if you take that one little example from SAIC and
multiply it through all these corporations and all these different government offices, that's how the
funding mechanism works. Does that make sense to folks? I hope that made sense to you guys.
15-minute Break until PT 2...
26

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 365, "chars": 2148, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DR. GREER AND THE DEEP NATIONAL SECURITY STATE -11-21-15
Okay, I would like to welcome all of you to this special presentation on The Deep National Security State
and UFOs. This is going to be a presentation four hours in length. We will take a break at about the
half-way point; maybe about an hour-and-forty-five minutes in, two hours. I'd like to just thank all of
you for coming. I know you are from all over the country here; people from Chicago, New York and I
want to express my appreciation for your support and effort in coming all that way to be here. I'd also
like to welcome all the folks online, there are several thousand people online, who will be seeing this by
Webinar and I'd like to extend a welcome to them. A big shout out to them for coming, thank you,
you're here in virtual reality.
I am Dr. Steven Greer, founder of The Disclosure Project and CSETI, (The Center for the Study of
Extraterrestrial Intelligence) and The Orion Project. These projects have all been amalgamated under
SiriusDisclosure.com, where you can go to see what the projects are doing at any given time. This
presentation is going to be part of a series. In this presentation you'll learn things that the President of
the United States doesn't know. I give you my assurance that it's true. (At this point, he thanks
volunteers and mentors and his wife of 36 years, Emily, for being that indispensable person who
supported him in giving up a lucrative medical practice to pursue the Disclosure Project for the past 25
years).
The first thing | want to go through is an architecture of what the Deep National Security State is. When
I started out in 1990, I didn't think this could possibly be true. In fact, when I met with a French
government official a few years ago, here, in Washington and then out on our farm in Virginia, I got a
phone call from a man from Air Force Intelligence, a liaison to the French president at that time, Nicolas
Sarkozy, who said, 'This is fantastic and terrible' and he didn't know if he quite believed it. I told him to
come to Washington and I'd let him meet some folks that are in the Deep National Security State who
1

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2421, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
will confirm everything | tell you. They came to Washington, we had a meeting and I began to explain to
them that there are two governments. There is the government of 'We, the People' that Thomas
Jefferson spoke of that we elected and, since WWII there has evolved a monster, which you're going to
hear about, which desperately needs to be put on a leash and eventually phased out and that is the
Deep National Security State of 'unacknowledged special access projects'. This is a term most people
are unfamiliar with. If you're from the D.C. area, you've probably heard of TSSCI (Top Secret Special
Compartmented Intelligence), a Top-Secret clearance, thousands of people have them those are not
unusual. What is unusual are the projects I'm about to talk to you about. These unacknowledged
special access projects are projects that have not been supervised by the President or the Congress in an
appropriate way since at least 1956. This is a key date to keep in mind. I was only one year old, then, so
couldn't do anything about that; most people here were not of an age where we could have done
anything about that disaster. We're going to talk about how that evolved...and how an unacknowledged
special access project really operates. The first thing you need to understand is that it developed as a
consequence of the extraordinary secrecy around the UFO issue. If you doubt it, it goes all the way back
to 1945. I'm going to go through some documents, the one that is up here is one that we acquired and
released. It's now the number one viewed document on the FBI site, but before I get to that, I want to
talk about what happened in the 1940s and WWII. Most of you know we had President Franklin D.
Roosevelt, and there were events going on in Europe and also in the Pacific, but mainly in Europe. There
were these things called, 'Fu-Fighters', which were objects flying around our aircraft in WWII.
Sometimes they were fully materialized and hard. Most of the time, they were an energy field that
looked spherical. They could come through an aircraft, even down the center of the aircraft and out the
other end. This is the trans-dimensional nature of extraterrestrial technologies that I covered in a
previous workshop. This became a huge concern for the Allies. President Roosevelt, on behalf of the
Allies, dispatched General Jimmy Doolittle. I know this because his nephew is a very dear friend of mine,
2

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 395, "chars": 2430, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dr. John Altschuler, a hematologist/oncologist in Denver, very renowned. General Doolittle was asked
to go to the Theater of Operations in Europe to find out what these things were. The word, 'Fu-Fighters'
comes from the French and German 'faux' for fire because there were these fiery-they had a luminous
corona around them. They would disrupt electromagnetic signals; they would have effects on the
gravity around an aircraft and other things such as the guidance systems, compasses, etc. The
Americans and British thought it was a secret Nazi weapon. We found out through our spies that the
Germans thought it was a secret Allied weapon and of course, it was neither. General Doolittle
investigated this and came back to the White House and reported to President Roosevelt, saying, 'Sir,
these are interplanetary vehicles.' So began the modern era of serious concern from the national
security level about UFOs. You could argue that this went back to the mass sightings in the 1890s off the
coast of California, but there really wasn't that much official concern back then it was a sort of enigma.
In WWIl, because of the type of weapons being developed both by Hitler and by America the
"interstellar's," as I call them, became very concerned about what humans were doing on earth and the
risk of our destroying this planet which, in carefully analyzing the history of this, I believe they have an
interest in its survival and the survival of humanity. The president, at that point, did assemble a group of
folks that included Oppenheimer, people who worked on the Manhattan Project, Dr. Vannevar Bush (no
relation to President Bush) and others to look into this issue. By the time we detonated the first atomic
bomb, the facilities at White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico and Alamogordo were being overflown
regularly by UFOs. They were very concerned, obviously, that we were developing weapons that could
terminate life on the planet and they could see where this was headed. So this was not something that
just happened out of the blue. There's a history here you must understand. In the early days, and I'm
talking from the early to mid-1940s to 1956, there was a reasonable level of constitutional oversight by
key members of Congress, senior people in the Administrations and the President of the United States.
Everything changed in 1956. When we had the only nuclear and actually technically it's an atomic bomb
3

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2412, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
squadron and not a thermonuclear one, which was developed later. The difference between atomic and
thermonuclear is atomic bomb is fission, nuclear is fusion. The atomic bomb that we dropped on
Hiroshima and Nagasaki was developed in New Mexico and tested at White Sands. Eventually at
Roswell, N.M., that was the only bomber squadron that had atomic bombs in the world for a number of
years before the Soviet Union developed them. In 1947, there were two or three, I have intelligence
recently that indicates there were three so-called flying saucers/disks flying by doing surveillance of the
509* Bomber Squadron, which was the only atomic bomb squadron in the world and they switched on,
suddenly, an 'alleged' radar system. Read this document carefully…..
This first one is now the number-one viewed document on the FBI site, it's dated 1950, to J. Edgar
Hoover. An Air Force source stated that there were three flying saucers recovered in New Mexico.
They're described as 'circular in shape with raised centers, 50 feet in diameter. Each one was occupied
by three bodies of human shape, but only three feet tall, they're actually about 39 inches tall, in metallic
cloth, very fine texture etc. It says that the saucers were found in New Mexico due to the fact that the
government has a very high-powered radar set-up in that area and it's believed the radar interferes with
the controlling mechanism of the saucers. This is a little anthropocentric and childish because if you can
go interstellar you can handle a radar system. What actually happened is that those radar domes had a
scalar longitudinal electromagnetic weapon, which is another whole classification of electro-magnetic
warfare systems that we'll get into later. Suffice it to say, it was an early scalar 'Star Wars' hit, and when
they switched that on at least two of these discs collided. One went down northwest of Roswell and the
other continued and was more intact and impacted near Socorro, New Mexico. That's where they
actually retrieved the bodies. The one near Roswell was obliterated into little teeny pieces; tiny little
pieces. Where they did retrieve and we have Disclosure Project witnesses who have testified to this,
who have personally seen what looks like almost hieroglyphic writing on some of the little parts that
were retrieved. I've seen these, it's very interesting because it's reminiscent of the ancient Egyptian
4

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2218, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
hieroglyphics, but not quite the same, but you wonder where the pyramids came from. So that event
was an early hit. There are some reports of others, but that's the most documented one.
This document from the FBl is significant because, obviously, three years later you had one branch of
government trying to find out what the other top-secret branch of the government was doing. You can
tell by the tone of it. I made inquiries here and there and it's a bunch of skullduggery that happens
between agencies and competition. There's always been competition between FBI, CIA, Air Force
Intelligence and so on. This happens not only with the United States, it also happens between allies and
all alliances.
The next document is one of the most important documents and by the way, after 1 briefed the CIA
director, James Woolsey (sitting CIA director under President Clinton) about all this stuff, I got a cache of
several thousand of these documents, about five thousand of them. They are in my vault, I don't know
what to do with them. If we presented what was in them, it would take us from now until 2017, but let
me just say that this document was accidentally released by the Canadian government and look at the
date on it, November 21, 1950., How ironic! This is the 65th anniversary of the writing of this document
by Wilbur Smith, who had a top-secret clearance. He was tasked by the Canadian government to find
out what the Americans were doing. If you look at page 2, you'll see just a brief summary. There's a
whole lot of detail in the document. You can see it on our website. The reason I want to present it is the
importance of the document. It says, The matter is the most highly classified subject in the United
States government, rating higher than the H-bomb.' Think about that. The H-bomb wasn't detonated
until 1952. It was the ultimate 'Doomsday Weapon'. This project dealing with UFOs and interstellar
technologies was more highly classified than the H-bomb. B-Flying saucers exist. Their modus operandi
is unknown, but a concentrated effort is being made by a small group headed by Dr. Vannevar Bush,
who also worked with Edward Keller, Oppenheimer and others. Four—the entire matter is considered

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2414, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
by the United States authorities to be of tremendous significance. I have a whole dossier that a
Canadian put together of the Wilber Smith investigations on behalf of the Canadian government to find
out what in the hell the Americans were doing with these extraterrestrial vehicles. It's a fascinating
case. The reason this is so important is that it acknowledges several things. That they exist; that it's the
most secret issue in the US government, exceeding the secrecy of the H-bomb and that a group had
been put together to study how they (UFOs) operate. Well, they were studying materiale recovered
from one or more interstellar crashes that were the result of using these scalar longitudinal
electromagnetic systems, which Tesla had worked on and others had worked on in the early part of the
20* Century. Keep In mind that by the early 1900s, experiments had been done on, not only scalar and
electromagnetic longitudinal systems, which are, to put it in simple layman's terms, the light in this
room that we're looking at has a wave function and a particle function it goes 186,000 miles per second.
A scalar longitudinal system is, there's no wave, it's boom and it's a point and it's multiples of the speed
of light. So once you understand how these operate and I have folks at the Naval Research Labs, here in
Washington, who have communications systems developed, based on pulsed scalar systems that are
multiples of the speed of light. So, if you think you cannot communicate faster than the speed of light,
you are wrong and the physicists are wrong. It's because they don't know about the scalar end of this,
but that's all classified. They are not going to teach you that at MIT or CAL-TECH. These systems have
been developed and have been deployed since at least the mid-1940s, which is a frightening thought,
because it's an area of technology that is potentially devastating if it's in the wrong hands and
unfortunately, it fell into the wrong hands and there it remains.
The next document, a very important one, the release date it is a few months after I briefed the CIA
director, James Woolsey. So after I met with him I said, 'Look, I'm going to give you a list of stuff I want
to see if 1 can get. I got this massive box. It came out to my farm in Virginia. This document is one of
them and there are others, it's from 1953, although you can't see the date very well, here. It's written
6

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2400, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
by the director of the CIA to the Director of Psychological Strategy Board. Psychological Strategy Board,
what? Psychological warfare. It says, you can read it, 'I'm transmitting to the National Security Council
a proposal Tab A, which has concluded 'the problems connected to UFOs appear to have implications for
psychological warfare, as well as for intelligence and operations! Then there's another Tab B, which has
the background. I'd love to see that one. "I suggest that we discuss at an early board meeting the
possible offensive or defensive utilization of these phenomena for psychological warfare purposes.'
Remember this document four hours from now because basically, what they concluded was, they
needed to do a few things. They wanted to be able to set up a deception around this subject and put
out false information; use it as a cover story for classified aerospace research. So oftentimes, there will
be something that happens and it will look like a UFO, when it's actually a Northrup-Grummond, my
uncle's company was Northrup-Grummond, he worked on the lunar module, or Lockheed-Martin
Skunkworks, or some other aerospace entity and it will be 100% manmade and the public will say, 'Oh
my God, it's a UFO!' and they'll not correct them. There's no correction forthcoming. They want you to
believe it's a UFO. Why? Because it provides a cover for classified research with technologies that, if
they were allowed to come out would terminate the oil, gas, and coal industries. They're using zero-
point energy and gravity control which, then, brings me to the next issue...
By October, 1954, so now we're 61 years plus one month into an era and this was confirmed to me by
the third-highest-ranking official at the Naval Research Labs (and the highest ranking scientist) so
someone who wasn't a bureaucrat at the Naval Research Labs, which Thomas Edison founded, and the
Naval Research Lab is the largest defense lab in the United States. Richard Foch, I knew him for many
years before he passed away of prostate cancer not too long ago, was this gentleman. I never wanted to
discuss who he was until he passed away. He was a very senior guy in this system. One of the things he
shared was that he was in "The Vault' the same vault the next document came out of, which has a great
story behind it. He was going through some documents and found that it wasn't in the 1960s or 1970s,
7

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 410, "chars": 2450, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
but in the 1950s that we actually mastered gravity control. What does that mean? Gravity control is the
ability to put an electromagnetic field at certain voltages and with certain angular momentum so that
this object becomes massless, weightless, no mass. The mass component, which has to do with angular
momentum and things of this sort of the subatomic particles can make this object so light that it has no
mass, which means that if you look at your physics equations velocity is inversely proportional to mass.
So, if mass becomes zero, velocity can go to infinity in a given amount of energy, which means you can
move into another dimension. It doesn't go to infinity, you go trans-dimensional. We'll talk about this
some more later. This began to be experimented with in the 1920s. A guy named T. Townsend Brown
developed a system using crystalline structures and very high voltages going into an object, and that
object would begin to levitate. Marcel Vogel, one of the chief engineer scientists for IBM in North
Carolina on the Reynolds Estate, did the same thing in the 1960s and 1970s. One of the members of my
team and one of our Disclosure Project witnesses worked with Marcel Vogel doing this with crystalline
structures. It can be crystals, but it can also be nanocrystalline material such as metallic. Most metals
and rocks are crystal. Actually, water is crystalline, we're crystalline. You can put this system around
almost anything, and it will begin to become increasingly massless. Now, it doesn't have to be zero
mass, maybe it's 0.1 mass so it's still materialized and you see it, but it means, man, can you accelerate
this thing! Instead of going, like the space shuttle, at 25,000 mph, you can go at several million mph and
take a right turn. There's no deceleration effect because everyone on board is corrected for 1 G
(gravitational force). This is what began to develop in the 1920s, got taken into some Army/Air Force
projects in the 1930s and 1940s and was Adolph Hitler's secret weapon. The Germans weren't making
the progress on the atomic bomb that we were, but they had almost perfected gravity control by the
end of WWil. One of the things the OSS (Office of Special Services) did, which became the CIA after
WWIi, they had something called Operation Paperclip. A whole book was written on it not too long ago
about how they would put a paperclip on the file of the Nazis we didn't want to go to Nuremburg to be
8

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 405, "chars": 2404, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
executed, but whose knowledge was so great that we wanted them as part of our program. We wanted
what they knew. Werner Von Braun, who invented the V-2 rocket for Adolph Hitler and Hermann
Oberth, these were all the giants of rocketry and aerospace technology for Hitler; they became the
foundation, brought in by the CIA, of what became our space program in the 1940s and 1950s. This is
how we leapt ahead of the Soviet Union because we took all those people first ahead of the Soviet
Union. An interesting bit of history and you don't read this many places. A lot of what I'm telling you
isn't in conventional history books, not the UFO part, that's been sanitized out that's forbidden
knowledge. So, as a result, by the time we had those guys and the experimentation had been done by T.
Townsend Brown, whose work became part of a corporation called the Rand Corporation, which still
exists, a huge think tank, we really had something going. Add to this the study of materiale and
electronics retrieved from interstellar vehicles that were shot down. A lot of people say that the things
we have are all just reverse-engineered from interstellar ET? I say, 'No'. The laws of the Universe are
universal and the mind of man, just like the mind of an ET, can unravel the mysteries of the Universe and
so it has come to pass. We're not starting at zero when we retrieved the objects that were interstellar,
we're starting with decades of research and classified electronics, electromagnetic fields, antigravity,
scalar systems, etc. that had been going on since the time of Nicola Tesla. The true genius of the 20t
Century not Albert Einstein, by the way, who was a minor luminary compared to Tesla. Sorry Einstein
fans, but it's true. That's why, when Nicola Tesla died, the FBI swooped into his apartment and
confiscated all of his secret papers. How do I know this? I have a document from the Department of
Defense, demanding that the FBI turn them over and names them for what they are, the secret papers
of Nicola Tesla. This is not an urban myth. I have that document, which came in this cache of
documents I'm talking about. So when you have all of that knowledge it's then augmented, increased,
potentiated by the study of, as the Wilber Smith document says, the materiale that was interstellar
because you need specialized materials, control systems, integrated circuits, which we did not have in

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2414, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the 1940s, which came from this. You need fiberoptics, all kinds of stuff. This is where Colonel Corso,
who worked on these projects tangentially is correct. If you read, The Day After Roswell, he says
fiberoptics, integrated circuits, and a whole slew of things came from studying the materiales retrieved
from these crashed ET interstellar objects. You had the biggest, most top-secret, most well-funded
project in the history of the United States going on. Nobody knew about it. It's completely 'sub-rosa'
more secret than the hydrogen bomb. So, between 1945 and 1954 the brain power of the Nazi
aerospace folks like Werner Von Braun and Hermann Oberth, the work of T. Townsend Brown and
others, Edward Keller, some of the brightest, most genius people in the world, bent their attention
primarily not to the hydrogen bomb, but to gravity control and how are these interstellar visitors getting
here? That would then be the ultimate edge, wouldn't it, in the technological arms race? You talk
about a delivery system you don't need an intercontinental ballistic missile that goes a few thousand
mph if you can deliver something instantly from one continent to another or worse, from one planet to
another. You begin to see the implications of this for national security. Therefore, it was managed in an
extraordinary fashion and the secrecy around it was increasingly ruthless. So much so that by 1956, the
President of the United States, a man named Dwight Eisenhower, most of us drive on Eisenhower-era
highways, using 1880s Mercedes-type internal combustion engine cars that are run by fossil fuels; all of
which have been obsolete since the 1940s or sooner. Eisenhower, who was a 5-star general, became a
two-term president, was a Republican, very patriotic, but also very naively trusting. Jackie Gleason, the
very famous comedian and his wife were friends with some folks who have been on my team before
they passed away said that Eisenhower, on his deathbed, was a very bitter man over what happened to
him between 1954 and when he left office in early 1961 when Jack Kennedy became president. In 1956,
a man named Nelson Rockefeller, who later became vice-president and prior to that was an operative in
the Military Industrial Complex and the emerging Deep National Security State. Nelson headed up
what's called the Rockefeller Commission, which in 1956 reorganized the Pentagon, Dept. of Defense,
10

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2446, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CIA the whole alphabet soup of secret entities and they did so in such a way that it became labyrinthine,
Byzantine almost impossible to penetrate by anyone wanting to navigate through it. In the early days
there was still some presidential knowledge. We have one of our witnesses, Mr. Lovekin, an attorney,
who was a young man at the White House Signal Corp, here at the White House, down the street from
where we're speaking today. You'll find his testimony on our website, Siriusdisclosure.com and he says
he'd be at meetings and Eisenhower would be making doodles, pictures of UFOs and ET craft. In fact, I
have one in my condo here, in DC that someone lifted from the archives. I won't say where and how.
He said, basically, Eisenhower voiced to him great frustration over the fact that there were all these
projects going on and he had lost control of the oversight of them. What happened with the Rockefeller
Commission in 1956, is that they made it virtually impossible for any ordinary congressman or the
president, you know, they come in every 4 to 8 years, so by the time they leave, maybe they're a little
less wet behind the ears, but it's a system that guarantees their ignorance except to the extent that they
want to give you just enough information to control what's going on. We'll get into this in a moment.
So by the time Eisenhower left office, he made the very famous speech about 'Beware the Military
Industrial Complex' as you've seen in the film, 'Sirius'. By the way, 'Sirius' became number one on
Netflix a few months ago. Cool, thank you guys for supporting that! The president said it will become a
threat to our national security and our way of life, not the UFOs, the secrecy. No less a figure the same
year, Admiral Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter, the first director of the CIA, you can look this document up, it's a
letter, where he's writing and saying that the secrecy around the UFO subject is a threat to our national
security and to the United States, this is the first CIA director. Because he also found out later that he
was being 'Schmidt-canned' pushed aside by these neo-fascists who had taken over the intelligence
community, the aerospace community, and the large corporations. What happened over those years
from 1947 until 1956 was that there was a deliberate, albeit imperceptible initially, takeover by the
corporate state. Corporations working with unacknowledged special access projects, which are
11

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 411, "chars": 2437, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
completely off the radar, not funded officially, took over operations. As a result of that, those national
security programs increasingly became out of reach for the president and out of reach for members of
congress or even cabinet-level people, like CIA directors, secretaries of state and people of this sort.
This was a gradual thing that happened, but there was an abrupt change by 1956. By 1961, when
Eisenhower left office, frankly, we were done. It was done. I couldn't do anything about that at that
point, I couldn't run the Disclosure Project because I was only 5 or 6 years old, so it just suffered and
went along and the national security apparatus got bigger and bigger and bigger. When Jack Kennedy
took over in January of 1961, he had a great interest in this and he was, in fact, briefed on the subject,
but as we know from a Lieutenant Halt, who was on the early meetings I had that ironically Nelson's
brother, Lawrence Rockefeller, the 'white hat' in the Rockefeller clan, who actually wanted to end
secrecy on the subject. Lawrence Rockefeller was a very early supporter of CSETI and the Disclosure
Project. He funded and I organized the Asilomar/Monterey gathering of
KGB/CIA/astronauts/cosmonauts in 1995. What I found is that some of the people who came had been
involved with the Kennedy Administration. One of these gentlemen, this Lt. Col. was on Air Force One
flying to Berlin when Kennedy made a very famous speech 'I am a Berliner'; although I think he misspoke
it a little from what I hear from the Germans. But, on that flight, this Air Force officer, who was sort of
like the chief steward on Air Force One, had a chat (with the president) and this issue came up. He had
seen one of these UFOs as an Air Force pilot and there are thousands of sightings like this that we have
in our archives. He brought this up to President Kennedy, who said, yes, he knew about this. He'd been
briefed on it a little bit and now I'm quoting, I have this audiotape from him it is a chilling audiotape, but
the President says 'Unfortunately, the whole matter is out of my hands and I don't know why' and
began to cry. That was June of1963, and, of course, he was killed in November. But before that, some
other tragic things happened. There are a lot of tragedies here the main thing being the loss of almost a
century of evolution by the human race, which is why | left medicine. I always tell people, 'I used to try
12

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 408, "chars": 2389, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to save a life one at a time. Now, we have to do something to save the entire human race and planet
from what is a disastrous situation that's developed.' So, I just say that now, 'All of us have to work
together because our patient is Gaia, the Earth and her 7-billion children.
If you look at this next document, the next one, this is a very dangerous document to have. This is the
Marilyn Monroe document. It's basically a death warrant for poor Marilyn Monroe. The date on it is
August 3, 1962. They found her dead August 5th
': It's signed by James Jesus Angleton III; Project
Moondust up at the top and Project 46. These are correct code names and code numbers for UFO/ET-
related projects by the agency as of that date and, as you read through it, it gives some background. It's
a wiretap summary, if you look at the top of it, it's a very degraded document, but it's a wiretap
summary of telephone conversations between Marilyn Monroe and Robert Kennedy, the Attorney
General and a guy named Rothberg, who was an art dealer in New York. They were tapping Marilyn's
phone because she'd had a tryst, as it says here, with the president and everyone knows now she had an
affair with both Jack Kennedy and Robert Kennedy and in pillow talk, the president had told her some
things and it says, 'One such secret that she was going to divulge in a news conference, mentions the
visit by the president at a secret air base for the purpose of inspecting things from outer space.' I don't
think they're talking about meteorites. Kilgallen, a reporter who'd dug into this, replied that 'She knew
what might be the source of the visit. In the mid-1950s, Kilgallen learned of a secret effort by US and
UK governments to identify the origins of crashed space craft and dead bodies from a British
government official. That was Lord Mountbatten, who was later blown up by an IRA bomb or so it was
made to appear. Kilgallen believed the story may have come from a New Mexico crash in the late 1940s
a clear reference to the Roswell event. She said 'If the story was true, it would cause terrible
embarrassment to Jack and his plans to have NASA put men on the moon because we were using old
rockets from the 1940s when the secret organization already had antigravity under control. The subject
(Marilyn) continually called the Attorney General and complained about the way she was being ignored
13

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2425, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
by the president. The subject threatened to hold a press conference and would tell all underlined in the
original document.' That's not my underlining. 'The subject made references to bases in Cuba and
knew of the president's plan to kill Castro and No. 5. The subject made references to her diary secrets
and what the newspapers would do with such disclosures.' Two days later, she's found dead. This
document-how did | get it? It's top-secret and it has not been de-classified and it is authentic. A man
whose family helped found the NSA (National Security Agency) was so supportive of the work 1 was
doing, that he appeared one day with this document and it was a huge, one of those old Xerox from a
big government Xerox machine. The original I have in my vault is quite impressive. He said, 'You need to
know the kinds of things'-I think he was, not trying to scare me off, but he wanted me to know the
kinds of things that have been done to people who tell these kinds of secrets. So, he gave me this
document and as soon as I saw it I suspected it was legitimate. Later 1 had it inspected by a man who I
don't wish to name, but he was the officer who was, General Odom who was head of the NSA for years,
he was General Odom's right-hand man, literally carried his briefcase. He became a document
authenticator and a lecturer at the University of Maryland who, frankly, when he looked at it, he said,
'without my taking it from the vault myself, 1 can tell you with 95% certainty that it's authentic' cause
everything in it. So basically, what happened is that Marilyn Monroe was being jilted by the Kennedy's
because it was becoming too well known they were having an affair. The Kennedy's did not order her
assassination, Angleton did. Now, who is Angleton? Whole books have been written about this guy.
James Jesus Angleton Ill was the guy at the CIA who was the big mole hunter. The guy who would chase
down anywhere a leak was coming from and had everyone tapped. He realized that she was about to
light this up and hold a press conference to talk about the ET bodies from outer space and all these
secrets Jack Kennedy had told her just out of spite. She was just furious that they had pushed her out of
the inner circle and you know the whole thing about a woman scorned. Unfortunately for Marilyn, it
cost her, her life. I later, after I got this document, met with a man who, at that time, had worked in the
14

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 414, "chars": 2409, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
intelligence unit of the Los Angeles Police Department, who separately had a wiretap on her in her home
who confirmed to me this was 100% true. I don't know how many of you know a guy named Burl Ives
who was an actor, singer and everyone thinks he was Frosty the Snowman, but he was actually a very
accomplished actor and folk singer. He was very good friends with Marilyn Monroe, Elizabeth Taylor
people like that. He was on my executive committee for a number of years and by the time he was
involved, I had that document and 1 went to visit him. They had moved from Montecito in Santa Barbara
up to Anacortes, Washington. I was in his room, actually sitting on the edge of his bed, he was up in
years, big jolly guy, great bear of a guy and I shared this document with him. He was a 33'° degree
Mason, by the way, and he said, 'We all know, every one of us knew Marilyn had been killed, but we
never knew why. We had no idea why. This is why.' This was also a shock across the bow to the
Kennedy's. Now Jack Kennedy had great affection for Marilyn, even though it was indiscreet for him to
continue seeing her and he was furious that someone in the intelligence community —I don't even think
he, he certainly didn't know about this document. He was very upset, is what | understand, that Marilyn
was killed by these operatives and he vowed to try to bring out this information himself. I think that's
why he began to speak a little more openly to this Air Force officer whose audio recording I have and
that was, of course, a year later. This happened in August, 1962, the recording the Air Force officer
recorded with Jack Kennedy happened in June, 1963. In November he was assassinated. Kennedy was
planning, if he had become president (for a second term), he was going to dissolve the CIA, get us out of
Vietnam, disclose this information and make peace with the Soviet Union. That's what he was going to
do. Those folks in the intelligence community, the war mongers and profiteers and the Military
Industrial Complex said, 'like bloody hell he will' and that was the end of him. That's why, I mean
although I thought they were joking, initially—is this too much information for you folks? I hope it's not
too much. I'm going to cover an enormous amount of information today. You've got to know the
background. Over this time period from 1945, 1940s until the early 1960s there developed—a decision
15

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 420, "chars": 2447, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
was made. I know this sounds like a joke because everyone says it 'if I tell you, 1 have to kill you' but
there's some truth to that. The secrecy that developed around this issue became more and more and
more restricted even from people who were presidents or senate intelligence committee members or
members of the cabinet. Another man who was killed was John Foster Dulles shoved out of a window.
Dulles CIA director was starting to make noises about making changes in the direction of things and he
was also killed. Dulles Airport is named after him. The decision was made how do we do this without
having to continue to engage in the wet works? There's a guy I know at the CIA who kind of has my
back, a PhD guy who has a team of wet works guys. Wet works are assassinations. Wet comes from
blood. You don't want to pull the trigger on wet works if you don't have to. They decided here in the
1950s and 1960s to create so much secrecy and have it so compartmentalized and tightly held that they
didn't want to risk doing that anymore because it was really disruptive to the nation. That is really the
genesis of 'unacknowledged special access projects'. "A special access project' just means you have to
have the clearance to get to it, be 'read into it' as they say in military-speak. An 'unacknowledged
project'—I just want to go through how that works. Let's say that this gentleman is a 4-star general and
I'm a colonel, but I'm in an unacknowledged special access project dealing with this or some other
subject, it can be other things as well. If I am in an unacknowledged project, I am told, and one of my
most senior military advisors has been in multiple of these, he was in one project that was 2 to 3 billion
dollars. He knew it was more than 2 and almost 3 billion dollars. A project that was off the books, no
accounting, the president didn't know, congress didn't know, tightly held, military guy working with
some corporate folks. He told me 'here's how it works, they take you to a SCIF (secure communication
intelligence facility), take all the equipment off of you, any guns off, cell phones, watches, nothing,-
anything metallic. You go into this underground facility and there's a meeting, and it's he said, 'you
have a 'coming to Jesus talk'. What happens is that you are told that only the people in that room are
'read into' and cleared for this 'unacknowledged special access project' and if you speak of it outside
16

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 416, "chars": 2453, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that circle of people, there's one person there with a gun and a bullet. He takes the bullet out and says,
'It has your name on it if you speak to anyone and I mean anyone your wife, the president, your
commander about what we're doing That is exactly how it works. This is not a conspiracy theory. I've
been in these SCIF's. I've been in a couple of places and I can tell you that is exactly how it operates. So,
one of the things I want to make really clear about what I'm presenting today I'm not talking about
anything that I don't have firsthand, direct knowledge of everything I'm telling you, every bit of it. I
don't care about conspiracy theories they're mostly 99% wrong and I really don't care about internet
chatter. This is 25 years of the most incredible investigative research. I put over $10 million of my
earnings and life to get this far. I can tell you, if you're in an unacknowledged project and i was offered
this position back in 1992, you can ask my wife about it and I rejected it. I was actually offered $2
billion, personally, a fund with $2 billion in it if I would shut the hell up, join one of these
unacknowledged projects, do what they wanted me to do and I said, 'Screw you! I'm not doing it', but
that's what was offered and that's when a billion dollars was a lot of money. Now, they're making a
billionaire every week in Silicon Valley, but in 1992, Ș2 billion was a lot of money. What ended up
happening in this scenario is that, if my 4-star commanding general calls me in because he's heard
rumblings about something that people are working on that he didn't know about, under threat of
death TWEP (terminate with extreme prejudice), which is death, I am to turn to him, even though he's
my 4-star commander and I'm only a colonel, and I'm to say, 'Sir, no such project exists! That's how it
works. It's illegal, it's unconstitutional, it's criminal, it's dangerous because once you have a breakdown
in the rule of law, we're back in the jungle. We're back into Al Qaeda territory. We're back into the
Wild West where there's lawlessness and that's what happened and because of that, no president since
Eisenhower has had anything near the level of information on this that would be required for the chief
executive. Most CIA directors haven't. There are a few that have and a few that haven't, and I'll tell you
a little bit about why that's the case in a moment who's been in and who's out. Dick Helms was in.
17

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 417, "chars": 2415, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Woolsey was out. It's a long story, but l'1l try to cover it. You guys are gonna get more information, I
mean it's going be TMI too much information by the end of this. This is why I'm doing this, today. I
want to leave a record of everything I've learned that's critical for the public in case, you know, I'm 60,
now, who knows what will happen to me. So it's important to leave this. But, if you're the president,
don't assume that you have an all-access pass. The presidential daily briefing doesn't have anything
really that critical in it and almost never this subject. By the time you had Johnson come along and
then, Nixon and Nixon, by the way, was vice-president for Eisenhower. Nixon was actually pulled in as
head of the Space Committee the vice-president sits as chair of the Space Committee, into MAJESTIC
this group, MAJIC, is actually what it's called. It's the Majority Intelligence Committee. MAJIC is the
proper term. MAJIC tapped Nixon and he thought, as president, he would be the guy that would
disclose this because he thought it was time and he finally became president after Jack Kennedy, he
thought, swindled him out of the presidency in 1960 and, of course, Lyndon Johnson inherited the
presidency, in a sense, after the assassination and had one term, part of another the rest of Jack
Kennedy's term, but Nixon thought, 'well ok, I'm gonna do this' and so a little thing called 'Watergate'
happened. Everybody remember Watergate? For those of you too young to remember, it was the
break-in over here at this office and luxury apartments on the Potomac. It was a bag job. Bag men went
in and broke into the Democratic National Committee offices to get lists and information and Nixon
ended up covering it up. I mean, it's kind of standard operating procedure, you know, it wasn't really
that big of a deal in the sense that it happens today you just don't know it. But there was a guy named
Woodward who was ONI (Office of Naval Intelligence) Woodward and Bernstein. Suddenly, this young
reporter has this Deep Throat'. He had an ONI guy give him the information because Nixon was
planning to blow the lid off the secrecy. And the way they took him down was by impeachment rather
than by a bullet. That's actually why Nixon was impeached. He did do the Watergate and he was a
crook and I'd say most politicians have engaged in such things. I'm a bit cynical about it, but it's not that
18

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 437, "chars": 2444, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
unusual for dirty tricks and research to be done against someone else, and you have someone else go
and steal something or rifle through trash to get dirt on someone and that's what they were doing. In
this case it was a break-in and so technically it was illegal and then he covered it up and he got
impeached. But the real reason why that became such a big scandal and the shit hit the fan was that
this ONI guy, Woodward, had a source that he worked, who had the actionable intelligence on what
really happened and there goes the president. Of course, we had Ford, who was this part-term
president. He had a CIA director, Bill Colby, who was a member of MAJIC. Bill Colby I'm giving you a 50-
year history real quick and, by the way, Nixon had a guy named Dick Helms, who did not want me to talk
about this at all. He said as much to someone who is part of a group, and that woman is in this room,
today. Anyway, what ended up happening with Colby is that as he got older, he was very, very upset,
and William Colby, CIA Director, who was involved in extending the MAJIC operations, decided that it
was really terrible, what was happening to the country and a very patriotic man, he decided to defect as
a lone wolf but an unacknowledged lone wolf and this is why l'll never allow this again. So, let me tell
you what really happened to Bill Colby. William Colby, Bill Colby, reached out to me through his best
friend, a colonel still living, who 1 will not name, an elderly man, but a full bird colonel who had been in
MAJIC, this intelligence committee that oversees the UFO issue. Bill Colby wanted to bring forward the
technologies not the things that fly but energy technology based on these classified operations, and
some seed money about $50 million dollars I guess kind of grey area seed money to my group so we
could bring these technologies out and end the oil and global warming and the poverty and all that. The
person who approached me, a member of my board and this colonel, wouldn't say who the client was.
They were going to set up a secret meeting. I said, 'I think it's safer if 1 know who he is! They said,
'Why?' I said, 'Because I can put him into a security system.! He said, 'What do you mean?' I said, 'Not
knowing is dangerous for him. They said 'No, he won't do it that way! I said, 'OK! So I'm working full-
time as a trauma-emergency doctor and we're setting that up and the week before I'm to meet with this
19

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 445, "chars": 2489, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
former CIA director, they find him floating down the Potomac River made to look like an accident. He
was assassinated and it was tragic and I said, 'I will never do this again." I felt terribly guilty and his best
friend came to my best friend's funeral Shari Adamiak, who had been helping me for years and who was
one of three of us who mysteriously got metastatic cancer the same month. This colonel came to her
wake and he just looked at me and said, 'We can't look back. We have to keep putting one foot in front
of the other, even though we both have had horrible losses.' (A pause of silence) So we did, we kept
going. So when Bill Colby was killed, I thought, at that point, 'well, this game is over'. From 1994 until
now, I was about to give up on everything, but anyway very, very difficult emotionally and very difficult,
physically, to carry this for 25 years, but | figured, 'this is the pearl of great price'. You don't throw this
one back into the water. This is huge. So we decided we would continue marshalling our energies and
go forward, but we knew we couldn't do anything like that again. It had to be open. I had to know that
none of this was skullduggery —because the secrecy is their domain. When you go to the National
Reconnaissance Office, the super spy agency that runs all the satellites, above their entrance it says, 'We
Own the Night. I always say, 'We need to Own the Light'. We need to own the light of disclosure and
the truth and bring this out. I try to do things, to the extent I can, as fully as possible out in the open
while maintaining the confidences of those still living, who ask me to do so. That's why I'm giving you
this much information, today. The other thing to remember about how Colby's demise evolved was that
he was going to make a run at one of the big central reasons for the secrecy, which I'll get into in a
moment and that's the technology. This is a big science and technology story. Imagine bringing out a
technology that would sit on this podium that would run your house by pulling energy from what's been
called the 'zero-point energy field' that never has to be re-booted for fuel. It's pulling it out of the fabric
of space-time. It's estimated that every cubic centimeter of space in this room has enough energy to
run the United States for a year, if you can tap it; and it has been tapped. At the root of interstellar
transport, aside from the trans-dimensional and antigravity, is the energy source. And, the energy
20

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2459, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
source is this amazing electromagnetic flux field. In fact, early man-made UFOs were called 'flux liners'
cause it's pulling energy out of this infinite ocean, this 'infinite sea', as Tesla called it. Professor Dirac
called it the 'Dirac Sea', but it was this infinite field of energy that is at the root of space-time,
embedded within space-time. Bringing out something like that would, of course, immediately make oil,
gas, coal, Exxon-Mobil, cars, internal combustion engines, jet engines, rockets, diesel ocean-liner
engines, everything you can think of that we use, obsolete and retired very quickly. What I just named is
several trillion dollars in mineral assets and infrastructure because we also wouldn't need a public
utility. Every car and home would be self-sufficient unto itself. It is a whole new world. We could have
had that world before I was born. We don't have it yet, and as a result, we've decamped in the Middle
East with our hegemony and facing WWIlI. There are consequences to this kind of secrecy unintended
and intended. The unintended consequences are really blowing back on us hard right now physically,
geo-physically, environmentally, geo-politically, and militarily. It's a very dangerous thing to thwart the
development of normal technologies to be used for peaceful purposes. That's the big caveat, use them
for peaceful purposes. Eventually, one of the things that happened along the lines of this, was how do
we keep all of this secret? Wet works, kill people, compartmentalization and unacknowledged special
access projects, nobody outside the project knows. A big one is ridicule. I have a document from the
1950s that talks about engaging Disney Studios, which has done a lot of the OSS propaganda films in
WWII. Walt Disney was an asset of the CIA believe it or not, I mean everyone thinks of cartoons. They
engaged Disney Studios to make flying saucer and little green men films ha ha ha! It ridiculed the
subject so respectable people would say, 'Well, you're a kook if you're dealing with UFOs and the ET
issue'. That was done deliberately and this is part of what I referred to in that earlier document, 'the
psychological warfare value of the subject. How do you create the psychological nexus so that the
subject becomes 'subject non grata' like a 'persona non grata' it's a 'subject non grata'. It's unwelcome
it has ridicule associated with it. An Air Force major told me, he's one of our Disclosure Project
21

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 391, "chars": 2353, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
witnesses who was present when we shot and killed an ET on the tarmac at McGuire Field in New
Jersey. His testimony is quite riveting if you've read the material. He was saying really the way this has
been kept secret more than anything is just sheer ridicule. Nobody wants to be laughed at. Everyone's
concerned with what their friends might think because where's the tin-foil hat you're supposed to be
wearing? This ridicule got ramped up in 1953 in the psychological warfare programs. By the time we
came on the stage, we're 50-60 years into a hole of ridicule, denial, counter-measures and everything
else. How do you fix this? It's very difficult because most reporters and media people don't want to be
ridiculed nor do scientific people and professors and government folks. There are so many people in
congress l've met with, very interested, know this is real. I'll say, 'Will you hold a hearing on this?' They
go, 'Oh nol It'd be the end of my career. I'd be a laughingstock, Senator Moonbeam or Congressman
Tin-foil Hat or whatever. That ridicule, which was ramped up in the 1950s has been VERY EFFECTIVE
incredibly effective and that's one of the hard problems I faced, as well. Although, as a medical doctor
luckily, I was known as a very good emergency doctor before I got on 'Larry King Live' and started doing
stuff like this. If it had been the other way around, 1 probably never would have been hired. I was
careful in my timing because 1 did have a family of four children to support. Luckily they're all out of
college, now.
If you move on from Marilyn Monroe's tragedy, the next document-there will be time at the end,
today, for you to ask questions. I'm sure your minds must be swirling by now about a lot of things. The
next document is the Peterson Memo, Arlington Institute. This is the meeting that never happened with
me and the CIA director. Very interesting. Look at the date December 3, 1993. The meeting between
me and the sitting CIA director was December 13, 1993. The CIA Director, R. James Woolsey, who, when
information about my meeting came out after he had left office, denied it ever happened. Luckily, I
could, call him in a flat-footed lie. I always tell people, 'In Washington, how do you know these
politicians and lawyers are lying? Their lips are moving.' If their lips are moving, they're lying. I know,
22

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 405, "chars": 2480, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
it's a very cynical thing to say, but unfortunately, very true. This document, I'm not going to go all the
way through, but some of the information is very, very important. "I talked to Woolsey this morning,
and he suggested getting together'-underline-his underline. Project Starlight that is referred to here
was the coalition I put together before the Disclosure Project, which no one knew about where 1 was
trying to get President Clinton to lead the disclosure on this. It's a very interesting document, because
on the second page it says, 'remember, the most powerful people in the world will have a deep,
compelling interest in our activities, and will use everything (in italics) at their disposal to affect their
objectives' —very threatening-and then he suggests that | get an encrypted portable phone because
my kitchen doesn't have one. I mean the whole thing is such -Now here I am, 30-something years old.
I'm an emergency doctor and I'm being asked to come up and brief the sitting CIA director because, and
if you read this carefully, it states in there he's made inquiries and no one's telling him anything. (silent
pause) This is a sitting director of the CIA. This is the proof the meeting took place and there's other
proof. What the hell's going on that a sitting CIA director doesn't know anything about THE most top-
secret CIA project? Illegal—outrageous-unconstitutional-criminal. Remember, this is 22 years ago,
almost and when I found this out it was a shock to me because / was raised like most people. I thought,
'there's a president and there are all these spooks and there's a chain of command and it operates. I
didn't know about unacknowledged special access projects. I certainly could not have imagined that the
man who puts together the presidential daily briefing would be kept secret on stuff that I had collected
unbelievable amounts of evidence for the existence of-UFOs, extraterrestrial intelligence, etc., but that
was the case and when I met with this man for nearly three hours, it became quite clear to me that it
was not a prevarication. I really thought that he was saying that just as his way of blowing me off, or not
blowing me off, but just sort of saying, 'Eh, I want to meet with you to find out what you know, but /
actually do know, and I'm gonna pretend like I don't know." No, this man, and my wife can attest to this,
was shaken to his foundation. The cover story for this meeting was a dinner party in the D.C. area,
23

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 405, "chars": 2437, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
which is typical. The wives were invited as cover, terrible thing to say, but it's true. So, my wife was
there, I was there, the CIA director and his wife, whose chief operating officer of the National Academy
of Sciences was there and my host, John Peterson and his wife. Interestingly, she didn't know who was
coming to dinner until that afternoon. He wouldn't tell her. Then she finds out 2 hours before we
appear there's this UFO expert and the CIA director and his wife coming for dinner. Can you imagine
being that wife? I'm sure that night there was an interesting conversation after we all left, but that's
how these things are done. The real tragedy of it, though, is that if you have a break-down in
government this severe, those of you who are students of governments, where you can have a CIA
director or senior members of the military who are being left out of something very important and
which hundreds of billions of dollars per year are going into, then you have no government. So the Deep
National Security State, from the 1950s until today has devolved into this sub-rosa, unacknowledged,
not international, but transnational entity with representation in the UK, Canada, Australia, Brazil, China,
Russia, which, on this issue, work together like this (interlocks finger of both hands). It is not responsive
to the 'Body Politic'. It is not responsive to heads of government or even the heads of committees and
cabinet-level people. There are some cabinet-level people, however, who have known. I've mentioned
a few. There was a CIA director known as George H. W. Bush and the CIA Headquarters is now named
after him. He was a member and is a member of MAJIC. Then, there are others, like Woolsey, who
weren't being told anything. Some presidents have been given a little information, and some have been
told nothing. Why? Well, here's how it works. It took me a long time to figure out something very
simple. I call this a soul biopsy because doctors talk about biopsies. It's a psychological analysis. Let's
say this gentleman (points to an audience member) is the incoming director of the CIA. The outgoing
director of the CIA is me. As incoming director of the CIA, they've taken your life apart and they know
what your values are. If your values are that you would not go along with an illegal, criminal,
unconstitutional effort and engage in assassinations that were illegal and other things, they will never
24

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2345, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tell you about this and even if you're the incoming president. This is what happened to Jimmy Carter,
and I know this for a fact. Jimmy Carter got elected and the outgoing CIA director was guess who?
George H.W. Bush. George H.W. Bush, when he was called in for the transition meeting, between
November and January, when they have the transition and are choosing new cabinet members, was
asked personally, face-to-face by Jimmy Carter, and 1 met with someone who was there, about the UFO
issue and Bush said, 'I'm not going to tell YOU, in a very derisive way, about that. Go and see if you can
get it from the Congressional Research Service. He literally brushed him off. Carter was stunned
because Carter had a UFO sighting when he was governor of Georgia. I have his report form that he
filed officially, signed Jimmy Carter. He ran in 1976 on ending UFO secrecy, actually. He put together a
White House study on UFOs. We have Disclosure Project witnesses who attest thereto and they were
reaching out to Stanford Research International to SRi, to do a study for them because they couldn't get
anything from outgoing CIA director, Bush. That entity—SRi, had some people come in and threaten
them and say, basically, 'If you want to receive any more contracts from the Department of Defense or
the US government, you will refuse to do this study for the White House. We have that as an affidavit,
signed from someone involved. Now, this is very extraordinary, but we have legal documents that prove
it. Carter was boxed out of this and a few years ago, he was at a signing ceremony, signing guitars in
Spain to raise money for the Carter Center and a well-known classical guitarist, who's on our team was
there, and at dinner, someone asked Carter, 'What was it like to be the most powerful man in the
world?' and Jimmy Carter said, 'I don't think I was that man. Everyone just thought he was joking, and
he said, 'Well, there were certain things I wasn't allowed to know about! Someone, in a ridiculing way,
said, 'Ha ha ha, what like UFOs?' And President Carter said, 'Yes, that and more', referring to these
energy and technology things. So Carter wasn't joking and it is true that he did not get access the whole
time he was president because he would have ended the secrecy and they knew it. It's also why he was
a one-term president.
25

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 417, "chars": 2420, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Now we had, after Carter, Ronald Reagan or RayGun as I call him. A colonel who reached out to me was
one of the guys putting together the SDI, the Strategic Defense initiative-Star Wars-and he actually
met with Carter and Reagan. Carter was a hard-sell; Reagan was a soft-sell on the billions to go into Star
Wars. The way it worked was that Star Wars was always a cover story for targeting, in space, interstellar
vehicles in space, using these scalar weapons, not lasers, not—if it was at the speed of light, it's not fast
enough. Everything important is faster than the speed of light. So, what happened is that he, at that
point, got convinced-they sent just the right people in to convince Reagan that there was an existential
alien threat, basically, what Werner Von Braun warned on his deathbed about which we'll get to in a
moment. So Reagan bought into it, you can Google this and see; at the UN he said, Wouldn't our job of
uniting the world be easier if we could unite against a common alien threat?' I'm paraphrasing, but you
can look this up. Actually, Bill Clinton said something very similar, recently, on Jimmy Kimmel. The
reason that happens is because there is a prevailing need for people who are in certain positions to be
given what I call 'targeted and tailor-made disinformation. Information that is geared toward scaring
the hell out of them so they can go along with the agenda of militarism, as opposed to peaceful contact
with these civilizations. They're not hard to do if you have a certain orientation, if you have a certain
mind-set based on fear, xenophobia, us vs them that whole mindset. That's really the criteria. Whether
someone is pulled into the loop of this secrecy in government or not has to do with what their values
are, what their psychological profile is, whether they will go along with the agenda of secrecy. If they
will not go along with the agenda of secrecy, they're not going to tell you anything. I don't care if you
are the President of the United States, the CIA director or the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, but
there have been people who do know in those same positions. Why, because they were willing to go
along with this chicanery.
In the next document, it's just a partial list of the sort of VIPs and governmental officials I briefed. This
goes three pages long, it's 50, 60, 70 and this is just a few of them. Every single one of these people,
26

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 447, "chars": 2477, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
without exception and you can scroll down through them, I'm not going to go through them all. We
don't have time. This is a lot of work, having private meetings with this many people. Every single one
of these people from Senator Claiborne Pell to the CIA director to the Head of Intelligence for the Joint
Chiefs of Staff to the Head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, the biggest intelligence-gathering agency
in the Pentagon, every single one of these people wanted to know, but had been denied access to these
unacknowledged special access projects, every-single-one of-them. That is the proof we have. If we
ever had to go to court to prove that the operation is illegal these people, the ones still living, would be
subpoenaed because, believe me, and I have more. One of them that you see on page 2 here is Lord Hill
Norton, and if you go to this next document, this is a 5-star admiral; they used to call Sea Lord. Lord Hill
Norton asked me to come to his estate in England and brief him some time in the 1990s. He found out
through other sources that UFOs were real and that there was a big operation in the UK that was this
transnational, deep national security state, working with the British, but he was head of the Ministry of
Defense and as such was head of MI-5 and MI-6. He was also head of the Military Committee for NATO.
He had no knowledge of these projects the entire time he was in government. When I met with him at
his cottage, what was kind of cute about it, he said, 'I thoroughly enjoyed our talk when you came in
August (1995) and I am grateful to you for your time. I read all the materials you left me and I intend to
read it all again. I also shared it with Countess Morey, who shares our interest. I have an idea you may
have met her some time ago. I find your latest brief on the national security implications on the UFO
subjects very clear and very convincing' and it goes on, it's a beautiful letter, and things he was going to
do with the European Parliament and whatnot. He died not being able to accomplish as much as he
wanted to with the British government because I had to explain to him why he never knew anything
about this. It's a very hard thing to sit with someone like a CIA director or someone like this, who's one
of the most powerful people in the military and intelligence field in the world and tell them, 'You just
were not in the loop' He basically said to me, 'Well why didn't they tell me?' and he was a little hurt
27

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 233, "chars": 1406, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and kind of petulant and I said, 'Sir, I'm going to answer your question with a question- what would you
have done if you found out there was a transnational entity, unacknowledged, running
unconstitutionally in your country and mine, engaging in assassinations, keeping from the planet
technologies that would save the Earth from environmental destruction and eliminate poverty within a
generation and that they are using these technologies to try and provoke, as agent provocateurs, an
interstellar conflict and WWIll and that they were completely off the reservation without any controls
from the chief executive or legitimate governments of the world?' And he hopped up and down, he says,
"I wouldn't have stood for it for a bloody minute!' I said, 'Well that's why they didn't tell you.' He says,
'What do you mean?' He thought I was being impertinent. I said, 'Because they knew you wouldn't go
along with that agenda; therefore, you were out of the loop. That's how it works. It's that simple.' So,
you basically accumulate people who are enormously evil and who want to see terrible damage done to
the planet because, at their core, they love war and they love conflict. They do not want peace to break
out. As one of them said to me, 'Heaven forbid we should have peace on this planet. Too many people
would be out of business! 'Too many of us would be out of business." Very cynical but true.
28
