{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T08:43:02Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 412359, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122473-witness-10811-florida-abductions-may-2016.pdf", "source_sha256": "30f4e8ae81f227625331dd88b1e33bcfdcd629d9edcd6e580048a7b0984ce0c3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 515, "chars": 3127, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
On Mon, May 2, 2016 at 1:10 PM,
> wrote:
Hello Dr Greer,
I was somewhat steered to your recent YouTube video seeking Truth seekers with valid documentation regarding military secret
programs, by a Facebook friend. I have also been invited into the Disclosure Project by someone that you know Professionally,
in. I come from a very highly recognized political family from the State of Florida of past in history, but my
Davis name ends with me. I chose to avoid the political venue when offered full scholarship in law at UF, and elected to join the
Army instead. My draft number was 4 in the last year the Selective Service Act was active.
I've been somewhat 'underneath the radar' for the last 40 years due to my hasty discharge from the Army on June 16, 1976. I've
just completed writing my book about the "Incident at Fort Polk" story that I went public with online on November 30, 2011, on
the Kevin Smith Show. My stance on TOP SECRET military projects is far beyond most other whistleblowers of past. My story is
directly related to another book published and titled, "Incident at Fort Benning", authored by John T Vasquez and co-authored by
Bruce Stephen Holms, publisher of Timeless Voyager Press. In regards to the mentioned talk show host and author, they and
two other witnesses of that book are now deceased, and their untimely deaths came from unknown means that led to their
causes of death. But two died horribly after what has been said as a 5 day microwave frequency focused beam attack. I have
content in my book relating to this topic.
My book has 115 pages with 20,768 words and titled, "It's All About TIME". The Word document has a file size of 4.5MB and on
PDF file of 4.4MB with appendix added documents I used in reference to the purpose of my book. I have embedded in the
pages some of my Army Personnel Records, where I stipulated that the documents were altered and signed without my
presence as required by the UCMJ regulations. Now that my life was seriously disrupted for the MIC purposes, and the past 40
years of living in fear of death threats from TPTB, I am proudly stepping forward to publish this book to continue exposing the
secrets that are needed to be in FULL DISCLOSURE.
My ABSTRACT is:
This publication is a true story of the authors' involvement in a military incident that included
TOP SECRET military projects in regards to UFO's, Alien Abductions, Time Travel Programs,
Teleportation and Mind Control Agendas within the US Military Industrial Complex (MIC), in a
valiant effort for TOTAL DISCLOSURE by our countries leaders, withintents to stop
all deployment of Space-Based Weapons.
Please contact me ASAP
Sincerely,
xxXXXX
Potential witness.
Someone would have to look into the Ft. Benning event he is talking about or Steve may know off hand what it
is.
I wrote back that we would be in touch by end of May if we would want to interview him, so '
...maybe if
you can put on a calendar to at least write back to him as to where we are in the process.
Thks.
- Forwarded message --
From: XXXXX
× <
Date: Thu, May 5, 2016 at 10:42 AM
Subject: Re: Valid experiencer/whistleblower

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 693, "chars": 4033, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To:
Dear Mr
Thank you for being so frank and open.
In the next few weeks the documentary team will be evaluating the testimony we have looking at how to make
the most compelling and convincing story for the public. Somehow our schedule has never been what we think
it will be but we will do our best to get back to you by the end of May for possible follow up.
I hope you understand our staff and time constraints in working on this.
Best wishes and again our thanks for coming forward.
Sincerely
Anna
On Wed, May 4, 2016 at 7:39 PM,
Hello AX
> wrote:
I copy/pasted your questions below and will highlight my response for better evaluating my answers. Let the very candid with
you right of the start here, because of who I am and my family history in the state of Florida. My book has yet to be presented to
a Publisher and having an educated guess, my story will most likely never get an offer for promoted sales. I will fill in answers
beginning with Q#1, after answering the below questions in the email.
How may we obtain a copy of the information in your book ? or would you be willing to answer questions on our form for potential
witnesses?
I have the only copy thus far. I've contacted a publisher,
~ Timeless Voyager Press, who has yet to reply. If I do
not receive an answer by Friday, I have an open book policy to the first offer. Personally speaking about the value of this book, I would
post it online "Free of Charge" for any and all persons that would download or read it. I am not about the money. I work hard as it is and
by seeing firsthand what it is to be a soldier, and on the other, a civilian who has seen 61 years of struggle just to live in America.
But I do realize that it takes money to make the money and I have no money to get this story out for the populace to see or dispute. If it
costs funds to get the story out, then I am willing to work with anyone to help this cause. FULL DISCLOSURE must occur and very soon,
or this entire planets' human race will get exterminated by the global elites.
I am willing to have my manuscript read and shared but it's a 4.4MB file in Compatible Windows format or PDF. I use a MacBook Pro
and educated at Full Sail University in Creative Writing for Entertainment BFA Degree program.
1. Please state your name and describe your military/government background.
My full name is:
and my Birth Certificate says I was born in Madison, Florida on March 14, 1955, at 8:05
AM, but was actually born in a home near Hickstown Swamp, Madison County, Florida. My mother is X
and still living
at 89 years old, is a witness to much of my content and is willing to be interviewed.
My late-father, 2
,, was born in the same home, in the same location on May 20, 1926, whose father, >
XXXX was the only MD in 3 rural counties in Northern Florida. My dad's cousin, the late - XXXXX who was the President
of the Florida Senate in 1955. Turner's father, the late - XXX
> who was the President of the Florida Senate in 1915. Charles
Davis's brother,
was a Chief Justice in the Florida Supreme Court (1931-1937). (References link below)
As for my late-father, he was a military private school educated (Bolles Academy, Jacksonville, Fl) and invited into the US Navy Frogman
program during the WWII era and served in the Pacific War arena and was the unit, UDT-25 that disarmed the Tokyo Bay mines prior
for the arrival of General Douglas MacArthur to witness the official surrender of Japan at the end of WWII.
My enlistment to the US Army on 26NOV74, into a special unit option as a (MOS) 12B10, 12B20 Combat Engineer assigned to CO A,7th
C ENG BN, (5th INF DIV MEC) and stationed at Fort Polk, Louisiana, until discharge on 16JUN76.
As for my personnel records to show and prove/disprove an facts documented, I will attach a file with that information to inquire on.
There are disputable documents that show changes that were not witnessed, signed and dated by me, in which the official records and
discharge records have indescrepencies that need to be challenged (DISCLOSURE).
REF:

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 698, "chars": 4172, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Florida Senate
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Florida Supreme Court Justices
2. Please tell us the story of your involvement as a (military/government/intelligence etc) employee as it relates to UFOs/ETs and related
matters (i.e. energy, propulsion systems, R&D). (Be sure to get dates, locations, situation, specific role and the like.)
My book is the story for this answer. However, due to the military's current and past stance on this question, all I can state here is that it
is very related to a book titled "Incident at Fort Benning" authors by John t Vasquez, co-authored by Bruce S Holms, and owner of
Timeless Voyager Press.
3. Who else was with you at the time?
I was with 2 unknown fellow soldiers that were pickup truck driver/passenger and never saw them again. The fellow with me riding/laying
down, in the rear bed in the back of the pickup, who went by "JJ" (popular fad of the era), who I met through the other contactee, Sp4
Timothy Hardin, of Pittsburgh, Pa.
The only other witnesses to this "incident" were, >
C of West Virginia, and P2 XXXXXX of Bangor, Maine.
These "known" witnesses were searched by me through online programs to locate people and documents. I discovered that Timothy
Hardin is deceased and died in his early 50's (?) and
XXX will not go on record since he and I talked by phone and letter in
2011. Although Dave has my best witness option for proof, all I can say is my last chance is to locate XXXXX where I failed to find
him online.
4. What measures, if any, were taken to keep you or others silent, to keep the subject secret or to keep the project unacknowledged?
I was threatened of bodily harm (death threat) during my exit days prior to discharge, including my entire family if I ever went public. I
still believe my life and my family is at HIGH RISK... if this story gets National/International attention. After 40 years of waiting to write
and publish my book, which I was "told" to do by the alleged benevolent ET's during my abduction after being shown or taken to the year
5. What measures, if any, were taken to keep you or others silent, to keep the subject secret or to keep the project unacknowledged?
From what I see in my military personnel records, there is evidence to support a cover-up with a paper trail. This can be further looked in
to. I don't have the means or the know-how in following up with these records. (same problem John T Vasquez had prior to publishing
his book
6. What agencies, departments or corporations were involved during or after the event or project?
When I was interrogated for several "incidents" that occurred on Post in spring of 1976, I was introduced to the FBI, CID, NSA, Post
MP's, and two other men not introduced to me (possible MIB's). I felt a prick on the back of my neck and do not recall the next 4 hours.
7. Do you have corroborating witnesses or documents or other evidence related to the event or the project?
My records will be attached in a PDF file.
8. Please describe the documents or evidence.
Military Personnel Records show medical exam with signed Military doctors' forms and LTC Wayne B Davis' own hand writing, who
obviously altered my records without my presence to witness.
9. Do you know if any of those witnesses would be willing to come forward? On the record? Off the record?
Locating one witness will be hard. The pal from Maine, could possibly come forward, but from what he and I talked about that was going
on at Fort Polk, he was awfully scared of the military power.
10. What, if any, continuing measures have been taken to ensure your silence on the subject?
threats/ harassment? etc.
That is a good question. I sometimes feel that I am always being followed. Or controlled in some means. But to be very candid with you,
after 4 witnesses, one radio talk show host (Kevin Smith Show), author X
•and an ex-wifes untimely deaths within a one
year time frame, and the center of controversy as a witness to "Incident at Fort Benning" book (aka as Battle at Benning with Aliens),
CSM XXXXX's horrible death, has me very afraid that I can be 'taken out' at any time. I had a recorded high heart rate attack in

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 485, "chars": 2761, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
front of my wife, who watched me almost die from a 196bpm rate for one hour and 13 mins before the attack just stopped. My doctor told
me the next day (scheduled visit a week before that should my 195bpm heart rate on that length of time ever happen again, to call 911.
He also said my heart should have popped after a 10 minute time span, or worse, a brain collapse. My wife is a Clinical Dietitian and is
also a witness to the Red Wine test to show the nanobot technology inside of every humans bloodstream on the planet. (Yes there is a real
nasty program in progress being utilized by the Chemtrails being sprayed 24/7 world wide.
11. Anything else you would like to share on the subject?
My 89 year old living mother is willing to be interviewed and can share much of what I went through after my Army discharge. Including
being witness to my predictions that I was either "told or shown" about future events, or taken there as some whistleblowers have
disclosed on top secret military projects (Pegasus Project, MK-Ultra, and other DARPA projects). The South Florida MUFON video
recorded my first interview in March 1999, and told me that my daughters an implanted embryo from ET visitations.. in which I predicted
As for my story, validation is key for sure. However, it's been 40 years of waiting for this time in my life to publish my story. I've suffered
all 40 years knowing that the future I saw is in fact going to be the extermination of the human species. I am to stop it, or die trying to
stop a military out of control! I don't care if I die tonight trying to get answers to why me and why was I lied to upon discharge and given
UNDER OTHER THAN HONORABLE which denied me full disability benefits and/ a college fund.
There was nothing that I did to the Army to have to live 40 years knowing what the hell is really going on inside our military, in
my opinion. If I took part in stealing a beam weapon from our Army so that it won't ever be used against humans, then so be it.. I 'd do it
all over again if I could.... because that beam weapon is the one that took down the Twin Towers on 9/11 in from of the entire world on
TV... Shame on our leaders and our military to do what they did and try to blame "terrorists" on lies and deceit, just to become a NWO...
Having said this much and putting it in writing is now the most dangerous story to ever be known by the people of earth, because if "We
the People" do not stop this plan in process with a TOTAL DISCLOSURE.. then I afraid that the mission I took in 1976 was a
complete failure and there is nothing more I can do. This story must get published.. even if I do it for FREE!
Just imagine the other 60,000 words I deleted to get the main part of this story out to the public!
Sincerely,
