{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T03:42:53Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2355493, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122428-ce5-contact-report-witness-10794-colorado-private-feb-1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "e44795e11035b865c77434599fc5181c379262f968121db376e544893f19bc6c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 577, "chars": 3409, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1.
•
•
CE-5 Sighting and Contact Report
vinds all of my ap. I was driving No Fe or 125 out 95 mies North of Pubio, Colorado,
near exit 116.
I had just come from giving a presentation on effects and meanings of the interaction of Non-
Human Intelligence with us Humans to fifty people at the UFO Institute in Pueblo. I had given
them a slide show and discussion of the past three years of Crop Circles in Southern England,
which I had personally researched. As I was driving back home to Denver I was pondering
whether I was really right to be so openly discussing this powerful information when it could
conceivably be very upsetting to some people.
My questioning involved something along the lines of "Should I be talking about this if it induces
fear or negative reactions in some people?" I could well imagine that some people could have big
problems hearing this sort of information and be actually unable to accept and integrate it. What
then? I felt a sense of responsibility and did not want to frighten people and make it worse for
them. Yet I felt compelled to tell the truth too. What was I to do? As far as I knew negative
reactions had not resulted from any of my public presentations but for some reason I was thinking
of this as I was driving in this area that night.
The light appeared suddenly in front of me and off to the right about a thousand feet away or so
and at an elevation of about twenty degrees. It immediately felt out of the ordinary and as I
continued driving I thought quickly about the prosaic causes for this light and eliminated all of
them right away. I thought that I would take the next highway exit and use my binoculars and
spotlight signalling to it to better confirm what I felt was an extraordinary craft. The highway was
really too narrow and in poor condition for me to risk pulling off onto the barely exstant shoulder,
so I kept my eyes on the ship and the roadway ahead alternating quickly so I would not have any
sort of trouble. I slowed down to about fifty-five MPH to reduce any hazard caused by my split
attention.
The more I looked at it the more I could see it was a ship, in fact, with very bright white light
shining forth from a row of what looked like rectangular windows. This was unlike any ship I had
seen before. It was hovering and as best as I could tell with the noise of the car on the highway, it
was quiet too. I would determine this when I stopped, of course.
I was smiling broadly and felt tremendously uplifted by this contact. I asked the 'being' to come
closer and I projected a collection of telepathic images in an attempt at communication; images like
my intention of non-violence, non-hostility, no weapons, friendly exchange on a level playing
field, similarity of consciousness, brothers in the great Universe, and such ideas and intentions like
that.
It sort of poured out of me in a very rapid strong clear effort, and the ship glowed much
more brightly. I could sense a beingness on or in the ship but at the same time I could also sense
that the metallic, glowing ship was itself conscious too. The ship did not shift its shape but the
light was increasing in intensity and pouring thickly from the windows.It was a very soft and clear
light and becoming very bright like a hundred moons. I longed for the exit to appear quickley.
Then the ship cast a faint blue beam down from its underside to the ground, like a thin veil

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 608, "chars": 3467, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
airbrushed on a painting. Immediately I was filled with light and a presence of some God or Angel
or highly evolved E.T. 'I,' was moved temporarily over to the right shoulder area of my body,
the other 90% my body was filled with this great being. I felt very comfortable sharing my space
with this presence and was about to merge into 'it'when at this moment a large truck began to pass
me by. I reacted and focused on the safety needs of the moment and the being left me as I steered
in the chaotic wash of the passing truck. Then another truck passed me and I smiled as I realized I
had just been a channel for some great being for about two seconds, not quite long enough for full
enlightenment but long enough for a wonderful beginning communion. The paradox of the
constraints of time and space in the presence of the Divine' was overwhelmingly funny and I
laughed with joy. I had been touched.
The exit then appeared and I quickly drove off and stopped the car, put on the hand brake and got
out to find the ship. I could see a thousand stars and with some dismay I realized the ship was
nowhere to be seen. It was gone. I laughed again as I thought that I may just have had the shortest
close encounter in contact history. After I walked around for a few minutes looking and hoping for
another contact I got into the car and pulled back onto the highway. But the darndest thing
happened as I tried to accellerate, I could not get my car back up to speed. It seemed to run all right
and the gauges were normal but the car would not go over fourty! It was as if something had put a
governor on it. This was dangerous on a highway at night and I was quite alarmed so I put on my
emergency blinkers as a safty precaution. Trucks and cars were rapidly passing me by as I hugged
the right side of the road and pushed the accelerator to the floor. My car had never given me any
trouble like this before and I was rather bewildered as I had just had a preventive service done prior
to this trip.
I was apprehensive as well as being amused and considered the possibility that the close contact I
had just had had somehow messed with the energy system of my car. It may have been a parting
gift from the 'other' which, although amusing, seemed rather dangerous. I wondered about this as
I limped along toward the outskirts of Colorado Springs. I took the first exit into a gas station
where I looked the car over as best as I could. Finding nothing obviously out of place I tested it by
driving back onto the highway and it worked fine! And it continued to work well all the rest of the
way home. I was highly amused by this sequence of events.
Now a really amazing corollary to all this was that after my presentation in Pueblo a woman came
up to me and said, "I'm
and I saw this ship in the sky one night out of the window of
my house and it changed my whole life!" She handed me her drawing of the ship (reproduced
below) and disappeared! I didn't really look at it then as I was talking with so many people but
when I got home after my sighting and contact I was shocked to see that her drawing looked
remarkably similar to the ship I saw! Did she help precipitate my contact? Was this the same
ship? Is this Pueblo area frequented by a group of beings who manifest occasionaly in these ships
in our world?.
sighting was only a few miles away from the outskirts of Pueblo
where I was. All this gave me quite a lot of energy on my drive home.
similar to what I saw.
