{"created_utc": "2026-09-04T09:10:42Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 71391, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304145932081434, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122476-witness-10812-united-states-olympia-reverse-pygmalion-and-usaps.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540902910000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/122476-witness-10812-united-states-olympia-reverse-pygmalion-and-usaps.pdf", "source_sha256": "e8c0553c78ac5b5c0463cb8ace6b44280e29df084de635be460ce591d78fa797"}

Re: OLYMPIA, REVERSE PYGMALION and USAPs


Thanks.

 On Tue, Jul 11, 2023 at 5:42 AM


    On Jul 9, 2023, at 6:04 AM, witnesses SD <                               > wrote:


    ---------- Forwarded message ---------
    From: Janine

    Subject: Re: OLYMPIA, REVERSE PYGMALION and USAPs
    To: <w


    Dear

    Thanks for getting back to me so quickly.

    I understand the disclosure project is currently looking for specific groups as witnesses.

    Although shadow-banned, my Twitter feed is viewed by premiers, heads of state and governments
    across the world and I am happy to give Dr Greer coverage through it. However, I would like to
    have some dialogue with him as there will be instances where clarity is required. For example, the
    specific witness groups involved. I became a target because I discovered that the UK is
    transitioning to an electoral autocracy like that of Hungary and blew the whistle to the press and
    public.

    If you could please forward Dr Greer these emails, it would be most appreciated.
Kind regards


Sent from Proton Mail for iOS


On Sat, Jul 8, 2023 at 15:31, witnesses SD <                               > wrote:
 Thank ou ver much for sharin this account, Ms.


 With our very small staﬀ we are focused on accounts related to US military, government employees or
 government contractors. With this leverage we hope to move the US Government to get control of
 these rogue programs.

 We are not hiring any remote workers at this time.
 Sincerely
 Anna

 On Fri, Jul 7, 2023 at 2:18 AM Janine
   Dear Dr Greer,

   I am emailing in response to your call for more information on the operation and nature of
   Unacknowledged Special Access Projects.

   Please see below a brief account of events beginning Autumn 2020.

   I was campaigning in the UK for the release o                     when I became a political
   target. I set up a Twitt                                and became an influence on the
   mainstream press. I think I am probably what is known in US-UK military speak as a "key
   targeted individual". I also had a role in foiling what appears to have been a dictatorship bid
   by Boris Johnson. He has been open about claiming responsibility for my targeting though
   I'm aware that this could also be part of a plan to push me to state this to a psychiatrist so
   that I can be labeled with a persecutory complex. You can watch the speech here from 1.16
   in https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=778sni0ycAc. "It's all my fault." There have similarly
   been many other veiled references to my targeting of which the UK press are well aware.
   Although the Twitter account is heavily shadow-banned, the press have been keen to follow
   my cues.

   I think my targeting started not long after I wrote a literary and philosophical letter to Boris
   Johnson in August 2020. I am reading it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?
   v=A8NwsIwR5vA&t=1s

   In October 2020 I came under high duress from Children's Services in Northumberland,
   England, where I was living. Attempting to relocate with my child to Italy, I took what I
   thought was a Covid vaccine in December 2021. The Italian government had just made the
   vaccine compulsory for entry into the country. A few weeks after that there began a series of
   what I think are best described as digital rapes in which, I suspect, a magnetoelectric
   nanotechnology or optogenetics is being used to simulate the sensation of being penetrated
   and which can also force me to orgasm. Sometimes lasting for hours through the night, this
can cause severe sleep deprivation and leave me feeling quite unwell.

In the initial attack phase, I was experiencing a lot of light scatter on my retinas behind
closed eye-lids. At times this had the eﬀect of a mild hallucinogenic. After around eighteen
months of electromagnetic torture, I am still sensing light on my retinas during the night
attacks but there is no scatter.

The attacks continued unabated night after night for months as part of an attempt to cause a
nervous breakdown. I became unable to care for my son who is six years old and has
complex SEN. I sought help from a relative in another part of the country and soon
afterwards my child was forcibly removed from my care and placed with foster parents.
Realising that I was about to be forcibly committed to a mental hospital for the second time,
I fled the UK and am now based in East Africa but the digital rapes continue on a nightly
basis.

Even video call contact with my son has been reduced to a once-in-four weeks twenty
minute interaction. He is permitted to stay with my sister the last weekend of every month. A
judge has issued an order for him to be forcibly adopted outside the family though my sister
is willing to care for him.

I was told by the 'social worker' in covert terms before leaving the UK that he is also a target.

I discovered that lithium battery cameras had been placed in the radios in my home
including my bedroom and I believe footage from the rapes was probably being sold through
some dark web application to voyeurs and perverts. This appears to be one of the methods
of funding the programme. My cleaner had her handbag stolen on a train and I think this may
be how they acquired the key to my home.

I am attacked also with some form of acoustic weapon (though it is not V2K) that sounds like
a gecko or a bird. The sound is frequently associated with the sexual assault and I am
sometimes woken in the night to it.

My symptoms do not follow the pattern for those described in Havana Syndrome. I do not
usually experience pain directly though I think it may be arising as a secondary eﬀect of the
forced wakefulness as the electromagnetics change the calcium ions in my body.

There appears to be a strong element of behavioural modification. Apart from the forced
sexual activity, they try to force me to sing. Before the electromagnetics torture began, I had
quite a good soprano voice and would sing for friends. Sometimes they are creating a
painful muscle tension and immediately take it oﬀ when I start to sing. They do the same
when I cook and wash up. They can remote control my limbs - particularly under hypnosis -
into positions of a sexual nature.

They are able to coerce and bully the press and have produced some imaginative ways to
threaten me into cooperating sexually i.e https://www.telegraph.co.uk/world-
news/2022/08/12/stressed-celebrity-walrus-put-unless-gawping-fans-leave-alone/

In the remarkable use of metaphor elaborated as follows, being from the North of England, I
am the North Sea. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yb78ou5RKaQ&t=1s Mills and Boon
could not have done a better job. The original wording was "clubbing to death a seal" but this
has since been overlaid. This is a reference to the fact that during the attacks, as far as
possible, I lie stock-still.

They can place a stress on my heart and produce an atrial fibrillation sensation. They have in
the initial attack phase, simulated a heart attack. They can produce painful electric shock
sensations and also a feeling of falling.

There has also been the suggestion through various PSYOPS and other channels that it is a
form of forced neural love potion. There is remote neural influence thought-injection along
these lines in conjunction with the assaults.

I suspect it is part of a mind-control programme that is a successor to MK Ultra. I am
continually tired though I have not to my knowledge experienced memory loss or time lapses
or behaved in any ways that are out character. I am sometimes forced to perform sexual acts
under hypnosis during the night. I am unable to discern the purpose of the programming -
whether solely for sexual exploitation or some form of espionage / compromise or even with
the intention that I harm others including potentially my own child so as to have me further
committed or jailed for a fabricated crime.

Boris Johnson has helpfully given an indication here with a set of veiled references as to the
nature of the project. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/opinion/comment/stormont-must-
be-restored-so-politicians-can-deliver-for-the-people-of-ni/41652590.html

As for "contested, broken, re-imagined and carefully nurtured" I think 'contested' refers to
the attached document (use of the Prevent anti-terrorism scheme to go after me through
Children's Services), 'broken' is the process of causing me to suﬀer a nervous breakdown to
produce a dissociative condition in which I can be robotised / exploited sexually, 'reimagined'
I think refers to some form of trait desirability / 'human enhancement' technique and I will
leave it to yourself to discern what 'carefully nurtured' may mean. At the time of receipt, May
2022, I did not fully understand the significance of the article. I knew it was addressed to me
as use of parentheses is a trade mark of mine and allies (press, resistance) would use them
pointedly when they wanted to get hold of me. As part of the hearings process for getting my son
put into foster care, I was asked by a judge to compile a 'narrative of events'. Through this I made
an attempt to push further for a deal on behalf of Julian Assange. I attach this reply for context.

On first departing the UK, I fled initially to Switzerland where the DEWs attacks became if anything
more severe, though I had escaped the BSC (Behavioural Science Consultation) team of 'mental
health' professionals that was putting me under duress in the UK. I was subjected on several
occasions to a form of simulated sexual battery.

Rather than risk becoming a forced collaborator in what appears to be the global
implementation of a clear successor to Nazism, I am seriously considering bringing my life to
a close. I am not suﬀering from depression. I am unable to assess the threat of abduction /
forced prostitution / further ill treatment at the hands of the UK government / ISG.

He has just bought a house with a moat and I'm very worried that once in, I may never get
out again. I'm not a particularly strong swimmer.

I'm not at all a bad writer and so far at least one novel of mine has been purloined along with
part of a play. I returned from a forced two week stay in a mental hospital to find my study
bereft of certain articles of correspondence but nothing else had been taken / disturbed.

I am currently - outside of the sexual abuse - not acting in ways that are out of character.

I am often exhausted from the sleep deprivation and disorientated by the abuse but feel I am
still in a position to work with some allowances made for my incapacity at times.

If you are needing any administrative or other assistance, please do let me know. I am looking for a
role that pays a small salary so that I can work remotely. I am looking for around USD 1000 per
month. I can forward my CV if you feel this may be viable. I have been watching your films and have
read the kindle book Unacknowledged several times over. I feel your thesis makes a great deal of
sense in relation to what is happening to the global community of unfortunate people known as
'Targeted Individuals'.

I think that what is under development here is a human slave trade.
I am British by birth.

I have so far survived because of my sense of humour: https://www.youtube.com/watch?
v=Vhc9MDQ3PwU

I look forward to hearing from you.

Kind regards
