{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T04:38:57Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3397258, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122505-email-from-witness-10814-11-3-10.pdf", "source_sha256": "1a6f08bc8df9ce17909a2258762b34ebb645423e1d8ef18ec0f367548dd78097"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 398, "chars": 2557, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
jer
From:
Sent:
Fwd: Univ. of Southern Cal PhD student working for NASA Life Detection founding Chief
Scientist, KXXXX, seeking help with illegal censorship by my boss, hopefully in a US
Courtroom, regarding alien life detection
Jetal 2006.astrobioprimer.pdf; Minor proposal_orion.pdf;
Kuemen. Jonson. 2009.pdf
Would you print off this email and show it to Steve? It is a possible Disclosure witness.
Thanks,
- Forwarded message
From: OX
Date: Wed, Nov 3, 2010 at 2:38 PM
Subject: Univ. of Southern Cal PhD student working for NASA Life Detection founding Chief Scientist,
seeking help with illegal censorship by my boss, hopefully in a US Courtroom, regarding alien life
detection
To:
Dear "the orion project"
personnel,
My name is
I'm a scientist with an interesting story that overlaps powerfully with your mission
so I am reaching out in this direction for two reasons, 1) to ask for possible expert witness help in a
potentially very powerful court case against NASA Life Detection founding Chief Scientist and The
University of Southern California for illegal conduct regarding my detection of extraterrestrial life in the
form of expert witnesses and verifiable and often quantifiably alarming historical and modern evidence,
essentially throughout human history; and 2) to inquire into any opportunities that may exist within your
organization for a young talented scientist interested in helping humanity evolve beyond petroleum and
to join a cosmic community of soul-filled beings.
My experiences working for the NASA Chief were very personal, having served as his PhD student for six
years and laying much of the groundwork for the detection of life on serpentinizing minerals, as are
expected to be found on Mars, Titan, and in the hidden oceans of the icy moons of Jupiter. In this sense,
when I came upon actual evidence supporting an ET presence and told the Chief, I realized that we had a major
problem because he told me that I couldn't talk to him about anything but my previous observations
immediately afterwards.
Once I awoken to the UFO-ET connection and was told I couldn't talk about it with my NASA chief boss.
he offered me a chance to TA on Catalina Island at the Wrigley Marine Science Center, to avoid
discussion about ETs and UFOs as I saw it. Amazingly, at the Wrigley station, where my NASA Chief was also
coincidentally given the honorary title and endowment for which he is known as the Wrigley Professor, I
learned that many of the Wrigley Staff, including the secretary, the cooks, the housecleaners and the waitresses,

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 614, "chars": 3997, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
all had seen UFOs on separate occasions, two times groups of people saw a Coliseum-sized UFO over the
Wrigley Station. To my greatest disbelief, my own boss disbelieved ALL OF US, and continued to censor
any discussion of this form of "Life Detection" which I was otherwise being paid to do and had received
the highest national ranking on my first ever NSF proposal while searching in another direction in my
own research. I couldn't go on working under the censorship, especially after sharing many intimate
experiences with the famous NASA Chief earlier on, which is now going to result in a lawsuit alleging illegal
conduct, which I hope will result more in an awakening about the ET presence by the NASA Life Detection
guys than it will in any courtroom victory for me personally, but I them as interconnected and I have sacrificed
greatly since my PhD was virtually complete and my publications that are already out are very strong.
I was even the author of the biodiversity section of the first every introduction to the field of
astrobiology, known as the Astrobiology Primer, published in the journal Astrobiology. I also published a
paper in the Encyclopedia of Microbiology, 2009, Elsevier, in which I mathematically modeled
sustainable growth across a wide-range of energy and element limitations, all based on very good
quantitative studies, in which I prove unequivocally that all natural systems seeking to reach a sustainable
state must adopt the same lifestyle that happens to also be the ultimate solution for our global economic crisis:
slow down, maintain, do not keep growing. The mathematics we modeled as illustrated in figure 3 of my
Continuous Culture paper shows as clearly as anything ever could that a sustainable steady-state for any
growing community is an inevitable outcome everywhere that the energy inputs satisfies the minimum
maintenance energy requirement of the community and where the community does not grow at the
maximuim rate (in my paper the growth rate is often called the dilution rate in our paper, but at steady-state
dilution rate-growth rate). By modeling the natural systems in this manner I've proven quantifiably exactly how
our species violates the simple, peer-reviewed and published, mathematical laws of nature so brazenly with our
current global economic system and our insane perceptions about "growth" perpetually trumpeted by the
mainstream media. Based on the math that I've published, one of my main tenets for solving the world's crisis is
simply "maintenance"
' My hypothesis is that the Federal Reserve Chiefs may actually have left this concept out
of their philosophy on economic leadership as a tool for obfuscating the long-term effects of their policies
regarding growth, which I can prove makes perfect mathematical sense given a brief opportunity.
I'm sorry to write a lengthly introduction as this, but I believe that I may have the hottest court case in history
with respect to the potential for proving in court to the NASA Chief Scientist of Life Detection that we are
being and have been visited by ETs. It would be a monumental leap in the consciousness of mainstream
academia.
Many thanks for your time and good energy, I pray for a positive reply,
The Astrobiology Primer, written out of work done by scientists that came together at the first ever Astrobiology
Graduate Conference in Tuscon, Arizona, 2004. Orion's section on Biodiversity is heavily edited, but an earlier,
Alpha Version, showed even clearer insight into our need to protect our own planet's biodiversity as we seek to
join a cosmic community.
pinor proposal under NASA Life Detection Chief, showing the type of groundwork I was doing
prior to being powerfully negatively censored for an entire year and feeling forced to resign in protest.
‹Continuous Culture paper from the Encyclopedia of Microbiology, 3rd ed., Elsevier, 2009, showing
how the fine mathematical relationships present in growth models at sub-maximal, steady-state, conditions.
2
