{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-01T20:09:11Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 12476954, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304147673147674, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122509-william-pawelec-human-microchips-implants-united-states-emails-annie-2010.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540905740000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/122509-william-pawelec-human-microchips-implants-united-states-emails-annie-2010.pdf", "source_sha256": "d1d5296257064f22bc8c2ffe558fc0c0c4acca5590df8a7fcf77331ccd15cf0e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 573, "chars": 3268, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Saturday, November 27, 2010 12:06 AM
GOT IT!!!:
-DECEASED- DISCLOSURE TAPE REQUEST
Hi
Got it today and hung on
* every word. What a treat it is for me to see and hear him again.
Thought it would make me really emotional but a calm came over me instead...closure? completion?? it's hard
to describe an emotion...
and yes you are right, he did have lots more to tell. He was taken down levels in one of the bases, assuming
Tonapah and was shown a craft that was later described as the "sports model". With Bill's expertise and
knowledge of so many systems, he would often engage others in conversation, gain their confidence that he was
"one of them" and find out information that he wasn't supposed to know. Being involved in different aspects of
setting security up for the base, he had access to different levels in order to correlate security for those levels
because each level had different security access codes.
He also told about being called in to give a status report on his work. Again, I do not know which base he was
on but the meeting was composed of consultants, generals and other high ranking military. The generals were
acting very strangely, a very nervous fear with a lot of glances between each other. Bill looked at some of the
other consultants with a "WTF" look on his face and they just rolled their eyes and shrugged in a "who knows"
manner. He said he had never seen Generals almost shaking in their boots...
They could see out of the building windows as a private jet with 2 escorts came down the runway. The escorts
stayed out on the tarmac as the private jet turned and rolled toward the building they were meeting in.
thought this was odd for a private jet to roll up and park so close to a regular building. In comes a very tall, slim
European man with beefy body guards? He was dressed in a very expensive European suit, handmade shoes and
a very expensive briefcase. His speech was very clipped and it was hard to figure out the accent. He said it
appeared to be German but, it was different somehow and he was not familiar with it. Maybe there is a high
German dialect??? He was not introduced, no one in the meeting was ever introduced or called by name. Each
consultant gave their status report. The generals did not speak except to direct the meeting. The man abruptly
turns and leaves the room and goes back out to his jet. The consultants were excused and cautioned on not
talking about what had just taken place and the Generals remained in the room.
About 2 years ago, I told
this story,
was with me and verified that this was practically
verbatim as to what Bill had told him personally.
says "I know who I think it was and his name is
I googled him, he is a real person and there are several links. He is heavier now than
described. Assuming this is the same person, his google info gives lots of hints of what he may have/still is
into...this link http://www.spiegel.de/international/spiegel/0,1518,635223,00.html calls him a Nasa
Manager…..
So, maybe this will give you a little bit of meat to chew on...any questions, let me know...
Again, I send my Heartfelt Thank You for giving a little bit of Bill back to me and if you do the Puja show,
please let me know.
Love and Light and Laughter, annie

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 301, "chars": 1667, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Date: November 24, 2010 10:24:36 PM CST
To: X
Subject: Re
DECEASED- DISCLOSURE TAPE REQUEST
Hi Emily, it didn't make it today, probably still in Nashville and will get here Friday, can't wait!!! annie
On Nov 22, 2010, at 10:30 AM, Emily Greer wrote:
Hi
Just dropped the DVD at the post office.
They said you should have it on Wednesday.
Blessings.
Emily
From:
Subject: Re:
DECEASED- DISCLOSURE TAPE REQUEST
Oh Emily, I don't have the words at the moment to know what to say except "To Thank You From The Bottom
Of My Heart" for all the care and effort you have put into getting
- DVD to me. I went to the donation
section and did a Level 1 $25 donation, received the appropriate email responses so that's in the works.
I looked at the World Puja site and had never seen it before. What a group of enlightened souls... If Steven
decides to use Bill's tape, I would really like to hear the show. So, if there is any way to let me know if/when it
will be, I sure would appreciate it.
Your mail has really touched me, especially that it made you cry too. After reading it, I had to walk out to the
garden to just release and try to get through the emotions, saw things that needed to be done, forgot I had on my
house shoes and got them all muddy but it was worth it. When I first thought of trying to see if I could even get
Bill's testimony, figured it might not be possible but, now that I am so close to seeing it makes me feel like a
happy puppy.
So Thanks Again and Big Warm and Cuddlies to you and Steven for the work you do and the people you are.
Love, Light and Don't Forget The Laughter, annie
So here's my info
On Nov 20, 2010, at 9:11 AM,
wrote:
Hi Annie,
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 491, "chars": 2722, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I got the DVD back from the guy transferring it and watched last night to make sure that it actually worked.
It is a riveting interview. What a man! When you said in your initial request that you just wanted to hear his voice
again, I just cried. I know you will find this quite amazing. It sounds like he really had more to say, but what he revealed
was as much as he felt comfortable with at the time.
Let me know what address to send it to and I should be able to get it to the post office on Monday.
If you would just put $25 in the donation section of the Disclosure Project website that would cover the postage and the
reproduction cost.
Thank you for giving us permission to use the interview.
Steve is thinking that he will use it as the basis for a discussion on World Puja network. Most of what your husband has
to say is about what he learned doing security systems. It is fascinating and shows - for better or worse - the dark
underbelly of how things really work. Your husband was obviously astute, sensitive with the best motives for the
country and really put the pieces together.
Best wishes,
From: XXXXX
Sent: Saturday, October 23, 2010 1:08 AM
To:
Subject: Re:
DECEASED- DISCLOSURE TAPE REQUEST
Oh, Emily, thank you so verrry much. You made my day. If you want me to send a few $$$ up to pay for it, let
me know. Sorry for the hassle of digging through the files but it will mean so much to me.
My major treat for the last 2 years has been a stage manager at the UFO conference in Laughlin but have been
looking for answers to this convoluted enigma for more than half my life....for so many early years, used to buy
the Enquirer just so I could get UFO stories and sift through the fiction to find the nuggets of fact... You and
Steven are also to be commended for your persistence. Steven is like a dog with a snake between his teeth!!!
and behind every good man is a good woman...
Thanks again, Love, Light and don't forget the Laughter, annie
On Oct 22, 2010, at 12:04 PM,
wrote:
the Disclosure Project webmaster forwarded your note to us.
Please accept our condolences on the passing of your husband.
We are happy to provide you with a copy of his testimony but it may take a while - several months, I imagine.
We have no paid staff and are involved with multiple ongoing projects. The testimony is on mini-DVD cassettes that are
in safe storage. I will have to find the particular tape and then find someone who can transfer it to a DVD. We no
longer have the equipment we had in 2000 for duplicating the tapes and even if we could, you would have no way to
look at it from those tiny tapes.
I will do my best to get it to you in a timely manner.
XXXX
XXXXXX
XXXXX
XXX if I forget to write to
you.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 351, "chars": 2018, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
We are ever indebted to the courageous men and women who came forward with their testimony in 2000. It absolutely
started the world-wide Disclosure movement and the Exopolitics movement which has resulted in many governments
releasing at least parts of their files. It was a game-changer. From the tone of your note you seem to have been very
supportive of your husband in his participation and we thank you too.
With our gratitude,
-- Original Message -
Subject:
From
To
-DECEASED- DISCLOSURE TAPE REQUEST
Date: Thu, 21 Oct 2010 16:28:06 -0500
I recently found your letter you sent to
back in Dec 2000 thanking him for his
testimony for the Witness Archive Project and you also sent him a copy of your book. I am Bill's wife and I
wanted to let you know that unfortunately, he died of colon cancer in 2007. I have decided to try and request a
copy of his testimony. Bill told me about taping it and that he had asked you to not release it until he gave you
permission or in the case of his death.If you can still use his testimony, you now have permission to do so. He
told me about his experiences but I would really like to see his testimony and of course, to hear his voice again.
I know that the tape is your property and I will not do anything commercial or exploitive with it. It will be for
me personally. If you are able to transfer the video to a DVD, that would be wonderful!!!
I am very willing to pay for ony expenses this may incur...just
Xy busy and pressed for time but, I really would
appreciate a copy if at all possible.
I have been involved in the UFO phenomena since I saw 2 craft being paced by jets near Tinker AFB, OK in
about 1965-66. They were huge mother sized craft and left the jets seemingly hanging in mid air. I also heard
you speak many years ago at a MUFON meeting when I lived in Scottsdale Az.
You can check me out by contacting
• for references as they have both been personal
friends of mine for about 15 years. At least that way, you'll know I am legit and not a wing nut snoop.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 20, "chars": 126, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Steven and Pt hank you for the work you do!!!

Keep Locking p, I
Attachment: Death Certificate yg

<image001.jpg>

sc019be167
