{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T16:31:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 591321, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122579-witness-10588-letter-from-greer-july-1-2001.pdf", "source_sha256": "ba7b1fd1be9fdb607d79e8d152efcb7b8bedea88b502668ddbd64293ecbc82b2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 408, "chars": 2694, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Phone:
The
DISCLOSURE PROJECT
July 6th, 2001
Dear I
Enclosed please find important briefing materials regarding classified projects connected to extraterrestrial intelligence
and UFO events,
The Disclosure Project has identified over 400 top -secret military and government witnesses to such projects and
•UFO events. We are in the process of releasing this information and testimony to the public and feel that as an
important world leader you should be thoroughly briefed on the matter.
The subject has the most profound implications for the future of the human race. We can prove that rogue, unacknow-
ledged and constitutionally illegal projects are holding back from humanity the definitive solutions to the energy,
environmental and global warming problems. These are connected to UFO technologies that have been developed
within these classified projects. Once released for peaceful applications, these technologies would replace all fossil
fuel use in the world.
Of greater concern is the covert deployment of weapons systems that have tracked, targeted and destroyed objects of
extraterrestrai origin. Such unsupervised projects are engaging in activities that are a threat to world security and are
connected to the efforts to place weapons in space under the guise of the National Missile Defense System in the US.
It is critical to world security that you be informed on these issues as they pose the gravest threat to the security and
future of humanity. There is no evidence the extraterrestrial civilizations are hostile, but there is abundant testimony
(see enclosed Briefing Document) that they are concerned with human warfare and weapons.
As Director of The Disclosure Project, I am requesting a personal meeting with you and your senior staff at the earliest
possible time to discuss these and related issues.
We also ask that you support a general disclosure on this subject and support an international ban on the weapons ir
space, insofar as it can now be proven that we are sharing space with other intelligent life forms. We are also
recommending that N.A.T.O. conduct an immediate open investigation of this subject so that the international
community may be adequately informed.
A proper disclosure of this subject will give humanity the technologies to correct the global energy and environmental
problems and greatly ameliorate world poverty within a generation. Space must be preserved for peaceful activities
and these new energy and propulsion systems that are currently classified need to be released for the benefit of
humanity. We hope you will assist us in this Promethian effort.
Respectfully,
Reeves
Director, The Disclosure Project
non-profit organizatio
