{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T03:32:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2351718, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122545-jonathan-weygandt-marine-corp-crash-retrieval-boliva-peru-border-intake.pdf", "source_sha256": "7bd5ff6d5f88cc8a9a8dd8c7e9b96368e9c70be1524a7f92d3a2f46a27158a18"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 557, "chars": 3380, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
John Weygandt
Subj:
witness report: Weygandt
From: 8/1/00 8:55:05 PM Eastem Daylight TIme
XXXXXX
To:
WITNESS REPORT: JOHN WEYGANDT
1. Obtain full name, address, phone numbers, email and other data and record same
John Weygandt
2. Obtain brief educational and employment history relevant to the testimony (ie, govemment, military, intel., corporate)
Lance corporal (E-3) in the Marine Corp from June, 1995 to March, 1998 at Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station in North
Carolina. At age 20, he was sent to Peru on Operation Laser Strike from February - June, 1997 with the 2nd LAAB battalion.
His job was to provide perimeter security for the Air Force to a radar facility in Peru (joint US and Peruvian operation), very
close to the Bolivian border.
Now, he's a mechanical drafter and technical illustrator. Draws machine parts, schematics, does architecture. Goes to local
community college.
3. Record the details in summary form of the witness' testimony; providing salient information on date; location, position and
involvement at the time of the UFO/ET event or project
(Because his story is so extraordinary and bizarre, I'm providing a lot of detail)
In 1997, he fiew to Lima, took a one hour bus ride to makeshift military strip, and boarded a C1-30 propeller transporter
aircraft. He flew 6 or 7 hours to the radar facility, stopping once: He has no record of the location of the facility.
The radar facility tracked air craft coming in and out of Peru and Bolivia. John had been trained as a stinger gunner, in low
altitude air defense. He was trained to identify aircraft, and they wanted him to be able to distinguish the friendly aircraft. The
facility had underground section with computers. John believes the radar facility may have been set up to track UFOs. One
time he let an Air Force Major into the underground facility and heard a woman say "we've got strange objects again..."
Almost everyone there was American.
Between 4 and 5 am one morning in the second half of April, 1997, John was sent to check out a crashed vehicle in the nearby
jungle. He drove in a jeep and then walked, with Sergeant Allen (E-5) and Corporal Scott, ariving at the crash site about 8 am.
He had live ammo with him. The object crashed just over the border in Bolivia. He saw an egg shaped craft, a tear drop shape,
crashed into rock and embedded in it at a 45 degree angle, on the side of a cliff. It was literally imbedded in solid granite: The
craft had cut a 500 meter gash in the jungle like a lawnmower, on its way down. The vegetation was smoldering. The craft was
20 meters wide by 15 high. Its underside was purple and the top was a dark green. It had in indent along its middle with lights
around it, one red bright light that went the whole way around. He heard it shut down and the light stop. Saw three hatches,
one open on top, 2 others towards the sides half opened, at angles. He got within 100 yards or less, down in a deep ravine.
John was trained to recognize aircraft, experienced at studying different types of aircraft since he was a kid, and this craft was
not from here. It had no wings, nothing to propel it. There was a bizarre liquid leaking which was all over the place. It smelled
very bad, acidic like ammonia, and bumed the nostrils. It was syrupy, like jelly, and clear. It was in the stream, eating the
Tuesday, August Ot, 2000 Compuserve:
Page: 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 854, "chars": 4887, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
vegetation, got on his ars, boots and clothes. It ate the dye and weakened the fabric and ate some of the hair on his arm. It
felt frigid. He became nauseous and vomited. He felt high, felt like his mind was affected. He felt there were beings trapped
inside which he could feel calling to him, like an intense feeling throughout his body that he couldn't understand. They were
telling him they were not here to harm anyone, asking him to approach, soothing like a mother to a child. There was a static
that filled his head, like on the TV.
The craft was damaged, had gashes in it. There was one in the bottom rear from where the strange liquid poured out. John
says this looked like it did not come from the crash, but likely from a missile. There were hawk missiles in Peru - surface to
air missiles, short to medium range. The hawk is radar directional, and explodes near the target, releasing small metal balls
from the warhead which it blows towards the target. The Peruvians also had blowpipes - mounted guns known as M160's
which they bought from the US. And: they had blowpipes from the British:
He could only see one side of the object. The other two told him not to approach, said "Let's get out of here," then they saw 3
or 4 helicopters coming: They took a trail up out of the ravine, to find their radios. Men in black, dressed like a swat team,
showed no I.D. but grabbed John and took his weapons. John took a swing at one of them; they beat him and restrained him
face down on the ground. They got the strange liquid on them: They handcuffed him and put him on a stretcher. Guys in white
suits with helmets landed on the site, with suits like space suits marked DOE, made him strip to his underwear and took
everything on his person. Put him in a Kayawa (sp) helicopter (small; very dark green) to a camp where he put on fatigues.
The Air Force Colonel there told him he saw nothing and this was classified, told him he had to sign papers. He refused and
they said that his body would be hard to find out there in the jungle (death threat): He signed statement that to protect the
national security of the US he would not talk. Was taken back to the radar base, and talked to others about this, so he was
sent back to the US to Cherry Point Marine Corp: Air Station in: NG within a week or two. (Late April, 1997)
in May, 1997, John says he recognized that he had picked up something from the craft, something came into him. He had
weird dreams, nightmares and missing time: He was sent to a psychiatrist and an alcohol treatment facility in Jacksonville;
Fla. He was put on meds and diagnosed with a personality disorder. He says this is bogus and was an attempt to silence
him. Had no such symptons before witnessing the crash.
In late '97, he saw Sergeant Allen at the base who was furious at him for mentioning this and raged at John. The day after,
Allen was shipped out. John was beaten up and forced to confess to using manjuana, and the CID made his life hell. It went
all the way up. to the Marine Air Control (MAG) Group 28. He was discharged in March, 1998.
His phone has been tapped, he received a series of harassing phone calls right after he contacted CSET. FBI were seen at
his house when he wasn't there.
He has suffered from nightmares and mental health problems since then: Sometimes he hears the same static in his head
that he heard at the site. Sometimes the same emotions - like feeling high and invincible. He can hear people's thoughts. in
September 1999; he had missing time for 35 hours, followed by bleeding ears, for which he saw a doctor.
John is somewhat traumatized by this event, afraid, but wants to come forward. Said he would want to be disguised if filmed,
but that could change: He has not even told his family about this.
4. Ascertain the witness' degree of cooperation: Is he / she willing to be interviewed under full identity? Under a disguise (we:
want to discourage this except in rare cases) ?
Willing to be interviewed, although very nervous about it.
5. Ask if he/she has corroborating witnesses to the event or project or corroborating documents and other materials
Provided details of marine training and duty prior to Peru. Names as provided above: Corporal Scott became a Sergeant (E-5)
and then left the Marines sometime in 1997 because he served his time. He was a bible-thumper, probably from the North.
Sergeant Allen is likely still with the Marines. Staff Sergeant Montelegra (sp) was the staff non-commissioned officer in charge
in Peru (He was in charge of the 3. of them who were sent out.) Sergeant Malcolm was a friend of John's who would know
about Operation Laser Strike and could help locate other guys, but doesn't know about the crash. He likely has left the
Marines because he had knee problems. John does not know how to reach any of the above individuals.
Tuesday, August 01, 2000 Compuserve:
Page: Z

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 353, "chars": 2116, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
John is sending documents to verify his enlistment with the Marine Corps. He has provided the name of Staff Sergeant
X to call at Cherry Point for information on Laser Strike. Suggested calling 2nd LAAD battalion, operations S-2 or S-4,
a Cherry Point.
I called Cherry Point and they gave me some web addresses for information on Operation Laser Strike.
6. Always ask if the witness has other evidence, networks, or contacts to other witnesses which could be useful to the project
(they may not offer this and so this should always be asked).
None.
7. Write your own assessment of the value of the witness' testimony and credibility, and HOW the witness comes across
(articulate, etc).
I interviewed him 3 times in great detail, because initially i wasn't sure about him, I knew he had been mentally and
emotionally shaken by this. Some of the details he reported on the first telling of the story were different the second time, and
some important information was provided the second time which was simply left out the first. He has read my narrative of his
account and attests to its accuracy. Ricardo joined the 3rd interview to assess him and try and pinpoint the location in Peru.
Ricardo plans to meet with him and bring a detailed map of the area. (John remembers rivers, villages etc.)
After careful assessment, I believe John is sincere and is telling the truth as he remembers it. XX concurs. He has much
detail and marine lingo, and knowledge of weapons, missiles, etc that attests to his having been a marine. John is both afraid
of speaking to us and desperate to tall his story. He has told no one, including family members. I believe he is courageous in
coming forward. He says he wishes he had never seen the crash because it has ruined his life.
8. Let the witness know that we will be contacting him/her later to set up a date to conduct a full interview.
Done. There will be more follow up; report may need updating.
1, 8/1/00
XXX
WITNESS REPORT: JOHN WEYGANDT
anbsp;
1. Obtain full name, address, phone numbers, email and other data and record
same
John Weygandt
_2000 Compuserve: XingPt
Page: 3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 515, "chars": 3109, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
2. Obtain brief educational and employment history relevant to the testimony
(ie, government, military, intel., corporate)
Lance corporal (E-3) in the Marine Corp from June, 1995 to March, 1998 at
Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station in North Carolina. At age 20, he was sent
to Peru on Operation Laser Strike from February &ndash; June, 1997 with the 2nd
LAAB battalion. His job was to provide perimeter security for the Air Force to a
radar facility in Peru (joint US and: Peruvian operation), very close to the
Bolivian border.
Now, hearsquo;s a mechanical drafter and technical illustrator. Draws machine
parts, schematics, does architecture. Goes to local community college.
3. Record the details in summary for of the witness&rsquo; testimony,
providing salient information on date, location, position and involvement at the
time of the UFO/ET event or project
(Because his story is so extraordinary and bizarre, larsqua;m providing a lot
of detail)
In 1997, he flew to Lima, took a one hour bus ride to makeshift military
strip, and boarded a C1-30 propeller transporter aircraft. He flew 6 or 7 hours
to the radar facility, stopping once. He has no record of the location of the
facility.
The radar facility tracked air craft coming in and out of Peru and Bolivia.
John had been trained as a stinger gunner, in low altitude air defense. He was
trained to identify aircraft, and they wanted him to be able to distinguish the
friendly aircraft. The facility had underground section with computers. John
believes the radar facility may have been set up to track UFOs. One time he let
an Air Force Major into the underground facility and heard a woman say
&quot; we&rsquo; ve got strange objects again&hellip;&quot; Almost everyone there
was American:
Between 4 and 5 am one moming in the second half of April, 1997, John was
sent to check out a crashed vehicle in the nearby jungle. He drove in a jeep and
then walked, with Sergeant
<(E-5) and Corporal
arriving at the crash
site about 8 am. He had live ammo with him: The objeer crashed just over the
border in Bolivia. He saw an egg shaped craft, a tear drop shape, crashed into
rock and embedded in it at a 45 degree angle, on the side of a cliff. It was
literally imbedded in solid granite. The craft had cut a 500 meter gash in the
jungle like a lawnmower, on its way down. The vegetation was smoldering. The
craft was 20 meters wide by 15 high. Its underside was purple and the top was a
dark green. It had in indent along its middle with lights around it, one red
bright light that went the whole way around. He heard it shut down and the light
stop. Saw three hatches, one open on top, 2 others towards the sides half
opened, at angles. He got within 100 yards or less, down in a deep ravine.
John was trained to recognize aircraft, experienced at studying different
types of aircraft since he was a kid, and this craft was not from here, It had
no wings, nothing to propel it. There was a bizarre liquid leaking which was all
over the piace. It smelled very bad, acidic like ammonia, and bumed the
Tuesday, August DT, 2000 Compuserve
Page: 4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 648, "chars": 3626, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
nostrils. It was syrupy, like jelly, and clear. It was in the stream, eating the
vegetation, got on his arms, boots and clothes. It ate the dye and weakened the
fabric and ate some of the hair on his arm. It felt frigid. He became nauseous
and vomited. He felt high, felt like his mind was affected. He felt there were
beings trapped inside which he could feel calling to him; like an intense
feeling throughout his body that he couldn&rsquo;t understand. They were telling
him they were not here to harm anyone; asking him to approach, soothing like a
mother to a child. There was a static that filled his head, like on the TV.
The craft was damaged; had gashes in it. There was one in the bottom rear
from where the strange liquid poured out. John says this looked like it did not
come from the crash, but likely from a missile: There were hawk missiles in Peru
&ndash; surface to air missiles, short to medium range. The hawk is radar
directionai, and explodes near the target, releasing small metal balls from the
waread which it blows towards the target. The Peruvians also had blowpipes
andash; mounted guns known as M160&rsquo;s which they bought from the US. Anc
they had blowpipes from the British
He could only see one side of the object. The other two told him not to
approach, said &quot; Let&rsquo;s get out of here, & quot; then they saw 3 or 4
helicopters coming: They took a trail up out of the ravine, to find their
radios. Men in black, dressed like a swat team, showed no I.D. but grabbed John
and took his weapons. John took a swing at one of them; they beat him and
restrained him face down on the ground. They got the strange liquid on them.
They handcuffed him and put him on a stretcher. Guys in white suits with helmets
landed on the site, with suits like space suits marked DOE, made him strip to
his underwear and took everything on his person. Put him in a Kayawa (sp)
helicopter (small, very dark green) to a camp where he put on fatigues. The Air
Force Colonel there told him he saw nothing and this was classified, told him he
had to sign papers. He refused and they said that his body would be hard to find
out there in the jungle (death threat). He signed statement that to protect the
national security of the US he would not talk. Was taken back to the radar base,
and talked to others about this, so he was sent back to the US to Cherry Point
Marine Corp Air Station in NC within a week or two. (Late April, 1997)
In May, 1997, John says he recognized that he had picked up something from
the craft, something came into him. He had weird dreams, nightmares and missing
time. He was sent to a psychiatrist and an alcohol treatment facility in
Jacksonville, Fla. He was put on meds and diagnosed with a personality disorder.
He says this is bogus and was an attempt to silence him. Had no such symptons
before witnessing the crash.
In late arsquo;97, he saw Sergeant
at the base who was furious at him
for mentioning this and raged at John. The day after, >
Twas shipped out.
John was beaten up and forced to confess to using marijuana, and the CID made
his life hell. It went all the way up to the Marine Air Control (MAG) Group 28.
He was discharged in March, 1998.
His phone has been tapped, he received a series of harassing phone calls
right after he contacted SETI: FBI were seen at his house when he wasnarsquot
there.
He has suffered from nightmares and mental health problems since then.
Sometimes he hears the same static in his head that he heard at the site.
Sometimes the same emotions &ndash; like feeling high and invincible. He can
Tuesday, August 01, 2000
Compuserve
Page: 5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 467, "chars": 2834, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
...
hear people&rsquo;s thoughts. In September 1999, he had missing time for 35
hours, followed by bleeding ears, for which he saw a doctor.
John is somewhat traumatized by this event, afraid, but wants to come
forward. Said he would want to be disguised if filmed, but that could change. He
has not even told his family about this.
4. Ascertain the witness&rsquo; degree of cooperation: Is he / she willing
to be interviewed under full identity? Under a disguise (we want to discourage
this except in rare cases)?
Willing to be interviewed; although very nervous about it.
5. Ask if he/she has corroborating witnesses to the event or project or
corroborating documents and other materials
Provided details of marine training and duty prior to Peru. Names as provided
above: Corporal
became a Sergeant (E-5) and then left the Marines sometime
in 1997 because he served his time. He was a bible-thumper, probably from the
North. Sergeant is likely still with the Marines. Stall Sergeant
(sp) was the staft non-commissioned officer in charge in Peru (He was
in charge of the 3 of them who were sent out.) Sergeant
John&rsquo; s who would know about Operation Laser Strike and could help locate
other guys, but doesnarsquo;t know about the crash. He likely has left the
Marines because he had knee problems. John does not know how to reach any of the
above individuals.
John is sending documents to verify his enlistment with the Marine Corps. He
has provided the name of Staff Sergeant
to call at Cherry Point for
information on Laser Strike. Suggested caling 2nd LAAD battalion,
operations S-2 or S-4, at Cherry Point.
I called Cherry Point and they gave me some web addresses for information on
Operation Laser Strike.
6. Always ask if the witness has other evidence, networks, or contacts to
other witnesses which could be useful to the project (they may not offer this
and so this should always be asked).
None.
7. Write your own assessment of the value of the witness&rsquo; testimony and
credibility, and HOW the witness comes across (articulate, etc).
I interiewed him 3 times in great detail, because initially I wasnarsquo;t
sure about him. I knew he had been mentally and emotionally shaken by this. Some
of the details he reported on the first teiling of the story were different the
second time, and some important information was provided the second time which.
was simply left out the first. He has read my narrative of his account and
attests to its accuracy.
joined the 3rd interiew to assess
him and try and pinpoint the locatton in Peru.
plans to meet with him
and bring a detailed map of the area: (John remembers rivers, villages etc.)
After careful assessment, I believe John is sincere and is telling the truth
as he remembers it.
concurs. He has much detail and marine lingo; and
Tuesday, August 01, 2000
Page: 6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 4, "chars": 54, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Page? 7

Tuesday, August 01,2000 piieeenmemmedtinntny

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 13, "chars": 69, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Ayn Wow Ock tT:

eee

wala!

AL

— ON eind “Ay VERMAID

/ f f

LA VK
