{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T01:38:41Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 954991, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122501-dr-greer-interview-on-col-corso-paola-harris-12-16-99.pdf", "source_sha256": "8c3a7fd94bd7e4242540a65b047f2fde726213b91e6eef7b292fd9aff82e190b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 1933, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- et
Pitile
1 Interview
December 16" 1999 by Paola Harris
Dr Steven Greer part 1
peter-ice
How did you feel when Colonel Corso died? What do people think?
He lived longer than a male in the United States usually does but the timing
was a little strange. There are younger people who are dying mysteriously
who are trying to get the truth out and that is even more bizarre.
Paola: Are you talking about Congressman Shift from Arizona
Greer: I'm talking about about five people on my team. You know I have
metastatic malignant melanoma (cancer) My long term assistant, who
worked on this for about six years died in January and we had a former CIA
director who was going to give definitive proof and assets, he was killed. In
this business, there have been a number of mysterious deaths in the last two
years but all we can do is move forward.
Paola: We did have Colonel Corso speak here in Italy on major television
and we miss him terribly and we need that caliber of witness to come
forward with the facts.
Greer: Have you identified similar, perhaps lower ranking, but perhaps
similar witnesses in Italy who are military and who will come forward
Paola.
No. We don't have them in Italy.
Greer: yes they do. There are official UFO projects and events which
Are taking place in Italy and one of the things I would suggest is in the
context of this interview put out a call for these kinds of people to step
forward. One of the things that I want to stress here, as supportive of the
kinds of things that Colonel Corso was doing, It was being done in a
uncoordinated fashion and its intrinsic efficacy of disclosure and there is a
direct relationship to how many people do it and in what kind of setting and
how effective it is. You know we have had in the past preliminary like
colonel corso and Pavel Papovich in the Soviet Union and astronaut Gorden
Cooper in the United States come forth with their own sightings and
experiences.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 320, "chars": 1982, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4
Dr Steven Greer
Part 2
The purpose of maxing the depicting. the Extraterrestrial as hostile in
space:
MillARy
machino
It catapults this trillion based operation into a space-based operation which
becomes multiples of that which instead of drawing most of its revenue from
Europe and America can derive most of its revenue from the entire globe to
militarize space and to engage the extraterrestrial in hostile engagements and
violence and in order to do that you have to demonize the enemy. No war
can be fought, no sacrifice of the order I'm talking about will happen unless
you have psychologically prepare people to hate and psychologically
prepared people toward hate fear and loathing and by orchestrating these
hoax abductions, and hoaxed mutilations, you lay the psychological
foundation through the pop culture and through the UFO community. This is
what is so ironic, the UFO community itself is the , main purveyor of
misinformation. It subserves an interrelated agenda mainly financing a huge
military operation. Now this is a very dangerous game we are playing
without percent ( non e stato mai fatto nella storia)
Paola: What about the abduction phenomenon researchers that see this a
negative alien agenda.
Greer: Let me say only that anyone who takes that phenomenon at face value
has not done their homework.
Number2. And in some cases they have willfully ignored data which
strongly supports that the abduction phenomena as it is described as an
abduction syndrome is largely if not in toto human.
Paola: If you are saying this then what are you truly saying... that the
abduction phenomenon is a "human" phenomenon? Then what is the nature
of the alien presence then?
Greer: Ah. That's a good question. That's beginning hidden with the ton of
false material being dumped on it That is a very complex issue The actual
extraterrestrial phenomenon is rarely seen and is very present, has been for
a long time, patiently waiting for us to grow up so we can become a

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 112, "chars": 653, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
landed or been tracked on radar doing extraordinary things. What I'm trying
to point out to people is that by presenting different people from different
walks of life, who in an official capacity who have had top secret clearances
and who have handled various aspects of this phenomenon over 40 or 50
years, it makes a very compelling case much more so than one person's
story no matter who that person may be. This could be done in through a
govermental agency or a very well done documentary series. We don't have
the funding at this point. The Cseti team of consultants who have worked
without pay have been working on this for about five years now.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 432, "chars": 2603, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Paola: and Edgar Mitchell too. Weren't you involved with that.
Greer: But he is not a direct witness. I am now speaking of first hand
military, scientific and aerospace witnesses who have worked on projects
dealing with the ET issue and have been present at very unambiguous ET
events. So what we are doing is something that has never been done in the
50 years of the coverup. Most people, will find a Philip Corso or a Gorden
Cooper and say Ahha, this is going to end the secrecy. Well it doesn't and it
never will and the reason is that you have to combine a multidisciplinary
approach to this that involves not only dozens and dozens of top secret
witnesses from all-over the world
in one disclosure setting but you also have to combine that then with other
scientitic evidence, hard evidence, government documents and things of this
sort that you make a very compelling case. Because Corso's information was
not coordinated with other people of similar stature in a way that was very
much probono and non commercial., what happened was that it got
discounted heavily by the scientific, political and mainstream media
community. It is most important to get the truth out to the whole world and
to do that requires a much more sophisticated strategic plan that people have
undertaken. What we( Cseti) have concluded from studying this for a
number of years ( from Donald Kehoe in the 60's trying to do the same
thing) is that the weight of the evidence in a multidisciplinary setting with
literally dozens if not a couple of hundred top secret witnesses coming
forward in a blizgreek which simply overwhelm anyone's ability to dismiss
it. And I think this is very important, if it one person 's story like Colonel
Corso"s that has no further corroboration or and that story comes out and
what happens is that story falls off the radar screen of the major political,
media, military and scientific establishment community. So what we have
concluded in at Cseti in project Starlight that we have been working on for
five years now. The central strategy is to find the PHILIP CORSOs in Italy,
in the United states, of Germany, of England and the former Soviet Union
and combine their knowledge and their witness testimony in a very well
done mainstream disclosure process perhaps in the United Nations or a little
country that Michael Hesseman told me about named San Marino. Now the
concept is to move all this testimony.. we have nearly 200 of these witnesses
identified. Some are people who have had deep involvement and some of
these people have just incidentally been present when these things have

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 351, "chars": 2080, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
peaceful species so they can interact. with us openly. Baring that, they have
been trying to introduce themselves to us gradually, waiting for that time
where we will step into some semblance of maturity as a species being able
to engage
them in a peaceful fashion We had an opportunity to do this in the 40's and
50's and we failed. That's when the movie THE DAY THE EARTH
STOOD STILL came out. That whole movie was made with the prompting
of peace - oriented people in the state department trying to send a message
to militarists who were trying to militarize the relationship between human
and non human life forms. It is a complex story.
Paola: Is there any truth to the fact that there is a federation that has not only
visited the Earth but has interfaced with Government leaders asking them let
them be present and so forth.
Greer: You need to take this very carefully. What I think has happened is
that have been Enclaves
(meetings) like you describe but we have subsequently betrayed them. And
that ultimately so called Federation of Extraterrestrials species have not
only been betrayed but are currently being targeted and struck by the
weapons that we are using to track them and to target them. Basically that
which we think are extraterrestrials working with our military working with
our military using crafts that look like ET craft.
Paola: this I just get from Ed Fouche whom I just interviewed. Have you
heard efkim?
Greer: I know him too. I'm helping people connect these dots. Look what I
want to say here is that cloning...for instance. The cloning of Dolly the
sheep was not the first cloned entity. What you have to understand is that
whatever exists in the public domain or even in the cutting edge of science is
five of ten generations backward ... behind of whatever exists. That includes
the biological sciences. People say but it's a grey but maybe it's not
extraterrestrial... maybe alien but it is not Et. It could be a biological ..sort of
life form that looks like a Et. I'm quite convinced that resources exist in the
scientific prowess, in the

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 441, "chars": 2495, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
scientific capacity exists in order to simulate and hoax extra terrestrial events
so that you can control the public perception of the phenomenon.
Because that you need to do in order to set up the holy war in space that your
right wing groups and your religious nuts and your militarists want. These
people are desperately looking for a millennial " blow-out Holy " war and if
it doesn't come their way they will create it
To tell you how serious a problem this is, one of my top secret witnesses,
who did not get to testify in front of the members of Congress in a meeting
that Cseti set up in 1997 in Washington because at the break he was asked to
leave and his handlers (intelligence) that he had worked with years ago
emerged and basically took him out to the country-side in Virginia where he
was held until about midnight. But what he was going to tell them and this is
why he was taken out of the meeting. This military witness had been a
contract intelligence worker for the Air Force and for other entities back in
the 80's and he sat in on meetings at which plans were made to utilize alien
reproduction vehicles, things that looked like Et Crafts, made by a
consortium of companies in the United States, Northrup, Lockeed, Martin,
Saic and these assets in a horrific plan that exists ( that could be activated at
a moments notice) would be made to activate a simulation of an Et attack
on our assets, in other words they would be used to attack human assets
made to look like extraterrestial technology but in reality being run out of a
facility in Utah.
Now here is the punch line, WE ARE VERY VULNERABLE,: our
leadership, the security council, the UN Security council, the joint chiefs of
staff, all these people I have been meeting with are very vulnerable to a
surprise attack from what looks like extraterrestrial assets but in are the
human assests beig used to look that way.
Now this is very important,because if this is the case and I have multiple
people now that contirm that that capability exists and the agenda exists to
do this, what that means is an "Independence Day senerio could untold and
it was humans trying to get the world on a war footing against the real
extraterrestrials and it is very much what we did in the Gulf of Tonkin
during the Viet nam war where we simulated attacks on our own ships in
order to get more funding for the war. This is very dangerous because you
have a small group people who do have access to these events to fool world
leaders.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 318, "chars": 1962, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dr Steven Greer
Part 2
The purpose of moving the depicting the Extraterrestrial as hostile in
space:
It catapults this trillion based operation into a space-based operation which
becomes multiples of that which instead of drawing most of its revenue from
Europe and America can derive most of its revenue from the entire globe to
militarize space and to engage the extraterrestrial in hostile engagements and
violence and in order to do that you have to demonize the enemy. No war
can be fought, no sacrifice of the order I'm talking about will happen unless
you have psychologically prepare people to hate and psychologically
prepared people toward hate fear and loathing and by orchestrating these
hoax abductions, and hoaxed mutilations, you lay the psychological
foundation through the pop culture and through the UFO community. This is
what is so ironic, the UFO community itself is the , main purveyor of
misinformation. It subserves an interrelated agenda mainly financing a huge
military operation. Now this is a very dangerous game we are playing
without percent (non e stato mai fatto nella storia)
Paola: What about the abduction phenomenon researchers that see this a
negative alien agenda.
Greer: Let me say only that anyone who takes that phenomenon at face value
has not done their homework.
Number2. And in some cases they have willfully ignored data which
strongly supports that the abduction phenomena as it is described as an
abduction syndrome is largely if not in toto human.
Paola: If you are saying this then what are you truly saying... that the
abduction phenomenon is a "human" phenomenon? Then what is the nature
of the alien presence then?
Greer: Ah. That's a good question. That's beginning hidden with the ton of
false material being dumped on it That is a very complex issue The actual
extraterrestrial phenomenon is rarely seen and is very present, has been for
a long time, patiently waiting for us to grow up so we can become a

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 351, "chars": 2077, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
peaceful species so they can interact with us openly. Baring that, they have
been trying to introduce themselves to us gradually, waiting for that time
where we will step into some semblance of maturity as a species being able
to engage
them in a peaceful fashion We had an opportunity to do this in the 40's and
50's and we failed: That's when the movie THE DAY THE EARTH
STOOD STILL came out. That whole movie was made with the prompting
of peace - oriented people in the state department trying to send a message
to militarists who were trying to militarize the relationship between human
and non human life forms. It is a complex story.
Paola: Is there any truth to the tact that there 1s a tederation that has not only
visited the Earth but has interfaced with Government leaders asking them let
them be present and so forth.
Greer: You need to take this very carefully. What I think has happened is
that have been Enclaves
(meetings) like you describe but we have subsequently betrayed them. And
that ultimately so called Federation of Extraterrestrials species have not
only been betrayed but are currently being targeted and struck by the
weapons that we are using to track them and to target them.. Basically that
which we think are extraterrestrials working with our military working with
our military using crafts that look like ET craft.
Paola: this I just get from Ed Fouche whom I just interviewed. Have you
heard of him?
Greer: I know him too. I'm helping people connect these dots. Look what I
want to say here is that cloning... for instance. The cloning of Dolly the
sheep was not the first cloned entity. What you have to understand is that
whatever exists in the public domain or even in the cutting edge of science is
five of ten generations backward ...behind of whatever exists. That includes
the biological sciences. People say but it's a grey but maybe it's not
extraterrestrial... maybe alien but it is not Et. It could be a biological sort of
life form that looks like a Et. I'm quite convinced that resources exist in the
scientific prowess, in the

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 441, "chars": 2498, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
scientific capacity exists in order to simulate and hoax extra terrestrial events
so that you can control the public perception of the phenomenon.
Because that you need to do in order to set up the holy war in space that your
right wing groups and your religious nuts and your militarists want. These
people are desperately looking for a millennial " blow-out Holy " war and if
it doesn't come their way they will create it
To tell you how serious a problem this is, one of my top secret witnesses,
who did not get to testify in front of the members of Congress in a meeting
that Cseti set up in 1997 in Washington because at the break he was asked to
leave and his handlers (intelligence) that he had worked with years ago
emerged and basically took him out to the country-side in Virginia where he
was held until about midnight. But what he was going to tell them and this is
why he was taken out of the meeting. This military witness had been a
contract intelligence worker for the Air Force and for other entities back in
the 80's and he sat in on meetings at which plans were made to utilize alien
reproduction vehicles, things that looked like Et Crafts, made by a
consortium of companies in the United States, Northrup, Lockeed, Martin,
Saic and these assets in a horrific plan that exists ( that could be activated at
a moments notice) would be made to activate a simulation of an Et attack
on our assets, in other words they would be used to attack human assets
made to look like extraterrestial technology but in reality being run out of a
facility in Utah.
Now here is the punch line, WE ARE VERY VULNERABLE,: our
leadership, the security council, the UN Security council, the joint chiefs of
staff, all these people I have been meeting with are very vulnerable to a
surprise attack from what looks like extraterrestrial assets but in are the
human assests being used to look that way.
Now this is very important, because if this is the case and I have multiple
people now that confirm that that capability exists and the agenda exists to
do this, what that means is an "Independence Day senerio could unfold and
it was humans trying to get the world on a war footing against the real
extraterrestrials and it is very much what we did in the Gulf of Tonkin
during the Viet nam war where we simulated attacks on our own ships in
order to get more funding for the war. This is very dangerous because you
have a small group people who do have access to these events to fool world
leaders..

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 388, "chars": 2273, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Interview Dr. Steven Greer
December 16th 1999
part 2
For example the energy and the propulsion systems which could
replace all the sources of pollution in the world but would also
terminate the oil and gas industry
What you see is that there are huge vested interest that would
take the UFO subject and have taken out of the normal governing
process. So key point here is that the " government:" that people
speak of is for the most part totally oblivious to this issue and
one of the things we have done is collect the best evidence and
top secret witness testimony and put those into assessments
which you can find on our web site HHP/www .Cseti.Org
and. brief these members of our government and encourage them
to get control of this issue.
Of Course That dependent on their level of courage and courage is
in short supply and in the political and military establishment I
think the mantra is CYA. ( Cover your ass). This is a high risk area
and only a few of us know how high risk an area this is...if you
have been in a "line of fire "and members of Cseti have gotten to
the president over a five year period and given very detailed
briefings and things have been handed to Tony Lake, head of the
National security Council, Dr jack Gibbons, the physist who is the
president's science advisor and as I mentioned I have personally
met with numerous members of Congress including chairmen of
committees.
If you see our web site, you will find April 9,1997, we had a
briefing for 30 congressional offices where there were several
chairman of committees including Congressman from Indiana Dan
Burton who is charman of the government Reform and Oversight
committee( I am giving you a name here not mentioned before
and he single handedly could hold hearings. He wanted everything
we had on the subject. He is one of the major players.
Now what's interesting is what is happening about this is that
these key players have been imitated or somehow scared off
from doing the right thing whether holding an hearing or setting
up a presidential meeting. The United Nations had promised us a
space at which we could hold a disclosure conference where all
these hundreds of witnesses and evidence could be presented to
the public in a very serious form and they either pulled back

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 436, "chars": 2582, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
because the people in the secretary general's office that we were
working with were either approached by US intelligence people
were essentially warned away from the subject and told to leave
it alone. That had happened in May of 1997 also.
We have been around the block. This is an incredible story. It will
make a great book someday.
Paola: This seems to be the beginning of serious study so
I think that there has been too much science fiction
connected with this and it clouds everything else. There
are too many amateurs in the field confusing things
GREER: This is one of the problems and that's been done
intentionally, For example, the abduction phenomenon is mostly a
human phenomenon of military related abductions and everybody
knows it. What is interesting is that you have a phenomena that
you cannot control and one of the tennants (rules) of Counter
INTELLIGENCE operations is to create a phenomea that would be
confused with the actual phenomena which would contain the
message that you want to control.
So for example if you have an extra terrestrial phenomenon which
is ongoing and becoming very intense as the world goes through
the convultions of change which it has in the twentieth century
leading to a time when we will have a peaceful world civilization
which is our future and destiny without a question. What
happens is that people who want to ridicule it will take the
subject and will then begin to replicate or to hoax aspects ofit
which then contains a message which conveys to the public the
message which you want them to become convinced of which is
very different from what the real phenomenon is sayiny. In this
case you have militarists and military industrial sector moguls
who covertly have utilied and reverse engineered extra
terrestrial machines,,spacecraft. and come out with creations on
their own but in doing so, they have also figured out
extraterrestrial systems which are very sophisticated
electronically that interface directly with the mind and the
thought andif you figure out all this stuff and ( by the way we
have been studying it for 60 years the thirties when the Nazis
acquired one of these things in the north of Germany..... What you
end up with the ability to simulate or hoax an extra terrestrial
event and have it look like and extraterrestrial event but totally
run by humans, Now the purpose in doing this is to hide the real
phenomena.It has in a sort of message or spin that they want to
convey. In this case they very desperately want to convey the
sort of very evil senario a la independence day or "the x-files"

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 1945, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
because what they really want to convey is a phenomena which
requires multi trillian dollar military reponse in the next century.
See what you have to understand is that everyone with
an I Qover 40 knows that the with the weapons of mass
destruction ( biological, chemical and nucleur weapons are not
that difficult to make ) proliferating, we have two choices, we are
going to have to develop a peaceful world civilization or we are
going to destroy ourselves. Those are our choices.
Paola: Let me ask how can the Peaceful world situation
occur with the militarization of space unless we have a
common enemy?
Greer: You are suggesting an important link. They are trying to
supplant international conflict with interplanetary conflict. And
the Interplanetary conflict would enable them to unite the world
but instead of uniting the world around some positive sense of the
humanity we all share, it would be united around anoyher thing
to hate. another empire to fight. In other worlds, another evil
empire,,instead of the Soviet union it would be able become
something in outer space and by the way this is very lucrative,
the whole" cold war" was a blue light special at Kmart Robba da
vendere a buon mercato)
So what you have to do if this is your agenda, by setting up a
mass pop media mass disinformation outlet which pervades the
public a sinister and frighting threat from space you begin to
fulfill what Ronald Reagan in the United nations back in the 80's"
wouldn't our task of united the world be easier if we had a
common alien threat to unite against? If the president of the
United States said that, he was being being manipulated by people
whowantedthat kind of bent put on the extraterrestrial issue,
because it subserves a number of long term agendas, not the least
of which is catapulting the currently one trillion dollar military
industrial sector in the world into a space based operation which
then becomes multiples of that
