{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-15T11:35:06Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7423838, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122534-witness-10691-united-states-navy-intel-special-project-1992-96.pdf", "source_sha256": "aa6127defa646524790b37289f204d603bd047e8a747445b785c455404e99906"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 642, "chars": 3752, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- My life was destroyed
SIRIUS DISCLOSURE
My life was destroyed
1 message
Tue, Mar 7, 2023 at 9:07 AM
1 of 2
Dr. Greer,
I'm ex-Navy Intelligence ('92-96), and I was an analyst/operator in a Special Project/ The nature of the project has to
do not with craft, but with the use of 'acquired tech' rather than reverse engineered tech.
There have been multiple attempts on my life over the years since then, and all the other operators from my time in
that project have died under suspicious circumstances.
Things in that project always felt a bit "off" in terms of whether they were military or not. For instance, my DD214 is
completely incorrect, and I have been having a very hard time trying to get it fixed (tho I'm still working on that). It
shows I was at Miramar for a short time, when I was actually there for well over a year.
When we (the three Navy operators stationed at Miramar) would go to "work" we would climb into the back of a
windowless van, and ride for 4-5 hours (with different routes taken, based on the turns) before arriving at the project
site; which was an underground garage.
After our work, we would often stay a night or two at that base (with limited movement access, even tho we all had
ATS clearances) while working, and then we'd be piled back into the van and driven another 4-5 hour trip back to
Miramar.
We thought it was a bit strange, but since we knew the nature of our jobs, we just figured it was how the military
handled it. However, when trying to get my DD214 straightened out (with help of a VA rep), I have started realizing
that the Special Projects I was part of don't sound like the other Special Projects...
I have been asked multiple times what "unit" I was assigned to, when I wasn't assigned to a unit at all. We were just
operators in the project. Sometimes the term "analyst" was used for us. But we had specialized training to help us do
our jobs, and were given a different IQ test every other week (I have no idea why, but we figured it had something
to do with checking that our brains weren't getting scrambled or something).
I was released early from the Navy when the side effects of that job started causing me to have continual headaches
and migraines that I couldn't shake or get rid of. They began during an operation conducted aboard the XXXX
on the '95-'96 WestPac cruise. When I returned to mainland US (now stationed at >
X had
a cover job working in the 610 shop of the base AIMD department. My cover job had me working in The Vault so I
could easily explain why I had a security clearance.
The migraines steadily got worse, and began to interfere with my performance in both jobs. I was sent to medical a
few times and they tried to find whatever they could about what was wrong with me. Of course I could not tell them
about my involvement with the Project, so they basically said, "Take some pain meds and get some rest". Of course
that did very little.
Finally I ended up getting called in before the CO of the AIMD department and queried about why my performance
had dropped so bad. I tried to explain that he did not have the security clearance for me to explain that, and it pissed
him off. He fast-tracked my exit from the Navy a mere month before my 4 year contract would've been up.
In the process of that fast-tracking out, they changed a number of things on my DD214 to make life a nightmare for
me, such as my year of entry... Stripping me from being able to access my GI Bill for college (which I had already fully
paid into) as well as getting any VA benefits, and not making my discharge a medical one (since medical couldn't find
a reason). Instead they made it "General, under honorable conditions", and listed my reason for exit as "misconduct"
3/7/2023, 10:23 AM

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 529, "chars": 3021, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(which was solely because I would not tell the CO what he wanted to know.
Since my exit, my 2 co-operators (one became my best friend, the other was a bit of a bitch tbh that had been with
me since XX
X training (as well as the 2 Air Force guys I think had been stationed at Groom Lake) have died under
mysterious circumstances.
(my best friend from then) died in a car wreck "while driving drunk"... Except that
hated alcohol and
had a phobia of "losing himself" if he "got altered in any way"... So he didn't drink or use drugs, etc (I don't either, as
I share that phobia, tho not as strongly as >
/ had it. Being an operator in that project kinda creates a phobia
about losing one's mind and control of self, so... Yeah, I think we all had that as a phobia to some degree).
I honestly don't remember names very well. Hell, I don't even recall
ast name
anymore.) died during "complications while getting an abortion"...
Except there's two issues with this. She had no uterus due to a bike accident she had as a kid where it got infected
and it had to be removed. AND she was a lesbian... Had zero interest in guys. Sooo... that's sus as fuck.
Anyhow... There's so much more to this that I would end up writing a book trying to explain it all. (And you may have
noticed I didn't give any details about the project or what I actually did, or what it was either - tho really want to)
It's best for now to just know that it involved operators getting "attuned" (for lack of a better word) to a 'unique'
device (which, to this day I would have a VERY hard time believing was made by humans - and no one claimed it
was).
I have shared bits and pieces of my story with friends and family over the years... Things I thought I could get away
with. And tho there've been multiple attempts on my life, and a brain-fogged almost-30 years of migraines, I have not
come out with my full story to anyone... or the things I have learned as a result of that project. Also of note, no one
has ever tried to court marshal me either.
So I'm writing this to you with no idea of who to talk to, or where to go, etc. I have always been a bit scared as well,
since I've lived with the thought, "Who would believe me anyway?" hovering constantly over me, combined with "If I
did tell the whole story, would the attempts on my life be ramped up?" I don't know.
One more thing that's worth noting is that a couple years ago I discovered that I'm autistic and have ADHD. Which
has been a tremendous help in understanding myself more, but also can get in the way of clear communication
sometimes. (What it doesn't do is dismiss my experiences.) Too much of my life has been completely fucked for too
long as a result of my involvement with that project.
I hope you can offer some guidance or suggestions, etc.
If there's a secure way to share my story, I would be happy to get the burden off me. Who knows, maybe if others
were told, there'd be less reason to try killing me.
Anyhow, thanks for reading part of my story,
2 of 2
3/7/2023, 10:23 AM
