{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-09T02:53:15Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4492197, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122513-witness-10816-united-states-2nd-hand-info.pdf", "source_sha256": "c91cfc4c5c5615305f513fee1c8d6b5bfd92168948affe88450d1bb9b958bed4"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 438, "chars": 2439, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
_ -
HELLO Dr Greer ,
it is an honor for me to be addressing you personally as you may very
well go down in history as the man who saved the universe and all of
humanity...or FROM all of humanity. I guess it is up to humanity to decide
which one of the two it shall be.
Now to the business at hand. My scientist.
As far as I know he is sadly not even being a scientist anymore these
days, because they watch him so closely, ready to snatch him up, along
with anything he tries to work on. So he works internally now. After 18
years locked up for conspiracy charges he is now a few years into the ten
years of SUPERVISION that his sentence includes. After that there are two
8 million dollar fines to anchor him. So he lives quietly in Fallbrook with
his wife, avoiding social media and society. He forbids anyone that he
loves to visit or contact him lest they become a source of leverage for the
black hats. While in prison he acquired his eighth degree. This one in
theology.He wrote me and said.. WELL I HAVE ACQUIRED ANOTHER,
USELESS DEGREE..HA HA. Then he mentioned that he had also
completed Einstein's Magnetic Unified Field Theory. Or something like
that. Sadly, many of his precious letters were destroyed when my house
burned to a pile of ash a few years ago.
He taught a yoga and meditation class while he was incarcerated.
Teaching the other prisoners how to escape their prison thru
breathing techniques and astral projection.
I lived with him in Mexico for five years. They stole him from me in the
year 2000. We would listen to Coast to Coast every night and he
would get notably excited when certain specific guests were
scheduled. One of these guests was you.
At night...EVERY night in fact... he had a lot of activity going on. He
would talk in his sleep and laugh out loud. Sometimes he would have
terrible nightmares and wake up screaming. Often I would try to ask
him questions or converse with him while he was asleep. I wanted to
discover the source of his trauma thinking to help him work through
it. He refused to talk about any of the bad stuff. However we talked
about all the other stuff in great detail and I learned many things. In
the mornings I would tell him what he had been saying and this would
trigger his ability to recall the dream itself, which he would tell me
about. One of the first things that I learned was that whenever he
spoke while asleep, it was not his words being vocalized....it was the

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 453, "chars": 2659, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dialogue of the OTHER person or entity that he was conversing with
that i was hearing. On one occasion the sleep dialogue was all about
electrons and neutrons or protons or something. THE FOLLOWING
morning when I told him of it, he became very agitated and sad at the
same time. Then he told me that many years before we met he had
been the youngest member of a team of scientists doing research at
an underground facility beneath the Lucerne.... hope I spelled that
right. They had been accelerating particles and trying to collide them
into each other. They actually succeeded finally but the collision blew
up a particle which separated into an electron and some other thing..
which resulted in a rip or a hole in the separation between this
dimension and all the other ones. Because all the other ones are more
than this one alone...they started pouring thru into our ...like
osmosis and diffusion. He told me that all the other scientists
involved were either already, by then, dead or insane or disappeared.
He sadly included himself in the disappeared category - Anyway,
when I asked him what happened to the hole he told me that it was
never closed. The governing powers over it did what they always do
when faced with a failure. They just close the file and shelve it and
deny that it ever happened. However in this case...because all kinds
of exotics were now pouring thru into our dimension, they were
trying to control the hole with giant magnets placed in an oval pattern
around it that prevented anything from passing thru it in either
direction. Then he went on to explain that they would soon have a
problem with that situation however, because the pressure from the
other side of the hole was going to continuously increase as time
passed...and eventually they would be needing much bigger magnets.
A few years after they had ripped us apart I was on a plane heading to
Scotland and as I flipped thru the onboard magazine from the airline
itself, I saw an article about the Lucerne facility. That was when I
discovered that it was in Switzerland. The article was informing that
the Lucerne was temporarily closing or changing its hours for public
access, because they needed more parking They claimed the parking
was underground beneath the facility and they showed a diagram of it
- A giant oval.
But back to the dream. In the dream he was reliving the event that
caused the hole, but from the viewpoint of astral projection, which is
above. From that viewpoint he could see exactly what happened to
magnets holding this hole will be preventing this thing from returning.
The only way to close this hole would be to turn off the magnets for

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2305, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
long enough that the remaining electron can go thru also. He said
that if allowed, this electron will automatically seek the remaining
pieces of the original particle and rebind to each other into a whole
particle thus closing the hole. When I suggested that he tell
somebody about it he shook his head sadly. That would be the last
you would ever see of me...he told me. He also said that there is no
longer any such thing as anonymous.
Which brings me to his identity. And his relevance to your current
project. I am reluctant to put his name down until the end of this letter
when I can print once and seal it before erasing it from my computer.
His relevance to you has many facets. Firstly he has been inside
facilities and he has seen bodies of what he calls extra dimensional
beings. He had access to these places as a boy because his father
would take him there. His father being a lieutenant colonal in the air
force, now deceased. Both parents passed away while he was
incarcerated.
Secondly because, as an inventor he leased his patented designs to
Lockheed. There were conditional clauses as to how these designs
could be used, that were of course totally violated.
Thirdly because he has a photographic memory and speed reads
documents and books faster than ...well, lets just say that he read the
Tibetan Book of The Dead in one sitting.
Another reason he may be a desirable team member is that he told
me many times something that his father told him...which is...get dirt
on EVERYBODY. Always be alert to opportunities to get evidence that
can adversely affect the lives of the people you deal with. In order to
stay safe. Not a pleasant way to live I am thinking, but then my
background and society are very different from his.
He told me many things, too many to include here. Zero point energy,
time travel with and without an actual machine, the varied types and
traits of extra dimensional beings, polar reversal, medical knowledge
suppressed and on and on.
His mentor was Nicola Tesla. And his Father. Although I personally
think his father was an asshole and a black hat, based on things that
he said and did...including taking his son to classified military
facilities. Apparently he would have encouraged his son to become a
spook and to never have a family or a life of his own.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 395, "chars": 2212, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Somewhere along the line, while-cultivating patriotism the two of
them forged a document that changed my scientists age from 17 to
18 so that he could participate during the last year of the Vietnam war
in an undercover special ops mission. I will spare you the details, but
somewhere in that mission, he says that Superman died. He no
longer wanted to be involved with anyones government nor military.
Actually he went the opposite direction and sabotaged a few of their
projects and made a fool of some of the players. He became an
avocado farmer and wooden shipbuilder at that time. He also became
a target. People close to him began dying under strange
circumstances. Which is why he left the country and went to Mexico
where I met him.
I will be writing him a letter which I will hand deliver to his mailbox.
He will be angry when he finds it, but too bad. I will include your
phone number and your request that he call you. Hopefully before
your trip in February. The thing is though, that I don't think he will do
it. In his mind...if he is the one to take the initiative by contacting your
team...then he is to blame for any fallout casualties that may result.
But he is also just like you. He is heroic and brave and fundamentally
loving and good. If you were to contact him...! know he would be
unable to turn you down. His patriot would be rekindled. He has no
children to worry about. I believe that he MUST join your team just to
stay alive. I am not suggesting that you go there in person..although
that would be GREAT if you did. But if you sent him....and his wife of
course, a personal invitation to a CE5 event or anything to do with
astral projection or meditation...he would become so enthralled to
interact within his own peer group again after so many years in
isolation and hibernation. I know he still has a wicked sense of humor,
so maybe you could send him a singing telegram.
Yes I am quite serious.
That is all I can do to help save the world. Get you two together. That
and spread the information you put out as far and as fast as I can.
My name is
His name is
fathers name is
His
The following paragraph is a
clip from his online obituary.
George was born on
He attended Long
:
*..

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 113, "chars": 655, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Beach City College, Univ. of Texas, El Paso and was a member of the first
graduating class of CSUS, Sacramento, CA. He worked for Aerospace
Corp. and retired from Lockheed LMSC in 1991. He was President of the
executive board of the PPPOA and Big Sir of Chapter 35. He served on
active duty in the US Air Force and retired from the reserves with the
rank of Lt. Col. He had a tremendous love for his country, often saying,
"Love God, your family and your country". In 1950, he married the gal of
his dreams and the love of his life, Patricia A. Leavens in Sacramento,
CA. George and Patricia travelled extensively throughout the world. A
hero to many,
12
