{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T15:01:01Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 540282, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122689-shannon-lee-9.pdf", "source_sha256": "ef54c7719c843cd289514ad45cbf2b898823dc596782292551f510db580b8d67"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 741, "chars": 4055, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Wednesday, September 5, 2018 11:39 AM
XXXXXX
Well thank you for your kind message and I just want to say that I have just been so elated and proud that
your husband himselt actually called me yesterday and I had almost a full hour or so to share my story with him
and I just feel such an incredible sense of relief and happiness since we spoke on the phone phone! He got back
ny story wasn't really of that much significance since I never actually got to see any type of aliens or anything
it was just a completely sealed and very heavy silvery disk shaped Craf
But I am glad that he did speak with me and I must say, he really has helped to put my mind at ease and
relieved alot of the severe anxiety I have been plagued with here recently and it was actually because of his
video "Unacknowledged," that I knew that I had to at least try and reach out and tell him what was going on out
there just South of the island of Guam over the Mariana's Trench and wanted to know if he had other people
come forward with similar stories from that same area, as I heard from many of the locals there called
Chamarros, that there had been allegedly MANY different crafts and saucers that had been recovered by the
Navy mostly but I guess I got lucky and our ship just happened to be at the right place at the right time when
this happened, and that's why we got the call to investigate it as a possible enemy threat and then once the threat
was believed to be neutralized, we were to actually then ordered to retrieve the damn thing, which we did. And
my life has NEVER been the same since, this experience was so overwhelming and it just seemed surreal to me
at the time as I actually got to touch it and climb around all over it trying to first get a series of straps wrapped
around it to lift it out of the water. And then came the tedious task of immediately trying to cover it up with a
bunch of blue tarps to help conceal what it was as we returned to the Harbor back on the Navy installation there.
So this isn't actually my final report or anything, I just wanted to briefly go over with you a short, condensed
version of what all I relayed to your husband on the phone yesterday. And it REALLY means alot to me that
Dr. Greer jumped right on this and took me seriously and I will be forever grateful for this opportunity to
PINALLY feel safe and protected and be able to come forward, show my name and face if necessary and
divulge EVERYTHING I saw that day, even though I was forced to sign a non disclosure agreement. And I
will gladly do whatever it takes if Dr. Greer would like for me to come meet him in person, I will be more than
happy to pay my own way down to Virginia or wherever he may want to meet and get to meet him face to face
and discuss this and I will give him my full permission to record everything and share it in any manner he feels
appropriate!
My main goal in coming forward with this is to hopefully get word out and perhaps you can start a new
investigation into some of the heavy ET/USO activities that are frequently witnessed byany other sailers and
soldiers out there who had frequently sailed over that part of the Pacific, cause with all of the strange crafts and
lights we all used to witness on a weekly basis out there, I firmly believe that there is a high probability of a
possible ET base of some kind deep underwater in the area of the Mariana's Trench. And who better to start this
kind of investigation, than your brilliant husband! :)
And I just wanted to close this message by praising the both of you for heing so incredibly brave and
patriotic at the same time as Dr. Greer and I both agreed that we both love our great nation, and it's because of
this love and Patriotism that it is very important that we all do our part in opening up this vast library of hidden
knowledge to We the People and take back our Country and our power and end this secrecy as soon as possible
and I am just so envious of your husband's dedication and work ethic to this disclosure movement, and I know
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 97, "chars": 536, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
he could never do this without an incredibly smart and brave woman like you by his side! Thanks and peace
out for now! :) @O
Sent from Yahoo Mail on Android
On Wed, Sep 5, 2018 at 10:27 AM.
Steve told me about the amazing experience you had and your willingness to share it. Thank you so much.
I've copied Steve so you are sure to have his email and his cell is: _
When you send a more detailed report please include me on it. I keep all emails and print out the important
ones (like yours). Never hurts to have a paper copy.
Sincerely
